{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11801155", "title": "3 held with fake currencies", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 25-year-old man who ran a counterfeit currency racket in Udumalpet near Palani was arrested from his rented residence at PN Palayam on the outskirts of Coimbatore early Tuesday morning. Two of his accomplices were arrested earlier on Monday night from Udumalpet. Fake currencies worth Rs 2.70 lakh were seized from them. During interrogation, they confessed that counterfeit currencies worth Rs 2 lakh had already been circulated in Sathyamanagalam and Erode towns. Police have seized a laptop, an advanced scanner machine, a colour printer and four mobile phones from them.Following a tip-off, the Udumalpet police cracked the fake currency racket based in the hill town on the way to Palani. Pretending to be locals engaged in money lending, a group of policemen in plainclothes approached one of the gang members on Monday night and told him that they wanted fake currencies to circulate in Udumalpet. Convinced of their eagerness to enter into the illegal trade, the man agreed to their conditions and gave him fake currency notes worth Rs one lakh.The fake currencies were handed over to the investigators near a petrol pump in Udumalpet. Immediately, he was arrested by the police team and was taken to Udumalpet police station. During interrogation, he revealed his identity as A Idhayathulla alias Babu, 26, of Paramakudi in Ramanathapuram district. Babu was currently living at Pooluvapatti in Tirupur district. He told police that he got the fake currencies from his friend R Kumar alias Narayanamoorthy, 39, of Dindigul. Kumar lived in a rented house at Udumalpet. Kumar was also arrested on Monday night. Based on their confession, police arrested N Ramanujam, 25, of P N Pudur in Coimbatore early Tuesday morning and seized fake currency notes worth Rs 1.70 lakh from his house. A laptop, a scanner, a colour printer and four mobile phones were also seized from the house.Police said Ramanujam was involved in making fake currencies in Kerala as well. He has been charged in a fake currency distribution case under Thalasserry police station limits in north Kerala. He was booked by Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in Kerala for circulating fake currencies in 2003. His friend Jayaprakash was also nabbed by the Kerala police. The duo got bail later and shifted their operation to Coimbatore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11799706", "title": "Slap-happy party at election time", "text": "MUMBAI: A South Mumbai businessman has devised a slap-happy party this weekend before the February 16 civic elections. Invitees get to vent their latent fury against corruption in public office by dealing punches and blows to effigies resembling unscrupulous officials.Three hundred celebrities from various walks of life are expected to attend the event hosted by maverick entrepreneur Viren Shah. \"We have a noble aim in mind, of course. People in high places seldom make the effort to vote, so we will exhort them to do so. We will also advise voters to avoid choosing candidates who have criminal backgrounds,\" said Shah.The party-goers get to throw darts at a board symbolizing corrupt officials and politicians. and punch their effigies with boxing gloves. An array of footwear is being assembled for an indelicate bout of shoe-throwing too. \"This is, after all, the trend in public anger,\" Shah said. Naturally, he knows, few politicians are likely to attend despite cordial invitations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11800924", "title": "Man badly stung by bees in Sec 16", "text": "CHANDIGARH: One person was badly stung by bees near the Rose Garden gate in Sector 16 at around 10.30am on Tuesday. The victim, a middle-aged man, was rushed to the nearby Government Multi Specialty Hospital for treatment.Meanwhile, vendors in the area tried to shoo away the bees by lighting a fire under the beehive.However, the bees soon returned, leading to a scare amongst passerby and commuters near the garden. Randhir Singh , a resident of the area said that despite repeated complaints to the MC, the bee hives on trees lining the internal road in the sector had not been removed.He rued that gardeners and residents themselves had been trying to get rid of the bees by lighting fires under the beehives. When contacted, the MC wing dealing with bee-related complaints claimed that no complaint was received by them through out the day on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11798944", "title": "Making SSC optional is out of the question, says GSHSEB", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) officials have said that there is no question of making the SSC exams optional.The board officials were reacting on media reports where certain members of the board had said that they are going to represent to the board that the SSC exams should be conducted by the schools. The members had made this suggestion after the board decided to introduce 30 per cent internal marking system in SSC exams from the year 2013 onwards.Post this, the SSC board exam would constitute only 70 per cent marks while 30 per cent marks would be given by schools. Board officials said that no formal representation has been made about the issue and there is no question of making the SSC exam optional wherein the exam can be conducted by the schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11800588", "title": "State worried over rise in crimes against SC, ST", "text": "KOLKATA: The issue of atrocities against scheduled caste (SC) and scheduled tribes (ST) was discussed at a meeting at Writers' Buildings on Tuesday. The discussion was triggered by the rise in number of complaints on atrocities against SC) and ST in recent times in the state.You could read that it can be considered as something alarming because Bengal, unlike Bihar and Uttar Pradesh, is not known to be a state where caste is any major issue- unlike states like Bihar or Uttar Pradesh. Or it could really be what the government claims it to be: that awareness among the SC and STs has increased and therefore more and more SC and STs are going to police stations to lodge complaints under the Prevention of Atrocities (POA) Act.Whatever may be the reason behind this trend, the state government is soon going to get a clear picture, a top official said on Tuesday.The issue was raised and discussed at length at a meeting of the state-level vigilance and monitoring committee at Writers' Buildings on Tuesday, and it was evident from the data provided by CID that the number had indeed increased rather sharply. The crime figures are not \"incidentally\" that of SC and STs - it is not that those at the receiving end of the crimes like rape, murder, arson, grievous hurt - were incidentally SC or STs. But all these crimes took place because of \"caste-related issues\" that the crimes took place, and that is what makes it a matter of concern.\"The complaints lodged explain that there may have been harrassment because of a caste of a particular person and then that led to a serious crime,\" the official explained.The Centre has now asked the state government to increase the compensation for the crimes - which is shared equally by them - from Rs 50,000 (the maximum for rape) to Rs 2.5 lakh. Half of the amount is to be paid initially, and the rest after conviction.After a discussion on Tuesday at a meeting chaired by finance minister Amit Mitra, the government had decided to place it before the chief minister immediately.At the moment, 42 cases are pending with the police for investigation, and 31 of these are of SCs and the remaining are that of STs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11801691", "title": "Hardoi DM, driver injured in road accident in Malihabad", "text": "LUCKNOW: District magistrate Hardoi along with his driver received injuries after his vehicle hit a tree, as the driver lost control in a bid to save a dog, which came in its way on Lucknow-Hardoi road in Malihabad police station area on Tuesday morning.Both the district magistrate MKS Sundaram and his driver Sanjay Singh were rushed to the hospital. Sundaram, however, left the hospital after the first-aid, while his driver who received serious injuries on his head is undergoing treatment at Balrampur Hospital.According to reports, the district magistrate was coming to Lucknow on a Bolero-make vehicle (UP 30 L-0601) from Hardoi to attend an election-related meeting. At around 8.30 a.m., the DM's vehicle had reached near Katauli village, a dog all of a sudden came in front of the vehicle. In a bid to save the dog, Sanjay lost control of the vehicle and it turned towards right and hit a mango tree resulting in injuries to the DM and the driver. Police rushed to the spot on receiving the information and the two were rushed to the hospital. However, the DM was discharged from the hospital after the first-aid. The police said that the DM then left for the meeting from the hospital, while the driver was still recuperating in the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11802154", "title": "One more test to ascertain the age of Annigeri skulls", "text": "HUBLI: Unravelling the mystery behind the origin of Annigeri skulls will take longer. The state archeology department (SAD) has decided to send samples of the skulls to a lab in Ahmedabad for one more carbon dating test.The department had earlier sent the samples to two other labs for conducting carbon dating tests. After the first test, scientists in a lab in Bhubaneswar claimed that the skulls are 638 years old. However, in the second test held in Beta Analytic Inc in Miami in the US, scientists reached a conclusion that the skulls are 180-year-old in October last year. Speaking to the Times of India, R Gopal, director of the department said, \"In the two reports, that we have received, there are conflicting details about the age of the skulls found in Annigeri. So we are still not able to reach a conclusion. The third test will help remove the uncertainty and we will hopefully be able to find out the mystery of the skulls.\"The department has now approached Physical Research sInstitute, Ahmedabad. \"The lab is yet to respond to our letter. We will send the samples to the lab after getting their reply. It will take at least six more months to get the report from the lab,\" he said adding that the department will submit the final report on the skulls to the state government in six months of receiving the lab report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11801809", "title": "Get ready for a sumptuous \u2018conversation meal\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Six meals, six public places and six intimate conversations . In theatre company Hi Pot In Use Tri Angle's short play 'Table For Two' , audiences will get to eavesdrop on interesting conversations between couples, friends and strangers sharing meals in restaurants, neighbourhoods, Chinese thelas, bars and cafes.\"These snippets of interesting conversation will provide a quirky perspective on relationships and the association between food and relationships ,\" says Shivani Savant, the play's producer.The play, which will be staged as part of The Times of India Kala Ghoda Arts Festival at 7 pm today, premiered in November and is back as part of The Times of India Kala Ghoda Arts Festival in its endeavour to perform at alternative spaces in Mumbai.The play is divided into six pieces or a six-course \"conversation meal\" . In the 'beverages ' piece there's a \" dorky guy\" trying his hand at flirting with a woman in a nightclub ; the 'soup' one has a woman getting a stranger to have a conversation with her former lover over the phone; 'salad' has a couple role- playing their break-up in a cafe ; the 'appetisers' segment has two women sharing more than a plate of pepper garlic paneer ; 'entree ' has two men discussing their mid-life crises and 'dessert' is a man and woman reconnecting after four decades.\"Many of our modern-day relationships are built around food. These six pieces of conversation are connected to the way food is perceived. For instance , someone having a crappy day will have a comforting cuppa soup and dessert symbolizes sweet memories for many people,\" says Savant.The production features a cast of nine people and is about bringing to the fore \"the bizarre nature of relationships and food that is highlighted in private conversations happening in seemingly public places\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "11802506", "title": "52.83% voting reported in Wardha till 3.30pm", "text": "WARDHA: Officials reported 52.83% voting in Wardha till 3.30pm, however final figures were yet to come till the time of reporting.Several incidents of code of conduct violation were reported while tension prevailed in some areas. Virendra Dubey (32) was arrested with Rs 25,700 and a dagger. He admitted to the police that he is a supporter of Rana Rannavare. The cash was allegedly meant to be distributed in Yelakeli, the area of Rannavare. The police of Deoli police station also seized cash Rs 1 lakh in Anji-Andori area.Tension prevailed in Ashti area, where NCP supporters fought with each other over some confusion in voters list. Some unidentified persons also attacked some policemen in Ashti area, though no arrest were reported.Voters in Pimpalgaon boycotted the elections as they are unhappy with the condition of the road connecting the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11799993", "title": "District officials call for more vehicles", "text": "NASHIK: After flouting the traffic rules by crowding the officials for election duty into a vehicle that was meant to carry only four passengers, the returning officer for Nashik tehsil sent a requisition for additional vehicles on Monday evening.Sarita Narke, the deputy collector, who is the returning officer, after she learnt about the situation, sent for additional vehicles. \"We arranged for another 18 vehicles and took them to the office (Godavari hall, PWD office), but by then the employees and officials had already gone. However, the additional vehicles were used for ferrying the officials on Tuesday (when they returned home after the voting for zilla parishad and panchayat samiti polls),\" she said.The Nashik regional transport office had secured 399 buses, 43 tempos and 515 jeeps and Omni vans for 3,774 centres for conducting the elections. In Nashik tehsil, at least 40 Maruti Omni vans were pressed into service along with 20 buses and a few jeeps to ferry 1,150 officials.The district administration officials had told TOI on Monday that it was due to the rise in the number of booths that led to an increase in officials needed to manage these voting centres.\"This made procurement of vehicles a tough task and that is why one Omni was made available to Nashik tehsil only with maximum distance of not more than 20 km from the headquarters,\" the officials said.However, in surrounding tehsils, apart from the buses, jeeps were pushed into service. \"It is difficult to understand when a government agency flouts norms,\" said one of the officials, adding the district administration should have added more vehicles to avoid this situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11799937", "title": "Acid attack victim denies owing money to plotters", "text": "MUMBAI: A few hours after coming out of the operation theatre on Tuesday evening, 22-year-old Aarti Thakur, the recent victim of acid attack at the Goregaon station, told TOI that her family did not owe a single penny to the Shaikhs, who had been arrested for hatching the plot. She underwent the first skin grafting surgery at Singhi Hospital in Goregaon (W), eight days after she was attacked.So far, four persons-Aarti's former landlady at Nalasopara Manju Shaikh, her son Pintoo and two of his aides-have been arrested. Manju has told the police that they were upset with the Thakurs as they had allegedly borrowed a few lakhs of rupees from her and was not repaying it. Rubbishing the claim, Aarti's mother, Seema demanded to see the proof of the loans. She said, \"My daughter earns Rs 8,000 a month. Who would lend us lakhs?\"According to doctors, Aarti will need a couple of more skin grafting surgeries to treat the multiple burn wounds on her face, hands, chin, chest and stomach. She had sustained 10-15% burns when the concentrated acid burnt her skin. Experts say unlike other burns, acid injuries are deeper and take longer to heal.Ever since she has been admitted to hospital, Aarti said memories of the three attacks had been haunting her. The acid attack was the third attempt to disfigure Aarti's face and cause serious physical damage to her in the last three months. First time, in November last year at Malwani, her face was slashed with a blade following which she was administered 16 stitches. But, Aarti claimed, the police dismissed it as a possible chain-snatching bid. While the officials did not take any serious action against the accused, Aarti was again attacked in less than a month, this time, with a razor. \"Memories of the three attacks are haunting me,\" said Aarti. She can barely speak, or even eat, as the burn wounds are yet to heal.\"I have also not received any support from my work place,\" said Aarti, who joined as a receptionist at an IT firm in Goregaon just 19 days before the attack.She blames the repetitive assaults on police apathy. \"After the first incident, the police believed what Pintoo's mother said. They never cross-checked with me,\" she said. Also, she claimed, the police were yet to give her a copy of the FIR.Moved by the incident, an engineer from South Africa , Tony Naidu and his friend from Mumbai S R Ramanujan visited Singhi Hospital on Tuesday and offered his help. \"We have been following the incident closely and realized how the family is badly in need of support,\" said Naidu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11800658", "title": "Between Faith &amp; Freedom", "text": "Much has been said about the question of the right to free expression in the wake of the Taslima Nasreen and Rushdie affairs as well as instances of other perceived acts of offensiveness, including those allegedly committed by Jay Leno and Jeremy Clarkson . Arguments on both sides have been made, with opinions being divided on largely predictable lines.The really interesting question is as to why this entire phenomenon exists in the form it does. Why do governments act as they do and why do groups - religious, cultural and social - react with such touchiness, often to events and utterances they have personally not been exposed to, like in the case of Salman Rushdie's book or the TV shows in question. Indeed, we often hear of the triggers for the outrage only through reports of outrage; we become offended upon hearing that we are offended.One proximate explanation is that in a 24X7 media world that is intricately inter-connected, any small act of taking umbrage becomes blown up instantly and becomes mainstream news; in a fragmented political system, shorn of any ideological beliefs, any lever to organize voters in a collective becomes attractive, both as a device to catch votes as well as a form of insurance. Principles are abstract and secular, while sentiments potentially translate into voting blocs.But what when votes are not involved like in the case of Clarkson's comments? It would seem that here touchiness comes from another place; those who have traditionally been at the wrong end of the power ladder are displaying their new found sense of place by flexing the outrage muscle. The idea of getting insulted and demanding redress is a time honoured method of drawing boundaries and agitating for respect. It is a reverse form of bullying that relies on the fact that the dominant politically correct narrative of the times decrees that emerging cultures and social groups be treated with exaggerated deference. The right to be offended becomes an important weapon in the armoury of minority and power-deprived groups. At a deeper level the state, by virtue of being part of a discourse of rights and individual freedom, has begun to play a much greater role and having a much more influential say in the social life of its constituents. What was earlier a function of social, cultural and religious formations has increasingly become part of the state's mandate.An extreme example of this can be seen in the episode unfolding in Norway , where the state acting under universalist notions of rights, has interpreted culturally specific behaviour as an infringement of the children's rights and has in the name of doing the right thing, traumatized the family.In other times, infringement of social norms attracted action from social structures; society represented itself, on cultural issues, for most part. The reversal in the power equation between state and society has meant that the state feels the need to take responsibility for acts of cultural transgressions, something that it is intrinsically ill equipped to do.Democracy helps cultural considerations infect the otherwise secular nature of the state, which uses the framework at its disposal, the one that uses rules, boundaries and rights to deal with these intangible issues. At the heart of the problem lies the confusion created by the tension between excessive political correctness that mandates a certain level of touchiness about symbolic actions and celebrates the intolerance of any perceived faults, and the underlying hypocrisy that governs behaviour in the real world. We profess one thing and practice another be it in questions of race, gender, ethnicity or religion. At one level, we must be respectful of other cultures, faiths and viewpoints that we may not fully understand or agree with, but the moment that involves anything more than symbolic agreement, we have a problem. It doesn't help that matters get muddied by all parties seeking to get mileage out of these controversies, each posturing for its own perceived constituencies. The use of a rights framework converts relative truths or untruths into absolutes.Fatwas are issued on both sides, in a manner of speaking. The idea of freedom of expression is pushed to its limit, in order to exhibit the principle, and the right to get offended hardens into a self-righteous license to violence. Of course, the battle is not always an equal one as we have seen in this country recently, for those holding the banner for the right to free speech do not have the political clout of those being offended but as we saw in Norway, it works the other way too. The touchiness of activists is no less fearsome than that of religious zealots, nor is their mode of reaction any less religious.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11801308", "title": "PRP lobbies for minority posts", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Muslim leadership in the state Congress is becoming restless with reports circulating that the government is considering appointment of a soon-to-be retired judge as the chairman of State Minority Commission, a PRP member to the apex post in Minority Finance Corporation and a MIM sponsored candidate for the presidency of Urdu Academy.Most of the Muslim Congress leaders who wished to remain anonymous said that the government has already given away the chairmanships of the Haj Committee and the State Wakf Board to non-Congress persons. According to sources PRP which has successfully bargained for two berths in the cabinet is pushing for its member Feroz Khan , who fought for the Nampally Assembly segment in the last election and lost to MIM, to be selected as the chairman Minority Finance Corporation.The PRP has also represented to chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy for the appointment of former member of State Human Rights Commission E Ismael as the chairman of the State Minority Commission, a post which has to be filled, given the directives of the high court, within the next few days. However, there is another group which says that it would be appropriate to appoint a high court judge who is set to retire on superannuation soon.There are also reports that the MIM has already zeroed in on an Urdu journalist whom it would like the government to appoint chairman of the Urdu Academy.State Congress Committee Minority Cell convener Mohammed Sirajuddin said, \"If these reports are true then it is bad news for the Congress leadership.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11801535", "title": "Citizen contact centre: The new go-between with govt", "text": "CHENNAI: In an effort to make liaison with the government a pleasant affair, the Tamil Nadu government will set up a Citizen Contact Centre'(CCC) in Chennai to furnish details to the public and for smooth delivery of services of its various departments.The project, initiated by the ministry of communication and information technology, will be implemented on a pilot basis in Tamil Nadu, Maharashtra, Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh, Rajasthan and Jammu and Kashmir. The Rs 6 crore project will extend services like grievance reddressal, clarifications on government schemes, contact details of government offices and status of applications or petitions seeking services.\"The Citizen Contact Centre will be established with a vision to help provide information on government services for various departments at a state-level,\" a senior IT department official told TOI. While other channels of delivery such as departmental counters, websites, and service kiosks serve important functions, this centre will provide the advantage of greater accessibility due to high penetration of telecom and cellular services in rural parts.Other key benefits envisaged from the centre are timely access to information, a helpline with local language capability and integration of services given by various departments onto a single platform. \"The government has granted administrative approval to establish CCC at Chennai at an estimated cost of Rs 6 to Rs 7 crore with 100% assistance from the Centre for three years, after which the state government has to give assistance to operate the centre,\" the official said, adding that the project will ensure that the citizen does not visit any government office for any service and that he/she should be able to avail of these services through CCC.In addition to the CCC, the Tamil Nadu government has also decided to roll out the e-district project in 26 districts, including Chennai, for the public to avail online the services of the revenue, backward classes and most backward classes and the social welfare departments. \"A district e-governance society, headed by the collector/district magistrate will be established in each district by the district administration. The society will be responsible for the implementation of the project at the district level\", said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11801158", "title": "IIM-K expects to clock 100% placements", "text": "KOZHIKODE: If the job placement trends of Indian Institute of Management, Kozhikode, are any indication, it seems that the global economic uncertainties have not affected the prospects of premier B-school students.With just two weeks into this year's placement season, more than 60% of the batch of 2012 has landed plum jobs from leading companies, both national and international.The institution is likely to repeat its track record of 100% placements this year too. The trends in the job placements this year however reflect a discernable shift away from finance sector jobs, pointing to a lingering confidence deficit in the sector following the 2008 Wall Street bloodbath.\"While the number of intakes from the financial sector has fallen, the consultancy, IT and e- commerce sectors are doing really well, said Surbhi Bhatia, Member of the Placement Committee at IIM- K.The biggest boost this year came in the form of a 100% jump in the pre-placement offers (PPO) for students over last year. Companies offer PPOs to final year post graduate programme (PGP) students after they complete their two-month long internship in the firms.As many as 50 students have received PPOs from companies following their summer internships with the firms, a 100% jump over the previous year. City Bank, HSBC, Hindustan Unilever, Deloitte and Reliance were the major firms who have offered PPOs to IIM-K students this year.\"The rise in PPOs is a reflection that companies are very much impressed with the performance of our students during their internship period. We have also noticed that many companies where our students had gone for internships are coming to the campus for final placements as well,\" said Raghupathi Hari, Placement Coordinator at IIM- K. He added that going by the current pace the final placements could be wrapped up by the first week of March.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11802203", "title": "14-yr-old school girl gangraped in Betul", "text": "BHOPAL: In yet another shocker from Betul district, which has been hogging headlines for sexual assaults on school girls over the last ten days, a class IX girl was allegedly gang-raped by a local panchayat secretary and his two lackeys, on Saturday night.The victim claimed she was so frightened after the incident that she did not mention it till Monday evening, when she narrated the episode to her father. Her father approached the police and arrests followed this morning. Accompanied by a younger sister, the 14-year-old victim from village Bela attached in Chirapatla panchayat had gone to attend a religious discourse in Unthghat area on Saturday afternoon. Midway through it, a youth from her village, identified as Raja alias Mithilesh, offered the girls a ride on his motorbike. Unsuspectingly, the girls agreed.Police say Raja first took the girls to their grandmother's place where he told the younger sister to stay back. With the elder sister, he rode to the panchayat building in Chirapatla telling her that her father was waiting there. At the deserted building, she was dragged into one of the rooms and allegedly raped by panchayat secretary Mahesh Banshkar, Raja aka Mithilesh and an unidentified person. The girl was left there and the trio fled. On Tuesday morning, her father took her to the police after she told him about it. She was sent for a medical examination and two men were held.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11801735", "title": "UP polls: Left in lurch since 1989", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even as it tries to recover from the massive onslaught unleashed by the All India Trinamool Congress in its citadel of West Bengal in 2011 assembly election, the Left is anticipating that some miracle may help it to revive its dwindling fortunes in Uttar Pradesh. However, past election figures reveal that the Left parties in the state have been on a downward slide since the Ram Temple movement, which had polarised a large section of the Hindu votes.The 2007 UP assembly election proved to be a double shocker for both Communist Party of India and Communist Party of India (Marxist), as none of them could even get a single seat in UP legislative assembly. While, the vote share of CPM was 8.64%, that of CPI was 1.78%. Communist Party of India has been participating in the UP poll since 1951 as a national party, while CPM made its electoral debut in UP in 1967. In 1951, CPI fielded its candidates from 43 assembly seats, and could not win a single seat. As many as 38 of its candidates were forced to forfeit their deposits.Luck smiled on the CPI cadre in second assembly election in 1957, when nine of its candidates registered wins. While, Udal defeated his nearest rival Lal Bahadur of the Congress by 2,266 votes from Kolaslah assembly seat in Varanasi, Sarju Pandey and Jharkhande Rai won from Mohammadabad and Ghosi assembly segments respectively. Except 1985 assembly election, Udal retained Kolasla till 1993 assembly election. In 1985, Ramkaran Patel of Congress emerged victorious.The tally of the CPI improved in 1962, when it bagged 14 seats and retained some of its major seats like Kolaslah and Ghosi. This also improved its vote share, which was now 14.86%. In 1967, CPI (M) emerged on UP political landscape. Out of the 57 candidates fielded by the party, only one could win, while 47 had to forfeit their deposits. CPM's first UP MLA was S Hussain who defeated SW Devi of the Congress from Amroha assembly segment by a difference of 5,243 votes. The tally of CPI marginally went down to 13, and its vote share was 14.87%.Assembly election in 1969 proved to be a leveller for the CPI, as its overall tally in UP Vidhan Sabha came down to four, even as its vote share improved to a large extent and settled at 19.27%. As many as 80 candidates of the party out of 109 had to forfeit their deposits. The picture was not so rosy for CPM either, as 16 of its candidates out of 21 lost their deposits, while only one could manage a win.It was 1974 assembly election that the Left parties took a giant leap forward and claimed 18 seats in all. Out of 40 candidates, fielded by the CPI, 16 romped home, and the vote share for the first time crossed 25% mark (25.57%). Udal retained his seat from Kolaslah, while two candidates of CPM out of 36 fielded by it also won. The 1977 assembly poll saw Mitrasen Yadav emerging on the political canvass of UP, as he won from Milkipur assembly seat in Faizabad on a CPI ticket, while defeating Dharm Chandra of Janta Party. While, Mitrasen bagged 25,861 votes, Chandra could get 11,252 votes. This time, the CPI won nine seats out 29, from where its candidates contested. The votes improved further to 34.91%. Only one candidate of the CPM managed to win out of 35 candidates, while 33 were had to lose their deposits.Another low-point in the history of CPM came in 1980 poll, when it failed to open its account in UP, even as its vote share crossed 10% (10.36%). For the CPI, it was also not a good performance at all, as out of 155 candidates fielded by it, only 7 managed to win, while 134 lost their deposits, while the vote share came down to 9.75%. Prominent among the winners were Udal from Kolsala and Mitrasen Yadav from Milkipur.The 1985 assembly election saw the emergence of Afzal Ansari on UP's electoral horizon (brother of jailed mafia don Mukhtar Ansari). Afzal won on a CPI ticket from Mohammadabad in Mau defeating Abhai Narain Rai of Congress by a margin of 3,064 votes. The vote share of the party this time dropped to 8.1%, as 142 out of 161 candidates fielded by the party had to forfeit their deposits, while only six could win. Similarly, for CPM, only two of its candidates out of 25 fielded won, while 19 had to forfeit their deposits. The scenario was exactly the same in 1989, as the CPI won 6 seats, while the CPM bagged 2 seats.With only 1 MLA from CPM and four from the CPI in 1991, the Left parties in UP had now embarked on a downward journey. This could be gauged from the fact that the vote share of CPM, which was 20.43% in 1989 had plummeted to 9.77% in 1991, while another splinter group, CPI (Marxist-Leninist) also appeared in the state's electoral scene. CPI (M-L) made a very poor start, and its lone candidate (Jai Devi from Mallawan) lost her deposit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11802229", "title": "Talreja murder case: On the run accused surrenders", "text": "BHOPAL: Bajrang Dal leader Sushil Sudele, wanted for his alleged involvement in murder of a travel agent a year ago in the Hanumanganj area, surrendered on Tuesday. The police said Sudele is the accused in hatching a criminal conspiracy in the Bhagchand Talreja murder case. A case was pending against him and five others from February last year.While the other accused were arrested soon after, Sudele, who managed to evade arrest, made the police to announce a reward of Rs 10,000 on him. The accused have not landed in the police net despite allegedly moving about in the city freely.The police claimed that he was picked up from the Chhola area on Tuesday after getting a tip-off. Sources, however, deny it saying that Sudele surrendered himself. On learning about his arrest, around 100 activists of the saffron organisation reached the Hanumanganj police to protest. The supporters allege that Sudele has been falsely implicated in the case.The accused was promptly presented in the court to avoid any problem at the police station. Confirming the development, CSP Navratan Singh said, \"The police have booked Sudele under the Section 120 B (criminal conspiracy) in the murder of travel agent. He has been sent to jail after the hearing in district court,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11800544", "title": "'Pune University will not outsource exam dept work'", "text": "PUNE: University of Pune's officiating vice-chancellor Sanjay Chahande has said that the university will stop outsourcing the exam department's work with effect from June 2012.The varsity's exam department has been in the news in the recent past for instances of bogus marklists and the action initiated against four of the department's employees in connection with the same over the last two months.Chahande said, \"We have taken a decision to stop outsourcing of the exam department work from June 2012. Instead, the emphasis will be on strengthening the computerization drive at the department and evaluation of papers at the varsity itself.\"Barring some important academic courses, all exam-related work for the rest of the courses offered by the university is outsourced to external agencies. Questions were raised in academic circles regarding the practice.A major cause behind the exam department's present woes is also the inadequate number of staff required for handling the vast exam work. As of now, a bulk of the work is being done by people engaged on contract service.Chahande said, \"We have already released advertisements for filling up 550 vacant posts in the exam department. Once the new employees are recruited, the university will not have to rely on hiring people on contract basis.\" On the neglect of the varsity's competitive examination centre, Chahande said, \"I have personally visited the centre after reports about students facing inconvenience. We have now appointed two additional deputy directors to take care of the centre.\"On the delay in completion of the PhD admissions, Chahande said that the first of the two-stage entrance process has already been completed and results of online paper-I were announced immediately on the same day. \"The time-table for paper-II has been disrupteddue to certain reasons, but we are sure that the admissions will be completed soon,\" he added.UoP Foundation DayVeteran poet Mangesh Padgaonkar and noted scientist Raghunath Mashelkar will be among the six prominent persons to receive the University of Pune's 'Jeevan Sadhana' lifetime achievement awards at the varsity's 63rd foundation day on February 10.Actor-directors Mohan Agashe and Nana Patekar and author Uttam Kamble will be the other recipients of the award while the sixth award has been declared posthumously to the late academician Vasant Pawar. Former Union finance secretary Vijay Kelkar will be the chief guest at the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11799579", "title": "Modi announces projects worth Rs 3,800 cr for Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was a day of largesse for Amdavadis on Tuesday. Capitalizing on his Sadbhavna fast with an eye on the forthcoming assembly polls, the chief minister Narendra Modi announced a package of Rs 3,800 crore for development projects in Ahmedabad city and district. As the day-long Sadbhavna fast drew to a close at Bavla on Tuesday, Modi announced Rs 2,000 crore for development projects in Ahmedabad city and Rs 1,800 crore for projects in the district.Modi said that there was a basic difference between the ideologies of the previous Congress governments and that of his government. Taking a pot shot at his political rival, Modi said that his government stands for development while the earlier Congress governments had only one festival - 'communal riots.'The Congress leaders came down heavily on Modi and his government, calling his government one of the most corrupt governments in the history of the state.Gujarat Pradesh Congress chief Arjun Modhwadia claimed that Modi was only interested in his photographs and publicity. Modhwadia also questioned the timings of the fast. He said where CM was when Gujarat was burning during riots. He said that for the construction of the stage for the fast, the government had spent Rs 35 lakh, out of which one can marry off 350 girls.Leader of opposition Shaktisinh Gohil said that the announcement of packages was nothing but a eye wash as one has to take prior approval of the assembly before making the announcement. But the CM has not taken any approval of the assembly, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "11802073", "title": "Rare seal of Indus Valley era unearthed in Pakistan", "text": "LAHORE: Pakistani archaeologists have discovered a rare Indus Valley civilization-era seal in steatite dating back to 2,500-2,000 BC from the Cholistan area of Punjab province.The seal features the carved figure of an ibex with two pictographs.It was found at Wattoowala, located near Derawar Fort and along the ancient bed of the Hakra river, by a six-member team of archaeologists led by Punjab University archaeology department chairman Farzand Masih.Masih said the discovery would open new dimensions for scholars. The seal has a perforated boss on the back and varies from the style of Harappan seals.This shows a regional influence and perhaps a separate identity in the Harappan domain, he said.The seal is almost square in shape and slightly broken on the right side but the figure of the ibex is almost intact.The muscles, genitalia, hooves and tail of the ibex were engraved artistically with a high degree of skill and craftsmanship. The Punjab University team also conducted excavations at Sui-Vihar, which was the only existing example of Sankhya doctrines in Pakistan.Masih said the excavation revealed a circular platform at Sui-Vihar built with sundried bricks and supporting walls to hold the platform and the cylindrical structure.The remains of a votive stupa suggested that the place might had been converted to a Buddhist establishment when Kanishka-I embraced Buddhism. In spite of this, Kanishka had great respect for other faiths and beliefs. Masih said Sir Aural Stein and Henry Field had conducted a survey in the region in 1941 and 1955, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "11802588", "title": "Over 83 cattle heads die", "text": "AKOLA: Around 83 cattle heads died as the truck carrying them fell in a canal on Pailpada to Wani Rambhapur diversion on NH6 on Monday, sources said.Activists of Chhawa social organization with the help of locals managed to rescue around 17 cattle heads till Tuesday evening. tnnThe rescued cattle were later taken to the Gorakshan for further care .The Borgaon Maju police, however, maintained that only 53 cattle have drowned in the canal water.The legs and neck of the cattle were tied up and were being transported to the slaughter house. They were kept in three-tiers in the truck.Reportedly, the driver couldn't control the truck due to the animals' weight due to which the truck fell into the canal. tnnHowever, police did not mention the dead cows and calves in the spot panchanama. Senior police and civil officials were rushed to the spot for further investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11801314", "title": "Boy drowns into Ganga", "text": "KANPUR: A boy drowned into the Ganga in Ramabai Nagar district on Tuesday. Akash, a resident of Bangarmau in Unnao had gone to take a dip into the river with his grandfather Anil Kumar Pandey. Efforts are on to fish out the body.As soon as he went near the banks of the river, he slipped and fell into the deep waters and started drowning. The people raised an alarm but he could not be saved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad/hyderabad", "code": "11799609", "title": "Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case: CBI summons AP cops to Gandhinagar", "text": "AHMEDABAD/HYDERABAD: The Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case has taken a new turn with the CBI having summoned deputy inspector general of intelligence of Andhra Pradesh police, N Balasubramanyam and assistant commissioner of AP Ch Srinivas Rao to their Gandhinagar office for questioning.Highly placed sources told TOI that the CBI had intercepted a conversation between jailed Gujarat police official D G Vanzara and Balasubramanyam that took place around the time Sohrabuddin was kidnapped from the borders of Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh and whisked away to Ahmedabad only to be bumped off by errant cops of Gujarat.A CBI team that had been in Andhra Pradesh for the last week has also identified a location in Singaravelu Konda in Prakasam district of coastal Andhra Pradesh where ex-Naxalite Nayeemuddin was allegedly being sheltered in a safe house by his patrons.Nayeemuddin is the person who is believed to have lured Sohrabuddin to Hyderabad and let his whereabouts known to his patrons. His patrons in turn let this information out to errant officials of the Gujarat police.Balasubramanyam was the district SP of Prakasam district when the kidnapping and encounter happened in November 2005. Srinivas Rao, who is now the assistant commissioner at Shamshabad airport, was the inspector of Rajendranagar police station in Cyberabad during the time.He is being questioned because CBI has chanced upon evidence that Sohrabuddin was housed in the area by Nayeemuddin and apparently Srinivas Rao knew about this. The ex Naxalite is missing for the last two years although CBI has been looking for him for long.Not finding him and suspecting that he is being sheltered by some elements in AP police, the CBI has now asked the AP police to track him. The director general of AP police has formed three teams to locate Nayeemuddin but even after a month has drawn a blank.This has given rise to the speculation that he might have been already bumped off. Incidentally, both Balasubramanyam and Srinivas Rao have in the past been part of the anti-Maoist force in the state. Nayeemuddin, an ex-Naxalite was being used as an agent by elements in AP police to carry out operations that the cops could not officially execute, it is widely believed.The AP angle to the Sohrabuddin case gathered momentum after a Supreme Court observation last month to speed up investigations on the AP angle of the encounter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11809591", "title": "Shah Rukh Khan copies Salman", "text": "Actor Shah Rukh Khan has done something that's going to get one and all comparing him to Salman Khan ...The actor has just become the brand ambassador of an undergarment brand, and will be seen on your home television screens putting on a vest and showing his fab bod which he has still managed to maintain since his Om Shanti Om days.His muscles accentuated, SRK is these days known to be one of the fitter heroes in the industry. An ad man tells us, \"His 6-pack abs were an achievement of sorts. He showed that Shah Rukh could do it, too! And he hasn't let himself go after that. First he was a first-class romantic, now he is also fit and fine and classy!\"In comparisons with the other two Khans - Aamir and Salman, SRK stands his own. \"They all three are brilliant in their own way. It really depends on the demographics of your target audience.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11800507", "title": "BJP may support 3 candidates in Salcete", "text": "PANAJI: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) seems to be making moves to oust some sitting MLAs in Salcete.Though initially they had said that candidates would be fielded, sources in the party said that there are, instead, moves to extend support to three independent candidates in Salcete.The three are: Domnic Gaonkar in Curtorim, Benjamin D'Silva in Velim and Avertano Furtado in Navelim.In 2007, BJP had supported Churchill Alemao of the Save Goa Front against Congress' Luizinho Faleiro and their plan had worked as they had managed to defeat Faleiro.This time too, the BJP is planning a similar strategy which could make Alemao a bit uneasy. Sources in the Bharatiya Janata Party said that the party leaders would disclose their plans in a day or two, at the most.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11799570", "title": "Gujarat HC admits plea against fisheries minister", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Tuesday admitted a petition demanding prosecution of fisheries minister Purshottam Solanki for his involvement in an alleged multi-crore fishing contract scam.Ishaq Maradia, a resident of Bhagal village in Banaskantha district, had alleged in his petition filed in 2008 in HC that Solanki received over Rs 11 crore from 58 persons for awarding them fishing contracts for 58 reservoirs including Bhadar, Aji-3, Fofal and Machhu reservoirs.With his petition, Maradia attached an affidavit by an office-bearer of Shree Vatrak Jalasay Matsya Udyog Mandali, claiming that Solanki had demanded Rs 30 lakh from them for awarding contracts for Vatrak dam.Maradia claimed that the contracts for 58 reservoirs were awarded for Rs 2.4 crore, a pittance. Some fishing societies in Saurashtra had moved the Supreme Court in November 2008, when the fisheries department did not follow HC order that had cancelled the allotments and even indicted the minister.Maradia alleged that the state government suffered a loss of over Rs 400 crore - Rs 44 crore per annum - due to dubious 10-year fishing contract. Following HC's cancellation of contracts, Maradia sought criminal prosecution of Solanki on charges of corruption. The state government delayed the issue for some time, but finally refused to sanction Solanki's prosecution.Justice J C Upadhyay admitted Maradia's plea and kept further hearing on March 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11800421", "title": "Molesters stab teenager, aunt", "text": "KOLKATA: A gang of molesters attacked a 15-year-old girl and her aunt with daggers and rods, injuring them seriously, at Salkia in Howrah on Tuesday night .The gang not only molested the teenager but also stalked and ambushed her hours later to take revenge for complaining against them.According to police, the girl was targeted first when she was out watching a religious procession in the locality in the afternoon. Some local youths groped her but she ran into a local club for help. The club members confronted the molesters and forced them out of the area. Outnumbered , the gang fled.They, however, sneaked back after dark and lay in wait for the girl. At around 8pm, she was attacked only metres from her home. The youths were armed with daggers and rods and kept hitting the schoolgirl, demanding an \"apology\" for complaining to the club.Her aunt heard the screams and rushed out to protect her. The gang turned on her as well. She threw herself on the teenager and sustained serious injuries from knives and daggers. Her left arm is split open and she needed a lot of stitches.The victims are being treated at Jaiswal hospital. They have lodged a complaint with Malipacghara police station, naming four local youths - Dilip, Bhim, Mukesh and Sunny. The victims say there were more men in the gang but they could not identify them due to the darkness in the area.Sukesh Jain, DC (headquarters) of Howrah police said they will conduct night-long raids to nab the suspects. Two of those named were picked up around 10pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11802144", "title": "Punjab farmers panel gives education scenario poor report card", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The worst fears about education in Punjab have come true. Nearly 9.5% children of school-going age have never been inside a classroom, while about 38% people in villages are illiterate. A new survey on rural education has blown the lid off SAD-BJP government's claim on improvement on this front.Punjab State Farmer's Commission has compiled a report and submitted it to the chief secretary, Punjab. \"The report has indicated that the education levels in villages are pathetic, there is neither proper infrastructure nor facilities and people are largely being left out of the benefit of education,\" commission chairman G S Kalkat told TOI.The state was divided on the basis of agro ecological sectors -- Kandi, Majha, Doaba, Malwa central and Malwa west -- comprising 50 villages and with a population of 42,251. Out of 10,187 children in the age group 5 to 16 years, 971 did not go to schools. The survey, conducted from July 2010 to July 2011, found that Malwa and Majha regions, which are considered remote, had a maximum number of out-of-school children.About 57% children go to government schools in villages. Knowledge about mathematics and science is negligible. Simple addition and subtraction questions could not be solved by 74% children. More than 20% did not know answers to elementary questions related to science. Situation of private schools is even worse.Besides, attendance of teachers left much to be desired with - 62% were found present in schools during the survey.The survey found that only a small number of 7.2% children study after class XII. There are more girls in this bracket. Only 7.9% graduates opt for post graduation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11802216", "title": "Complete delimitation of 46 wards for DSGMC poll: HC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi High Court on Tuesday asked the authority to complete the delimitation of area of 46 wards for the election to the Delhi Sikh Gurdwara Management Committee (DSGMC) due in March.Ordering the Directorate of Gurdwara Election of Delhi government, the court also directed completion of the exercise of electoral rolls within a month before issuing the notification for the Sikh body poll.The election is scheduled to be held on March 11 and the filing of nomination papers was to start from February 16.Justice Vipin Sanghi also directed to prepare the voters list with photographs of individual voters.The court order came on a petition filed by Harmohan Singh, who wants to contest the election, alleging the Directorate has announced the schedule for the election and the notification is yet to be issued.\"The election of DSGMC on the basis of incomplete list of voters and without delimitation of wards will cause unfair representation of the member from each ward,\" the petitioner said.He contended the number of duplicate voters have been mentioned and further non-Sikh persons figured in the voters' list.Claiming that some officials of Akali Dal (Badal) had met the Lieutenant Governor(LG) and apprised him about the situation in October last year, the petitioner said the LG had assured them to look into the issue and address them before holding the election.He said, however, that without doing anything the election schedule was declared by the Directorate recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11800040", "title": "Discoms may go green once DERC gives nod", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's time to go green for Delhi's power utilities. Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission (DERC) is likely to implement renewable power obligation (RPO) for the city's discoms, Tata Delhi Power, BSES Rajdhani and BSES Yamuna, in the new tariff announcement for financial year 2012-13. This means that the power companies will be obligated to source a fixed percentage of their total power requirement from renewable sources.DERC had put out a draft renewable energy obligation proposal some months back and had sought public response. \"We have sought feedback for implementing regulations for prescribing a fixed percentage of renewable energy in discom's power requirement. During the public hearing that will be held later, we will take public comments on how much percentage should be included in energy purchase and decide accordingly. Discoms will either have to procure this percentage of renewable energy, generate it themselves or buy renewable energy certificates (REC) for the fixed percentage from the energy exchange,'' said a senior DERC official.Delhi is one of the few states that do not have an RPO and sources said that there was a lot of pressure on the government to announce the RPO for discoms from the new financial year. Gujarat, Maharashtra, Mumbai, Rajasthan, Tamil Nadu are some of the states that have RPOs in place. World wide, California has the largest RPO of 25%. REC trading started in India last year. Renewable energy sources in India are wind, solar, biofuel, geothermal and hydro.Discom BSES, meanwhile, said that before announcing RPO, the regulator has to give them the means to purchase renewable power. \"Solar power costs Rs 18 per unit and we do not have the means to buy it. We have prepared a detailed project report to generate 280KW of solar power and are waiting for the feed-in tariff to be announced,'' said a BSES official. The regulator said that if they announced RPO, they would factor in the overall power purchase cost though the impact on the discoms would be minimal.While Tata Delhi Power has taken the lead in solar power generation in the city, BSES officials insisted they were not far behind. \"Our plan for having roof-top solar panels had almost fructified, but there was a sudden change in government policy and our plans are on hold. We are hoping that the policy comes through otherwise since Delhi has no available land mass for setting up solar panels, we will have to enter into power purchase agreements outside Delhi,\" said a senior BSES official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11800722", "title": "Parents\u2019 forum cries foul over committee\u2019s inaction", "text": "KOCHI: While the admission supervisory committee for professional colleges, headed by justice Mohammed, let off eight of the ten colleges accepting their explanations, not all is right with the system which admits students who have failed.The CBSE-ICSE parents' forum went to court questioning the normalization procedure in the entrance examination which saw meritorious students failing to get rank in the revised rank list. They are now planning to take the admission supervisory committee to court for not taking action against the colleges. \"Even in the case of the colleges which dismissed failed students, it was the colleges which did it and not the committee. The supervisory body just accepted the explanation and let them go free,\" said Dr N K Sanil kumar, coordinator, CBSE-ICSE parents forum. \"The last date for submission of self-attested certificates of qualifying examination was May 31. The entrance rank list was published on July 10. So how did these students get on the rank list when most of them were failed,\" said Sanilkumar.The committee heard the version from ten colleges based on complaint by Dr N K Sanilkumar on behalf of CBSE-ICSE parents' forum that the institutions had admitted students who did not possess the stipulated marks for mathematics in the qualifying mark for B Tech admission.Of these ten colleges, the committee had already issued notices to eight colleges on November 23 last year. Pursuant to the notice issued by the committee, three colleges Illahiya school of science and technology, Muvattupuzha, MES Engineering college, Kunnukara, Shahul Hameed engineering college Kadakkal submitted statements that they had expelled six students who had obtained marks below the minimum prescribed for mathematics.The committee closed complaints against those colleges. The other colleges against whom complaints were filed and cases dismissed were Younus Institute of technology, Kollam; Mar Baselios institute of technology, Kothamangalam; UKF college of engineering, Parippally; AWH engineering college, Kozhikode; Indira Gandhi institute of engineering, Kothamangalam; Shahul Hameed engineering college, Kadakkal; S N Mangalam institute, Maliankara and Sree Chithra engineering college, Thiruvananthapuram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11801652", "title": "MLA's gunman hurt as trigger goes off", "text": "BANGALORE: The service pistol of Nagamangala MLA K Suresh Gowda's gunman accidentally went off on Tuesday, injuring him in the process.Gunman Rajendra Kumar was cleaning his firearm when the accident happened in a room allotted to him in Gowda's New Thippasandra residence around 9am.Kumar suffered minor injuries and was rushed to CMH Hospital where he is undergoing treatment.According to police, Kumar had removed the magazine of bullets from the gun, but one bullet remained in the chamber . He did not notice it and accidentally pressed the trigger. The bullet hit his left arm, injuring his bone.Kumar, a constable from Mandya District Armed Reserve, was assigned as Gowda's gunman three years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11802179", "title": "Day long toil for Rs120? Naah, say Malana villagers", "text": "SHIMLA: Labourers in Bihar and Uttar Pradesh may sing paeans about Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MNREGS), but even the poorest in Malana village, who earn thousands from dealing in dope, consider Rs 120 per day wage under the scheme as peanuts.Inhabitants of this remote village, located in Parbati valley of Kullu district, have ready customers in foreigners and others visiting the village with the sole purpose of enjoying best quality charas. Villagers are minting easy money as 10gm charas costs anything between Rs 3,000 and Rs 7,000 -- depending upon the quality locally known as \"dull\", \"super\" and \"ice\".Situated on a remote plateau along the Malana nullah at a height of 3,029m, this village has around 352 families and most of them have enrolled under MNREGS with local panchayat. But when it comes to doing manual work for a project sanctioned under the scheme, not a single villager comes forward.Founder of Malana Vikalp and former superintendent of narcotics control bureau, north zone, O P Sharma said that people are not used to hard labour as their mindset does not allow them to do it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11802291", "title": "Naked body fished out", "text": "NAGPUR: An unidentified naked body of a man in his thirties, was fished out from Gandhisagar Lake on Tuesday evening.Though Ganeshpeth police are still trying to identify the deceased's name, stall owners near the lake told that the victim was ruthlessly thrashed by a mob before he jumped into the lake.An eyewitness told TOI that the victim had stolen a bicycle and was trying to hid himself from the mob. The victim came hurriedly cycling to the lake.By the time, he parked the cycle the mob rounded him and started beating him. They even tore his clothes before he jumped into the lake. Ganeshpeth police has registered a case of accidental death but are probing from all angles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11800004", "title": "Vijay Mallya apologizes to Ayesha Takia", "text": "MUMBAI: Vijay Mallya has apologized to Ayesha Takia for the inconvenience caused to the actor's sister.Mallya tweeted,\"My personal apologies 2 Natasha Ayesha Takia's sister if she was disappointed with our service.Will have her allegations fully investigated.\"After reading Mallya's response Ayesha tweeted, \"I appreciate the response and hope the matter is seriously looked into and dealt with.\"On Monday evening Ayesha had tweeted about a Kingfisher staffer tearing her sister's boarding pass. After the actor's tweets were retweeted to Siddharth Mallya who reacted in rather sarcastic manner \"Been getting retweets about Ayesha Takia and KFA. Not too sure who she is, an actor of some sorts?\"This angered Ayesha \"I will rant Sidharth Mallya, what will you do? This is your way of dealing with hospitality business? Wow! Learn manners and respect.\" She reacted.Ayesha Takia's sister Natasha was travelling from Delhi to Mumbai.A staffer from the airlines tore her boarding pass.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11801674", "title": "US mulling apology for Nato raid: Report", "text": "WASHINGTON: In an effort to mend ties, the US is considering to apologize to Pakistan for the November incident that killed 24 Pakistani soldiers in a Nato cross-border fire, a media report said on Tuesday.The report in the New York Times also said that Pentagon is sending a top general to Islamabad for talks with the Pakistani army leadership said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11801218", "title": "Zoo may get four jackals from Pondy", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The zoo authorities here are planning to get four jackals from the Pondicherry zoo which is on the verge of being closed down. The animals will be vaccinated before they are brought to the capital, the officials said.The Thiruvananthapuram zoo had lost eight jackals last year following the outbreak of canine distemper virus, an air-borne disease commonly found in stray dogs. Four jackals had to be euthanized to control the spread of the virus to other animals. Two hyenas also died of the same disease in January.A letter seeking the transfer of the jackals has already been forwarded and the vaccine to be administered, Ferret Distemper, will be procured from a US-based company.The zoo officials have already applied for a certificate from the director of foreign trade (DFT) to import the vaccine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11801420", "title": "Astrologer robs film producer of his car", "text": "HYDERABAD: Miffed with a Tollywood producer not repaying a loan of Rs 5 lakh, a self-proclaimed astrologer and two of his associates forcibly pushed the producer and his wife out of their Honda Civic car at Begumpet on Monday evening and sped away with the vehicle. But within a few hours, the astrologer found himself behind bars, realizing in the process that he knew little about the intricacies of the ancient science.At about 4.30 pm, astrologer Goparaju along with two associates intercepted the Honda Civic car (AP 03 AB 0006) of producer Shashi Kumar of Jubilee Hills, who produced a Telugu movie 'Nenunnanu' starring Nagarjuna in 2004, near Shoppers' Stop, Begumpet inspector Y Narasimha Reddy told TOI on Tuesday. The producer also claimed to have financed some movies.When the incident happened, Shashi Kumar, his wife along with the driver were on their way to a hospital in Secunderabad.Shashi Kumar's driver Naidu got down from the car to talk to the trio. Hurling abuses at Naidu, the trio slapped and pushed him away. The three- Goparaju, Narayana and Francis- then forcibly pushed Shashi Kumar and his wife out of the car. Goparaju made Shashi Kumar sign on a stamp paper, the inspector added.As per the document, Shashi, who could not return Rs 5 lakh loan, was giving away his car in lieu to Goparaju. As soon as Shashi signed the document, Goparaju got behind the wheel and drove the vehicle towards Secunderabad. Before he left, Goparaju told the producer to return Rs 5 lakh to get the car back. A startled Shashi Kumar immediately went to the Begumpet police station and lodged a complaint against Goparaju.A police team immediately started looking for Goparaju and managed to nab the trio at his house in Musheerabad in the wee hours of Tuesday. The stolen car was also seized from his possession.\"Goparaju claimed that Shashi Kumar borrowed Rs 5 lakh from him early in 2011 and did not return it. After much pressure, the producer gave a cheque which bounced and a case is pending in the court in this regard,\" inspector Narasimha Reddy said.Recently, Goparaju needed some money urgently and hatched a plan to forcibly take away Shashi Kumar's car even while the case was pending in the court. \"As per the plan, he kept a watch on the producer's movements and robbed his car on Monday,\" the inspector added.A case was booked against the trio under section 392 (Robbery) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and they were remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "chikmagalur /bangalore", "code": "11801759", "title": "State to get new Lokayukta soon", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR /BANGALORE: Within two days, the process to appoint a new Lokayukta will commence and the selection will be done in consultation with the panel, chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda said in Kadur on Tuesday.Gowda, who came to participate in Taralabalu Hunnime programme told reporters that the views of the presiding officers of both Houses, opposition leaders and chief justice of the high court would be taken before the name is sent to governor H R Bhardwaj for approval.With Gowda's purported unilateral decision of appointing Justice Chandrashekariah as the second Upa Lokayukta turning out to be a focal point of BJP politics, there's speculation that the new Lokayukta would be finalized at the Race Course residence of former CM B S Yeddyurappa.Yeddyurappa was said to be unhappy about Gowda not consulting him while appointing Chandrashekaraiah. State BJP president KS Eshwarappa reportedly told Gowda in the core committee meeting on Monday that the former CM should have been consulted. The search for the new Lokayukta has not begun as most judges in Karnataka own more than one residential site. Now, the government is looking for a person outside the state. A senior minister said that former SC judge Sri Krishna has categorically rejected the offer, while the government has never approached Justices N K Sodhi or Kuranga.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11802129", "title": "Government to come up with fee regulation Act", "text": "INDORE: A day after parents opposed the proposed fee hike in Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) schools, state government has shown its willingness to expedite the process of formulating Act to regulate fee in schools.Manoj Jhalani, principal secretary, school education said, \"Currently there is no Act under which the government can put restrictions on schools that arbitrarily hike fee. Government is coming up with a regulation, which is of high priority. Recently a meeting was held regarding the same.\"Meanwhile, he urged the schools to practice self-regulation and not charge abruptly from the students. Tamil Nadu had earlier enacted an Act to regulate the fee in private institutions across the state. Last year, Andhra Pradesh government too had decided to come up with a new Act to prevent private schools from increasing their fees every academic year.Unhappy over the school management's decision to hike fees by 40 per cent, the agitated parents on Tuesday, had cornered the school authorities of Shree Sathya Sai Vidya Vihar. A large number of parents met the school principal to raise their voice against the proposed fee hike. Parents alleged that the school management has been raising fees on annual basis citing facility development reasons. One of the parents said, \"Schools have commercialized the concept of education and putting burden on parents. It is competition with other schools which motivate the management to raise fees.\"The meeting, which lasted for more than half-an-hour, received a proposal from parents that management can take Rs 5000 to Rs 10,000 from each parent in one installment for facility development work instead of hiking fees every year. However, the proposal could not yield the desired results as principal sought time to talk to management. Meanwhile, parents decided to talk to management on coming Sunday to resolve the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11805684", "title": "Porn row: Cong says hiatus between preaching &amp; practice by BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taking a dig at BJP over the porn clip controversy in Karnataka, Congress on Wednesday said this shows the \"hiatus\" between preaching and practice by the Opposition party.The three BJP ministers, who were engulfed in a row over watching sleazy clippings during the Assembly proceedings, put in their papers today bowing to the directives of the party central leadership.\"From corruption to pornography they have the entire spectrum and range available in BJP in Karnataka. This shows the hiatus between preaching and practice by BJP,\" party spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi said.Minister for Cooperation Laxman Savadi, Minister for Women and Child Development C C Patil and Minister for Ports and Science and Technology Krishna Palemar announced their decision to quit after a meeting with top leaders, saying they don't want the party and the government to face further embarrassment.Savadi and Patil were caught yesterday while they were allegedly viewing the porn video footage inside the state assembly, an incident that battered the image of the Sadananda Gowda government and BJP, evoking widespread condemnation across the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11805289", "title": "Chandan Roy becomes a perfectionist", "text": "An actors' life is not all glam, which was quite evident recently when Chandan Roy Sanyal was shooting a scene for his upcoming film Love You to Death .The scene required him to fall backwards several feet into a bath tub full of cold water, where he decided he didn't need a body double. The scene, like all other scenes needed few retakes to get that perfect shot and every time he came out of the bath tub, people had to be on standby to dry him out.After the 2nd retake, Chandan finally realised that a body double would have been a better idea, but since the perfectionist that he is, he kept at it, till the perfect shot was canned. When we asked him about the same, he mentioned, \"It was a tricky shot and we could afford to take only two to three shots since they had to break a special bottle on my head and there were only 3 of them.The camera angle was such that I had to do it myself, so it was quite tricky because when I fall on my back into the tub I couldn't see the tub so I could have landed on my head but luckily the bottle broke on my head and I swiftly fell into the tub of water. Also since I was getting wet, I couldn't have gone wrong otherwise we would have wasted a lot of time drying my costume after each shot! So yah it was electrifying since I get electrocuted after the fall and I shake my body under water profusely! Good one!.\" While the Director Rafeeq Ellias had only these words to say about Chandan, \"Chandan zapped me again.... with his guts and self-belief.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11800362", "title": "Govt poly rakes in Rs 1.2 Cr in revenue, highest among peers in state", "text": "NAGPUR: As Government Polytechnic Nagpur (GPN) prepares for its 14th convocation scheduled for Thursday, they have a lot of reasons to smile. GPN earned Rs. 1.2 crore in revenue making it the highest earning polytechnic institute in Maharashtra. On the academic front, its topper's score has also touched a five year high.Addressing the media Gulabrao Thakre, joint director, technical education, said, \"GPN's revenue comes from continuing education courses (CE), consultations and tests carried in our labs. GPN is an autonomous institute along with 16 others in the state and this demonstrates the excellent work this institute is doing.\"GPN's revenue rose by a whopping 33 per cent as compared to last year with most of its courses running full house. Deepak Kulkarni, head of department, Textiles, said, \"In CE we are offering 19 courses which are designed to help the participants upgrade their skill in line with industry requirements. We have a course for automation which is highly in demand and we had to conduct 12 batches last year. In fact this particular automation course fetched us the highest revenues as compared to others.\"Thakre added that the GPN is one of the very few authorized centres for certification related to civil and mechanical engineering. \"We are contacted by various companies to test their materials in our labs. We then issue a certificate which is valid at various government offices and this speaks volume about the quality that GPN is providing,\" said Thakre.GPN is now getting ready to host its 14th convocation with special honours for a topper who has notched up the highest scores for the last five years. Thakre, said, \"One of our students Devyani Raje is due to receive six sponsored awards and a gold medal for her 94.19 per cent score. Though convocation is typically done for students who have completed their degree but GPN started this process after autonomy was granted. The institute has been framing the syllabus and conducting the exams successfully since 1995, and convocations started two years later.\"Currently campus interviews are going on in the college and 75 students have already been placed with national and local companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11805090", "title": "Time for some retail therapy", "text": "You can take the ladies out of the shopping mall. But you dare not take the shopping spirit out of the ladies.Chennai's women got an opportunity to loosen their purse-strings recently as they thronged a fashion exhibition. The girls had their work cut out for them as they scouted the various stalls in search of those oh-so-perfect dresses and accessories. Of course, they were all dressed in some fine outfits which earned them admiring glances from the guests.The ladies, in the midst of shopping, took time out to exchange some hearty banter and some spicy tittle-tattle. After all, what's a day of retail therapy without its fair share of conversations and laughter?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11801785", "title": "I was watching real-life incident clip: Minister", "text": "BANGALORE: The two ministers, who were caught on camera allegedly watching a porn clip on a mobile phone in the state assembly, claimed it wasn't porn \"but some real-life incidents caught on camera in Gulf countries\".\"We were watching a real-life incident in Iran and Iraq while some soldiers indulged in high-handedness, including raping of women ,\" cooperation minister Laxman Savadi told reporters on Tuesday. He also claimed the clippings had been forwarded to him by his colleague and fisheries minister Krishna Palemar.\"I have not committed any crime or offence. We were watching this during the discussion on the rave party by westerners at St Mary's Island near Udupi. There's no question of my resignation,'' Savadi said.Initially, there was speculation that the sleaze clips the two ministers were watching were of the rave party at Udupi. But TV crews who witnessed these clippings confirmed the clips were of a rape scene involving American soldiers and the other of a striptease (Nanga Naach) caught on camera in a village of Andhra Pradesh.When reporters said the film had Indian persons, Savadi said, \"It is a foreign film with Indian-style women. The subtitles were in Urdu.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11799924", "title": "CBI finds human remains, resurrects Kauserbi case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The ghost of Sohrabuddin Sheikh's wife Kauserbi has come back to haunt the Gujarat police. Seven years after her presumed murder, Central Forensic Science Laboratory (CFSL) officials along with CBI sleuths visited jailed cop D G Vanzara's native village Ilol in Sabarkantha on Tuesday. The 15-member team recovered some bones and a syringe from the banks of the Dhawdi village. Kauserbi is thought to have been cremated here in 2005 after she was murdered.CBI officials probing Sohrabuddin's fake encounter believe the new evidence could prove crucial in proving beyond doubt that Kauserbi was killed by Gujarat police officials. According to CBI's chargesheet, Sohrabuddin was murdered in cold blood in November 2005. The probe agency has told the court that three days later, Kauserbi was also killed.On Tuesday, the team meticulously scoured various spots along the riverbank. \"Besides pieces of bones and the syringe, we also recovered a pair of women's slippers and some bangles,\" said a CBI official. \"Soil samples were also collected. In all, we have got 15 exhibits.\"\"The bones will be sent for DNA tests. These will be matched with Kauserbi's family members,\" the official added. In 2010, the CBI had found an eyewitness in the case. Santappa Natekar had said that he was present when the Gujarat cops allegedly burnt the body at Ilol. At the time, Natekar claimed he was working as a contract labourer at a mine near Dhawdi river. He told the CBI it was in the last week of November, 2005, at midnight, when he saw some vehicles arrive at a check dam near the river. Some eight to ten people got out of vehicles and \"later, I saw flames near that place. I don't know who they were and what they burnt.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11799899", "title": "Accused remanded to police custody till February 10", "text": "MUMBAI: The two men, arrested by the crime branch for the acid attack on IT firm employee Aarti Thakur, were remanded to police custody till February 10 by a metropolitan court on Tuesday. The crime branch has handed over the custody of the duo- Firoz Ayub Memon alias Papa and Firoz Mohamed Zuber- to the Borivali GRP in whose jurisdiction the acid attack had taken place on January 31.\"Memon and Zuber worked as extras on film sets along with Pintoo Shaikh, who was arrested on February 1 for plotting the attack. Pintoo's mother, Manju, is the prime conspirator and was held last week,\" senior inspector PM Karyakarte said. When Zuber and Memon did not find work on film sets, they worked as mechanics.Zuber told the police that he had purchased acid from a chemical factory located near Inorbit mall in Malad west. Both, Memon and Zuber, are residents of Malwani. Memon has confessed to attacking Aarti on two occasions earlier- in Malwani and in Nala Sopara. But there are no past criminal cases registered against him or Zuber.Memon has admitted that Pintoo and Manju had hired him for throwing acid on Aarti, as she had refused to marry Pintoo. Memon was paid a supari of Rs 40,000. But the GRP believe there's more to the case than meets the eye. \"We are trying to find out why Manju wanted to harm Aarti so despearately that she plotted three attacks on the girl. We are in the process of collecting strong evidences,\" a GRP official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11801725", "title": "From Friday, pay Rs 25 on return from BIA", "text": "BANGALORE: Get ready to pay a toll from Friday if you are visiting Bengaluru International Airport (BIA). The money - Rs 25 - will be collected on your return from the airport.The National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) has made it clear that people going towards Devanahalli on Hyderabad road will also pay a toll, though less than the fee BIA travellers will have to shell out.NHAI project director R K Gupta informed TOI on Tuesday that the rule has been modified for airport travellers. \"We will not force commuters to pay while going towards the airport; they can pay on their return to the city. This will cost them Rs 25 instead of Rs 40 .\"There will be one eight-lane toll plaza at Sadahalli, 500 meters before the road forks towards BIA and Devanahalli ; one seven-lane toll booth under the airport flyover; and a one-lane toll plaza 2 km away only for heavy trucks and carriage vehicles moving to and from Hyderabad.The eight-lane toll plaza will have one cashless lane on either side. Here, vehicles fitted with on-board units (OBUs) will be automatically detected and allowed through the gates. The toll will be deducted through a prepaid system as soon as a transponder detects the OBU fitted behind the windscreen of the vehicle.Toll has commuters, taxi owners fuming.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11805078", "title": "Nikitha to act with Jayaram", "text": "It looks like actor Nikitha Thukral has her plate full these days.The actress, who has been juggling Tamil, Kannada and Telugu films, is all set to add a Malayalam film in her juggling act. The Saroja girl is all set to play the female lead in the movie Mantrikan, opposite Jayaram.This film is from the same makers of the runaway hit Beautiful. The film will also have Innocent and Jagathy playing important roles. The film is scheduled to take off later this month, and will be shot in and around Coorg in Karnataka. This will be Jayaram's second continuous film with a beauty who dazzles Tamil, Telugu and Kannada screens.He's currently shooting for Thiruvambadi Thampan, in which he plays the role of an elephant contractor. Coincidentally, the heroine of that film is Nikitha's Muran co-star Haripriya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "aggar nagar", "code": "11801826", "title": "At 54, he is game for TT", "text": "AGGAR NAGAR: He has won many medals in his youthful days and now Sanjeev Sood, 54, is ready for another challenge, the national veteran table tennis (TT) championship that would be held at Gangtok, Sikkim, from February 20.Banker by profession, Sanjeev was fascinated by table tennis from childhood days and started playing in the year 1972. He said he started practicing at Shastri Hall of Guru Nanak Dev Stadium and participated in many state and national level table tennis competitions. There are many highs of Sanjeev Sood's career. He has participated in 25 national level competitions and in 1978, beat the national champion in a game that was played at Shimla, Himachal Pradesh. He has won many national level championships, was selected for Asian games in 1982 but unfortunately could not make his place in the final squad. But it proved to be a learning experience.Sanjeev said he has also represented his bank in national level table tennis tournament and for last few years, has been participating in veteran championships and won medals too. In 2011, he won three bronze medals in the national veteran championship that was held at New Delhi and in 2004, won a gold medal in Chandigarh.Seven times state table tennis champion, Sanjeev said table tennis is his lifeline. He practices religiously to maintain the body fitness for the game. He feels the city needs much more before it can boast of a good infrastructure. \"There is a need to upgrade the infrastructure and sport authorities should do more to promote the game here,\" said Sanjeev.He is very hopeful of winning a medal in this veteran championship. His coach, Suresh Sharma shares his techniques with him while playing practice matches with Sanjeev.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11801633", "title": "Rain may hit voters\u2019 turnout in Phase 1", "text": "LUCKNOW: Rain and thundershowers might dampen voter turnout in 10 districts of the state, which go to poll in the first phase of assembly election on Wednesday. The weatherman predicted light to moderate rainfall in central UP, the area going to poll, during next 24 hours. In fact, many parts of west and central UP including Lucknow received light to moderate rains on Tuesday.State Met director JP Gupta, who had predicted rainfall on February 7-8 last week itself, said that the change in the weather condition has been because of the western disturbance (WD) over Himalayan region. \"The WD is moving forward and would cause heavy rains in the hills of Uttarakhand and Nepal bordering UP. In UP the rainfall due to WD would be only light to moderate. The impact of the WD is expected to be more in central parts of the state. The east and west UP are expected to receive rains only at few places. WD has changed the wind pattern and is responsible for the moisture incursion in the atmosphere over the state, which is precipitating in the form of rains,\" Gupta said.The people in the state capital woke up to cloudy sky. The temperature came down during the day due to clouds. The rainfall in afternoon brought back the chill in the atmosphere. Thundershowers also occurred in the evening. However, the night temperature shot up due to cloudy sky. The maximum temperature during the day was 23 degrees Celsius, a degree below normal, while the minimum temperature was 10.6 degrees Celsius, two degrees above normal. The cloudy sky prevented direct penetration of sunrays leading to drop in maximum temperature during the day, but the same cloud cover prevented ground heat from escaping into the atmosphere, leading to rise in the minimum temperature. Similar weather is expected to prevail in the city on Wednesday.According to reports reaching state Met headquarters at Amausi, thundershowers and light to moderate rains were reported from many places including Kanpur, Unnao, Rae Bareli, Fatehpur and Hardoi. The minimum temperatures were on an average 2-4 degrees above normal and day temperatures were 1-3 degrees below normal in most parts of the state on Tuesday. While Najibabad recorded 5.0 degrees Celsius, Agra recorded 7.8 degrees Celsius, Aligarh recorded 9.4 degrees Celsius, Shahjahanpur 10.2 degrees Celsius, Banda 10.6 degrees Celsius, Sultanpur 11 degrees Celsius, Ghazipur 11.5 degrees Celsius, Gorakhpur 11.8 degrees Celsius, Varanasi 13 degrees Celsius and Allahabad 13.8 degrees Celsius.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11805144", "title": "Kareena Kapoor is not pregnant", "text": "Speculations about Kareena Kapoor's pregnancy have turned out to be baseless rumours.Just recently the paparazzi clicked an apparently plump picture of Kareena Kapoor while she was making an exit from the airport and news channels went haywire with speculations on whether Bebo was pregnant.As it turns out, these all are just baseless rumours coming from idle minds working overtime. While allegedly Kareena Kapoor was much amused about the news but chose to maintain stoic silence over it, sources close to the actress confirm that there is no truth to these speculations and perhaps the pictures were clicked from an improper angle.What added fuel to the speculations was that Kareena was covering her belly with a shawl giving gossipmongers an excuse to say that she was making an attempt to hide her baby bump.All these rumours will come to rest once Kareena Kapoor restarts shooting for Madhur Bhandarkar's Heroine by February end. We guess Bhandarkar would be the happiest person to know that the speculations were baseless. He wouldn't have wanted another pregnancy to stop his ambitious project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11800877", "title": "Transferred ticket travel to entail fine", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Travelling on Shatabdi Express on a transferred ticket will entail punitive action from February 15, as passengers will be required to show government-issued photo ID cards when travelling with an AC I, II or III ticket.The new directive aims at checking unauthorized travel on transferred train tickets purchased from touts. At present, only electronic and tatkal tickets require photo ID. The new rule will also extend to passengers travelling with tickets purchased in person from reservation counters.Chandigarh railway station superintendent Praveen Kumar said, \"The AC compartment passengers will have to carry photo-ID cards and show these to ticket examiner. This will discourage travelling on transferred train tickets bought from touts.\"\"It will check unauthorized use of train travel since every ticket will be booked with government-sanctioned photo ID. Violation of the new rule might entail a stiff fine as well as debarring the culprit from traveling on Indian Railways train for a minimum of three months,\" he added.Kumar said, \"A few months ago, all zonal railways were asked to give their feedback on the new rule as well as possible impact on passengers and feasibility. In response, 11 of the 14 zonal railways favoured the move, while some thought it should be started in a phased manner or on trial basis. The railways board gave the final go-ahead last week and we expect that passengers will welcome the move.\"Though non-AC travelers have been kept out of the new policy's ambit, photo ID decision is expected to be widened soon, so that every passenger on board a train travels with a valid government-issued identity card.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11800558", "title": "Chapekar flyover dangerous for motorists", "text": "PUNE: The new flyover at Chapekar chowk in Chinchwadgaon has helped ease congestion but at the same time it has proved to be an accident-prone site. In a latest, two trucks collided head on causing serious injuries to one of the drivers.The 910 meter-long flyover has only two lanes which connects Thergaon to the old Pune-Mumbai highway. There is no median (road divider) on the narrow flyover that has a width of just 8.77 metres. The flyover was opened recently after a delay in construction for three years, during which the residents faced inconvenience.Rajendra Bhamre, assistant commissioner of police (traffic), termed overspeeding as one of the reasons for accidents here. The traffic branch has suggested the PCMC to put up speed breakers, he said.\"Motorists need to control speed because the flyover has just two lanes which are very narrow. Speed breakers are needed 15 metres before the flyover begins on both sides. We also suggest road dividers on approach roads to the flyover to segregate vehicles,\" he said.Bhamre ruled out the possibility of implementing one-way traffic on the flyover. \"If it is made a one-way then it will increase traffic on the road below. Instead, the traffic branch will suggest the civic body to develop a bigger traffic island below the flyover at Chapekar chowk.\"Residents also spoke about the need for road safety measures on the flyover and the approach roads. Rajiv Shinde, a resident of Chinchwad, said a median on the flyover is a necessity. Satish Jadhav, a resident of Chinchwad, said that more speed breakers are needed to reduce overspeeding. Amit Naik said, \"The flyover has reduced travel time between Chinchwad and Thergaon. The motorists should maintain self-discipline to avoid accidents.\"Makrand Nikam, executive engineer, engineering department, PCMC, said, \"The width of the flyover is sufficient for a two-way traffic. We cannot construct a road divider as it will reduce the carriage width available for vehicles.\"\"The civic body has put up signs directing people not to exceed the speed limit of 30 km per hour. If we put speed breakers, heavy vehicles will not be able to drive on the flyover smoothly, resulting in traffic snarls. The best solution is that motorists do not exceed the speed limit,\" said Nikam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11805410", "title": "Remya Nambeesan on a singing spree!", "text": "Malarvady Arts Club composer Shaan Rahman is all praise for actress Remya Nambeesan, who crooned for him in his next to be directed by Vineeth Sreenivasan.Tentatively titled Thattathin Marayathu, the film is Remya's third outing in playback singing in Mollywood.Says Shaan, \"The song I recorded with Remya is a slow number and she has rendered it amazingly. She comes from a family with a musical background and is an amazing singer, versatile to the core. I'm glad she is part of the project.\" Remya's brother, Rahul Subramanian, has also sung in the film. The actress has already sung in films including Ivan Megharoopan and Amal Neerad's next, Bachelor Party.Shaan, who has composed eight tracks for the film, says all the songs are slow numbers that gel well with the situation they are placed in. \"Vineeth and I ensured that the songs were never a misfit created just for some choreography effects in the film,\" he says. Besides Remya and Rahul, the singers on board comprise Sachin Warrier, Arun Alat, Divya S Menon and the director himself. Thattathin Marayathu will start its shoot on the first week of March. \"We are also mulling the inclusion of an English song as a bonus track,\" Shaan informs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11802703", "title": "Jilted gay lover ends life in bridal finery", "text": "BHOPAL: Despondent over social pressure on his partner to get married, an 18-year-old homosexual youth who was in a live-in relationship committed suicide in bridal finery, in a village in Narsinghpur district in the wee hours of Sunday.The rest of the village was busy attending a wedding in a neighbouring hamlet when Gudda, the young dancer in a Ramayan 'mandli', locked himself in and started dressing-up like a bride. He wore a red saree complete with matching jewellery, a 'bindi', used lipstick and make-up, and wrote the name of his lover on his forehead, before allegedly hanging himself in the cowshed of a neighbour.Gudda and his lover had been staying together there for the past three years.No suicide note foundResidents of Muwar village, 50 km from Narsinghpur town, returned after the wedding in Baraiyyakheda village to find the youth hanging from the ceiling of the cowshed. No suicide note was found. All that the police recovered was the name of Rajesh Rajak inked with a red pen on the dead boy's forehead.Speaking to TOI, superintendent of police Narsinghpur G D Pandey said, \"The youth committed suicide and we do not suspect any foul play. But the case is still under investigation.''Police said that Rajesh Rajak (27) was the tabla player in the \"bhajan mandli\" which travelled all over central Madhya Pradesh and play-acted the Ramayana. Gudda was the dancer in the same drama company. They started living together in Muwar village and villagers knew of their relationship.Trouble started after Rajesh's family started objecting to their affair. In January, Rajak's family gave him the ultimatum to leave Gudda and get married to a girl. The marriage was fixed for February and Rajesh told Gudda of his decision to leave him. This set off an altercation between them and Rajesh abandoned Gudda on January 30, leaving the village.For the next four days, Gudda did not step out of the house that he shared with Rajesh. On Saturday, the entire village was invited to go for the wedding in Baraiyyakheda. Gudda hoped to find Rajesh there, but in vain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11800461", "title": "South Goa collector, North Goa SP replaced", "text": "PANAJI: The election commission of India (EC) has directed that the South Goa collector Sandeep Jacques be replaced as collector and district election officer for South Goa, joint chief electoral officer N S Navti said on Tuesday.Briefing the media, Navti said that although the election commission did not receive any complaint against Jacques, they took cognizance of the fact that he was officer-on-special-duty to chief minister Digambar Kamat just before he was posted as South Goa collector. He will be replaced with director of municipal administration Daulat Hawaldar, who has recently been elevated to IAS rank, Navti said.Similarly, North Goa superintendent of police Waman Tari has been replaced by Vijay Singh (superintendent of police, traffic). Navti said that there was no complaint against Tari, but that some recommendation was made to the EC to have an Indian police service (IPS) officer in that position.Navti also said that income tax authorities had seized 26 lakh at the Dabolim airport from a Sawantwadi native on January 19. Income tax officials are probing whether the money is election-related or not. Navti said that anyone carrying more than 2.5 lakh has to declare the amount with proper accounts to the authorities.Meanwhile, the report of the returning officer for Aldona constituency regarding the allegations against Aldona MLA Dayanand Narvekar has been submitted to the office of the chief electoral officer. Narvekar was accused of violating the election code of conduct by allegedly distributing sports kits to sports clubs and even cheques.On the election commission's request, the election authorities in Goa have found out that 130 sports clubs are members of the Goa cricket association out of which, kits were given to 71 clubs. From the 130 clubs, only nine are in Aldona constituency and from the 71 clubs that were given kits, only two clubs were from Aldona constituency. The value of each kit is about 35,000. The returning officer has also found out that no cheques were distributed as alleged. These details will be forwarded to the election commission.Navti also informed that 31 para-military units will arrive in Goa after the filing of nominations is completed to ensure law and order. Besides, election authorities will also utilize the 3600-strong police force available in Goa for election duty.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "11800680", "title": "MMC vice-chairperson to be elected today", "text": "VASCO: The third vice-chairperson for this term of the Mormugao Municipal Council (MMC) will be elected by the council at 11am on Wednesday.Sources said that so far, only Krishna Salkar alias Daji from the ruling panel has filed his nomination for the vacant post. No nomination from the opposition has been filed.On January 10, councillor Nitin Chopdekar resigned as vice-chairperson after a mutual understanding to make way for a new face. After the resignation was accepted by the director of municipal administration, a meeting to elect the new vice-charperson was fixed for February 8.The meeting will be presided over by N S Navti, the chief officer of the Margao Municipal Council.Manish Arolkar was the MMC vice-chairperson before Chopdekar took over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11801951", "title": "Partial ban on heavy vehicles on Gandhi Setu for four days", "text": "PATNA: Movement of vehicles has been banned on Mahatma Gandhi Setu from both sides from February 18 to 21 from 11pm to 5am, said Vaishali DM Prem Singh Meena on Tuesday.Meena said this is the third time when this ban has been imposed as maintenance works are going on the bridge. He said this has been done at the instruction of road construction department (RCD). There would be complete ban on the movement of heavy vehicles on the setu during the period, he said and added that no ban has been clamped on essential services including ambulances and vehicles carrying newspapers. A magistrate with adequate number of police would be deployed on the setu during the period, the DM added.Official sources said that separate letters have been sent to SP, district transport officer and DPRO of Vaishali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11799161", "title": "GTU asks GIET to fill up vacant posts by April", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Technological University (GTU) has given time to Prantij-based Gujarat Institute of Engineering and Technology (GIET) till April, 2012, to recruit adequate staff and set up required infrastructure.GU vice-chancellor A K Aggrawal said that if the college fails to adhere to do so the rules and regulations and admit adequate staff till April then the university will then be forced to put the name of the college in the 'No admission list'.Aggrawal added that the college authorities were pulled up for charging Rs 8,000 extra towards fee. \"College officials have accepted the violation and have agreed to repay the money they overcharged,\" the VC said.GIET was in news last week after the students of the college came to GU and complained about non-existent staff and infrastructure at the institute.An expert committee of GTU officials had carried out a surprise check to look into the complaint of non-existent staff and infrastructure in GIET. The committee, in its report presented to GTU, pointed out that the college had a shortfall of 50 per cent in teaching staff. Also, no practical classes were conducted in the institute as there were no instruments available.Ironically, it turned out that the local inquiry committee of GTU had highlighted the violations last year, but no action was taken on the report. Suitably embarrassed, the GTU authorities have now decided to pursue the case strictly and hence have allotted time till April for the college authorities to pull its act together.Officials said GTU after getting the report will decide whether to recommend to the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) to cancel the recognition of the institute or for the next academic session. GTU might decrease the capacity of the college towards student intake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11801855", "title": "300 WRD engineers shifted", "text": "PATNA: The water resources department to tone up working has shuffled about 300 engineers, including three chief engineers, 17 superintending engineers, 49 executive engineers and 219 assistant engineers. A notification to this effect has already been issued on Tuesday. An official release said the transferred engineers have been directed to assume their duties at the new places at the earliest. The release said they have been shifted due to administrative reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "11799519", "title": "Power-ful Gujarat seeks Centre's help", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: It is not just surplus solar power beyond a certain cap being produced in Gujarat that the state government wants the Government of India (GoI) to buy up as it \"cannot be utilized\" at home.Well-placed Sachivalaya sources now say, the state government has lately moved an application to the GoI to buy up and sell surplus power to the tune of 1,100 MW, lying unutilized at the state's gas-based power plants. \"We want the GoI to take it and sell it to other, power-starved states\", a senior official said.Giving the list of unutilized power, the official said, it consists of Gujarat State Electricity Corporation's (GSEC's) 350 MW at Utran, Gujarat State Energy Generation's (GSEG) 156 MW at Hazira, China Light and Power-owned Gujarat Paguthan Energy Corporation's 220 MW, and Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation-sponsored Pipavav Power Plant's 350 MW.\"Two of these plants are ready to produce, one at Utran and another at Pipavav, yet they have not begun to utilize their capacities because of high international price of gas, which makes it uneconomical for them to produce power\", the official said, adding, \"We want the GoI to either buy up the power which can be produced in the state or provide subsidized gas.\"Officials have estimated that the cost of power produced in gas-based plants comes to between Rs 5 and 6 per unit, as the international gas prices have reached 14 dollars per MMBTU, the international standard for measuring gas, as against 10 dollars only a month ago.\"We signed up power purchase agreements (PPAs) with the gas-based plants to buy up power between Rs 3 and 4. While the plants' capacities are lying idle, we have to pay the amount under PPA agreements, causing a loss of Rs 1 crore daily\", the official underlined.The high surplus of 1,100 MW out of nearly 13,000 MW of power capacity in Gujarat continues even though lately there is spurt in demand for power in the state. \"The demand for power for industry has gone up from 55 million units (MUs) a day to 60 MUs, and that of agriculture from 50 MUs to 59 MUs. \"The total demand is 177 MUs as of today as against 155 MUs a month ago\", the official said.The Tata Power has readied itself to commission the first phase of the Ultra Mega Power Plant (UMPP) next week. Officials in the state energy department said, Tata Power executives held a high-level meeting with state energy secretary D Jagatheesa Pandian on Monday, telling him about the decision to commission plant's first phase with a capacity of 800 MW. \"They told Pandian that the second phase, also of 800 MW, will be ready for commissioning by August this year\", the sources added. Significantly, Gujarat will get 40 per cent of the power being produced at the UMPP, which will be of 4,000 MW when fully completed.Meanwhile, the state government is said to have agreed to a proposal of Tata Power to renegotiate power purchase agreement (PPA) for a higher price under certain conditions. \"Tata Power proposes to sell power to other states as well. The Centre should initiate a discussion for new PPAs with all states, including Gujarat, with whom Tata Power had signed up agreements. But we will not revise our PPA unilaterally\", the sources said. The PPA with Gujarat obliges Tata Power to sell power to the state government for Rs 2.65 per unit. A sharp rise in the cost of imported gas from Indonesia has made Tata Power to request for an upward revision in PPA to the tune of Rs 3.50 per unit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11802296", "title": "Cattle rescued from overloaded truck", "text": "CHENNAI: Animal welfare activists and police rescued 26 buffaloes and two bulls that were being transported for slaughter from Andhra Pradesh to Kerala on Tuesday evening.Chinny Krishna, vice-chairman of the Animal Welfare Board of India, was en route to Chengelpet when he spotted a truck overloaded with cattle. \"I tried stopping the vehicle at the Chengalpet toll gate but they got away,\" said Krishna.He followed the truck as the driver took it off the highway into a wooded area and threw them out of the lorry. \"There were 33 buffaloes, including two pregnant buffaloes, a lactating mother and a calf, as well as two bulls. They were in terrible shape as they were without food and water,\" said Krishna, who alerted the highway patrol and Blue Cross. The animals were rounded up by Blue Cross officials.\"We recovered 26 buffaloes and two bulls but the other animals ran away,\" said sub-inspector P Mani, who works with the highway patrol.The animals were crammed into one truck in violation of the provisions of the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act, 1960, the Transport of Animals Rules, 1978, and the Indian Penal Code. \"As per the transport rules, a truck can carry six animals as a cow or bull needs two square metres of space,\" says Krishna. \"But we find overloaded trucks carrying cattle nearly every day on NH45 and NH4.\"Dawn Williams, general manager of Blue Cross, has filed a complaint with the Chengalpet taluk police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11801542", "title": "Man drags cops, RTO to court over power to suspend licence", "text": "CHENNAI: A car owner, whose driving licence was suspended by a regional transport officer (RTO) after it was involved in a road accident, has dragged the investigating police as well as transport officials to court, saying they had no power to suspend licence.In the event of a road accident, the police should not mechanically seize and forward the original driving licence of a driver to the RTO for suspension of licence. Instead, he shall submit it to the jurisdictional judicial magistrate, who alone is competent to take a decision on the matter, as per Section 206(2) of the Motor Vehicles Act, the petition filed by S G Lokesh Kumar of Anna Nagar West Extension said.Advocate V S Suresh, counsel for the petitioner, submitted that on July 31, 2011 two drunk youths, riding a bike in a rash manner, dashed against Lokesh Kumar's car. After a youth died in the incident, Lokesh Kumar lodged a complaint with the Abiramapuram police and also submitted his driving licence. Instead of probing the matter thoroughly, the police sent the licence to the RTO who suspended it for six months. An appeal against the suspension too was rejected.Unable to use any vehicle in the absence of a valid licence, Lokesh filed the present petition. He said that as per the MV Act as well as a division bench order of the court, a licence-holder should be given opportunity before any decision is taken by the authority concerned, and reasons should be recorded in writing. Suresh wanted the court quash the suspension of the licence.Justice M Janchandren, before whom the matter came up for admission on Tuesday, asked the government to submit its response by next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11802130", "title": "Smacking kids leads to long-term harm: Study", "text": "Smacking and other violent forms of discipline are likely to be harmful to the long-term development of children, a study into the effects of physical punishment has claimed. Campaigners said the findings, based on analysis of two decades of research, showed it was time for the government to yield to international pressure and ban smacking in Britain.As well as making children more aggressive towards parents and siblings - and later in life towards their peers and spouses - the Canadian study found that physical sanctions can lead to increased levels of anti-social behaviour. Smacking can also cause depression, anxiety and drugs and alcohol abuse, the study claimed.The findings come after former labour education minister David Lammy suggested that curbs on traditional discipline might have contributed towards the social breakdown witnessed during last summer's riots. -The Independent", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "11801012", "title": "Japanese performs Hindu rituals for parents' moksha", "text": "MANDYA: Chihako, a 45-year-old woman from Japan's Sagamihar city, flew into Bangalore and then drove to the holy city of Srirangapatna on Monday to perform 'pitru tarpan' (a Hindu ritual performed for ancestors) in the holy river, Cauvery, to get moksha or salvation for her deceased parents.She, along with her relatives, performed various Hindu rituals such as moksha narayan, pinda pradan for the salvation of the departed souls of her father Kuzuhanko and mother Miyama, who died in an earthquake.In what could be another testimony of how Hindu texts are attracting the foreigners, Chihako said that she performed 'pitru tarpan' for the sake of her parents, who died 20 years ago. Under the guidance of an astrologer, Bhanuprakash Sharma, Chihako and her relatives, Mimiko, Sadaho took bath in the Cauvery water and performed poojas. Then she offered 'pitru tarpan' (offering holy water to god, sages and to ancestors' soul in order to appease them). She then offered 'pinda' (offering of a ball of rice and grass to her ancestors).\"I was so saddened by the untimely death of my parents in an earthquake. Since then, I have been facing many problems in life and often saw my parents in the form of ghosts in my dreams. I always feel guilty because I haven't done anything worthy for my parents during their lifetime or after their death. In search for peace of mind, I decided to help my parents to get moksha. A few people in Puttaparti asked me to perform this ritual in the holy river of Cauvery in Srirangapatna. I am so impressed about these rituals and came here perform them,\" she added.When asked how she believed in Hindu texts, being as a Buddhist, Chihako said she believes in astrology and was asked to perform 'pinda pradan' rituals by Indian astrologers. \"Hindu religion is one of the oldest religions of the universe. I firmly believe inHinduism and I'm satisfied with the belief that my parents will get moksha,\" she said.Bhanuprakash Sharma said he performed 'pitru pradan' ritual for Chihako on Monday, which happened to be 'Magha Shudda Hunnnime', an auspicious day for conducting such rituals. \"She expressed her deep gratitude towards Hinduism, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11795027", "title": "Shah Rukh Khan, Gauri walk the elegant path", "text": "The last month or so hasn't been a smooth ride in the Khan household.After all there were talks about Shah Rukh Khan and Priyanka Chopra's 'close friendship' upsetting SRK's wife, Gauri Khan, and disturbing the perfect balance in the Khan residence.As if that wasn't enough, Neelam Kothari was brought into the picture with Priyanka Chopra allegdely accusing her for spreading the rumours, and filling Gauri's ears. However, what we applaud is the dignified silence that SRK and Gauri maintained in their seemingly difficult time.Gauri accompanied Shah Rukh when she had to, with a smile on her face and graceful in her demeanour displayed a confidence of much security. Shah Rukh, on the other hand, played his part, well, too, even while interacting with Priyanka Chopra. There was no awkwardness of any kind, and the matter was well taken care.We are told that Shah Rukh and Gauri have sorted out their differences, and SRK - the doting father that he is - has managed to save his tag of being the 'perfect family man', one that he carries with much pride!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11800854", "title": "Hike parking fee fivefold: Master plan committee", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even as the municipal corporation (MC) is reluctant to increase parking fee in the city, the master plan committee has recommended a four to five times hike in the charge to discourage people from using personal vehicles.Concerned over a large number of private vehicles on the city roads, the administration already plans to introduce a system wherein residents will have to show sufficient parking space at their houses before getting their new vehicles registered. The proposal has been prepared after much deliberations by various UT departments and will be discussed in a meeting of UT administrator's advisory council on February 9.The issue of increasing the parking fee manifold was discussed during the 21st meeting of the master plan committee held for preparing and finalizing the city's master plan. According to the draft master plan of the city, a copy of which is available with the TOI, the committee formed to prepare it has suggested substantial hike in the parking fees levied at all the parking areas to deal with burgeoning traffic.While disapproving of the intensive use of cars inside sectors, the panel has also strongly advocated that bicycles should be encouraged. It has also proposed that special cycle tracks along green belts must be promoted, as these would not only provide a safe ride to cyclist, but also give them a visual treat. It has also been recommended that pedestrian paths and pavements should not be compromised with while widening road.MC has been sitting on increasing the parking fee due to \"political compulsions\". After the new house was elected, there was a move to bring in the agenda in the first House meeting next month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11801911", "title": "Cable cut affects phone service", "text": "PATNA: Cable cut due to use of JCB machine in an underground drain by the road construction department snapped link of around 200 landline phones of the BSNL, 10 lease lines and two hotlines in busy airport area, Kautilyanagar, Legislators' Colony and BMP areas on Tuesday.According to a BSNL release, due to use of JCB machine during construction work by the road construction department agency, a cable of 400 pairs and other cables of 200 pairs and 100 pairs near Veterinary College exchange were cut. The BSNL claimed that the affected phone lines, leaselines and hotlines would be restored in two days. The BSNL urged the road construction department to get its works near phone cables done manually and not through the JCB machine which always damage and cut the phone cables. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11799767", "title": "DUTA begins 4-day protest", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University Teachers' Association (DUTA) started its four-day college-wise agitation on Tuesday to protest against issues like poor service conditions, the 'marks scam' in semester exams and the pendency of the higher education bill in the Parliament.On the first day, teachers of Dault Ram College, Hans Raj College, SGTB Khalsa College, KMC, Miranda House, St. Stephens' College, Hindu College and SRCC among others, staged dharnas in their respective colleges and interacted with the students. However, classes were not suspended.The teachers alleged that the DU authorities refused to address issues raised by them. The then vice- chancellor bypassed statutory bodies like the Academic and Executive Councils and used 'Emergency Powers' to put in place the 13 science courses in 2010.In its appeal to students and parents to join the cause, DUTA alleged that the semester experience has confirmed its worst fears about severe academic dilution with an adverse effect on teaching processes. Teachers are being forced to instruct students through modules that do not allow them the time to engage with different students.; nor do these modules allow teachers to communicate a sense of fundamentals and depth of any academic discipline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11800082", "title": "RTU plans to make students job ready", "text": "JAIPUR: With an aim to produce well-groomed engineers, Rajasthan Technical University (RTU) has decided to introduce compulsory workshops and seminars on communication skills and professional ethics to sensitize students about global working standards.RTU has 150 engineering colleges affiliated to it with an intake capacity of over 50,000 students. Almost half of these students come from Hindi medium background and, thus, fall short on soft skills.\"Spoken and written English coupled with professional demeanor are pre-requisites for a successful career. Our students are no doubt performing well but falling short on soft skills is hampering their bright prospects,\" said RP Yadav, vice chancellor, RTU.RTU has taken feedback from prominent recruiters on students graduating from RTU colleges. They suggested the university sensitize students on etiquettes, cultural sensibilities, accountability, team spirit, etc. values. Sometimes students fail to understand 'cultural sensibilities' while working in a globalised environment, they must be trained so that they can conduct themselves well in such situations.Ripudaman Magon, associate vice president, HCL Infosystems, a major recruiter of RTU students, calls it a 'path- breaking decision.' \"Every year our company recruits hundreds of students, many of them lack professional ethics. This decision would make the students job ready,\" added Singh.To ensure that the compulsory training module on communication and professional ethics in the first year does not put too much burden on students, the university is reducing the number of subjects in the first and second semesters from 6 to 5 in the coming session.Another major decision to ease the pressure on students would be shifting of tougher courses from the first and second semesters to the next one. The university has identified subjects which the students find difficult to clear in the first semester and will shift them to the next semester. Computer fundamentals and computer programming have been moved to the next year as 10 out of 2 students flunked the exam this year.Similar model will be in place for all management colleges in the future.RTU's convocation ceremony on Feb 25Rajasthan Technical University will be holding its third convocation ceremony on February 25 in its campus in Kota. Students who have passed out in years 2009-10 and 2010-11 will be awarded degrees at the event. \"University will award degrees to top five students from every branch in the ceremony,\" said RP Yadav, vice-chancellor, RTU. Students who have passed out in 2009-10 (18,000 students) and 2010-11 (25,000 students) will get degrees from their respective colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11801088", "title": "Cooking gas woes plague consumers", "text": "TRICHY: Around 150 cooking gas consumers in Manapparai took to the streets on Tuesday morning, demanding that the system of online gas booking be scrapped as the new system had led to a lot of irregularities. They alleged that the bookings were not honoured in the name of consumers who booked it, and more often than not, it was delivered to the wrong address.The impromptu agitation was sparked when a Kallaathupatti customer complained that at a time when he was expecting his gas delivery, the dealer replied that he had not booked it in the first place. It later transpired that his online booking had been registered in a Dindigul agency. The agitation in front of a HP dealer on the Manapparai-Dindigul Road was more directed at the erratic online gas booking system than for delayed supply of gas refills.According to the new system introduced last September, customers could call a single number across the state to book gas refills. The customer would then get a real time booking number from an Interactive Voice Recognition Software ( IVRS). But the initiative did not go down well in the predominantly rural Manapparai belt who clamoured for the old practice of manual booking done by the showroom staff. They said they were even ready to make numerous visits to the dealer to do the booking as it was foolproof.The consumers' displeasure was also directed at the erratic supply of LPG cylinders at a time when oil companies claimed there was no shortage in supply of cooking gas. Consumers charged that cooking gas was also being sold in the black market for a premium. For instance,a 14 kg cylinder costing Rs 316.14 and a 19 kg cylinder priced at Rs 1,050 for commercial use was sold in the open market for triple that price. The gas cylinders were also diverted to Omni vans by some notorious elements from time to time, they alleged. The inordinate delay in the supply had also triggered suspicion among consumers that it was a methodically created artificial shortage by dealers and that the online booking was only a ruse to divert attention.Later, a meeting was organised in the office of the Manapparai Tashildar Periyasamy and it was resolved that the gas dealers would appoint a person to create awareness about the new system of online booking. The local panchayat leaders and councillors were also asked to play a pivotal role in clearing misconceptions about the system.A few people questioned the prevailing order of oil companies that a consumer has to wait for at least 21 days after the date of last supply to book for a refill, while some others claimed they had obtained through RTI replies from oil companies that \"one can book for a refill at any time,\" as there was no shortage. Talking about the theft of filled gas cylinders from homes, a consumer demanded that every cylinder must be assigned a serial identification number, the absence of which makes it difficult to make police complaints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11801508", "title": "801 kids rescued from railway stations", "text": "HYDERABAD: Government Railway Police (GRP) have rescued 576 boys and 225 girls from various railway stations in the state in 2011.Additional director general (Railways) V S K Kaumudi, in an official release issued here on Tuesday, said besides the children, five women and 16 beggars were also rescued. Of the total people rescued, 750 were from various railway stations in Hyderabad.\"In one case, a two-year-old girl was found abandoned in the washroom of Tungabhadra Express in Secunderabad on September 22, 2011. The girl was later shifted to Shishu Vihar. Her mother identified the child's photo flashed by the media and went to Shishu Vihar to take the baby,\" Kaumudi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11802264", "title": "Man gets 1-yr RI for cheating woman", "text": "CHENNAI: A 26-year-old man has been sentenced to a year of rigorous imprisonment and a fine of Rs 25,000 for cheating a woman by exploiting her on the promise of marrying her but failing to keep his word. R Sethumadhavan, sessions judge, women's court, ordered that a sum of Rs 20,000 from the fine amount be awarded as compensation to the victim. Gowri Ashokan, additional public prosecutor, represented the state.Vijaya Kumari, now 23 years, had lodged a complaint against F Deva alias Devaraj at the all women police station at Vepery. The victim said she was an orphan who was brought up by her aunts. When a dispute arose between them, she moved to live with her maternal relative Kannamal. She had worked as a domestic help in Deva's house under his mother Indira's supervision and lived with them during 2006- 2007.She said Deva had pursued her for a year and the duo began a relationship. They became physically intimate as Deva promised to marry her. She was dismissed from her job when his mother found out about their relationship. On September 14, 2007, when she asked Deva to marry her, he refused. The issue was taken to the village panchayat president who questioned Deva about it. He disclosed then that he had never intended to marry her. She filed a case and he was arrested on October 24, 2007.Passing orders, the judge said the entire evidence pointed out that he had the intention of deceiving the woman from the beginning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "11802255", "title": "ASI killed, constable injured as truck rams PCR", "text": "AMBALA: An assistant sub-inspector with Haryana Police was killed and a constable critically injured when a dumper rammed a PCR vehicle deployed at NH-1 near Ambala Cantt on Sunday night.Police have registered a case against the dumper driver, who fled from the spot immediately after the accident and have launched a hunt to nab him. The deceased cop, identified as Surender Kumar Walia, was a resident of Fatehpur village in Kaithal district, while his colleague, constable Jasmer Singh, has been hospitalized. They were standing at a checkpoint during night patrolling when the incident took place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11800743", "title": "Adult children need parents\u2019 approval to stay with them: Bombay high court", "text": "MUMBAI: Children, after becoming adults, need their parents' permission to stay in their personal property, the Bombay high court has observed. The court was hearing a dispute over a flat between a 73-year-old resident of Dadar Parsi colony and his 35-year-old daughter who he wants kept out of his house.\"It is the responsibility of parents to take care of their minor children, but after children have attained majority, they do not get legal rights to reside in the personal property of their parents,\" said Justice J H Bhatia. \"They can live in the house of the parents only with the consent of their parents and not otherwise.\"The court observed that in the case of daughters, when they get married they become part of the husband's family. \"When a daughter gets married and leaves the house of the father to reside with her husband, she ceases to be a member of the father's family and becomes a member of the family of the husband where she has got certain rights under the law. After marriage when she goes to the house of the parents, legally she is only a guest in the house and does not have a legal right to continue there. She can stay there as long as her parents permit her but she cannot force herself on her parents in the house.\"The court rejected Kashmira Robert Lobo nee Kashmira Soli Batiwala's pleas that she should be recognized as a tenant in the Dadar Parsi Colony flat that was originally in the name of her grandmother.'Tenancy can't be transferred to grandkids'The judge said that since her father, Soli Bahadurji Batiwala, was alive he would be the deemed tenant and her rights would come into effect only after he passed away.\"When the tenant (the grandmother) was living with her children, at the time of her death, her grandchildren cannot be treated as members of her family and the tenancy cannot be deemed to have been transferred ,'' said the judges.The flat which is at the centre of the dispute is located in , Parsi Colony, Dadar (East). The flat belongs to the Parsee Central Association Co-operative Housing Society Ltd and Batiwala's mother was the original tenant. When she passed away in 1980, the tenancy was transferred in the name of Batiwala . Batiwala's daughter married in 1998 and went to live with her husband. Last year, Batiwala moved the city civil court seeking an injunction against his daughter and her husband.He urged the court to restrain his daughter and his son-in-law from interfering in his possession of the property and restrain them from entering or staying in the Parsi Colony flat.Kashmira objected, saying she was a deemed tenant in her grandmother's property and said the matter should be referred to the small causes court, which hears disputes arising out of tenancy matters. The civil court dismissed her application, following which the case came up before the HC.Justice Bhatia said that when Kashmira's grandmother died, her father as the son would be the deemed tenant. \"His daughter, who was just aged about four years at the time of death of her grandmother, could not be deemed a tenant in respect of premises on the death of her grandmother,\" said the judge, adding, \"After the death of the parents, she may have certain rights in their property but during the lifetime of the parents, she cannot claim any right in the property of her parents.\" The court refused to stay the order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11802275", "title": "Corporation asks hosps to register people with diabetes, BP", "text": "CHENNAI: Poor people with diabetes and hypertension will be given free medicines by Chennai Corporation which will also follow up the cases to help prevent complications.A recent corporation survey found at least one in five people in Chennai's slums had high blood pressure and more than one in 10 had diabetes. Public health officials say the survey has reaffirmed the fact that these disorders are no more rich man's ailments. The health department screened people above 30 years in 6,000 families in slums - an average of three people in each family - across the city. Of these, 2,260 were diabetic and 4,020 diagnosed as hypertensive. Studies by private doctors showed that nearly 20% of Chennaiites were diabetic and an equal number had hypertension.The corporation has called all private hospitals to voluntarily register patients with the health department for an online medical and awareness programme. \"Many can't afford management of diabetes and hypertension. For such patients, we will do tests regularly, give free medicines and offer consultations at our dispensaries and government hospitals,\" said chief health officer Dr P Kuganantham. At present, registrations will be made at the zonal offices but soon there will be an online registry, he said.Screening has been extended to all slums in the city, Dr Kuganantham said. Public health experts say the risks and complications of the two disorders were at least three times more in the poor. A major reason is because their daily diet is high on carbohydrates. A majority of people in these areas eat rice distributed free in ration shops. They hardly add an adequate quantity fibre-rich vegetables and fruits or protein rich pulses to their diet. Obesity, smoking and alcoholism also increase risks of diseases like kidney failure, heart diseases and stroke. Diabetologist Dr V Mohan of the Madras Diabetes Research Foundation said a many urban poor had sedentary lifestyles. \"Many in slums now use motorbikes instead of bicycles,\" he said. Government freebies like TVs, mixers and grinders have reduced physical exercises among women.The World Health Organisation and the International Diabetes Federation, among others, have already warned that more than half of new diabetics will be from disadvantaged communities as many of them will not be able to afford cost of treatment.Corporation officials stress urgent steps, including local plans and awareness campaigns to target at-risk groups. \"Already, nearly 60% of people admitted to hospitals have complications of diabetes,\" said Dr Kuganandam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11799554", "title": "Temperature to dip again", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Weather department has warned that cold wave conditions will prevail in the state for two nights beginning from Tuesday. During the day, temperature had already started falling as the maximum temperature in Ahmedabad was recorded at 25.8 degrees, four degrees below normal on Tuesday. The night temperature was recorded at 13 degrees, one degree below normal.Weather officials said that the temperature is expected to fall sharply on Wednesday and it is possible that in certain regions the minimum temperature will dip below ten degrees.The cold wave conditions are due to dry northerly winds prevailing after the western disturbance which passed from the region recently.Director of Indian Meteorology Department (IMD) Gujarat Kamaljit Ray said that this should hopefully be the last cold wave of the winter season. This year, the winter season was markedly cold with at least six cold waves passing through the state mainly over Saurashtra and Kutch. Three cold wave conditions have passed over northern parts of the state.\"Temperatures this winter were either normal or below normal signifying a cold winter season. Generally, there have been years when the temperature during winter in many parts remained above normal but this year cold was experienced\", said weather officials.Naliya recorded minimum temperature in state on Tuesday, 8.8 degrees. Rajkot recorded a temperature of ten degrees at night.These temperatures are expected to fall further on Wednesday. People in the city experienced the dip in temperature on Tuesday as well as the cold winds made them pull out woolens a little tighter around themselves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11800522", "title": "Stop collection of toll, demand social groups", "text": "PUNE: Alleging that there a number of irregularities in the toll collection process at various state roads and highways and that the toll amounts charged are usually high, social organisations have demanded that the state government stop collection of tolls across the state within a month.The groups that have come together to put forth the demands include warkaris led by Bandatatya Karadkar, Krantiveer Prathisthan, the Poona District Motor Goods Transport Association, Nagrik Kruti Manch of Ahmednagar, Shetkari Sanghatna, Sajag Nagrik Manch and Grahak Panchayat.Members of the organisations conducted a vehicle count at the Perne phata toll plaza on the Pune-Ahmednagar highway between January 26 and February 2. The findings said that despite three holidays in that week, the average daily toll collection on the highway was Rs 13 lakh.Vijay Sagar of the Grahak Panchayat said the groups had submitted a memorandum to the state government in November demanding that the toll collection be stopped. Since there was no response, they decided to conduct a vehicle count and track toll collection at one toll plaza.Based on the statistics in the seven-day vehicle count, the organisations will submit a second memorandum to the state government and give them a period of one month to stop collection of toll, Sagar added.The social organisations also said that toll charges in neighbouring states like Karnataka and Gujarat are low and the quality of roads are good. At many places, toll is collected after improving the existing road infrastructure, rather than constructing a new road.Meanwhile, the vehicle count on state roads and highways that are shown every year for an extension of the toll collection contract in the state are incorrect, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11800353", "title": "BJP suspends 12 for rebellion", "text": "PUNE: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) city unit on Tuesday suspended 12 party workers, including former and sitting corporators, for rebelling against the party and putting forth their candidature or that of their wives against the official candidates for the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) election on February 16. The party has, however, kept open the option of taking them back after the election.Suspended corporators include Dilip Umbarkar, a sitting corporator and strong supporter of senior leader Gopinath Munde .Addressing a news conference on Tuesday, city unit chief Vikas Mathkari said, \"We had given a warning to members that they should not contest the election against the official candidates. We had said that action would be taken against them and they would be suspended within 24 hours.\"\"After the appeal, a few members withdrew their candidature. Those who didn't, have been suspended. Ten out of the 12 suspended workers are contesting the election against the official candidates. The remaining two are supporting and campaigning for their wives standing against official BJP candidates,\" he added.Besides Umbarkar, those who have been suspended from the party include former corporators Uday Joshi and Milind Eakbote. The others are Aba Raskar, Kiran Inamdar, Jyoti Inamdar, Balasaheb Dhankawade, Sanjay Kapile, Mohini Kudale, Arjun Jagtap, Dhanajay Joshi and Shobhana Karmalkar.Asked if the party will take back the rebels in case they win, Mathkari did not rule out the possibility. \"We will take a call once the elections results are out.\"Reacting on the rift with alliance partner Shiv Sena for fielding candidates against BJP candidates, Mathkari said senior leaders of both parties are working on the issue. Sena has fielded three candidates in wards allotted to the BJP in the seat-sharing process. \"Talks are on to prevent these Sena candidates from using the official election symbol. These people can also be suspended from their party,\" Mathkari added.BJP has appointed eight leaders in the eight assembly constituencies as observers. These leaders include Girish Bapat (Kasba), Yogesh Gogawale (Hadapsar), Vikas Mathkari (Shivajinagar), Madhuri Misal (Parvati), Pradeep Rawat (Kothrud), Bhimrao Tapkir (Khadakwasla), Anil Shirole (Vadgaon Sheri) and Dilip Kamble (Cantonment).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11801509", "title": "British MP ticks off India on Jarawa issue", "text": "LONDON: A British MP has moved a motion on the Indian government's lack of action against exploitation of the Jarawa tribe in the Andaman islands in the form of \"human safaris\" for tourists.Tory MP Mike Crockart demanded this be debated in the House of Commons. The motion has received support from three other MPs and it won't be surprising if more lawmakers in.The motion reads: \"This House is concerned that tourists in India's Andaman Islands are treating the recently-contacted Jarawa tribe like an attraction in a human safari park; notes the ongoing media storm in India and worldwide caused by the video of Jarawa women being exploited ; further notes that the abuse was carried out on the Andaman Trunk Road ordered to be closed by Supreme Court of India in 2002; expresses concern that the government of India is yet to act on the court's ruling despite the current storm of protest; and calls on the government of India to provide an alternative route and to take immediate action to close the Andaman Trunk Road in compliance with the law.\"While the move was initiated by a Tory MP, the first three MPs to endorse it are Liberal Democrats - part of the ruling coalition. The censure may not be entirely unrelated to the Eurofighter Typhoon aircraft - British Aerospace has a major stake in it - losing a $11 billion Indian Air Force contract; and may even have been instigated by the British government.Two European MEPs, too, raised the matter in Brussels. Sir Graham Watson, chairman of the European parliament's delegation to India called the episode \"a disgrace\" . Julie Girling echoed similar sentiment. That both are British lends credence to the suspicion that UK may be hitting back at India on being denied the multi-role combat aircraft deal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11800966", "title": "Aamir Khan visits Fort Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: On Tuesday, fishermen resting in the Fort Kochi beach watching the sunset had a surprise visitor. The man who alighted from the white Mercedes that pulled over at the beach was none other than Bollywood actor Aamir Khan .With a posse of security personnel and the crew of a national integration documentary as part of 'Incredible India' project, he wished all those present at the beach and walked up to fishermen near the Chinese fishing nets.After observing it, he enquired about the functioning of the net. Meanwhile, the crew set up the camera and other equipment and started filming.Later, the actor joined the six-seven fishermen who were pulling up the net. After the catch came up, he bade good bye to the fisher folk.The arrival of the actor and the filming of Chinese nets have perked up the fishermen who face a lot of issues related to the maintenance of the nets.\"Earlier, there were around 30 Chinese nets in the area. But the number has come down to around 12 as they have become less profitable,\" said Antony Kureethara, councillor, Kochi Corporation.\"It costs around Rs five lakh to erect a net and requires about ten persons to operate it. But the income generated from it has decreased significantly. So, the government should intervene and save the iconic Chinese nets of Kochi,\" he added.On Monday, Aamir was in Alappuzha for the filming of the 'Incredible India'documentary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11799752", "title": "Missing persons always on backburner", "text": "AHMEDABAD:What happens to a routine missing person's report in a police station? The data is compiled after a week of the report being filed and is shelved till fresh news emerges. After the initial investigation on probable whereabouts, if it is not a case of abduction for ransom or a sex crime such as rape or forced marriage, it gets buried in the already high pile of such cases.The reason is simple - as per conventional police theory teens, especially girls, generally flee their homes to get married and are reported missing. After filing the report, the family and the girl reconcile and don't bother to inform the police. Another issue is kids leaving their homes without informing their parents to have a joyride or to escape anger or scolding or on not meeting their parents' demands. In such cases, they return after a few days and the files are closed. As per state police records, more than 10,000 adults apart from the children are missing in the state for more than five years.While a number of initiatives have been taken by the state police, nothing much has been done on the ground. Incidents like theft and scuffles take precedence over missing persons. It is high time we wake up to the issue. Today, many teens are abducted and then pushed into the flesh trade or bonded labour. As observed in recent cases, they are sold in marriage market to much older grooms. Not all get that one chance to contact their families and reunite. A number of initiatives such as crisis intervention centres and appointment of child welfare officers at the police station level have been taken but such systems should not only be on paper,\" said a senior state police official. He added that the problem of missing persons persists more in big cities than smaller centres.State police officials have now concentrated efforts on places such as bus depots and railway stations. P P Pirojiya, inspector of Government Railway Police (GRP), Kalupur, told TOI that every month, they have three to four cases of children from other cities and states landing up at the station. Recently, we sent a teenage girl from Junagadh home with her parents. She had fled her residence after she was scolded. We have a child welfare officer present at the police station who deals with children,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11800423", "title": "For the Congress, it's all in the family", "text": "PANAJI: The Congress party on Tuesday accommodated four families: Monserrate, Madkaikar, Naik and Alemao in the second list of candidates. The party announced the second list of seven candidates while suspense continued in the remaining four-Fatorda, Mormugao, Sanvordem and Canacona.The candidates selected by the Congress central election committee are as follows: In Siolim. Uday Palyekar, in Taleigao, Jennifer Monserrate, in Cumbharjua, Pandurang Madkaikar, in Prio, Dhaku Madkaikar, in Marcaim, Ritesh Naik, in Curtorim: Alexio Reginaldo Lourenco, and in Benaulim: Valanka Alemao.The Congress party has delayed the announcement in four constituencies and negotiations are still in progress over the issue of allotting seats to the minorities, youth Congress and also the indecision remains over the Canacona seat.The Congress party on Saturday announced its first list of 22 candidates for the March 3 assembly poll.Sources in the party said that the candidates in four constituencies are delayed because the party is still deliberating on where to accommodate the minority Muslim candidate. \"Can the Congress party afford to give a ticket to a Muslim candidate in Margao, Ponda and St Cruz where there is sizeable Muslim population,\" questioned a senior Congress leader. The answer is obvious as there are sitting MLAs in these constituencies. The senior leader also said that they are working out a formula so that if they are not able to accommodate a Muslim candidate, then at least they will be assured a better position in the next government.Sources said that the Muslim community wants Mormugao seat for a Muslim candidate and the Congress is in dilemma on whether to allot the ticket to a Muslim candidate or youth Congress member. Until two days ago, former youth congress president Sankalp Amonkar's candidature was virtually finalized but it has been kept in abeyance as the Muslim candidate will be accommodated either in Fatorda, Mormugao or Sanvordem. Sharad Chopdekar was also a contender while Saifullah Khan's name is being considered for Mormugao.Sources said that the Congress is all for giving one ticket to a Muslim candidate but they are weighing the pros and cons of where they can win the seat. \"Winnability factor is also very important\", a Congress leader said. As for winnability, the Congress leaders in Delhi feel that Amonkar can wrest the Mormugao seat from the BJP while Vijai Sardesai can also try to do the same in Fatorda.On Monday, after the chief minister Digambar kamat joined Sardesai's campaign, it became quite clear that the seat may go to the general secretary of Goa Pradesh congress committee. Vice president of the Goa Pradesh congress committee M K Shaikh is alsoa strong contender.Sources also said that Canacona is another seat where there is a problem; BJP Canacona MLA Vijay Pai Khot is trying hard get the Congress ticket to contest from Canacona while former Congress MLA Isidore Fernandes is the frontrunner for the ticket. Sources said that the Congress has not yet decided who would be the candidate for Canacona, which is another reason for delay.Party leaders in Delhi are ascertaining who could be the best bet there. Dayanand Pagi is also being considered. It is also learnt that Kamat is still interested in getting BJP legislator Vijay Pai Khot into the Congress while Isidore is also vying for the ticket.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11800264", "title": "Zapped by colour change", "text": "KOLKATA: In the past two weeks or so, large sections of the city have changed colour. The suddenness of the change has taken everyone by surprise. \"Initially, I didn't even realize a change was in the offing. Then, everything turned blue,\" recounted homemaker Snigdha Roy.For those wondering where the blue drive began, look no further than Kalighat bridge, a stone's throw from chief minister Mamata Banerjee's Harish Chatterjee Street residence.The bridge across the Adi Ganga, that had not received a coat of paint for decades, was the first to get the navy-and-sky blue makeover. DL Khan Road, which is used by Mamata to travel to and from Writers' Buildings, was the next to go blue with the arched bridge, lamp posts, park grills, bus shelters and even walls dressed in blue.As part of the beautification drive, a slum that had cropped up nearly 50 years ago on a sliver of land between DL Khan Road and Shashi Sekhar Basu Road, has been shielded from the road by a wall, a common practice in Beijing, Kuala Lumpur and other cities where poverty is hidden from public view. This 7-ft-high wall has also been painted in the same hues.Incidentally, care has been taken on the side of the wall facing the road. The other side facing the houses isn't even plastered. Champa Malik, who lives in the slum that has been camouflaged by the wall, says the homes have become dark and damp with sunlight cut off by the construction.\"We hang out in the open. Indoors, a bulb has to be switched on even during the day. We were told that the wall was being built to protect us in case a speeding car jumps the kerb,\" she recounted.A park on this stretch as well as others in the vicinity - Harish Mukherjee, Jatin Das, Maddox Square - have been painted blue and white. Several other prominent parks like Deshabandhu Park, Deshapriya Park, Vivekananda Park along with smaller ones in Behala, Jadavpur and Tollygunge are next in the pipeline.The blue drive carries on along the CM's route with trunks of trees lining Hospital Road and Red Road painted blue and white. The lamp posts too have blue stripes. Only, cream replaces the brilliant white.KMC opposition leader Rupa Bagchi is critical of the blue drive. \"At a time when a number of parks are lying in a sorry state, such wastage of funds can land the civic body in a trouble. Instead of attending to a large number of civic problems, including repair of potholed roads and slum development, they are taking up meaningless schemes in the name of beautification. This is ridiculous,\" Bagchi said.Member mayor-in-council Debasis Kumar, though, defends the civic body's stand, claiming the painting would prevent park fence from rusting. \"It is always a healthy practice that we should paint the parks' fencing once a year,\" Kumar said.He, however, is unable to explain why some parks that had been painted only two months ago, are being painted again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11801869", "title": "RWH to be must in all urban pockets", "text": "BANGALORE: After Bangalore, rainwater harvesting will be made compulsory in newly constructed buildings in all other urban pockets across the state. On Tuesday, the Karnataka Municipalities and Certain Other Law (Amendment) Bill, 2011, was passed in the legislative assembly for this.Law and parliamentary affairs minister S Suresh Kumar, who tabled the Bill , said every owner or occupier of a building having not less than 2,400 sqft of area or owner who proposes to construct a building on not less than 1,200 sqft of land should provide rainwater harvesting structure for storage or for groundwater recharge.Installation of water flow meters will also be made mandatory soon for all residential and commercial buildings with sump connections in muncipal corporations. This has been taken up in Tumkur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kishanganj/araria", "code": "11801946", "title": "Survey begins for hydropower project", "text": "KISHANGANJ/ARARIA: With a view to overcome the scourge of power shortages across the state, the possibility of a hydro-power project on the river Mahananda, Thakurganj, is now being explored.State energy minister Bijendra Yadav formally kick-started the survey programme for the establishment of a hydro-power project near village Kharna in Thakurganj block in Kishanganj district on Tuesday. Besides, Bihar Hydro Project Limited managing director (MD) A K Pande, Bihar Jal Vidyut Project general manager M U Gani Khan, Central Wapso Limited general manager M M Verma and Kishanganj DM Sandeep Kumar R Pudakalkatti were also present on the occasion.Yadav, speaking on the occasion, said that the Bihar government, which was greatly concerned about overcoming the power scarcity, has taken a number of steps to wipe out the scourge of power shortage in the state.Earlier, reviewing the progress of CM Khetra Vikas Yojna at Araria and Kishanganj on Monday, the minister and in-charge of both Araria and Kishanganj districts announced that a package of Rs 350 crore was sanctioned for Araria district.Under the package, all the villages across the district are targeted to be electrified with a time-frame, and villages would now get 67 KV or 100 KV transformers, instead of present 16 KV to 25 KV transformers. For the purpose, the Central government has allocated a sum of Rs 3,200 crore for 13 districts from across the state, including Araria district, the minister said.Later in the evening, the minister, reviewing the progress of schemes under the Yojna at Kishanganj, called upon the MLAs to lay stress onroad construction so that villages with a population of 250 got road connectivity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11803954", "title": "Ayan Mukerji: Wake up to situps", "text": "Ayan Mukerji has been rather deceptive with his pretty boy image. He has been doing some serious heavyweight workout of lateAyan Mukerji, the Wake Up Sid director is known for his shy, boy-next-door image. And while he is happy casting his good friend Ranbir Kapoor in his projects so far, the filmmaker has been building his physique secretly. Perhaps for a stint in the front of the camera as well?Ayan has been bodybuilding under professional trainer Deepesh Bhatt for a while now. In fact, the filmmaker has been performing some seriously dangerous forms of muscle building exercises.Interestingly, a personal video shot during Ayan's workout with his trainer has been leaked online. The video shows Ayan performing crossfit workout with Deepesh. He is seen lifting heavy weights for a strenuous upper body workout.After this, we are sure Ayan wouldn't find it tough to take on his next heavyweight Dharma project starring Ranbir Kapoor and Deepika Padukone .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11800575", "title": "AFMC to open DNA profiling centre today", "text": "PUNE: Director General of the Armed Forces Medical Service Lt Gen H L Kakria will inaugurate the DNA profiling centre at the Armed Forces Medical College (AFMC) on February 8. This would be one of the handful DNA profiling centres of the country.A statement issued by the AFMC here on Monday said DNA profiling, popularly known as DNA fingerprinting, is accepted as the most advanced and reliable method of establishing identity of living individuals as well as dead bodies and body remnants. DNA can be extracted from small portions of any body tissue, including bones, teeth and hair. These can be recovered from bodies that have been subjected to severe mutilation and destruction as well as decomposition. DNA profile of an individual is unique. Therefore, positive identification of such body parts can be established, provided DNA profiling of the individual is carried out during life and the information is then stored in a data bank / repository, to cater to such unforeseen tragic eventuality, the statement said. tnnThe DNA profiling centre and data bank, being set up at the department of Forensic Medicine and Toxicology, will be functional from this month.Currently, the identity of deceased armed forces personnel is established basically by methods like examining personal belongings on the dead body, studying the identification marks, comparing with photographs, etc. However, these methods become futile in circumstances where there is extensive mutilation, disfigurement and decomposition of the body. Such accidents are more likely to be met with by armed forces personnel employed in hazardous tasks, like bomb disposal, flying fighter planes, research in explosive materials as well as troops deployed in militancy infested areas, the statement said. Following such catastrophes, DNA profiling of the available body parts is the only foolproof scientific method of establishing identity.The identity of the deceased can be easily established by DNA profiling, provided the DNA profile of the individual is available in a data bank with the authorities. Department of Forensic Medicine and Toxicology at AFMC, Pune, will have a repository / data bank of DNA profile of armed forces personnel employed in such hazardous duties, the statement said, adding that subsequently the facility can be extended to all members of the armed forces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11801287", "title": "Woman ends life by consuming poison", "text": "KANPUR: A 40-year-old woman killed herself by consuming poison on Monday at her residence in Nirala Nagar. Monika Chaturvedi, wife of Ajeet , consumed poison while her husband was away at work. When he returned, he admitted her to Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital, where she died during treatment, Kidwai Nagar police said. The reason behind her drastic step could not be ascertained.Mishap: A woman died in an accident in Gujaini on Tuesday. Shivam was driving the two-wheeler. His wife Rinki (38) was riding on the pillion. A case has been registered against the driver with Govind Nagar police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11802052", "title": "Death penalty: Supreme Court notice to govt on crucial special leave petition", "text": "NEW DELHI: The death penalty has been challenged in all the three cases citing the same reason: the inordinate delay on the part of the President in rejecting the mercy petitions of the convicts concerned. But different benches of the Supreme Court are treating this vital issue in conflicting ways on the decisions made by the President last year on the home ministry's advice.As for the special leave petition (SLP) filed by Mahendra Nath Das of Assam, the bench comprising Justice A K Patnaik and Justice Swatanter Kumar issued notices on Tuesday to the Centre and state while declining to stay his execution. If his SLP is rejected in the final hearing fixed for Thursday, Das may become the first convict to be hanged in India since Dhananjay Chatterjee's execution in 2004.The line of action adopted by the Pattanaik bench in Das's case is a far cry from the one adopted three months ago by the bench comprising Justice G S Singhvi and Justice S J Mukhopadhaya in high-profile and politically sensitive cases relating to the Rajiv Gandhi assassins and Devendar Pal Singh Bhullar. The Singhvi bench, having stayed the execution of capital punishment in both cases, is due to hold elaborate proceedings from February 22 on whether the President's rejection of the mercy petition could be overruled by the SC on the ground of \"unexplained delay\" lasting over a decade to take a final call.Given the importance of the matter from the viewpoint of human rights, the Singhvi bench had appointed two senior constitutional experts, Ram Jethmalani and T R Andhyarujina, to assist it as amicus curiae.Since his mercy petition had been stuck with the President for 12 years, the SC's registry should have logically placed Das's SLP before the Singhvi bench. At the final hearing due on Thursday, it remains to be seen whether the Pattnaik bench, redressing the anomaly that has arisen out of the registry's oversight, will refer Das's SLP to the Singhvi bench in the interest of consistency.The SC's pronouncement on if delay in the disposal of mercy petition can have the effect of commuting death penalty to life sentence may affect pending mercy petitions, including Afzal Guru's.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11801511", "title": "Police bust fake credit card gang", "text": "CHENNAI: Employees of a petrol filling station in Peerkankaranai near Tambaram on Monday helped police nab a three-member gang dealing in fake credit cards. The case has been forwarded to the central crime branch for further inquiry.Around 11pm, police said, the three men drove into the fuel outlet and asked the employees to fill 30 litres of petrol in their Wagon-R.Soon, one of the three \"handed over a credit card to an employee of the station. He asked the latter to swipe the card for Rs 4,500, take a 20% commission and the charge for 30 litres of fuel and give him the rest,\" a police officer said.The employee went to the office, pretended to swipe the card and alerted police. Sensing this, the trio tried to escape but were caught and handed over to police. The card was found to be fake and the car seized.The gang members, Ravi of Choolaimedu, Ezhilarasan of Pallavaram and Venkatesan of Purasawalkam, had in their possession many fake credit and debit cards besides a skimmer machine, a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "gurdev nagar", "code": "11801792", "title": "Aditi shoots gold in 10m air pistol", "text": "GURDEV NAGAR: Sewaks of Gurdev Nagar are enjoying the success of their daughter, Aditi, as she has won a gold medal in the All India inter university shooting competition that was held at Jiwaji University, Gwalior, Madhya Pradesh. Aditi was the sole participant from Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) but proved tough for everyone. She won medal in 10 metre air pistol competition.Shooters from all over the country had participated in the contest, which, Aditi feels, was a very tough one. But she managed to win as her eyes were fixed on the target. She said she is very happy to have brought laurels for her university and her family.Aditi, a student of KVM School, started shooting at the age of 14 under the guidance of coach Chander Sharma and later joined the shooting centre of sports department at SCD Government College and started practicing under the supervision of coach, Gurjeet Singh. She has won a gold, silver and bronze medal for the state during national shooting championship held at Pune, Maharashtra.A resident of Gurdev Nagar, Aditi is doing graduation in home sciences and also concentrates on her game as she aims to represent the country at international level. Aditi said Olympics has been her fascination since childhood and it is her dream to represent the country like Abhinav Bindra and Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore. \"There is a need to upgrade the shooting infrastructure here,\" she feels. Her coach Gurjeet Singh said Aditi's major achievement would be to maintain her game.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11800996", "title": "Senior deputy mayor blames MLA for sealing building", "text": "GURGAON: The infighting within the local Congress unit has come out in the open once again with a residential building, owned by the senior deputy mayor's family, being sealed on charges that it is being used for commercial purposes.According to sources, the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) officials sealed a building in New Colony on Monday night that is owned by senior deputy mayor Yashpal Batra's wife. Batra, however, has denied the charges and blamed the local MLA for the drive. He alleged the sealing drive was carried out by the MCG officials at the behest of MLA Sukhbir Kataria, who is also sports minister in the state. A letter from the mayor's office has also supported Batra's claims and blamed the local MLA for sealing drive.The letter has questioned the role of MCG officials in the whole case and questioned why they have failed to take any action in many other such cases that have been come up during the House meetings. The mayor has claimed that the councillors have decided to take this issue to the top leaders in Congress party, including the party's state in-charge B K Hariprasad. \"There are certain politicians who can't tolerate my political growth and are devising ways to jeopardize my career. There are hundreds of buildings which do not abide by the rules and there is no reason why they should be left untouched while only this building gets targeted. This incident stinks of unscrupulous intentions and nothing else,\" said Yashpal Batra.According to sources in the MCG, the operation to seal the building was carried out in the night to avoid any sort of trouble. \"It is a well known fact that there are two factions within the state Congress. This has resulted in a lot of infighting ever since the municipal elections took place. Since the mayor and his team hail from the group that opposes chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda and local MLAs oppose the local MP Rao Inderjit Singh, political controversies have become a regular affair,\" said an official. Despite repeated attempts the Kataria could not be reached for his comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11798853", "title": "NID design festival from Feb 10", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The annual design festival of National Institute of Design ( NID), called RGB, will begin on February 10.The three-day event, which is being held for the fourth time, will focus on networking between industries and students. \"This year we have invited key people from industries, design firms and NGOs. These participants will interact with students in different ways. The idea is to focus on an effective and productive interaction and networking between the industries and the students so that the students get an opportunity to learn about contemporary need and understanding in the field of design,\" said Reuben Dsilva, one of the organizing members of RGB-2012.The delegates from the industries and NGOs will deliver presentations to the students on various topics. tnn as well as judge the students' works in various competitions. While the students have decided to cut down the number of the events, RGB-2012 will organize seven different workshops with students and professionals. \"We are expecting a larger crowd at RGB this year as we have extended our invitation to a larger number of design schools, architectural institutes and mass communication institutes this year,\" said Dsilva.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11799694", "title": "Buyers move HC for fixing time on NCPRB to pass master plan", "text": "NOIDA: Homebuyers of Noida Extension have decided to approach the Allahabad High Court to ask for a time-bound action plan for granting clearance to the Master Plan 2021 of the Greater Noida Authority by the NCR Planning Board. With no response from the planning board, construction activities of the housing projects remain stalled.The Noida Extension Flat Buyers' Welfare Association (NEFBWA), which had earlier filed a petition in the high court in support of the review petition filed by the Greater Noida Authority, is now filing a revised petition pleading for a deadline to be set on the NCR Planning Board to clear the master plan. The review petition of the Greater Noida Authority, filed in the first week of December last year, pleads for permission to resume developmental activities in Noida Extension, even as the NCRPB has kept postponing the matter.\"The petition is ready and will be filed by February 10,\" said GL Sagar, secretary of NEFBWA. \"Earlier, the hearing for the case was scheduled to be held on February 7, but owing to some issues, the petition is now set to come up for hearing on February 17. In the revised petition, we have pleaded with the court to impose a deadline on the NCRPB to grant clearance to the master plan,\" added Sagar.The verdict delivered by the Allahabad High Court on October 21 last year had directed the Greater Noida Authority to properly implement the suggestions and recommendations of the NCRPB into its Master Plan 2021 before re-commencing developmental activities in the region. However, the high court had not set a deadline on the NCRPB by which it would have to get its recommendations properly implemented into the master plan, and communicate the same to the Greater Noida Authority.The Greater Noida Authority had sent its master plan to the NCRPB subsequent to the clearance granted to it by the UP regional planning board. To the dismay of thousands of homebuyers, who have invested huge sums of money in various residential projects of Noida Extension, the NCRPB has been dragging its feet over clearing the master plan, thereby putting in limbo all the semi-constructed housing projects.The hearing on February 17 will be done by the same three-judge bench formed by the high court to hear into cases related to land acquisition in villages of Greater Noida. The bench will hear the petition when it takes up the hearing of several petitions filed by farmers from villages of Greater Noida and along the Yamuna Expressway contesting against land acquisition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11801106", "title": "Road safety patrol in all schools in Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: Coimbatore will be the first city in the country to have Road Safety Patrol (RSP) units in all city schools. RSP units consisting of student cadres are formed to assist the police in traffic duties and spread the message of traffic rules.A Mahesh, the Chief Traffic Warden said that they plan to extend the programme to all the schools in the city. \"Already, we have trained around 11,000 RSP student cadres from more than hundred schools and a few colleges in the city. We have to extend the project to a few more schools to have full coverage. These units will help increase traffic safety among students as well as spread the message of road safety,\" says Mahesh.He says that student cadres will help control traffic at school premises. \"Most schools already use them to control traffic inside the school compound,\" he says. Experiments with students controlling traffic outside the school have been successful, he revealed. \"Student cadets who will wear uniforms will instruct motorists on where they can park. We have noticed that adults listen to students more than they do other adults,\" says Mahesh. He also said that often students are more familiar with traffic rules than adults.\"Students feel more responsible towards the cause of road safety. Hopefully, this experience will enable them to be responsible about road safety when the become adults,\" he said. They will be trained by traffic wardens, a government run voluntary organisation involved in traffic control. Competitions will be conducted for RSP members on February 27 in CODISSIA. \"We hope this will help create awareness about the traffic rules among students,\" said Mahesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11801682", "title": "\u2018MPs entered Pak House with arms\u2019", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Two Pakistani MPs entered the country's parliament carrying weapons, lawmaker Ejaz Virk has claimed, prompting interior minister Rehman Malik to order a probe into the matter.The police, paramilitary Pakistan Rangers and Frontier Corps are responsible for external security of parliament. Security agencies will check footage from parliament's closed circuit TV system to ascertain whether such an incident had occurred.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11800242", "title": "VNIT electronics engg dept develops supercomputer", "text": "NAGPUR: The department of electronics engineering in Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology (VNIT) has developed a supercomputer especially to cater for conducting simulations for nano materials and devices, an area that the department is pursuing as one of the priorities. In fact, VNIT is leading in the area among all 30 NITs in the country.Though the high performance cluster computation facility was developed about two years back, it has become optimally functional only recently with departments like material sciences, physics and chemistry using it along with the electronics engineering department. \"We have developed the supercomputer under a project funded by the department of information technology, government of India. It has 128 CPUs connected in parallel with 24 gigabytes memory. Our researchers develop a nano material or device using the simulation from the computer and fabricate it at IIT Mumbai. For example, various electronic devices use very thin silicon sheaths which are simulated first using the supercomputer and later fabricated. We conduct the characterization again to ensure right quality,\" said the VNIT director S S Gokhale.The computer has such an enhanced capacity that the work that otherwise needed a month can now be done in 2-3 days. \"At present though, we are using the facility only in house but it can be used widely. It can be used especially effectively by the pharmaceutical industry for drug testing through 'in silico' simulation before going for laboratory or even human clinical trials,\" explained Prof Rajendra Patrikar, project coordinator and the dean of academics for the institute.The users are calling it a crucial facility costing about Rs 50 lakh. The research is also directed at increasing the memory retaining period of flash memory or USB storage devices like pen-drives, cameras, mobile etc under a three-year project.The researchers working on the project include Prof Raghuvendra Deshmukh, associate professor, Rashmi Gautam, senor research assistant and Ashutosh Mahajan, a faculty working under an exchange programme. \"We are also planning to develop photovoltaic cells with higher efficiency using our simulation facility in the super computer,\" said Deshmukh listing the future action plans. The project also involves other key area research under the Indian nano-electronic user programme. As of now the supercomputer has enough users within the institute itself but it can be used by other institutions and industry too.Other uses:* Detection of diseases like cancer using nano particles. (A researcher from Indian Institute of Science Education Research)* Problems of quantum physics which have been boggling scientists for years can also be solved using this machine* It can also be used to solve problems of biology, chemistry, electronics, material sciences and medicine like the simulation of drug delivery system* It can be used as a crucial facility for developing next generation technologiesTwo centres of excellence soonVNIT would soon be setting up two centres for excellence, one in nano electrical materials and other in energy efficiency systems. VNIT director S S Gokhale told TOI that the funds for these centres would come from the Technical Education Quality Improvement Programme (TEQUIP), thanks to the excellent utilization and project results conducted by VNIT under the XI plan from 2003-09. \"It added to the exposure of our faculty and students to cutting edge technologies and equipment. The funds in the new phase will, however, be released only after the coming financial year and would be used mainly for PhD through research in subjects like physics, metallurgy, electronics and computer sciences,\" he said.The second centre of excellence in energy efficiency systems would mainly be used by chemical, civil, electrical, mechanical engineering departments. It will involve inter-departmental research in atomic energy materials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11802026", "title": "Red Ribbon Express in Indore", "text": "INDORE: To spread awareness about AIDS, the Red Ribbon Express chugged in the city on Tuesday morning. The express train, which was flagged off in the second week of January as a part of the third edition of HIV/AIDS awareness campaign, arrived at the railway yard of city's railway station. The train was formally inaugurated by the minister of health for state Mahendra Hardia.On the occasion, mayor Krishnamurari Moghe, divisional commissioner Prabhat Parashar, collector Raghvendra Singh and chief medical and health officer Dr Sharad Pandit were also present.\"Under MPSACS, various programmes for supporting and improving the life of the people living with HIV/AIDS are being carried out,\" said Hardia. The train aimed at spreading awareness about the global scourge, especially among the youth, remained the centre of attraction and attracted attention of students and health workers alike.According to Madhya Pradesh AIDS Control Society (MPSACS), thousands of students and people from all walks of life visited the city to understand the disease.\"There will be three sessions in the conference coach by the women and child development department and various other associated institutions on Wednesday. As many as 60 participants will take part in each session. Various awareness related topics will be presented on the occasion by the subject specialists,\" said Dr Pandit, chief medical and health officer. The exhibition will remain open till 6 pm. Later, the train will leave for Ujjain for its two-day scheduled visit, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11798891", "title": "Gandhinagar residents can now register their complaints via SMS", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Residents of Gandhinagar can now register their complaints regarding civic problems via SMS. A new grievance redressal system, undertaken by the Gandhinagar Municipal Corporation (GMC) utilizes online software to direct the complaints lodged via SMS to the concerned head of the department dealing with a particular civic issue.SMSs to the number 9898377700 with the nature of complaints like street lights, drainage, water supply, domestic garbage , dead animal removal, storm water drainage and roads will be directed by the software to the concerned department. \"Citizens will have to first mention the department, then leave space and type their sector number and then the plot number by leaving a space in the SMS,\" says municipal commissioner C R Kharsan. The software is online and is called the 'Sitibajao.com' which is being utilized by Peach Techno Vision company. The website has Dahod district development office, GMC and Mumbai autorickshaws enrolled for the service. \"The service is free and the GMC's standing committee had allowed this service to be integrated into our grievance redressal system,\" adds Kharsan.But a major problem for GMS is that except for the sanitary, property tax and professional tax departments, the municipal body has no control over any other civic services. For instance the upkeep of the roads are a responsibility of the roads and building department's capital projects division, while a large part of the open area comes under the forest department, while another chunk is owned by the revenue department. Even if various civic problems are to be resolved, a co-ordination meeting is held once every month of the entire departments concerned which is headed by the municipal commissioner.But a senior GMC official admitted that timely action for a civic issue is a bit tough as the GMC has to co-ordinate with different government entities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11800534", "title": "Govt to rely on satellite images for regularisation", "text": "NEW DELHI: After a high-level probe found gross irregularities in issuance of provisional regularisation certificates(PRCs), the Delhi government has decided to rely only on satellite images to verify prescribed built up areas of over 1,200 settlements.\"The Survey of India has satellite images of all the colonies and we have decided to go by the images. We will not rely on reports of MCD in verifying the built up area,\" a top official said.As per norms, unauthorised colonies - that have come up prior to March 31, 2002 and have 50% built-up area as on February 8, 2007 - are eligible for PRCs.The PRCs are issued based on verification of built up areas by MCD, following submission by resident welfare associations. The government has already cancelled PRCs of 43 unauthorised colonies on the basis of the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11801078", "title": "Eflu ex-VC denies any wrongdoing", "text": "HYDERABAD: Abhai Maurya, former vice-chancellor of English and Foreign Languages University (Eflu), has refuted allegations leveled against him in a CBI investigation report. He said that he was being targeted by some \"powerful forces\" and that the investigating body could have made its assessment on the basis of information \"torn out of context\" or on some empirical data which does not reflect the minute details discussed in statutory committees.A report \"Eflu under CBI Scanner\" that appeared in these columns on February 7, Tuesday had quoted the CBI report to state that Abhai Maurya \"had flouted norms in the recruitment of some professors and associate professors\". The report had also mentioned that \"CBI has found huge financial irregularities in the construction of hostels and indentified an excess payment of Rs 43.48 lakh to a contractor\".Responding to the allegations, Maurya said that all construction work is planned by the dean, campus development and planning and executed by the works department of the university. The registrar is responsible for giving the works order to the concerned contractor. \"The VC does not come in the picture in this entire process. Nor does he approve any payment to be made to any contractor. The entire thing is processed by the works department, finance department and registrar of the university,\" Maurya stated in his response.Maurya also stated that he has had no hand in the irregularities in the recruitment process of faculty members. \"The vigilance officer of the ministry of human resource development had conducted a thorough inquiry of the appointments under reference. He had fully absolved the VC (Maurya) of any wrongdoing,\" he stated. Maurya stated that he is being targeted by \"powerful forces\" because \"he could not satisfy their demands\". \"Otherwise how is it that nothing is being done against my predecessors who awarded the contracts without calling for open tenders,\" he added.Maurya further stated that all purchases mentioned in the CBI report were made by the purchase committee by following the due procedure. He said that all changes in the construction plans of buildings as mentioned in the CBI report were duly approved by building committee, finance committee, campus planning and development committee and finally the executive committee of the university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11801731", "title": "Soulful day on Guru Ravidas Jayanti", "text": "LUDHIANA: Ravinder Singh, a businessman of BRS Nagar, along with his family paid obeisance at Gurdwara Dashmesh Singh Sabha in Bhai Randhir Singh Nagar on the occasion of Guru Ravidas Jayanati. A large number of devotees had gathered on the premises to pay obeisance on Tuesday morning.Ravinder said he never misses this occasion and being a government holiday, he made sure he came there along with his family. \"We enjoyed the quiz competition related to the life of Guru Ravidas. It was also a great learning experience for the children, as they felt excited seeing the children of their age participate in quiz,\" he said.Harjeet Singh, another resident of the same area, who had also come with his family, said they enjoyed the shabad kirtan and savoured the community food, where they also performed service. Ramanpreet, a student and resident of Rajguru Nagar, said he and his friend Sarabjeet come here every day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11801043", "title": "15,000 unlisted private vehicles ferry schoolchildren every day", "text": "GURGAON: The deputy commissioner of police in a recent order has stated that the school managements/owners and principals will be held responsible if the buses or other vehicles plying children of their schools are found lacking in safety standards while the drivers will be held liable only for driving-related offences.The department thus asked the schools to make necessary safety provisions in the buses carrying school children and furnish an affidavit to the secretary, Regional Transport Authority (RTA), confirming that their school vehicles are following the directions of the High Court regarding the standard safety measures. Deputy commissioner P C Meena added that even the private vehicles like vans, cabs, autos and rickshaws etc that carry the schoolchildren, are bound to adopt the safety measures mentioned by the court.If they are found violating the norms, the vehicles will be challaned and owners will be booked under section 188 of IPC. However, it is the duty of the RTA and the traffic police to issue challans for violations. While the traffic police have resorted to writing letters to schools issuing directions, besides issuing challans for various offences, the RTA is more concerned about installation of speed governors and other safety measures, before giving a clean chit to the vehicles. Besides 800 schools buses which are registered with RTA, there are 15,000 private vehicles which are used to ferry school children.A commercial permit is important for them to do so. These private vehicles mainly include maxi cabs and private buses, besides auto rickshaws. Majority of them not only overload their vehicles, but also drive rashly. Sources said schools keep a proper record of private buses which are generally hired by the institutes themselves. The problem occurs with private cabs and autos which are mainly hired by parents themselves. Parents provide schools with a written note and identification documents of drivers to schools stating they would ferry their kids to schools in those vehicles. But schools admitted that it is difficult for them to keep a tab. RTA secretary Dharmendra Singh said the department can penalize these private vehicles if they are found to violate safety norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11803573", "title": "Kareena to go to bed for Heroine!", "text": "Kareena Kapoor had refrained from enacting intimate scenes on the big screen. Unless of course, it was with her real life beau Saif Ali Khan in Kurbaan.So, when Madhur Bhandarkar and UTV asked her to perform some real steamy scenes with co-star Arjun Rampal in Heroine, Kareena had categorically refused to do so. But now, the actress seems to have decided against being so rigid with her on-screen lovers. On March 20, Bebo will be going to bed with Rampal for a scene in the film.While this was confirmed by director Bhandarkar, he refused to elaborate saying, \"All I can say is that Kareena is an extremely professional and committed actress.\"However, a source close to the film revealed, \"A suburban five-star will be booked for the sequence, in which, Kareena starts off with smoking and drinking and ends up in bed with Rampal.\"Mirror has learnt that the actress has been discussing every little detail of the scene with Bhandarkar, who has assured her that he will shoot the scene very aesthetically.To make the actress comfortable, Bhandarkar has ensured that there are very few people in the room when the scene is shot. There will be only three people assisting him that day. They have also been asked to sign a 'Confidentiality Contract'.Kareena remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11800504", "title": "Chatting on net, blogs, IM to be part of Std IX, X syllabus", "text": "NAGPUR: The syllabus of soon-to-be introduced subject Information and Communication Technology (ICT) reads like a dream come true for the tech savvy generation. ICT will be 50 marks compulsory subject in both Std IX and X, and will be introduced from the 2012-13 academic session. Chatting on the net, blogs, forums and video conferencing are some of the topics to be taught in the ICT.According to the detailed syllabus released by the board, total six topics will be taught along with a separate list of 12 practical assignments. In Std IX, students will learn the basics about instant messaging and chat, e-mail, Internet and other communication devices. The board has also added a topic on morals and ethics which talks about how computer users should conduct themselves in the virtual world. The same topic also dwells on cyber laws and issues of privacy for online users. Std IX students will also be studying about use of ICT in languages, social sciences and arts.A year later in Std X, students will be focusing more on the use of ICT in daily lives. E-governance and e-commerce are some of the topics along with studies of ICT in science, mathematics, modelling and simulation.Since the subject will be taught in both English and Marathi, questions are being raised on the latter lag behind in ICT. A teacher from a Marathi school, said, \"While everyone today is aware of computers only a few have regular access to it. I still have students in my class who do not know what Facebook is, hence I believe it will be very difficult to score in the subject.\"Michael Morde, principal, Mecosabagh Methodist High School, said, \"My school received the GR just last week and soon we will be allotted a date for training. During that session we will learn about the structure of the course will be and what kind of infrastructure will be available to us. We cannot conduct any practical assignment unless the board provides us with computers for the same.\"The board however says that schools will have to do with the computers they already have for administration purpose. \"We have not received any instructions from the higher authorities regarding the same. The schools can use the computers they already have and many can avail of funds under the MP/MLA fund scheme,\" Morde added.The board has started training teachers to ensure that the subject is taught properly at school level as well. Before this happens the board wants that at least two senior teachers from the schools should be trained in the subject.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11800384", "title": "Councillor aides held for pension fraud", "text": "KOLKATA: Police have arrested two persons - allegedly close aides of Ward No. 6 Congress councilor Suman Singh - for withdrawing the pension amount of an elderly woman, a resident of Kripananda Dutta Lane, for about eight years now.Under the National Old Age Pension Scheme, citizens above 65 years and below the poverty line are entitled to receive an amount of Rs 400 per month. This victim from Chitpur was also enlisted as a beneficiary for the scheme. But she has not been receiving her pension amount for last eight years. The family found the amount has been withdrawn each time by some ghost receivers.\"The victim's son, Raj Kumar Khatik, lodged a complaint with the Chitpur police on April 21, 2010,\" said joint CP (headquarters) Jawed Shamim.Accordingly, police initiated a probe and arrested Dilip Singh (25) and Sarat Sarkar (38), the later is a casual labourer with Kolkata Municipal Corporation and used to work for Suman Singh.The two allegedly have been withdrawing the amount with a certificate from the councillor. Singh was subsequently summoned by the municipal vigilant authority on this issue.When contacted, Suman Singh said, \"Police arrested the two. The law will take its own course.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11800060", "title": "Shadows retreat as solar PV panel prices plunge", "text": "JAIPUR: The amount of attention and the extent of euphoria solar energy is receiving recently appear unjustified given the sector's contribution, which is less than 1% to the country's total power generation of 1.9 lakh megawatt.But this new found optimism is not without some fundamental transformation, which is opening up the skies faster for the energy from 'heaven' and fuelling hopes that a future beyond coal and diesel, the resources from 'hell,' is not far away.A couple of years back the cost of generating 1 unit of solar energy was Rs 18, virtually shutting the doors for private investors to produce power commercially. But the dramatic decline in cost of generations to an average Rs 9 is resetting the rules of the game, entertaining expectations that the grid-parity goals can be achieved sooner than estimated earlier.The crash in the prices of solar photovoltaic panels, which has plunged 50% last year alone, has been the key driver in shrinking the gap in the costs of generation between energy from conventional sources and solar.But a top official in the state renewable energy department said that even today the grid-parity for solar power exists. He said on the face of it, the recent average bidding price of Rs 8.75 per unit for national solar mission projects held last December looks costlier compared to coal, which generates power at a cost of Rs 4 per unit. But if one takes into account the total duration of the power purchasing agreement (PPA) for solar, which is 25 years, grid-parity is already there, he added.At this rate, solar power has certainly become cheaper than power generated through diesel, which costs between Rs 12-15.Many telecom tower companies Like GTL Infra and Bharti Infratel that used diesel for powering their telecom towers have replaced the conventional source with solar photovoltaic panels.Coal, which fires more than half of the power plants in the country, will not be sold at current prices in the coming years, ensuring the current cost of Rs 4 per unit of power. Prices of coal, which have increased more than 30% after Indonesian government linked the rates to international prices, can only go up while the rates under PPA signed for 25 years will remain at the agreed levels.For Rajasthan, which has taken an early lead generating most of the capacity produced today in the country, the trend augurs well as it readies special enclaves backed with a investor-friendly policy for this sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11801991", "title": "MSMEs seek 100 acre at par with TCS, Infosys", "text": "INDORE: Taking a cue from the information technology (IT) majors TCS and Infosys, which have been handed over 100 acre each of land by the state government, the micro, small and medium sector enterprises (MSMEs) in the state also have demanded 100 acre of additional land in Indore for the aspiring small industries to set up their base.They argued that if 100 acre each of land could be given to the IT majors, then why can't a similar move be made in the case of the local MSMEs also. They have a reason to support their claim for more land. Nearly 1,000 local MSMEs are eager to set up their base in Indore as no more land is available with any of the existing industrial areas here for expansion or setting up new units. The land available at various industrial areas in the city like Sanwer Road, Polo Ground and Kila Maidan are already fully utilised and more over, no new industrial area has come up in Indore for the past nearly 30 years.Talking to TOI, Ashok Badjatya, president, Association of Industries in MP, said, \"I have already put forward my suggestion before the state finance minister in this connection during my recent interaction with him in Bhopal. Apart from this, I have given a host of other suggestions to the state government,\" he said.He said that they raised two kinds of demands before the state government: fund-based and non-fund based ones adding that the industries body urged for immediate approval of the non-fund based demands.\"While we want the abolition of entry tax in the light of imposition of value added tax (VAT), we are also opposed to the idea of imposition of professional tax by the state on the industrial sector,\" said Badjatya.He said that the body of the industries demanded that the proposed Rs 311 crore fund had to be spent for the development and implementation of infrastructure of the four major industrial areas in the state without delay.About Rs 43 crore of the Rs 311 crore fund, is likely to be spent for Sanwer Road industries alone. Moreover, the association demanded the government that a provision be made for spending at least Rs 100 crore for the maintenance of old industrial areas in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11802183", "title": "KNP members stage protest", "text": "HUBLI: Members of the Karnataka Navanirman Pade (KNP) on Monday staged a protest in front of Cantonment Board of Belgaum (CBB) office, opposing CCB's decision to impose entry fee on vehicles entering into its area. They also submitted a memorandum to Vijay Rajak, CEO of the Board.They alleged that the decision to levy tax on vehicles was unscientific and would become a burden for common people and poor vendors. \"There is o need of such a tax, as CBB already has Rs 4 crore and plus for the development works,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11805339", "title": "Samsung Galaxy S III to be 7mm thick", "text": "NEW DELHI: As widely expected, Samsung is not unveiling its Galaxy S III smartphone at forthcoming the Mobile World Congress show. The company reportedly seems to be going the Apple way and plans to host it own big event to tout the device.There are speculations that Samsung may be timing its launch around iPad 3 unveilng, to steal the Apple tablet's thunder.As for specs, Galaxy S III is reported to have Super AMOLED HD display similar to the Galaxy Nexus , but in a 4.65-inch size and with a 720p resolution. Also, the upcoming smartphone is expected to be just 7mm in thickness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11798869", "title": "9 booked for spreading rumours", "text": "MUMBAI: The Navghar police on Monday booked nine persons for \"spreading rumours\" in Mulund (E). The group falsely claimed that they saw a 'chaddi-banian' gang member jumping the compound wall at Azad Nagar near Mulund station on Monday evening, the police said in Mulund (east) and hid himself. The accused are likely to be arrested.The nine accused-Shashikant Jadhav, Sachin Mahiskar, Dilip Wayapkar, Vishal Rokade, Rohit Tandel, Datta Patil, Yogesh Dubey, Dhananjay Gaikwad and Sameer Bavekar are part of a mob, which had refused to disperse, despite the police allaying their fears that the \"sighting\" of the gang member was a rumour.Police said nine people -- Shashikant Jadhav, Sachin Mahiskar, Dilip Wayapkar, Vishal Rokade, Rohit Tandel, Datta Patil, Yogesh Dubey, Dhananjay Gaikwad and Sameer Bavekar -- are part of 150-odd people who had refused to disperse despite police saying it was a rumour.\"We have booked them after they refused to accept that it was a rumour. They will be arrested soon for their mischievous act and not allowing the police to perform their duty,\" said Shrimant Gule, senior inspector of Navghar police station. The police are monitoring the cellphone numbers from which the control room received two hoax calls around 9pm on Monday claiming about the thief running on the house roofs in Mulund (East). \"The caller seems to have a penchant for spreading rumours.After making the calls the phones have been switched off,\" said ACP Mahadev Gundewadi. After the control room alerted the local authorities, the police reached the spot at Azad Nagar and found that a mob had gathered after the rumour spread in the locality that someone has seen a thief of \"Chaddi-Banian\" gang. \"The drama began around 9.30pm and lasted for almost 15-20 minutes. It is suspected that someone from them made the hoax calls,\" a police officer said.Last week, a 25-year-old mentally challenged Anilkumar Yadav alias Guddu (25) was beaten up by a mob at Kindipada in Mulund Colony last week suspecting him to be a thief. The mob paraded him in his undergarments, later tied him to a tree and thrashed him and fractured his right leg. Police arrested Ismail Sayyed (25) and his five accomplices. In another case, two weeks ago the Bhandup police had to arrange a snorkel from the fire brigade to climb atop a coconut tree after locals said a thief was hiding there.The accused have been booked under Section 505 (2) (mischief leading to breach of peace) of the IPC, which carries an imprisonment that may extend from six months to three years or a fine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11801775", "title": "Cong leader wants dress code", "text": "Opposition leader in the legislative council C Motamma wants the government to compulsorily enforce a dress code for college students. She wants a ban on the use of mobile phones by students. Also, she wants women to stop smoking. \"Dressing in real life and in cinema is very different. The parents should also think about the dress their children wear,'' she said.Home minister R Ashoka admitted such incidents were on the rise. He said the government was taking strict action against the culprits, besides taking up awareness programmes.Ashoka ruled out enforcement of dress code. \"We cannot dictate what they should wear. We agree it shouldn't be obscene. We are bringing awareness among principals and education department officials,'' he said.Even if a lecturer is indicted for sexual harassment, he cannot be dismissed. The government on Tuesday expressed helplessness, saying rules didn't allow for dismissal. Bharathi Shetty (BJP) raised the issue and mentioned the case of Sarita, a research scholar of Mysore University. E Krishnappa (JDS) blamed 'improper dressing' as the cause of harassment.Outrage across partiesLeaders of opposition parties were outraged by the porn-viewing episode and they wanted nothing less than the sacking of the two ministers, Laxman Savadi and C C Patil.Oppposition party leader in the legislative assembly Siddaramaiah wanted speaker K G Bopaiaih to bar the two ministers from entering the House, who had brought shame to lawmakers. Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda said he was touring in Chikmagalur and unaware of what actually transpired in the House. The speaker was cautious, not prepared to comment based on what TV was airing since evening.A similar incident had taken place where Mahalingappa, an executive officer of a Gubbi taluk panchayat of Tumkur, who was watching porn clips on his cellphone at a meeting over a year ago was suspended by law minister S Suresh Kumar . The minister was seated next to Mahalingappa. He snatched the mobile, handed it over to the police and suspended the officer.2 ministers may be sackedIn a damage control exercise, the BJP seems to have made up its mind to sack the two ministers caught on camera allegedly watching a porn clip. Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda and BJP state president K S Eshwarappa, who held telephonic talks for over 20 minutes on the issue agreed they had no other go but to sack ministers Laxman Savadi and C C Patil. KS Eshwarappa, state BJP president said: \"I came to know of the incident and have informed the party higher-ups in New Delhi. Based on their direction, we'll decide the future course of action.\"Who are they?Laxman Savadi represents Athani constituency and he has won three consecutive times from there. He had taken up the cause of farmers affected by floods in Belgaum and Bagalkot districts over the past four years.C C Patil, an MLA from Nargund, is a loyalist of former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa. A farmer who originally belonged to Janata Dal (United) joined BJP during the 2008 assembly elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11805733", "title": "Porn row: Probe ordered, action will be taken, says BJP", "text": "ALLAHABAD: BJP national president Nitin Gadkari today said an inquiry would be ordered against the three Karnataka ministers who have been accused of watching porn inside the state assembly and \"suitable action\" would follow.\"As of now, all the three ministers claim to be innocent. However, an inquiry will be ordered into the episode and suitable action will be taken by the chief minister of the state\", Gadkari told reporters here.Admitting that the allegations have \"evoked an outcry which is natural\", the BJP president assured that \"suitable action will follow once the inquiry is completed and the allegations are proved or disproved\".He said, \"there is deterioration in all walks of life. Unfortunately, politics has not remained immune to that. Though such things do lead to embarrassment\".Gadkari had last night spoken to Karnataka chief minister Sadananda Gowda over phone on the issue. Sources close to Gadkari said he also spoke to the party's state unit chief K S Eswarappa on the incident.A regional TV channel aired the footage of Minister for Cooperation Laxman Savadi and Minister for Women and Child Development C C Patil watching the allegedly porn clippings when the assembly was debating the issue of hoisting of Pakistan national flag in a town in Bijapur district on the New Year's day.The footage telecast also by some regional channels after the assembly adjourned for the day, showed Savadi watching the video and later joined by Patil for a brief while.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11802534", "title": "2 murders reported", "text": "GONDIA: Two murders were reported around Gondia on Monday, one was that of a reporter Vinod Yewale from Rawanwadi village and the second of a Goregaon-based woman who was suspected to be involved in practicing black magic .Vinod Yewale (35) was a reporter and agent working for a local daily. It is suspected that he was murdered and his body was dumped at the dry canal between Rawanwadi and Moggarra. It was evident from the several wounds on his head, forehead and the neck that he was attacked with a sharp weapon. His body was found in the canal early on Monday morning and the villagers reported the matter to the police. PSI Suryawanshi of Rawanwadi is investing the matter.In another incident Pandurang Katewar (58) of Bhangaram Square, Goregaon killed his wife Reshma (55) with an axe on Monday morning. tnnPandurang reportedly had been continuously asking his wife not to indulge into black magic but she paid no heed to his request. Goregaon police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11801463", "title": "Traffic restrictions at Barkatpura", "text": "HYDERABAD: Keeping in view of the Nagamaihkunta Nala slab re-construction work to be taken up by GHMC, city police will be imposing traffic diversions at Fever Hospital Junction from February 9. Heavy vehicles including RTC buses, DCM vans coming from Koti to Osmania University will be diverted at Andhra Yuvati Mandali in Barkatpura towards Crown Cafe and Baghlingampally.Heavy vehicles and DCM vans coming from Vidyanagar to Barkatpura will be diverted at Hindi Maha Vidyalaya towards VST and Baghlingampally.Heavy vehicles and DCM vans coming from Tilaknagar to Fever Hospital will be diverted towards NCC Junction and Vidya Nagar. Heavy vehicles coming from Naryanaguda flyover to Fever Hospital will be diverted at Crown Cafe Junction towards Bagh Lingampally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11800457", "title": "40 live cartridges found in Rajpath bin", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fifty cartridges, including 40 live bullets, were recovered from a dustbin near Rajpath, a kilometre from Rashtrapati Bhavan and the Parliament House complex. Police sources said such bullets are often used in medium machine guns (MMG).The cartridges were spotted by CRPF head constable Santosh Rawade and cadet Vinay Kumar around 12.30pm on Monday. The two personnel were on patrol near Rajpath.While checking the dustbin in the enclosure behind Shastri Bhavan, they came across a packet inside it, the police said.They found 40 live cartridges used in medium machine guns and ten bullets of 12 bore each. The police were informed and a team was sent to the spot, said cops.The MMG and 12 bore cartridges were in separate packets inside the dustbin. Police officials said some unidentified person had left the cartridges in the dustbin.\"We have registered a case under the Arms Act and are on the lookout for suspects. It is a serious matter as the area is a high-security region,\" said a senior police officer. We are scrutinising the CCTV footage of the area for clues to crack the case, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11800476", "title": "Sushanta gets a hero's welcome", "text": "KOLKATA: He went in as a fall guy, largely ignored by his senior comrades. But when CPM MLA Sushanta Ghosh walked out of Alipore jail on interim bail on Tuesday, there was a cheering crowd to greet him. There were slogans, bouquets, smiles and back-thumping.If CPM couldn't find a hero in its darkest phase, it was going to create one. Sushanta is going to be put on the dais at CPM's Brigade rally on February 19.The CPM strongman has spent more than six months behind bars in connection with the murder of five Trinamool Congress activists at Garbeta's Benachapra, his ancestral home. He was granted bail in Supreme Court and the papers for his release reached the Midnapore court on Monday evening.Early Tuesday morning, Sushanta's legal counsels collected his release order and a special messenger set off for Kolkata with the documents around 11.15am. A procession of CPM leaders and supporters from Midnapore followed. Meanwhile, in Kolkata, a thousand-strong crowd had gathered in front of Alipore central jail to greet the Garbeta MLA.A flock of senior leaders - Rabin Deb, Amitava Nandi, Sujan Chakraborty, Deepak Dasgupta and even the Leader of the Opposition Surjya Kanta Mishra - spent a few hours in front of the jail to receive their long-time comrade.Apprehending a crowd, police had been deployed in strength since early morning and guard rails had been put up in front of the main gate. Around 2.25pm, jail guards escorted Sushanta to the main gate. As soon as he stepped out, the welcome party started shouting 'Comrade Laal Salam'. A group of young supporters sang \"We shall overcome\" and a clutch of students handed him a bouquet of 181 red roses for each day spent in jail.Senior party leaders hugged him. His close aides like West Midnapore district secretary Deepak Sarkar, Bijay Pal and Satyen Maity were in the front row. Sushanta's wife Karuna, a CPM district committee member, was pushed to the end of the queue when the crowd surged forward. Finally, with the help of police and party leaders, the couple got into a car around 2.48pm and headed for the MLA hostel on Kyd Street.Sushanta looked pleased but avoided speaking to the media. \"The party will speak. I will not say anything. So many people have come to the jail gate. It is upto you to make out what it means,\" he said. He might leave for his home in Garbeta where his elderly mother Mrinmoyee has been waiting. \"I saw my son's release on television. I am waiting for his call,\" Mrinmoyee told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11801769", "title": "\u2018Rahul Gandhi\u2019 in fray too", "text": "MUMBAI: Rahul Gandhi is campaigning for the Uttar Pradesh assembly elections but his namesake may end up reaping the benefits hundreds of kilometres away in Kandivli. In the fray for the civic elections in ward 20 this Gandhi is not only making the contest interesting but also embarrassing for Congress candidate Pradeep Thakur, who is finding it hard to seek votes in the name of the Congress scion and party general secretary.\"It is a tricky situation and we are finding it hard to seek votes for Rahulji. It is tougher when the name of the opposite candidate is Rahul Gandhi,\" said a Congress functionary.Of the nearly 2,200 candidates in the fray, many are making the poll interesting because of their names or blood relations. This year though, Sharad Pawar, the namesake of Union agriculture minister and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) chief, is not in fray but he has fielded his wife from ward 150, Kurla. Pawar had drawn mileage because of his name during the 2007 elections . \"The name of a candidate and poll symbol are things voters identify with most. It is an advantage for a candidate to have a favorable symbol or name,\" said a state election commission (SEC) official.In other oddities, two candidates of the same name are contesting from ward 5 (Ashok Wan in Dahisar). The first of the two of Sanjay Ghadi is a Shiv Sena candidate and other contesting independently. With the clash of names the duo has decided to seek votes on their symbols rather than their names. Many candidates have kept the clash within the family, like the sister-brother duo of Shailendra Vijay and Harinakshi Chirath, the former contesting on a Bharatiya Janata Party ticket and the latter Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS). The two are facing each other in ward 105, Bhandup. Another sibling duo is from ward 116 (Powai). Chandan Sharma, is contesting on an NCP ticket, while brother Bhawani Sharma is a BJP candidate.There are other blood relations in the fray like sistersin-law Bharti and Sushma Pandangle, who are facing off in ward 25, Kandivli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11802100", "title": "DAVV made excess payment of Rs 43 lakh to private contractor", "text": "INDORE: An audit team that undertook an audit into the functioning of the Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV) has found irregularities to the tune Rs 43 lakh in award of contract to construct girls hostel.The private construction company was awarded the contract to build the hostel in April 2008. The financial irregularity is related to the purchase of 3.26 lakh kg steel bars at a higher rate. The Gwalior-based audit team has objected to the expenses incurred in the DAVV accounts when it found that the varsity allegedly paid Rs 43 lakh more to the private construction company towards purchasing 3.26 lakh kg steel bars, a construction material required for building the hostel premises for about 200 girls, sources said. The audit team recently visited the varsity to check the ledger. The audit, which was conducted last week, found that the varsity allegedly paid funds to the private construction company for purchasing steel bars at the rate of Rs 51 per kg.The varsity entered into a contract with the construction company in April 2008 and steel bars were bought in May 16, 2008. Thus a difference of Rs 13 per kg of steel bars what the varsity reportedly paid to the construction company and the then market rate, claimed sources.Sources said the contract stated that payment would be made on the market rates prevailing then. The surplus payment resulted in the university paying an additional Rs 43 lakh to the contractor. However, the DAVV authorities were not available for comment in this regard. When TOI tried to contact the varsity officials on the issue, they avoided responding to the calls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "11800994", "title": "Process to appoint Lokayukta soon: CM", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: The process to appoint a new Lokayukta will begin in two days' time, and the selection of Lokayukta Chief Justice of Karnataka High Court, Speaker and opposition leader will be consulted, said chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda here at Kadur.The chief minister was speaking to reporters on the sideline of the Taralabalu Hunnime programme here. He said he will take into account all the views while selecting the Lokayukta.Reacting to the utterances of KPCC chief G Parameshwara, who said he was skeptical about Gowda presenting the budget since former CM B S Yeddyurappa, who wants to sit on the saddle again, will prevent him from doing so, he said Parameshwara is just day-dreaming and said that he is bent on presenting the farmers' budget. He added that the BJP has always upheld the farmers' interest. He said action will be initiated against erring officials who are responsible for the issue of duplicating Aadhaar cards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "chandapur", "code": "11802546", "title": "Moderate polling reported in Chanda, Gadchiroli", "text": "CHANDAPUR: Moderate polling was recorded for 57 zilla parishad and 114 panchayat samiti seats in the district as the fate of 927 candidates were sealed in the EVMs on Tuesday. Though final polling figures were not available with election authorities by evening, trends suggest average 65-70% polling.Polling began on a weak note in the morning. Despite leave given to government employees for polling, voters response was poor initially. Around 30% voters exercised their franchise till noon. Polling figure were at 40% at 1.30pm. Polling percentage rose to 53.40% by 3.30pm. \"A total of 5.84 lakh voters (53.40%) including 2.79 lakh females and 3.05 lakh males had exercised their franchise by 3.30pm,\" said polling officers.However, there was a good turnout by the end of the day and election officers expect polling figures to rise to 65-70%. A total of 4,225 Electronic Voting Machines (EVMs) were used for the polling at 1,817 polling booths.Polling remained largely peaceful except few incidents.A technical glitch was discovered in the EVM at Talodhi village in the morning. Sources claimed the EVM machine in polling booth no. 105 at ZP primary girl's school malfunctioned. After only three voters had cast their votes, it was discovered that the EVM did not beep after the button was pressed. After voters reported the problem, EVM machine was inspected by technicians and the glitch was repaired. The three voters who had cast their vote on faulty EVM were allowed to recast their votes.Similarly, voters of ward no. 3 in Durgapur and Ward no. 1 in Morva boycotted polling to protest lack of basic amenities in their area. Poor polling of less than 5% was reported at these places.In another incident, cops had to resort to minor baton charge in village Chora in Bramhapuri following ruckus between two groups at a polling booth. Police department had deployed over 2,550 cops and two companies of SRP to ensure tight security during the poll.Gadchiroli records 46% polling till 1.30 pmGadchiroli district recorded moderate polling in ZP and PS elections held in seven tehsils during first phase of polling on Tuesday. Fate of 601 candidates, including 217 for ZP seats and 384 for PS seats, was sealed in the EVMs. Polling was held between 7.30am and 3pm for security reasons. Final figure of polling was not available with election officers by evening. Poll figures up to 1.30pm were recorded at 46.23% and total polling was expected to rise up to 55-60% by the end of the day.Tension was reported in village Maushi in Gadchiroli tehsil after an election officer reportedly closed the polling booth 15 minutes before the deadline. Similarly, two polling booths, Dhanori and Lavari in Kurkheda tehsil, were shifted to Palasgad and Antargaon respectively due to security reasons. Polling in village Neemgaon reportedly started one hour late due to delay in arrival of the polling parties in the morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11798994", "title": "Private clean-up marshals can't collect fines: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court on Tuesday asked the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation under what power it has allowed a private party to collect fines.A division bench of Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice Ramesh Dhanuka was hearing a petition by an association of ready-mix concrete truck owners, alleging that clean-up marshals appointed by Sulabh Security were detaining their trucks for tracking mud on the roads and releasing them after collecting a fine of Rs 10,000. The association said that fresh mix had to be delivered to sites within three hours and they had suffered huge monetary losses due to the detainments. Sulabh Security has been appointed by the BMC to sweep the streets, collect waste and levy fines.The association's advocate, Mukesh Vashi, said that the BMC had delegated such powers under the bylaw Greater Mumbai Cleanliness and Sanitation 2000, framed under Section 461 (e) (e) of the BMC Act. He argued that the bylaw is ultra vires and not in consonance with the BMC Act as there is no existing provision and the power to penalize is a sovereign power of the state. \"The BMC cannot hand over or delegate power to private contractors,\" said Vashi.Vashi said that fresh cement mix is rotates in the truck and if detained, the cement solidifies and there is a loss of nearly Rs 1lakh. He said there was no mechanism to adjudicate the dispute. \"Who will decide whether I dirtied the road,\" he asked. \"The BMC's roads are so dirty that when our vehicles pass, they naturally carry the dirt on the main roads. Then they fine us,\" he added. Vashi also said that the contractor is given the power under the bylaws to penalize offenders by getting them to do an hour of social work.The judges agreed with Vashi that sovereign power cannot be delegated to a private party. However, BMC advocate Vidya Gharpure said the bylaws have been sanctioned by the state. \"The bylaws are framed after calling for suggestions and objections,\" she said.The judges have adjourned the matter by a week while restraining collection of fines by the marshals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11800987", "title": "Workshop on social media", "text": "MYSORE: SDM Institute for Management Development, a premier B-school, located in Mysore is holding a one-day workshop on Social Media at its campus, foot of Chamundi Hills on February 10. The workshop aims to equip participants with the basic know-how on social media and familiarize them with social media tools to help expand their professional network.The workshop will be facilitated by professors Malathi Sriram, Mohamed Minhaj and Neetu Ganapathy from SDMIMD. In addition, Advit Sahdev, CEO, ODigMa. Bangalore, a professional organization offering brand management and marketing solutions on social media, will share his experiences on creating and maintaining a social media presence for a company. P Vinay, an entrepreneur and founder of Royal Mysore Walks, a Walking Tour company based in Mysore, will talk about how he leveraged social media to his entrepreneurial advantage.The workshop will be held on Friday, February 10, and will start at 9.30am at the SDMIMD campus. Not more than 15 registrations will be taken. Registration will be based on first-come, first-serve basis. Those interested should register their names at the earliest. For registration, contact: 0821-2429722. Contact Professor Neetu Ganapathy: 9880189469.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11790833", "title": "Mahesh Bhatt announces \u201cAashiqui 2\u201d", "text": "\"Aashiqui\" - that made Rahul Roy and Anu Agarwal stars overnight is back. Twenty-one years after the film and its music became a box office hit, it is all set for a sequel.Mahesh Bhatt announced it saying, \"21 years later, Bhushan Kumar and Mohit Suri have come together to dream the same dream that we did 21 years ago... \"Aashiqui 2\" wil dare to rise up to the expectations ignited by this ageless musical and continue the legacy... It will be written by Shagufta Rafique and it is not a REMAKE!\"Getting nostalgic, Mahesh furthermore said, \"The best kept secret about \"Aashiqui\" is that it is also an autobiographical film, as it deals with the story of my very first love.\" It was in 1991 that Mahesh and Bhushan Kumar had a pact wherein Bhushan had told Mahesh to make a musical love story and promised him that the film will remain in the hearts of every Indian for decades to come.According to Mahesh, Bhushan had said, 'Let us make a movie that captures all the seasons of the heart in love...the human heart has remained unchanged since the dawn of time.'After 21 years, the magic of \"Aashiqui\" is all set to win hearts all over again. Will this one be as big as the first one? Only time will tell!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11801305", "title": "Showers bring back chill", "text": "KANPUR: The city witnessed rainfall on Tuesday evening which brought back chill in the atmosphere.In the past few days, both the maximum and the minimum temperatures have risen. Due to the bright sunny days, the people, particularly were feeling relaxed. The meteorological department had predicted more showers. It is expected that it may rain even on Wednesday.The sudden rainfall forced the people to rush for cover. The commuters were seen standing under shades to save themselves from getting drenched. The rainfall lashed the city twice. After a gap, it again rained and by late evening, the weather was much chiller.On Tuesday, the maximum temperature was recorded at 21.2 degrees and minimum was 10. The humidity was 93 per cent. Tuesday's rainfall brought the maximum temperature down by 3 degrees. On Monday, the maximum temperature stood at 24.2 degrees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11800466", "title": "Another bag with body parts found on railway tracks", "text": "KOLKATA: Railway police on Tuesday found portions of a human body stuffed in a large polythene bag from the rail tracks at Sealdah station. Similar large black polythene bags stuffed with human body parts was also found at Kalyani late on Monday. Cops have reasons to believe that all the body parts are of the same person.Around 8.30am on Tuesday, passengers of Dankuni Local, which was standing at platform number 1, first complained of a stench from the tracks. They spotted the black poly bag between platform number 1 and 2 and informed police, who later found decomposed body parts in the bag.\"Portions of chest to thigh of a male person have been found in the bag. The body was probably chopped with a sharp weapon,\" said an investigator. Police believe that other body parts, including the severed head, found in three different bags at Kalyani are of the same person who was in his mid-thirties. Investigators suspect the murderer chopped the body and dividing the parts into separate bags and dumped them at different places. Probably, the man was travelling in a train and dropped the bags from a late-night train.\"The case is mysterious and we are in touch with other agencies to crack the puzzle,\" said Tapas Bose, superintendent of railway police (Sealdah).The series of incidents of unidentified bodies being dumped across the city has left the cops puzzled. Earlier on January 24, a decomposed body of a nine-year-old girl packed in a bag was found at Park Circus station. Police are yet to identify the body. A couple from Canning initially claimed the girl as their missing daughter but later their missing kid returned. Railway police collected victim's DNA profile for future identification.On the very next day, another body of a teenage girl was recovered inside a jute bag under the Dhakuria bridge. Again, police could proceed little to identify the victim. Based on some ragpickers and local shopowners' statements, police published a sketch of two suspected persons who reportedly dumped the jute bag from a taxi. Kolkata Police's homicide squad and railway police started probing the case. After initial investigation, they suspect the killer probably killed the man in an act of vengeance, which led him to chop the victim brutally after killing him. Police are not ruling out involvement of psychopathic killer behind the series of murders either.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11804768", "title": "Kolkata Food and Nightlife Guide Awards 2012", "text": "and the Times food &amp; nightlife awards 2012 go to...Kolkata Winners, 2012 - FOODBEST NORTH INDIANDum Pukht (in 5-star hotel)Punj-Aab (stand alone)BEST SOUTH INDIANAmmini (stand alone)BEST BENGALIAaheli (in star hotel)Kasturi (stand alone)BEST CHINESEChinoiserie (in 5-star hotel)Red Hot Chilli Pepper (stand alone)BEST ORIENTALZen (in 5-star hotel)BEST EUROPEAN/CONTINENTALWest View Bar &amp; Grill (in 5-star hotel)Bohemian (stand alone)BEST ITALIANLa Cucina (in 5-star hotel)Spaghetti Kitchen (stand alone)BEST MEDITERRANEANSouk (in 5-star hotel)BEST VEGETARIANHaveli (stand alone)BEST CONFECTIONERYThe Gourmet Shop (in 5-star hotel)Cookie Jar (stand alone)BEST ALL-DAY DININGThe Waterside Cafe (in 5-star hotel)BEST COFFEE BARCoffee Bean &amp; Tea LeafBEST MITHAI SHOPBalaram Mallick &amp; Radharaman MallickGirish Chandra Dey and Nakur Chandra NandyKolkata Winners, 2012 - NIGHTLIFEBEST BARS/PUBSThe Junction (in 5-star hotel)BEST NIGHTCLUBUnderground (in 5-star hotel)BARS WITH BEST COCKTAILSVenom (stand alone)BEST AL FRESCO BARSplash (in 5-star hotel)BARS WITH BEST LIVE ENTERTAINMENTSomeplace Else (in 5-star hotel)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11801556", "title": "Home ministry asks states, UTs to prevent trafficking, trace missing kids", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union home ministry has sought a report from the Delhi Police in the case of baby Falak, the two-year-old child who has been undergoing treatment in AIIMS, and sent a detailed advisory to all states and Union Territories asking them to take adequate measures to prevent trafficking and trace missing children.\"It is a case of human trafficking. We are seeking report from the Delhi Police,\" additional secretary in the home ministry B Bhamathi said, adding the police have been probing the case to find out the people responsible for the pathetic condition of the baby.She said: \"Strict action will be taken if anyone found guilty\". Falak was brought to the AIIMS on January 18 in a critical condition with severe head injury and bite marks.The ministry asked the states to profile all traffickers, which are being done as an organized crime. \"Whether these missing children land up in begging ring, prostitution, pedophilic net, organ trade or end up getting exported for Camel jockeying, it is always an organized crime,\" said the ministry.Though Falak's case appears to be a bit different, officials believe that her mother seems to be a victim of human trafficking.Asking states to step up anti-trafficking drills, the ministry advised them for a cohesive approach among all stakeholders for tracing missing children. States have also been asked to maintain a comprehensive database of missing children and share it with all police stations across the country with the help of computerized network.Bhamathi said the existing anti-trafficking laws in the country were powerful, and they need to be implemented in both letter and spirit.Separately, the ministry also announced institution of awards for recognition of outstanding work done by individuals and organizations to combat human trafficking. A three-member committee, comprising former home secretary G K Pillai, retired IPS officer Koshy Koshy and IGNOU vice-chancellor M Aslam, will shortlist the awardees from the nominations received by the ministry.The awards will be given in three categories. While category-I is for states/UTs in which two awards each of Rs 2 lakh will be given, category-II will have three awards and will be given to individual officers of states/UTs. The award in this category will carry a commendation and cash prize of Rs 1.5 lakh.Category-III is for NGOs/civil society groups and will contain two awards of Rs 75,000 each. The last date for nominations is March 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11802627", "title": "Stray incidents of violence reported in Amravati", "text": "AMRAVATI: Barring some sporadic incidents, the election held for 59 seats of zilla parishad and 88 seats of panchayat samiti were held in peaceful atmosphere on Wednesday. Till 3.30pm 48.50% voting was reported from Amravati.Though voting started on dull note, the voters stepped out of their home enthusiastically in the afternoon to exercise their franchise. The 50% reservation given to women in civic polls has increased their enthusiasm, as this year many women turned up for voting. Till 3.30pm 48.50% voting was reported from Amravati district. Achalpur taluka reported maximum 59.32% voting followed by Warud 53%, Chandur Bazaar 52.49% and Chikhaldara 41.09%.There are 13,31,765 voters in Amravati district of which 6,45,923 voters including 3,12,589 women exercised their franchise by 3pm.Government has declared a holiday on Wednesday so that maximum people can vote. Collector Rahul Mahiwal and police superintendent S Jaikumar inspected Salora and some other polling centres.At Sategoan village in Karla panchayat samiti some Congress and Shiv Sena activists came to blows at booth No.5. The activists of both parties pelted stone at each and exchanged blows. Vinod Dalu and Vishwas Wankhade of Congress and Pravin Pakhare and Anant Dutonde of Shiv Sena sustained injuries in scuffle. All four were rushed to hospital for treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11802609", "title": "HC slams govt on Dabha toll booth", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of Bombay high court on Tuesday blasted Maharashtra government on the toll booth on Wadi-Dabha road (off Amravati Road), asking how it could be set up within city limits. A division bench comprising justices PB Majmudar and Prasanna Varale asked the government to file a compliance report regarding identifying alternate land for the toll booth within two weeks.Earlier, additional government pleader Bharti Dangre appearing on behalf of respondents - including chief engineer of state PWD, executive engineer of Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) and Nagpur collector - informed the court that they could not find a suitable space to relocate the booth.The court's rebuff to the government authorities came while hearing a petition filed by Amit Khot and Kiran Bachaal through their counsel Shrikant Khandalkar. The petitioners alleged that those manning the booth were harassing commuters.Terming the toll booth as 'illegal', the petitioners claimed that it was set up within city limits and its distance from Nagpur city is just 1.3km.In spite of objections raised by citizens, the toll booth was erected within city limits and was causing hardship to those residing in nearby areas, they claimed.A senior police inspector from traffic branch even conducted an initial inspection of the booth in August 2009 and pointed out to MSRDC officials that its location in not as per guidelines and it needs to be shifted further away. The PWD chief engineer too had objected to its location and subsequently refused to give no-objection certificate (NOC), Khot contended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11800147", "title": "Students study climatic changes in desert", "text": "JODHPUR: A group of 20 students from International Climate Champions Program were in Jodhpur to study and experience climatic changes in the Thar Desert spread across western Rajasthan. Organised jointly by the British Council and Jal Bhagirathi Foundation (JBF), this one-week programme saw participation by the students from the UK, China, Bangladesh and India.The group was headed by G S Gujral, the president of the science department of British Council. According to JBF project director Kanupriya Harish these students, besides collecting data in terms of changes, also had saw the age-old traditional techniques and system of water harvesting and water conservation still prevalent in this region. \"They were amazed to see the people in the desert battling all odds to live a sustainable life in harsh and unfavourable weather conditions\", Kanupriya said.\"The group appreciated the resoluteness of the people here and learnt how the age-old techniques are still relevant not only to handle the environmental odds but also keeping with the changes\", said Gujral. The programme concluded on Tuesday with a presentation by each participant and was attended by Gaj Singh, the erstwhile ruler of Jodhpur and chairman of JBF.International Climate Champions is a youth-oriented programme run by the British Council. This programme is a part of British Council's global project 'Climate Generation' which is delivered through a network of Climate Champions across the world.The main objective of this programme is to make younger generation aware of how human activity is dramatically altering the environment of world that we live in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11804694", "title": "Katrina wants to be part of South films", "text": "The B'wood diva wants to be a part of south Indian films, but can't!Talk of Katrina Kaif doing movies with Rajinikanth, Mohanlal and Kamal Hassan continue to make the rounds. Producers are busy issuing statements saying, 'We are in talks with Katrina for our upcoming projects'. But, Kat has a different story to say. Her manager says, \"Apart from Soundarya Rajinikanth , there has been no direct communication with any of the other producers down south.\"The manager admits that Kat is offered umpteen south movies through liaison agents. \"However, there has been no direct communication of any sort with any established banner. No scripts, monies or dates have been discussed.'' Kat's manager adds, \"Katrina is a deep admirer of cinema made in the south and she is also fully clued into the legendary status of some of the leading men. She has utmost respect for Mohanlal, Mammootty , Kamal Hassan and Rajinikanth. But she has not signed any south film yet.''Kat's dates for 2012 are clearly divided between Salman Khan's Ek Tha Tiger and Shah Rukh Khan's Diwali release (being directed by Yash Chopra ). There are also commercial endorsements, appearances and she is committed to shooting for Dhoom-3 with Aamir Khan. A source informs us that Katrina was sincerely trying to find those seven days for Soundarya's Kochadaiyaan but couldn't manage to eventually.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11800117", "title": "Eight killed, 20 injured in 3 road accidents", "text": "JAIPUR: Eight people were killed while 20 others injured in three separate road accidents across the state. In an accident that took place on Sikar-Fatehpur road three persons were killed in a head-on collision between a bus and a car. All the deceased were members of the same family and were going to Bhiwani, Haryana to meet their relatives, police said.\"The collision was so intense that the front part of the jeep was broken into pieces and three persons were killed on the spot,\" said a senior police officer in Sikar.In a similar accident in Sikar near Badhgarji Mandi five people of a family were killed in a head-on collision between a car and a truck. The victims were going to Taranagar in Churu district and were identified as Ishaq (70), Mohammed Veer (44), Sameera Bano (35), Mohammed Zakir (25) and Mohamed Shaqil (30).The police had to use metal cutters to take out the bodies. Villagers too helped the police. In another road accident in Kumbhalgarh 20 were injured when the bus in which they were traveling overturned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11799724", "title": "MNS wants rally near Sena Bhavan", "text": "MUMBAI: The Raj Thackeray-led Maharashtra Navnirman Sena now wants to hold an election rally near Shiv Sena Bhavan, a provocation to Matoshree in the run-up to the February 16 civic elections, following the Bombay High Court's recent judgment turning down a plea to hold a meeting at Shivaji Park on February 13.The estranged Thackeray cousins are locked in a fierce battle to capture the civic body here.Stating that the judgment, rejecting the MNS plea that the park was a 'silence zone' , was 'flawed', Thackeray said, \"The court is yet to give a ruling on a long-pending petition, which will determine if Shivaji Park is a recreation ground or playground under civic rules.'' He wondered how the court could turn down the MNS plea without first disposing off the earlier petition.The MNS has now written to the Shivaji Park police station seeking permission for a meeting at the Ram Ganesh Gadkari Chowk. Legislator Nitin Sardesai said they were awaiting a reply from the police station.The MNS game-plan is to put the home department in a tight spot and hurl a political challenge at the Sena too, MNS observers said. \"Accepting the MNS plea to hold a rally near Sena Bhavan is fraught with risks. Apart from traffic, the jamboree may trigger tension in the area,'' said a home department source.Raj Thackeray has accused NCP chief Sharad Pawar and Sena president Bal Thackeray of working closely to stop the MNS's \"big strides'' across Mumbai.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has urged the MNS not to press for its demand to hold a rally at Shivaji Park. \"Times have changed. Today, politicians need not insist on addressing a meeting from a vast maidan. They can make use of latest technology, such as mobiles, the Internet and social networking sites,'' Chavan told mediapersons at his official Malabar Hill residence.The state home department belongs to the NCP. The home department asks the state counsel to tell the high court not to allow the MNS plea to hold a poll meeting at Shivaji Park. The high court accepts the state government's plea. There is surely a design in all this. The Balasaheb Thackeray-Sharad Pawar friendship is working overtime against my party,'' he added.Earlier, Raj had taken on the state election commission. In a rebuff to state election commissioner Neela Satyanarayan, Raj had wondered if the SEC had shown exceptional alacrity in granting pardon to Maharashtra's deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar in a case of the alleged violation of the model code of conduct. The commission should be above board and should be seen to be above board,'' the MNS chief stated.Second, he had also demanded that results for the statewide zilla parishad elections should not be made public before the polling for the 10 municipal corporation elections which is on February 16. Other political parties too echoed identical views and the SEC accepted the suggestion. The SEC has geared up its machinery to facilitate announcement of the results for the twin elections on February 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "when 23-year-old pavithra s from hoskote decided to end her life it was for a very simple reason", "code": "11801670", "title": "How looks can kill", "text": "When 23-year-old Pavithra S from Hoskote decided to end her life it was for a very simple reason: she was upset that she was darkskinned and obese. She consumed pesticide but survived as she was rushed to hospital by her family members in time.Eighteen-year-old Anamika (name changed) too was distraught after her maternal uncle declined to marry her because of her dark complexion . The girl tried to get rid of her dark skin by pouring kerosene on her face. Thanks to timely medical help, she is now recovering. Poor performance in exams and failed relationships are not the only reasons why youngsters decide to end their lives. Peer pressure to look good is so severe that doctors are seeing more and more young girls coming to them with complaints of depression borne out of their appearance.An agriculturist's daughter, Pavithra got into depression after being repeatedly told that she was dark and obese.\"I decided to end my life because of the repeated humiliations heaped on me due to my dark skin and obesity. Several marriage proposals were turned down,\" says Pavithra.Pavithra took the extreme step after making all possible efforts to see herself slim and fair. Right from using all kinds of creams and tonics, to staying hungry for weeks, she tried them all. \"She is one of those suffering from addictive disorder. There are many youngsters among the rural population who think that being fair and slim is the signature of beauty ,\" says Dr G P Gururaj, consultant psychiatrist from MVJ Medical College and Research Hospital, who treated Pavithra. \"I used to fast for weeks to reduce weight, but nothing happened. I have now realized to forget the fact that I am fat,\" Pavithra told TOI.Dr Sudha Mayee Venkatesh, consultant dermatologist from Columbia Asia hospital, who treated Anamika, says, \" Beauty can never be equated with fair skin. Fairness is not always healthy.\"The social stigmaDr G Srikanth, head of gastroenterology and bariatric surgeries in BGS Global hospital, says at least 25% of obese women suffer from depression. \"There are no studies conducted in India on this, but studies taken up in Western countries have revealed that depression is closely associated with obesity. We also do a psychological evaluation of patients whom we treat for obesity. Our psychiatrists counsel them when required. There is social stigma attached to obesity , which makes women suffer from inferiority complex,\" he explains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "11801159", "title": "International flights from Vizag in March", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: International flights from Vizag will become a reality with the first flight to Dubai taking off on March 26. The inaugural fare of Vizag-Hyderabad-Dubai flight has been fixed at Rs 9,377 by Air India.Marking the operation of first international flight from the port city, flight IC 952 will take off from Visakhapatnam on March 26.The Vizag chapter of the Air Travelers Association of India has requested the travelling public to avail the facility to fly to Dubai from Vizag.Meanwhile, Singapore Airlines has, in principle, agreed to operate a direct flight from Visakhapatnam. \"The airlines authorities in that country have taken up the issue with our authorities for final clearance which is expected soon,\" a member of Visakhapatnam Air Travelers Association (VATA) said.The representatives of VATA along with Union minister of state for human resource development Daggubati Purandeswari met civil aviation minister Ajit Singh and urged him to give the clearance for operating direct flights to Singapore and other international destinations.Sources said the civil aviation department is holding a meeting in March to discuss the measures to speed up international flight operations at Visakha airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11802612", "title": "Anticipatory bail forKhandelwal's wife", "text": "Pratibha, wife of Pramod Khandelwal, owner of the six-storey Pravesh Cold Storage in Kalamna that caved in last week while killing 17 persons, was granted anticipatory bail on Tuesday. Her application was listed before the sessions judge PM Dunedar. Her counsel Prakash Naidu said the judge contended that Pratibha is a homemaker and the business, though in her name, was operated by her husband. tnnwho is already behind bars. He informed that his client had executed a power of attorney in favour of Pramod to run the business. He added that Pratibha had lost a boy, who she considered as her nephew, and family's close friend Pawan Kedia in the building collapse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11798946", "title": "Outdoor games, exercise keep teens healthy and fit", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's unbelievable how unfit teenagers are,\" exclaims Deepika Saxena, who runs a fitness studio in GK. \"Women in their 30s and 40s also come here and they are fitter than the teens.\" Saxena has many teenagers attending her group-fitness dancing classes - mainly zumba and belly, while a few opt for pilates. \"We lack outdoor spaces that teens - especially girls - can use. That infrastructure is just not there,\" says the owner of Body Temple.It's not just the lack of space, time is also in short supply. Dr Nitin Verma of Max Healthcare, Saket, enumerates the main causes for ill health among teens - a fast-food diet, shrinking of both time and space for outdoor games and the advent of technology that keeps children hooked. \"They are giving us a generation that's overweight and unhealthy. Fast food is high in carbohydrates and kids engage in fewer physical activities now,\" says Verma. \"Very few children engage in organized games and 20-25% of kids are obese. There's also a very high incidence of blood pressure and diabetes mellitus, which are lifestyle disorders.\"Fitness consultant Raghav Pande, who runs Xcel Fitness, is against processed food. \"Everybody's living on processed food these days - biscuits, bread - they're all processed. Most have ingredients like hydrogenated vegetable oils and these have health implications,\" he says.Colony parks have been spruced up, landscaped and handed over to the older members of the community to walk in. \"The government, schools and parents must work together. There has to be suitable infrastructure in every colony,\" says Verma. Yoga is good but gym and \"physical trainers\" not so much. \"Gym is a serious business involving a particular kind of diet and supervision under so-called 'physical trainers' who usually tell you to buy protein from some chemist - it's unscientific.\"Saxena, also a mother of two, insists on exercise. \"I ensure I throw my kids out of the house,\" she says. They even pick up friends and take them all to the park. That's her battle against a sedentary lifestyle. \"You have to change with the times,\" she concedes. She knows a four-year-old who is addicted to the video game Angry Birds and Saxena's children often communicate with her through e-mails instead of meeting her.Verma suggests that schools must organize games for 45 minutes everyday and colonies must have parks with courts for some sports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11802051", "title": "E-governance : MP babudom needs to pull up its socks", "text": "INDORE: Barely a couple of days before it is to receive the prestigious national e-governance award from the Union government, the state government would appear to be way off the e-excellence mark, if this is anything to go by.A Bhopal-based NGO had emailed three applications to the state chief secretary on his official mail ID. These were regarding poor management of wildlife in MP (mailed on November 18), corruption in MNREGS, and mismanagement of hazardous waste, both on September 26. The applicant wanted to know what action the government had initiated on these three fronts.With the mails fetching no response, the applicant filed an RTI seeking those details. But the General Administrative Department (GAD) did not furnish the requisite information, forcing him to file the first appeal with the appellate officer of the office (GAD) but still to no avail. This was though the GAD is responsible for replying to queries on behalf of the chief minister and chief secretary.Following this, the applicant appealed to State Information Commissioner (SIC) P P Tiwari, and the latter directed the GAD to provide details on action taken.Subsequently, the public information officer Rajesh Kaul of General Administration Department (GAD) conveyed to the applicant that the chief secretary's office had informed that it did not receive any e-mail from him.Chief secretary Avani Vaish told TOI that he does not open his e-mails, only his staff does so. He, however, added he would look into the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "11802191", "title": "School seeks identification of heritage buildings", "text": "AMRITSAR: Guru Ramdas School of Planning of Guru Nanak Dev University has sent a proposal to the state government for identifying the buildings of heritage significance in the erstwhile princely states, historical cities and towns established by the Sikh Gurus, for the conservation of buildings of heritage significance on the lines of Himachal Pradesh government. The school has also decided to conduct a study on the heritage of Chamba.Talking to TOI on Tuesday, professor Balwinder Singh, head of Guru Ramdas School of Planning, who is also a member of the Heritage Conservation Advisory Committee of the country town planning department of Himachal Pradesh, said, \"The Himachal government has identified the core areas having cluster of buildings of heritage importance or old homes.\"\"No one can alter or carry out additional construction of their houses or other buildings falling in the core areas without approval of the committee,\" he said.He said the school had proposed the state government to constitute a similar heritage conservation advisory committee in Punjab after identification of core areas in Patiala, Faridkot, Kapurhala, Sangrur and Nabha.The historical towns established by the Sikh Gurus - Amritsar, Sultanpur Lodhi, Goindwal Sahib, Tarn Taran and Kapurthala - have the treasure of rich architectural heritage which needs to be preserved. He opined that this was the only way to bring uniformity in the traditional architecture character of rich heritage of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11801112", "title": "After 80 years, a bridge over Kosi", "text": "PATNA: Nearly 80 years after an earthquake snapped a critical link between Mithilanchal and Seemanchal regions of Bihar, these two areas, separated by the Kosi river, will be reconnected with the inauguration of a 1.8km bridge on Wednesday. People had depended either on boats or circuitous road route till now.Union road transport minister C P Joshi will on Wednesday inaugurate the four-lane Kosi Mahasetu, connecting Bhaptiahi and Saraigarh in Supaul district. Built at an outlay of over Rs 400 crore by the Gammon India , the road bridge, with a 8.75km approach road, will help promote commerce as it will cut distances between Supaul, Saharsa, Purnia and Madhepura districts on the one hand and Darbhanga and Madhubani districts on the other.The stone of the mega-bridge was laid by the then PM, Atal Bijhari Vajpayee, in June 2003.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11800612", "title": "Rs 20 lakh stolen from car", "text": "PUNE: Unidentified persons allegedly stole a bag containing Rs 20 lakh from a car parked on Gurudwara Road around 11 am on Tuesday.Alokkumar Jha (36) of Handewadi Road, Hadapsar, has lodged a complaint in this regard with the Cantonment police station.Senior police inspector Sushama Chavan told TOI that on Tuesday morning, Jha, who has a wholesale business of electric equipment, was on his way to his office in Ganesh Peth. \"When he reached Gurudwara Road, an army vehicle dashed his car,\" Chavan said.She said that Jha's car was damaged and the army personnel, who was driving the other vehicle, paid Jha Rs 20,000 for the damage. \"During that period, Jha had parked his car on the road side,\" Chavan said.When Jha went to his office, he found that his bag containing Rs 20 lakh was missing. \"Jha stated in his complaint that someone may have stolen the bag when he had parked the car on the road side after the accident,\" Chavan said.A case has been registered under section 379 ( theft) of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11801516", "title": "Govt defends move to cancel allotment of office space to Stalin", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu government has justified its decision to cancel the allotment of an MLA office space for former deputy chief minister MK Stalin, saying that the premises was allotted for use as scouts and guides office and as classrooms for a local school.After Stalin was elected from the Kolathur constituency last year, the corporation adopted a resolution on June 29, 2011 to allot office space 'for the temporary use of MLA'. It was formally opened on July 16, 2011. After the last assembly polls, the government decided to cancel the corporation resolution, prompting Stalin to file a writ petition challenging the civic body's decision to evict him. A single judge of the Madras high court had already stayed the implementation of the decision. The present petition is against the government order cancelling the resolution.Denying any political motive, the municipal administration department secretary Sheela Balakrishnan filed a counter-affidavit, stating that the Jawahar Nagar development society gave the land to the corporation in 1974 on a condition that it should be used for an educational purpose. Since no school was constructed till 1987, the society moved the court for return of the property. The counter contended that the office space was illegally allotted to Stalin to be used as MLA office. Denying that the premises were lying vacant till Stalin took possession of it, she said it was being used as scouts and guides office.Unless the corporation commissioner passes an order to implement the resolution, the allotment of office space could not be given effect to. When Stalin took possession of the premises, there was no order by the corporation commissioner permitting him to do so, the counter said. The matter will be taken up for hearing next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11801492", "title": "City sailor goes missing off Odisha coast", "text": "CHENNAI: A 21-year-old apprentice marine engineer from Chennai is feared dead after he went missing from a ship sailing off the Odisha coast on Sunday. When he failed to turn up for a class on board the ship owned by Poompuhar Shipping Corporation Limited (PSCL), the other crew members searched for him. Now they think he may have fallen off the deck into the sea.Engineer S Kannan's family received a letter from the company on Tuesday conveying that they had got the message of his going missing. The ship was heading towards Tuticorin, it said.Kannan's uncle A Jayamani, an interior decorator in Perungudi, said, \"The letter is signed by M K Thomas, officer on special duty (operations). Kannan's father A Saravanan and other family members have rushed to Orissa,\" he said. Saravanan, who works as a carpenter, had big dreams for his son. \"Though he wasn't rich, Saravanan made sure that his sons Kannan and Babu, who works in a private company, were well-placed in life. He struggled for his son Kannan's studies. He was immensely happy after knowing that he had enrolled as an apprentice with PSCL,\" said Jayamani.According to sources, some crew members had seen Kannan on board when the vessel left the Odisha port. He went missing between noon and 6pm on Sunday. The crew informed the ship's captain about Kannan's disappearance and searched for him. When they failed to trace him, the ship informed about the incident to the Chennai office.\"We don't know what has happened to him,\" said a tearful Jayamani, \"The company says search and rescue operations are on.\" When contacted, Captain M K Thomas, on whose behalf the letter was sent to the family, feigned ignorance. \"I am sorry. I am not aware of any such incident,\" he said.As per international maritime norms, if there is a suspected human casualty, all vessels crossing the region will be alerted. The nearest port will be informed to launch immediate search and rescue operations along the path the vessel had travelled. The local police, director general of shipping and port officials are all to be engaged in these operations. The authorities also seek help from navy and coast guard teams. Normally, search operations using helicopters and small aircraft continue for a few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11801171", "title": "Heavy vehicles banned on Ghat Road", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The district administration has decided to ban heavy vehicles on the renovated Thamarassery Ghat Road, which connects Kerala with Karnataka.Vehicles that fall under the ban include containers with 260cm width and 18.5m length, torres trucks, which normally carry 35 tonnes of load. The heavy vehicles can take the Bangalore-Coimbatore-Hussur-Palakkad route to reach the city.The road that was closed owing to repair works three weeks ago will be opened for vehicular traffic on Saturday. The renovation, which started on January 17, has been completed before the deadline.The decision regarding the ban was taken at a meeting of the people's representatives and officials held at the district collectorate on Tuesday. According to the district administration the ban is expected to ease traffic jams on the road.Those who attended the meeting asked the government to take steps for acquisition of private land for the widening of the road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11802152", "title": "Mega battle on: UP assembly elections begin today", "text": "LUCKNOW: Fifty-five assembly constituencies of Uttar Pradesh go to polls on Wednesday, setting in motion an electoral battle which will have a bearing on the timing of Rahul Gandhi assuming greater responsibilities and the Centre's stability, and provide Mulayam Singh Yadav with an opportunity to bounce back into pre-eminence in the largest state.Billed to be the mother of all state polls, the outcome of which will set the tempo for the 2014 Lok Sabha elections, the UP contest threatens to put an end to Mayawati's political supremacy and marks a challenge to the BJP.Phase 1 of UP polls to cover 10 districts; stakes highest for Congress, BSPThe first phase of the elections today in Central UP and a part of Terai region would witness a key contest between BSP, Congress and SP with BJP trying to make it four-cornered. But the prestige of Congress and BSP in particular is at stake. The BSP swept the region in 2007 assembly elections, whereas the Congress dominated the 2009 Lok Sabha poll.The first phase would also decide the fate of several bigwigs who are not in the fray but have put up their family members and have the responsibility to get maximum seats for their parties.The ten districts going to poll include Sitapur, Barabanki, Faizabad, Ambedkarnagar, Bahraich, Shravasti, Balrampur, Gonda, Sidharthnagar and Basti. The region is rich in agriculture. Over 80% people are dependent on rural economy. But it is highly backward with no industry or agri-marketing mechanism.Devastating floods in Ghaghra, Sharda and Saryu rivers are annual feature but no significant flood control work has been done by any government since independence. The dalit population in ten districts is between 17-30%. In 18 constituencies out of 55, Muslim population is between 20-29% and in 13 it is over 30%. Other backward classes (OBCs), mainly Kurmi, Aheer and Lodh castes, constitute 20-25% of population. Brahmin are 8-11%. Since Muslims votes are crucial, BSP has fielded 14 Muslim candidates, SP 10 and Congress nine. BJP is hoping to gain from split in Muslim votes and polarization of Hindus on the issue of Muslim quota.In 2007 assembly elections, BSP had won 30, SP 18, BJP 4 and Congress 3 out of total 55 assembly constituencies going to poll on February 8. The scene changed in 2009 Lok Sabha elections when both Congress and BSP won six seats each out of total 13 parliamentary constituencies in the ten districts. SP won only one.If assembly segment-wise analysis of the 2009 Lok Sabha shows that Congress was ahead at 29 segments, BSP in 15, SP 9 and BJP 1. The delimitation has changed the demographic and geographic profile of the constituencies. Now, there are 18 new constituencies, while 18 old ones have been purged.The 18 new constituencies were part of the Lok Sabha constituencies in 2009. The assembly segment-wise break up shows that in these 18 new constituencies, Congress was ahead in 10, BSP 5 and SP 3. Clearly, the balance swung in favour of the Congress in 2009 from the BSP in 2007.The Congress has pulled out all stops to maintain its score. From Muslim quota to promoting Gonda MP Beni Prasad Verma as OBC face of the party to Rahul Gandhi's visit to Dalit households, the party has tried everything up its sleeves to repeat the 2009 performance.Beni was given free hand by the Congress to select candidates in OBC-dominated region. Many called it Mandalisation of the Congress as traditional voters of the party during its heydays were Brahmin, Muslims and dalits. Beni's son Rakesh is contesting from Dariyapur in Barabanki, Domariaganj MP Jagdambika Pal's son Abhishek is contesting from Basti Sadar in Basti and Bahriach MP Kamal Kishore's wife Poonam is contesting from Balha reserved constituency in Bahriach.Other Congress MPs in this region whose prestige is at stake include Nirmal Khatri (Faizabad), Vinay Kumar (Shravasti) and PL Punia (Barabanki).Stalwarts from other parties in the fray include three ministers in Mayawati government Lalji Verma from Katehari in Ambedkarnagar, Ramhet Bharti from Hargaon in Sirapur, Sangram Singh Verma from Barabanki constituency in Barabanki district. Sanjay Rajbhar, son of Ram Achal Rajbhar, also minister in BSP government, is contesting from Akbarpur in Ambedkarnagar.From SP, former assembly speaker Mata Prasad Pandey is contesting from Itwa in Siddharthanagar, deputy leader of SP legislator party Waqar Ahmed Shah from Bahriach sadar, Arvind Singh Gope from Ramnagar in Barabanki and mafia-turned-politicians Mitrasen Yadav from Bikapur, Faizabad, and Abhay Singh from Gosainganj, Faizabad. Daddan Mishra, minister in BSP government, who had defected to BJP, is contesting from Bhinga, Shravasti. RLD state general secretary Munna Singh Chauhan from Bikapur, Faizabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11801607", "title": "Konkani play completes 100 yrs", "text": "MANGALORE: Come February 10, the Konkani community in Southern Indian peninsula will observe a cherished landmark. It was on this day in 1912 that 'Raja Chandrahasa', a Konkani play penned by writer, poet and music director late Bolanthuru Krishna Prabhu, was staged at Bantwal Temple School.Prabhu had written, directed and choreographed the first Konkani play which was published in 1914 in Victoria Printing Press.Songs used in this drama, including 'Chintheche Visthara Pattana' became a household rage in those days and flitted on the lips on Konkani speakers - old and young alike from Cochin to Mangalore and even Karwar.Krishna Prabhu went on to write eight other Konkani and three Kannada plays, which were also published by him subsequently. These plays were staged not only in Bantwal, and Mangalore, but also in other places as well.Striving to perpetuate memory of this event is Konkani Language and Cultural Foundation, which has drawn up series of programmes at the World Konkani Centre, Canara High School ground, here as well as in Bantwal on February 10 and 11.According to Basti Vaman Shenoy, chairman of the Foundation, highlight of the event will be staging of the play by students of SVS Educational Institutions at SVS Temple School and here.Vaman Shenoy told TOI that a committee headed by Pundalik Naik of Goa was set up and four regional conveners - one each from Mumbai, and Payyanur in Kerala, and two from Karnataka- have been selected. \"Seminar on Konkani theatre, release of monograph of Bolanthur Krishna Prabhu in Kannada and Konkani and inauguration of Vishwa Konkani Nataka Academy will be the highlight of the celebration,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11801276", "title": "Inter-school quiz competition on earthquakes", "text": "KANPUR: National information centre of earthquake engineering (NICEE) at IIT-Kanpur conducted the final round of inter-school quiz competition on earthquake on Tuesday.The preliminary rounds of the quiz were conducted in Kanpur, Indore, Nagpur, Ambala, Chandigarh, Pune, Mumbai, Ahmedabad, Jabalpur, Delhi, Shimla and Lucknow.Programme coordinator Suresh Ailawadi said that in order to spread the message of seismic safety, NICEE always felt a need to include schoolchildren in the activity. He said that this year there was an overwhelming response from the schools for registering the quiz. More than 100 schools from around 50 cities showed willingness to participate in the quiz.The registered schools were given 50 copies of 'Earthquake Tips' by CVR Murty, to be used for selecting a team of four participants from each school from class VIII to XI.In the final round of the quiz on Tuesday, 14 schools were the winners of the respective preliminary rounds. The quiz had four rounds, viz. round robin, picture round, rapid fire and lucky number round. The questions were based on 'Earthquake Tips'. The winning team from Mukund Lal Public School, Yamuna Nagar scored 80 points. Christ Church Girls Senior Secondary School, Jabalpur, came second after scoring 73 points and Bhavan's Bhagwandas Purohit Vidya Mandir, Nagpur, came third with 67 points.Durgesh C Rai explained the nitty-gritty of earthquakes to the participants. He expressed happiness over the grasp on the subject shown by the participants while answering the questions posed to them during the quiz.Ailawadi said that this is an annual event being conducted for the last third year. The schools are approached in March. Those willing to participate are given 50 copies of the publication.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11800195", "title": "Solar heating systems a non-starter, despite stiff penalties", "text": "JAIPUR: To promote the use solar energy in the state Rajasthan government has issued orders to use the solar water heating system in the certain categories of buildings. Despite the mandatory provision with strict penalties there are hardly any takers for it, flouting the rules blatantly.As part of the energy conservation Act, 2001, a central government law, the state government made it mandatory for industrial buildings, government and private hospitals and nursing homes, hotels, industrial canteens, banquet halls, hostels, circuit house and retiring rooms of railways to use solar water heating systems. The mandatory list also includes the residential buildings built up on a plot size of 500 sq. yards and above, and falls within the limits of municipal corporationHowever the government buildings that falls under the category are not complying with the orders in the state. SMS, the state's biggest government hospital, has no such facility. Similarly, circuit houses, police barracks too have shown no interest in acting on it. The act puts a heavy penalty with one time fine of Rs 1 lakh and Rs 10,000 per day for not installing it.Rajasthan renewable energy corporation (RREC), the implementing authority is treading cautiously and adopting a soft approach in its implemented. \"We are continuously purusing the case with concerned people. We have issued notices and also advertising it in media. We are also conducting the workshops for them,\" said the official of RREC.He added, \"The purpose is to make them understand about the benefits of using the solar heaters so that they start using it on their own rather than forcefully compelling them.\"To encourage the general public for the usage of solar water heating system, the discom too has floated a scheme. With the new tariffs in place from the October all domestic users with the system installed in their premises get a rebate of 25 paisa per unit. \"With the revised hiked tariffs of electricity the scheme is acting as the relief for the consumers. Though it is early to judge the response but lot many people have shown interest,\" said the official.The central government is also formulating the guidelines for generating electricity by installing solar panels in housing societies and complexes. As per the provisions each household or society that will generate solar electricity can consume it for its own use. The excess units generated will be bought by the discoms and transferred into the grid. In case of more consumption the households will be charged accordingly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11806065", "title": "Pak PM Gilani files appeal in SC in contempt of court case", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Citing precedents set by apex courts in countries like India, Pakistan Premier Yousuf Raza Gilani on Wednesday filed an appeal in the Supreme Court seeking suspension of its order summoning him for framing of contempt charges over his failure to reopen graft cases against the president.The 200-page intra-court appeal, filed by Gilani's lawyer Aitzaz Ahsan , asked the apex court to suspend its decision summoning the premier on February 13.Ahsan told reporters outside the court that he had based the appeal on precedents set by apex courts in India, Australia, Britain, France and the US.In India, there is a provision of filing a review petition against the apex court's order.\"I have filed an appeal today. I have quoted more than 50 national and international cases and given specific reasons against the Supreme Court's order,\" Ahsan said.He called for an early hearing of the appeal. \"It depends on the court to stay the proceedings and decide against summoning the Prime Minister on February 13,\" he said.The appeal asked the court to postpone the indictment, saying the ruling was issued without Gilani being given an opportunity to defend himself directly.On February 2, a seven-judge bench of the apex court had summoned Gilani to appear on February 13 to be indicted for contempt over his failure to act on its order to pursue corruption cases against President Asif Ali Zardari .It added to the tensions between the government and the judiciary.If Gilani is convicted of contempt, he could be jailed for up to six months and disqualified from holding public office for five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11803712", "title": "Rajneesh Duggal in the big car league", "text": "Rajneesh Duggal has come a long way from his modeling days. And so has the car salesman who delivered Rajneesh his first car, a Fiat Palio.The actor, who made his Bollywood debut with Vikram Bhatt's period thriller 1920 and will be seen opposite Karisma Kapoor in the filmmaker's next Dangerous Ishq bought himself an Audi A6 last week. Interestingly, the new sedan was also delivered by the salesman who got him his first car.When contacted, Rajneesh Duggal confirmed the purchase and added, \"I have always loved this car. I wanted to buy it for Pallavi's (his wife) birthday on February 15. I was surprised to see that the guy who delivered my first car, several years back had come to drop the Audi home.\"The actor has completed working on Dangerous Ishq and is busy nursing the injuries that he suffered while shooting the climax of the film in Jodhpur palace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11802209", "title": "Panel seeks explanation in dalit boy assault case", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh State Commission for Protection of Child Rights (SCPCR) is going to write to the district collector and superintendent of police (SP) in Sagar asking to explain the incident in which a poor teenaged dalit boy's ear was pulled out by policemen.The SCPCR action has come after it took cognizance of the report on the incident that TOI carried on February 7.Vibhangshu Joshi, a member of SCPCR said, \"The incident is indeed shocking. The Commission is going to seek explanation from the collector and SP. Medical aid of the highest possible level has been recommended for the boy so that his ear could be restored. An appropriate compensation would also be given to him.\"The commission member also expressed distress over the increasing cases of atrocities against children in the state. He also referred to the recent incident where a teacher harassed girls after getting drunk in Betul. \"The state government should step up vigilance and coordination with other agencies so that atrocities against minors can be prevented,\" he said.He added that the commission had also written to the concerned authorities seeking explanation on that incident too.On Monday, assistant sub-inspector Ghanshayam Dubey and constable Vishwanath Mishra had assaulted a 13-year-old dalit boy Narendra Ahirwar, bodily lifting him by his ears with such a force that a big, bloody chunk came out. Surgeons could not stitch back the left ear that came detached in the hands of one of the cop.The two cops have been suspended and booked under IPC and the Scheduled Castes and Tribes (Prevention of Atrocities) Act, the city superintendent of police Rakshpal Singh Yadav had said.A hunt is on to arrest the two, who are at large, the CSP had informed on Monday. Following TOI report, Childline NGO's Sagar team had reached the boy's house for inspection. Archana Sahay, collab director Childline said, \"The boy's hand was highly swollen. Possibly there is a fracture as well.\"The boy did not undergo an X-ray test previously as the government hospital he was taken to did not have a proper facility for the same. The Childline team would be taking the boy to a private hospital for an X-ray test on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11800822", "title": "3-year-old succumbs to injuries", "text": "MYSORE: The three-year-old girl, Archana, who was seriously injured in a road mishap on Monday afternoon, died late that same night at Apollo Hospital in Mysore.Archana and her parents, Lingaraju, 28 and Sunanda, 21, were traveling by bike in JP Nagar, when a speeding truck rammed into their bike. Archana's parents are still undergoing treatment at the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11800112", "title": "Court hearing in quota in promotions case to continue", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government on Tuesday defended itself against charges of committing contempt of court in the matter of quota in promotions for the Scheduled Caste (SC) and Scheduled Tribe (ST) employees on Tuesday.Arguments in the legal dispute, which would have political consequences, too, for the ruling party, once again remained inconclusive and would be resumed before the division bench of Justice NK Jain and Justice RS Rathore on Wednesday. The bench heard senior advocate CS Vaidyanathan who represented the state government on Tuesday.The Samata Aandolan Samiti, an organisation fighting for the non-reserved category employees of the state government, has been contesting the contempt of court charges against chief secretary Salauddin Ahmed and the department of personnel's principal secretary Khemraj for failing to comply with a high court judgment passed on February 5, 2010. The judgment, which eventually strikes down the quota in promotion benefit for the SC/ST employees in Rajasthan, was upheld by the Supreme Court in December 2010.The state government, on the other hand, argues that it has complied with the court order by issuing a fresh notification in September 2011.The Samiti as well as the Mission-72, another organisation of the non-reserved category employees, have publicly accused the state government of evading compliance of the judgment for political reasons. Chief minister Ashok Gehlot has counter-accused the Mission-72 leaders of instigation class-conflict in the society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11798878", "title": "Two Karnataka ministers caught surfing porn on cellphones", "text": "BANGALORE: Television cameras caught two BJP ministers - Lakshman Savadi and C C Patil - allegedly watching pornography on the former's cellphone on the floor of the Karnataka assembly on Tuesday, marking a new legislative low.While Savadi holds the cooperation portfolio, Patil is women and child development minister. BJP president Nitin Gadkari called up chief minister Sadananda Gowda and urged him to not spare the ministers if they were found guilty.The ministers were caught in the act even as the House was in the middle of a heated debate on the recent hoisting of Pakistan flag in Sindagi taluk in Bijapur district. Close-ups of the ministers watching the salacious clip were beamed on TV channels in the evening, sparking a furore. The TV visuals showed both ministers, sitting next to each other, gazing into Savadi's handset and exchanging banter.Soon after the news hit the airwaves, opposition parties, including Congress leader Siddaramaiah and JD(S) leader YSV Datta demanded the resignation of both ministers. Siddaramaiah also urged the Speaker not to allow Savadi and Patil into the assembly.He said the ministers have been elected and this action is an insult to the people. \"Disgraceful; should not have happened,\" said D H Shankaramurthy, chairman of the legislative council.TIMES VIEWDemocracy just got shamed by a video clip. It shows the utter disregard that our politicians have for the sanctity of the House and the tax-payers' money. Such disrespect to the House by ministers warrants stern and quick action by the Sadananda Gowda administration. In short, they must go.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11799468", "title": "Assault on panchayat member leads to clash", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The attack on sarpanch of Singarva village on Monday led to clash between two groups on Tuesday where a woman member of panchayat was assaulted by a group and the assailants were then attacked by her supporters. Police have registered cross-complaints.Odhav police said that Chaman Thakor, 45, was assaulted on Monday morning by Javansinh Chauhan, 60, former sarpanch Fatesinh's father, and his grandchildren Prithvisinh and Abhesinh because of grudge over his win in panchayat polls. Thakor had filed a complaint of attempt to murder.\"In retaliation, Daksha Thakor, member of the panchayat and supporter of Chaman, was allegedly attacked by a group led by Shailesh Chauhan near Khodiar mata temple at 10 am on Tuesday and robbed her off her gold chain worth Rs 25,000 and Rs 10,000 cash and fled from the spot,\" said an Odhav police official. tnnInvestigators added that Chauhan has filed a complaint against Thakor and her supporters for assaulting him and his supporters over clash on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11800426", "title": "Caught on cell: Cop asks junior to do front roll", "text": "NEW DELHI: An additional deputy commissioner of police on Tuesday allegedly made a security guard, who is posted at gate number 6 of the Patiala House court complex, to do a front roll for talking on mobile while on duty.The act was caught on the mobile phone by a lawyer, who approached the district judge to take action against the senior police officer for his \"inhuman behaviour\" towards his subordinate. The court directed the Delhi police commissioner to \"proceed as per law\" against \"erring\" additional DCP Seju P Kuruvilla and file a report in a month.In their complaint filed before district and sessions judge H S Sharma, advocates Mahender Singh Yadav, Tarun Rana, B B Tyagi and S N Sharma claimed that the additional DCP compelled constable Dinesh Kumar to do front rolls on the ground in uniform as punishment. \"It is informed that today at about 11am, we, along with many other advocates and public, saw a constable rolling/crawling on ground in uniform from gate number 6 towards courts. On enquiry, it was revealed that the above named additional DCP has compelled the constable to do such a humiliating and inhuman act,\" the complaint said.While Kuruvilla could not be reached for comment, additional commissioner of police, New Delhi, K C Dwivedi said the police would proceed with the court's direction. \"As the court has already issued an order, the commissioner of police will do an inquiry and the report will be submitted on the same,\" he said.The advocates alleged that Kuruvilla had torn the badge from the uniform of the constable and snatched his mobile phone and also used abusive language. They also alleged that when they called the PCR, the officials did not take any action on the pretext that the constable would lose his job in case any complaint is made against the senior officer.Advocate Yadav, who captured the incident on his cellphone, said that when he asked the senior officer the reason for his wrath, he was informed that the officer was miffed as Dinesh was talking on mobile phone while on duty.The judge, who also saw the video clipping, said: \"Let the copy of complaint be sent to the commissioner of police, PHQ, New Delhi, for appropriate action. The commissioner is directed to proceed as per law against the erring official and report about the outcome of the action to this court within one month from today.\"The court also asked the advocates to preserve the mobile phone on which the alleged illegal act of the official had been recorded. \"It can be preserved so that the same could be shown to the authorities. The advocates are also at liberty to get CD of the video clipping prepared,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11799883", "title": "10 more booked for TOI building attack", "text": "MUMBAI: The Azad Maidan police on Tuesday arrested 10 more Shiv Saniks in connection with the attack on TOI building on January 28. All the men were released on bail in the evening.\"We arrested the 10 men after going through the CCTV footage and are trying to identify around 50 more Sainiks,'' said senior inspector Police said they have summoned over 12 people who are followers of Shiv Sena MP Anandrao Adsul. Most of the arrested were employees of co operative credit societies and banks and were strong supporters of Sena MP Anandrao Adsul.Shiv Sena Member of Parliament Anandrao Adsul's supporters were upset over a report in TOI's sister publication, Maharashtra Times, that he was to join the rival Nationalist Congress Party (NCP).Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan who had asked the police to probe the role of Adsul, said that the attack was an indication that the Sena was losing ground. Adsul has already been questioned by Deepak Dhole.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11792494", "title": "Custom officials pleased with Mugdha Godse", "text": "Mugdha Godse recently had a brush with the customs, and thankfully, she had a pleasant experience.She says, \"I was returning from Dubai , where I had shopped for designer bags and shoes. I shop abroad often, but this was the first time I was stopped by them.It was pretty embarrassing.\" Her bags were checked thoroughly, but she says that the officials were very nice to her, as she claimed everything and paid the duty too. That's like a good girl, we say!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11799978", "title": "Cops obstruct 'peaceful' protest against animal sacrifice at Sinnar", "text": "NASHIK: Nearly 50 animal activists were prevented from protesting against the slaughter of animals in public at the annual fair in Vadangali, Sinnar, by the police.A three-day fair is held at Vadangali annually, concluding on a full moon day. On the last day of the fair, animals are slaughtered for the deity of the village in public view. This year, the fair was held from February 5-7, and on the last day, when the sacrificial ritual was being carried out, 50 animal activists from the Indal Chavan Prani Mitra began protesting at the fair.\"We were trying to create awareness among people and shouting slogans, but the police asked us to stop it. We started protesting from 9am and by 12 noon the Sinnar police forced us to go back. The villagers did not object to our protests, they were listening to what we were saying. We asked the police who ordered them to stop us but they refused to answer and said that we needed to obtain permission. We had submitted a letter to the police station and we were neither aggressive nor moving around aimlessly. We have been protesting from the past 20 years and till now no one ever stopped us,\" informed Indal Chavan, founder of the organization.The High Court has ruled animal sacrifices in places other than slaughter houses as illegal, he said, and rued that a responsible body for enforcing the law was behaving in such an irresponsible manner. \"By asking us to stop protesting, the police are indirectly encouraging such activities,\" he said, adding that this was contempt of court by the police.Superintendent of police (rural), Pravin Padwal, said that it is illegal to slaughter animals in public and that anyone could lodge a complaint with the animal husbandry department or the police. When informed that the Sinnar police put a stop to the peaceful protests against animal sacrifice.He assured that he would look into the matter and ask them to take necessary action.When contacted, Sinnar police station in-charge, senior police inspector Mangalsingh Suryawanshi agreed that it was wrong to sacrifice animals in the open.But when asked what action he could take within his powers against police inspector Nilesh Gaikwad, who had stopped the protestors and the trustees of the Shree Satidevi Samantdada Sansthan, who conducted the fair, he was clueless. When told that this is contempt of court, he said he was on election duty for the zilla parishad polls and would be able to look into the matter only on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11799688", "title": "Heritage bylaws for Sher Shah Gate &amp; Khair-ul-Manzil ready", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi's Sher Shah Gate and Khair-ul-Manzil mosque have become the first monuments in the city to have their heritage bylaws drafted. While the bylaws for these 16th century monuments on Mathura Road have already been sent to the National Monuments Authority (NMA) for approval, those for the Tughlaq-era Begumpuri Masjid are being prepared by INTACH and are expected to be ready in four months.Built by Khan-i-Jahan Junan Shah sometime in the 12th century, the Begumpuri Masjid is located in the heart of the Begumpur village in south Delhi's Sarvapriya Vihar. It is said to have served as the Jami Masjid in Mohammad Tughlaq's time. The grand monument is built almost entirely of a combination of grey Delhi quartzite and mortar, all of it covered with a lime plaster. History has it that during the more turbulent years of British rule in India, an entire village had moved into the Begumpuri Masjid. And the villagers had to be evicted in the early 1900s when the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) took over the monument. The monument presents a unique case as encroachments have mushroomed on all sides and the mosque's location in an urban village has led to many problems for ASI in the conservation efforts.INTACH has been entrusted with the task for preparing heritage bylaws for more than 3,600 centrally-protected monuments in the country out of which 174 are located in Delhi. Preparation of heritage bylaws -which will define the regulated and prohibited areas of every protected monument - is mandated under the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains (Amendment and Validation) Act, 2010.ASI officials said the monuments have been divided into 13 categories and one monument in each category will be taken up for preparing heritage bylaws. \"A priority list of monuments has been prepared and sent to INTACH along with the site plans and surveys for each. These will help in preparing the bylaws based on certain parameters,'' said a senior ASI official.While only Begumpuri Masjid from Delhi was included in the first list of 13 monuments to be taken up from across the country, the bylaws for Sher Shah Gate and Khair-ul-Manzil were prepared first by INTACH Delhi Chapter due to ongoing high court case. \"Delhi High Court had directed authorities to speed up the process for heritage bylaws so they move ahead with their expansion plans. Parts of the high court complex fall in the regulated zone of the Sher Shah Gate and Khair-ul-Manzil. Following this, the heritage bylaws for these two monuments (located adjacent) were prepared on a priority basis and sent to NMA,'' said a source.Senior INTACH officials said they were collecting data for drafting the heritage bylaws for Begumpuri Masjid. \"We are still collecting data for drafting the model bylaws. We have to study various factors like approach access, potential archaeological assets, historical value, land-use characteristics, natural heritage features, existing development plans,physical infrastructure around the site, and so on. Based on these parameters, we will study the impact on the monument and then assess the plans accordingly,'' said a senior INTACH official. Top officials said they were also considering integrating the heritage bylaws of Begumpuri Masjid with Bijay Mandal monument as they are located in close proximity and the protected and regulated zones of the two monuments overlap. \"The Act has defined 14 parameters for framing heritage bylaws in each category. The categories are linked with geographical features like monuments in urban areas, villages, developed colonies, etc. We will study each of these parameters while framing the bylaws,'' added the official. Other monuments around the country where bylaws are being drafted in the first phase include the likes of Goa's world heritage monuments in the world heritage category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "in this week's column, we will take you through the steps that you need to take to get a new lpg (liquefied petroleum gas) cylinder connection. we have listed information from two companies", "code": "11799970", "title": "How to get a new LPG connection", "text": "In this week's column, we will take you through the steps that you need to take to get a new LPG (liquefied petroleum gas) cylinder connection. We have listed information from two companies: Hindustan Petroleum (HP) Gas and Bharatgas.Documents requiredFor a new HP Gas connection, you will need to submit any of these documents:Aadhaar number allotment letterCopy of house lease agreement or rent receiptCopy of your ration cardCopy of your passportCopy of telephone bill/any other utility billSelf declaration attested by gazetted officerFor a new Bharatgas connection, you will need to submit copies of any of these documents:Proof of identity: Voter identification card, passport, driving licence, PAN card, any photo identification issued by the state government or your Aadhaar number allotment letterProof of address: Voter identification card, ration card, electricity bill (within last three months), telephone bill (within last three months), employers certificate, rent receipt (last two months), LIC policy (validity to be checked), flat allotment letter, house registration papers or Aadhaar number allotment letterTo get a new connection, you have to approach the nearest distributor catering to your area with the required proof.What you need to know:As per the LPG control order, only 1 LPG connection is permitted per household. You must surrender any additional connection.Ensure that you are provided with a booklet, which is like a pass book. The agency will make a record of your LPG bookings.Booking the new LPG cylinderFor any HP customer, you can book your cylinder in person, via telephone or online. To book the cylinder online, you have an account with the HPGas Consumer World. You can make this account on the HP website jihaan.hpcl.co.in/booking.The common phone number for Goa customers is 8888823456. However, you have to know your local LPG agency's landline phone number to use this number to book gas as the automated voice asks you to key in the phone number.For Bharatgas bookings, you can go online at www.ebharatgas.com where you have to create a login ID and password. Here you can place an order for refill cylinder online. This facility is available along with booking a cylinder in person and calling your local LPG agency.Contact:HP Gas: HP GAS Customer Service Cell, HPCL, Goa LPG Regional Office, Post Box No 34, Ponda- 403401Phone: 2395997Bharatgas: Goa LPG Territory, BPCL, 32, EDC Complex, Post Box No 228, Patto Panjim- 403001Phone: 2223257, toll free numbers are: 155233 or 18002333555. This facility is available to all across the country all dayIf you need more details on the procedures mentioned about, email us at toi.goa@timesgroup.com with \"@ your fingertips\" in the subject line. You can also write to us at: At your fingertips, c/o Times of India, Vivenda de Hassan, D Bandodkar Road, Miramar, Panaji-403001", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "velim", "code": "11800712", "title": "Velim priest raided, locals angry", "text": "VELIM: Resentment spread across Velim village on Tuesday, a day after income tax (I-T) officials raided the residence of parish priest Fr Romano Gonsalves, following an anonymous complaint.Around 400 parishioners of St Francis Xavier Church gathered at the church hall on Tuesday evening and listened as their parish priest recounted details of Monday's I-T raid and demanded a public apology from the authorities.\"The way they harassed me, it was as if I was a smuggler or robber. I have never had such an experience,\" said a visibly agitated Gonsalves, while addressing the meeting.He added that he was not informed of the reason for the raid, just that they were I-T officers and had to carry out the inquiry.According to Gonsalves, the I-T officials arrived at the church when he was away.When the Velim parish priest reached the church he was subjected to a series of questions regarding his income, his assets, how he financed himself and his recent vacation in America.What hurt and annoyed the priest and the parishioners most were questions regarding the church's functioning, the balance of the 'fabrica' (treasury), how the teaching staff of St Xavier's High School, of which the priest is manager, were paid. This was followed by a search of the premises.\"They asked me how much money I had with me. I showed them the Rs 5,000 I was carrying in my wallet. It appeared that they suspected there was something in my room based on how they searched through my cupboard, drawers and other personal belongings,\" Gonsalves said, adding that he gave the I-T officials a written statement and that nothing was seized.Responding to queries , Gonsalves did not rule out the possibility that the anonymous complainant could have been upset by something he said during Sunday mass, but added that he had followed the archbishop's code of conduct.As the priest narrated his experiences, parishioners listened with rapt attention and decided that a memorandum be submitted to the South Goa district collector demanding an explanation and an apology within two days.\"Has this been done to suppress his voice as he has been very vocal?\" asked fabrica attorney A Mascarenhas addressing the gathering. \"We will form a bigger platform and approach nearby parishes to fight this as it has created disharmony in the Catholic community and is an insult of very serious nature,\" Mascarenhas added.When the floor was thrown open for suggestions, people, that included villagers from Assolna, demanded a public apology in all newspapers, police protection for the church and that poll booths in the church premises be disallowed.PPC members incorporated the first two suggestions in their memorandum to be submitted to the collector on Wednesday and said they would wait for the law to take its course.\"We want answers as the I-T officials refused the use of flying squad while the Velim flying squad in charge Aniel Rodrigues has stated they were assisting the I-T officials,\" PPC member Agnelo D'Silva said.When TOI contacted Rodrigues, he said he was given information by returning officer Prashant Shirodkar to accompany the officials (wasn't told which officials) and to meet them in front of Velim church. He added that according to the instructions, the flying squad was present during the interrogation and added that when he asked the I-T officers if any formal complaint had been registered, he was told that they had received information from the headquarters in Panaji.Fr Eremito Rebello, rector of Shrine of Blessed Joseph Vaz, Sancoale while addressing media persons said, \"We would like to know if there are any laws in place regarding such inquiries against religious institutions and we cannot take this lying down as they have taken the Catholic community for granted.\"Church spokesperson Fr Francisco Caldeira was clearly puzzled. Caldeira told TOI he did not know details about the raid and only heard about them from third parties. \"I am wondering why the income tax officers raided the priest. He will not have that kind of money,\" Caldeira said.When asked if he thought somebody had pointed fingers at the priest out of malice, Caldeira said he believed so, though he was unaware of the details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11804824", "title": "25 Sri Lankan fishermen arrested for illegal fishing", "text": "CHENNAI: The coastal security patrolling teams of the Indian Coast Guard - Eastern Region arrested 25 Sri Lankan fishermen with five fishing boats, on Monday night. Coast Guard officers said the five boats were found illegally fishing in the Indian waters, off Nagapattinam coast in Tamil Nadu.The boats were carrying plenty of fish and modern communication equipments including high frequency radios and GPS systems. The arrested fishermen were brought to Chennai Kasimedu fishing harbour on Wednesday morning. \"They will be handed over to the police. Considering the increased number of illegal fishing by Sri Lankan fishermen in Indian waters, the Coast Guard has launched dedicated operations with the help of aircraft to trace intruders,\" said a senior Coast Guard officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11802533", "title": "Nashine is Gondia municipal council chief", "text": "GONDIA: After hectic parleys, Deepak Nashine of Congress and Lokesh Yadav of NCP were elected president and vice-president respectively of Gondia Municipal Council at a meeting held on Tuesday.A total of 19 members each of Congress-NCP and BJP-Shiv Sena alliance with two independents were elected to the 40-member House. As these two independents had joined NCP soon after the election, the strength of the party had gone up to 13 and that of the alliance to 21. Ashok Gupta of NCP was expected to be president. However, Congress MLA Gopal Agrawal opposed his name. tnnSources said that five Congress members formed a group under the leadership of Nashine and created an atmosphere that they would join hands with BJP-Sena and stake a claim to power. Ultimately, Congress and NCP had to succumb to pressure and concede the top two posts to Nashine and Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11800586", "title": "Accused flee, cops get rap for shoddy probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi Police has once again found itself in the dock for its shoddy investigation in a murder case, in which two of the four accused absconded one after the other even as the cops were investigating the matter.The court, which was hearing the murder case, found that the police did not even verify the names and addresses of the four accused. This lapse on the part of the police allowed one of the accused to escape as he had furnished a fake address while securing bail and was now untraceable.Taking a stern view of the lackadaisical attitude of the cops, ASJ S S Rathi directed JCP (northern range) to take action against the erring officers.\"As such the failure on the part of investigating officer inspector Joginder Singh and inspector Sunder Lal, the then SHO inspector H S Chauhan, the then ACP Veenu Bansal and the then DCP Alok Kumar is not only a (case of) misconduct and dereliction of duty but also calls for disciplinary action against them,\" the judge said while directing the Joint CP to hold a fact finding enquiry followed by departmental action. The court also asked the senior officer to send a report regarding what action had been initiated within a week of receiving a copy of the order. \"Enquiry shall preferably be concluded within three months under intimation to this court,\" it added.The court's order came when it was informed by the IO of the case that the Non Bailable Warrants issued against one accused-Khema Singh-were returned as the name of the village he had given in his address was \"untraceable\".When the court asked the IO why the antecedents of the accused were not verified, no \"cogent\" reason was put forth. The court then pulled up the officers for the \"gross omission\" on the part of the police officers in performing their duty \"diligently\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "vijayawada/nizamabad", "code": "11801209", "title": "5 of a family die in mishap", "text": "VIJAYAWADA/NIZAMABAD: Five members of a family were killed when the auto in which they were travelling was hit by a lorry at around 5.30 am at Arsapalli on the outskirts of Nizamabad. Six of the family were proceeding to Sarangapur to call on the bereaved members of a close relative, who died recently, when they met with the accident. Enraged relatives blocked the Nizamabad-Bodhan main road, paralysing traffic for over 45 minutes.In another mishap, an engineer couple on a motorbike were reportedly mowed down by a fly ash tanker at the entrance of Narla Tatarao Thermal Power Station (NTTPS) in Ibrahimpatnam near Vijayawada on Tuesday. While Gouthami died on the spot, her husband A J Kishore, 34, succumbed on his way to the hospital in Vijayawada.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11800394", "title": "TMC's Willy, Savio to stake claim for Aldona, Margao", "text": "PANAJI: The state unit of the Trinamool Congress (TMC), and former chief minister Wilfred de Souza has announced his candidature for Aldona while former Margao Municipal Council president Savio Coutinho will take on chief minister Digambar Kamatin Margao.Coutinho had recently said that a candidate would be filed under the banner of Margao Development FrontAnalysts say that Coutinho's entry into the fray will add to the woes of the chief minister this time.In Aldona, de Souza will be pitted against sitting MLA Daynand Narvekar (Congress) and BJP's Glen Ticlo.Among the other six candidates announced by the Trinamool Congress on Tuesday from the list of 8 include Sapnesh Desai from Canacona, Sharad Parab in Tivim, Naguesh Colvalkar from Siolim, Mittu Muzawar (Mapusa), Yeshwant Madkar (Sanquelim) and Amindin Mullah (Vasco).Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11801864", "title": "Dry weather likely", "text": "BHOPAL: The upper air cyclonic circulation developed over west Madhya Pradesh moved away on Tuesday, indicating that dry weather would prevail over the State.Officials of the Meteorological Department, Bhopal circle said the cloudy conditions due to increased moisture would start subsiding now and might even result in registering a drop of one or two degrees in minimum temperature.The temperatures among the four main cities, including Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur ranged between 29.7 and 9.6 degree Celsius on Tuesday.The met office recorded a maximum of 28.9 (+1) degrees in Bhopal against 14.2 (+2) as the minimum. The maximum temperature in Indore was 27.8 (00) degrees whereas, 12.6 (+3) was recorded as the minimum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "medaram (warangal)", "code": "11801239", "title": "Medaram jatara to begin today", "text": "MEDARAM (WARANGAL): Lakhs of pilgrims have congregated in the small forest village of Medaram to worship Sammakka and Saralamma ahead of the four-day jatara which will begin on Wednesday. On Wednesday night, Saralamma would be brought and placed at the 'gaddelu' (platforms) heralding the beginning of the tribals' jamboree, which is celebrated every two years in this small village. On February 9, the auspicious day of Magha Purnima, tribal priest Mahesh and his team of tribal archakas would bring Sammakka from Chilukalagutta to the gaddelu.The state government sanctioned Rs 60 crore for the successful conduct of the jatara, which would conclude on February 11 with the priests taking back the deities to hillocks. The state-run RTC is operating 3,100 buses to Medaram. Police have stepped up vigil all along the borders of Eturunagaram and Tadwai forest mandals. 8,000 policemen have been deployed as there were intelligence reports that some Maoists could infiltrate into the village taking advantage of the huge congregation of tribal populace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11799337", "title": "Action against 78 staffers who skipped training", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) will take disciplinary action against 78 employees for not attending the training programme for the civic elections.Nearly 4,500 persons, including those not employed with the BMC, are being trained in the use of electronic voting machines (EVMs) and duties at polling booths. \"The training is crucial as they will be in-charge of each polling booth. They will be taught how to operate the EVMs, so that they become familiar with the machines before the elections,\" said a civic election officer.A civic official said employees who do not attend the training are suspended or dismissed under provisions of the municipal service conduct rules of the BMC Act. For those not under the BMC's purview, their organization will be told to take action under the Maharashtra civil services discipline rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11801097", "title": "Float festival held at Meenakshi temple", "text": "MADURAI: The float festival of the Sri Meenakshi Sundareswarar temple in Madurai was held on the occasion of 'Thaipoosam' on Tuesday and the deities were taken around the 'teppakulam' situated about four km away from the temple in the grandly decorated float.The festivities in the temple began on January 27 with the flag hoisting and culminating in the float festival for which the deities are brought to the tank in a procession from the temple. During this time, the doors of the Meenakshi temple are closed in view of the deities being taken out.The grand float, measuring 32 feet in width and 42 feet in height was constructed on floating barrels a few days ago.The float, which was decorated with flowers in a hue of colours, was moulded with pillars to resemble those of the temple and also ancient temple architecture. After being brought on the streets in the silver palanquin, the deities Goddess Meenakshi and Lord Sundareswarar were kept at the Muktheeswarar temple before being placed on the float to the playing music.The temple's joint commissioner, Jayaraman and members of the board of trustee started the ceremonies by pulling the float by its huge ropes and walking around the tanks bank. People from Anupanadi also initiated the proceedings as per the rituals. The float was taken twice around the tank in the morning.The bursting of crackers and aerial displays marked the beginning of the second journey of the float in the evening, which glowed with the lights that illuminated it. Thousands of people gathered around the tank. The travel club had set up a pavilion in the Thiagarajar Arts College to enable tourists to witness the event. At around the 10 pm, the festival concluded with the deities being taken from the float for their journey back to the temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11800324", "title": "Papers sought on derecognition of police bodies", "text": "KOLKATA: Calcutta high court on Tuesday directed the state government to produce all relevant papers on derecognition of West Bengal Police organizations for establishing a Police Welfare Board. Justice Jayanta Biswas also issued an interim order restraining the government from evicting organizations from their respective offices till February 9 when the court will hear the case.Two writ petitions were filed in the court challenging the state government's decision to derecognize police organizations for establishing a police welfare board.One of the petitions was filed by Pashim Banga Non-Gazetted Police Karmachari Samiti and the other by West Bengal Police Association.While moving the first petition, former Kolkata Municipal Corporation mayor Bikash Ranjan Bhattacharyya, Arunavo Ghosh and Syad Chadan Hossain, counsel for the petitioner, argued that the home (police) department had issued a notice on January 10 stating that recognition of police organizations had been withdrawn for setting up a police welfare board.According to the petitioner, the notice violates fundamental rights enshrined in the Constitution as it prohibits the right to free speech and expression and freedom of association.It was also argued that the organizations were recognized by the governor in 1969 and the new Trinamul Congress-led government suddenly withdrew recognition to the organizations without even hearing them out.Moving the other petition by the police association, Malay Basu, Somnath Bose and Bhaskar Bannerjee argued that on January 17, the department issued an order to evict the organizations from their respective offices which, too, was done without a hearing. Faruk M. Razzak, the additional solicitor general who appeared for the central government, sought time to receive instructions on the matter. The counsel for the state also sought time as the state government pleader Ashok Banerjee will appear in the case. The state counsel said that Banerjee was not prepared on Tuesday.After hearing submissions from different counsel, Jusice Biswas adjourned the case till February 9 and passed a directive to produce all papers on the issue of de-recognition. The court also restrained the government from evicting the organizations from their respective offices.The Non-Gazetted Samiti has its office at Shibpur, Howrah while the police association office is in Bhowanipore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11798765", "title": "Man masks signal, robs train guard", "text": "MUMBAI: An unidentified man robbed the guard of a Churchgate local between Bandra and Mahim stations early on Tuesday after forcing the motorman to stop the train by covering a signal with a piece of paper.Sanjay Gupta, the guard, was deployed on a Churchgate local that left Borivli at 4.18am and reached Bandra station at 4.52am. The train left the station soon after and was heading towards a foot overbridge when the motorman realized that the signal ahead could not be seen properly.As a precaution, the motorman stopped the train for a few minutes. He then informed the guard about the matter and started moving ahead cautiously.The motorman asked the guard to keep an eye on the signal. \"Gupta could make out that the signal had turned red after some compartments had crossed the pole. He then realized that there was nothing wrong with the signal,\" said a source.Then, as the guard's cabin crossed the signal, the unsuspecting Gupta was attacked by a man who had climbed the ladder attached to the pole. The accused tore the guard's shirt pocket and managed to snatch Rs 450 in cash and an imported pen.\"Gupta was lucky to survive as he managed to hold on to a handle. Otherwise, he would have fallen off the train,\" the source added. Gupta's duty pass went missing for a while due to the scuffle, but he soon found it intact. He then alerted the station master at Bandra, who-along with RPF and GRP personnel-rushed to the spot. The officials realized that the signal had been covered with a piece of paper.Officials suspect that more people could be involved in such crimes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11800919", "title": "College storekeeper held for stealing heritage chairs", "text": "CHANDIGARH: UT Police on Tuesday arrested the storekeeper of Chandigarh College of Architecture, Sector 12, on the charges of stealing heritage chairs from the college premises.The police said the accused has been identified as Ramesh Kumar. College principal Pardeep Bhagat had got a report registered on Monday that the chairs were missing. Kumar was caught red-handed while he was taking away the chairs on a cart near the institute on Tuesday. \"We had a tip-off that it was the handiwork of a college staffer. A trap was laid near the institute and the store-keeper was caught while he was taking away the furniture,\" Gurmukh Singh, station house officer of Sector 11, said.\"Our probe is on, it can be a big scam. We have urged the college authorities to check other heritage items in the store. The accused will be produced in the court on Wednesday,\" he added. Police sources said the chairs were worth lakhs of rupees. Earlier too, many cases of theft of heritage items had rocked Chandigarh. Heritage furniture designed by Pierre Jeanneret has gone under the hammer for thousands of dollars abroad.Most of the old educational institutions in the city, including College of Architecture and government offices, have Jeanneret-designed furniture which was earlier disposed of as scrap or dumped in the storerooms. But after the sale began, the administration issued instructions to all departments to make an inventory of the heritage furniture items and ensure that these were not sold. Jeanneret was a cousin of Le Corbusier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11800962", "title": "Haryana minister's driver uses his car to show off power", "text": "PANCHKULA: A driver of a Haryana minister went to the Chandimandir police station in the latter's staff car (HR 70 M 0083) with a red beacon atop, purportedly to sway a case registered against his son in his favour with this 'show of power.'The driver Radhe Sham also sounded siren on reaching near police station.Sham's son is accused of illegally felling and selling 31 trees on government land near Barwala and making Rs 2.30 lakh out of it.\"As Radhe Sham's son is involved in this case, he got the minister's car and also sounded the siren so that we mistook him for a VIP,\" said station house officer of the Chandimandir police station, inspector Surinder Kumar. On hearing about the matter mediapersons reached there but as soon as he saw the media, he got scared and fled. The SHO added that he went away saying that he had come \"regarding the repair of the car.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11799760", "title": "SC seats: Poll panel gets HC notice", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi High Court on Tuesday issued a notice to the state election commission asking for its response on a plea seeking the quashing of the poll panel's notification for the upcoming MCD polls. The petitioner has said that seats for SC candidates have been reserved in an 'unreasonable and arbitrary' manner.A bench of Justices Sanjay Kishan Kaul and Rajiv Shakdher issued the notice to the state election commission and posted the case for hearing on February 15. The court's order came on a petition filed by a sitting Congress concillor from Majnu Ka Tila in north Delhi. The petitioner alleged that the notification, issued on January 27 by the poll body, has reserved seats for SC on the basis of the population in Assembly seats ignoring their number in municipal wards.\"The petitioner is challenging the notification whereby Assembly constituencies in North Delhi Municipal Corporation with the highest percentage of SC population in descending order has been selected.\"It is pertinent to mention that in the municipal election, municipal wards and not the Assembly constituency must be the basis for the criteria of merit of highest percentage of SC population in descending order,\" the petition said.Reserving seats for SC candidates by considering their population in Assembly segments has led to a situation in which unreserved wards have more SC voters than reserved ones, the petition said, adding that the criteria should have been the percentage of their population in civic wards and not in Assembly segments.Earlier, BJP councillor from Kapashera Anil Yadav and a lawyer had moved the court on the same issue. The court, which had refused to stay the poll notification, has fixed the matter for hearing on February 15. Yadav, in his petition, had alleged the benefit of quota for SC candidates will not reach those constituencies where the percentage of SC population was higher as per the 2011 census.MCD had recently been trifurcated the civic body into NDMC, East Delhi and South Delhi Municipal Corporations and polls for the civic agencies would be held in April.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11800074", "title": "Sun shining on Rajasthan\u2019s solar sector", "text": "JAIPUR: The ambitious solar parks project modeled after the special economic zones will take off the ground as the state government is kick-starting the bidding process for power plants from February 17. The process of finalisation of bids, approval and allocation of land will be completed by June this year, a top government official involved with the project said.Out of the four proposed parks, the one in Jodhpur spread over 10,000 hectares is being developed first in phases where survey for 3,000 hectares of land has already been completed. Parks in other three places such as Jaisalmer, Bikaner, and Barmer districts are being planned to make Rajasthan a solar power hub in the world with an aim to generate up to 11,000 megawatt (MW) in 12 years.While the government targets a capacity 3,000 MW from the Jodhpur park, the current bidding will be for 100 MW, the official in the renewable energy department said. And in the first phase, he added, the department has planned for 500 MW.The state that receives maximum solar radiation in the country along with abundant low-cost desert land has been in the forefront contributing most of the solar power produced in the country. But headwinds from high cost of production have thwarted the efforts of the state to realize its potential.But the official said that dynamics of the industry is changing faster than imagined, its for the better, reviving the interest of investors. For example, the single window clearance panel that approved projects worth Rs 15,000 crore on Monday also cleared ventures from solar energy sector contributing almost half of the amount.Speaking to TOI, Purushottam Agarwal, commissioner, bureau of investment promotion, said that committee approved the Kolkata-based Sonthalia group's proposal for a solar park. He said the company is looking to set up an integrated solar park with an investment of Rs 4,500 crore. Besides, there were two other proposals worth Rs 1,500 crore, which were also cleared by the panel.While the appetite for solar power among the investors has seen a resurgence, the availability of infrastructure will be a key deciding factor to attract investment in the sector.\"The aim of creating parks is to provide power producers the required infrastructure, which are being developed in Jodhpur park. The Rajasthan Renewable Energy Corporation is planning to create a special purpose vehicle for the development of infrastructure and management of solar parks,\" the official said.Most of the infrastructure needed to evacuate power from the plants to the grid is available for Jodhpur park with Rajasthan Rajya Viduit Prasaran Nigam building pooling-in stations and transmission lines.Rajasthan's ambition to become a global solar power centre received a huge boost after the Central government allocated 873 MW to the state under National Solar Mission phase -1 out of the 1100 MW. By developing solar parks, the state also seeks to promote allied industries and activities like manufacturing, research and development, and training in these enclaves. It banks on the availability of raw materials like zinc, molten salt and solar glass to catapult the state as a destination for investments in equipment manufacturing.So far 722 companies have registered for setting up solar power projects, with a cumulative capacity of 16,900 MW.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11800111", "title": "Children's Parliament advises elders to vote wisely", "text": "VARANASI: While political parties are motivating people to vote, local children have come forward to appeal to elders to vote for the right candidate.With an attempt to motivate elders to cast their vote, children of an NGO, Vishal Bharat Sansthan, conducted a special session of the Children's Parliament on Tuesday and discussed various related with the upcoming assembly elections.Members of the Children's Pparliament showed their disapproval over electing candidates who are from criminal background and warned if their parents would cast vote for such people, they would go on indefinite hunger strike. \"Elders should not choose candidates who, instead of development, would play with the future of the nation,\" warned Speaker Tazeem Ansari.According to Ili, the elected candidate should improve education standards and eradicate child labour, child abuse and related problems of children. Afreen, another member of the parliament, debated over the importance of polling day which is very often wasted by the elders as a holiday.It is worth mentioning here that the Children's Parliament, which organised a special session for motivating elders to use their vote judiciously, witnessed nearly 96% voting during its 2010 session. The discussion held in Lallapura area of the city was witnessed by locals and parents of the members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "11800422", "title": "Wardha court bars 8 from district limits", "text": "WARDHA: The Wardha district court on Saturday externed eight people involved in various offences. All the eight were declared 'tadipar' from Wardha district on Sunday. The order will oust them from the district boundaries within 24 hours. All are alleged to have been involved in murder, causing riots and other offences.Those who have been externed are former councillor of Wardha municipal council Pradip Thakur (46), former ZP member Amit (Guddu) Thakur (35), Sagar Aganihotri (43), Mayur (Golu) Daff (28), Vinod Mahakalkar (40), Shekhar Yende (33), Savant (Babalu) Aganihotri (36) all resident of Ramnager and Sanjay (Chintu) Mahurle (42) resident of Pratap Nagar.Last month, the court had issued show cause notices to all of them asking why they should not be declared tadipar? The eight could not produce any ground in their favour which led the court to pass the order. The order is being widely seen as an attempt to break the voters free from fear at the time of casting their votes during ZP polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11801697", "title": "Shweta wants to visit Shirdi with family", "text": "LUDHIANA: Shweta Arora, 20-year-old student cum private tutor, has a wish that is quite unlike her age. Before the world comes to an end in 2012, she wants to go to Shirdi on a religious pilgrimage.\"I have got lot of things in my life after I developed love for Shirdi Sai baba. It is my wish to go there with my family members, including father Sunil Arora, mother Sushma and elder sister Manisha. I pray that baba ji continues to shower his blessings on me and my family,\" says Shweta, a student of BA final year at Guru Nanak Girls College Model Town. Besides studying, she also teaches students of junior classes at her home.\"My next wish is to learn driving again, which I left few years ago because of an accident. After learning driving, I would like to buy a Honda CRV that I love for its looks and power. I want to take my family members and cousins Kunal Kapoor, Chetan Gawri and Vikas Narang of Delhi for long drives in it. I would love to visit Sydney with them, as I like that place because of its beauty, which was very well showcased in the movie 'Bachna Aye Haseeno',\" she says.Bubbly Shweta also wants to be crowned Miss Fresher of her college after joining masters in sociology.\"I regret not becoming Miss Fresher in my first year of graduation, so want to experience that moment before the world ends.\" Next in line is meeting her heartthrobs. She says, \"I wish to spend a weekend with Kareena Kapoor as I am crazy for her because of her looks, style, sense of humour and size zero figure. I liked her in movie 'Bodyguard' and 'Ra One' especially in the song 'Chamak Challo'. Besides, I also wish to do something for the poor and orphan kids and for this, wants to join 'Being Human' foundation run by superstar Salman Khan , as he is one of my favourite actors.\"Her last wish is to open an art gallery. Shweta says, \"I have fine arts as my subjects in graduation, so I am inclined towards arts. I want to keep my paintings and also that of my teachers and friends in the art gallery.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11799247", "title": "Can't replicate Kolaveri success: Dhanush", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Students of the Indian Institute of Ahmedabad (IIM-A) got an insight into the world of viral marketing when national award winning actor Dhanush shared details behind the success of Kolaveri Di at the campus on Tuesday.Dhanush told future managers at the premier institute that he did not anticipate the success of Kolaveri Di and said that he would be surprised if he saw it repeated in his lifetime. \"Success of Kolaveri can't be replicated; it can only happen. It can never be replicated,\" he said.\"The simplicity of the lyrics and the fact that all the words but 'Kolaveri Di' were in English contributed to the songs' success. Although the monetisation through the songs was limited, since the song rights had been sold in advance to Sony, 'Kolaveri Di' has helped gather national fame,\" Dhanush told students.About 130 students the Contemporary Film Industry course at IIM-A attended the lecture by Dhanush, the actor and producer of the upcoming movie 3, and Anirudh, the 21-year old music director of Kolaveri Di.\"IIM-A is beautiful. Both d pple and place. Had a great fun session and students asked such sensible questions. It was a blast :) god bless,\" Dhanush, who was nervous about his English before delivering the lecture at IIM-A, tweeted after the class.Dhanush and Anirudh each spoke individually first and then fielded questions from the students. Speaking on the issue of viral marketing, Dhanush said that much of it was unplanned. \"Following, the release of an incomplete stolen version of the song online, our team decided to release the song online. We initially aimed at about 5 lakh hits over the songs lifetime, however, managed to touch that number in less than five days! The hits for 'Kolaveri Di' today stand at over 42 million,\" Dhanush said, adding that viral marketing, if capitalised right, is indeed a great way to gain popularity, given the minimal expenses involved in promotion.Social networking sites were also abuzz with details on the lecture. While one student called Dhanush \"humble\", another tweet from a student quoted Dhanush saying, \"If people have to relate to your product, you have to be in the trend.\"As a consequence of the songs popularity, the release of the movie is planned now in three language -Tamil, Telugu and Hindi. Moreover, from the distribution of about 400 prints planned initially, the movie will now release with over 1,000 prints.Addressing the audience as his 'seniors', Anirudh shared an anecdote about his father's desire to have him study at the IIMs and how his father was left speechless, when he told him that he would be lecturing this class. Anirudh spoke of some issues related to the music rights for movies in India, highlighting that no proper system for royalty exists here unlike in some western countries.He also expressed how he felt fortunate at already receiving offers from Bollywood, when several music directors spend years trying to cross over.In response to one of the questions, Dhanush said that they had learnt much from the success of 'Kolaveri Di' - including the sale of music rights as well as purchasing rights to key words in a song at the appropriate time. In response to another question, they said that given the number of hits on social networking sites and emails, the song has definitely cut across boundaries and reached an international audience.The lecture concluded with Dhanush and Anirudh singing Kolaveri Di with the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11801773", "title": "Congress rolls out figures to refute Bengal\u2019s gripe about no funds", "text": "NEW DELHI: UPA partners Congress and Trinamool continued on a collision course with the lead UPA player on Tuesday accusing its West Bengal ally of misinforming the people of the state over central grants.A day after West Bengal finance minister Amit Mitra said that no money had been disbursed to the state to debunk claims of Congress spokesman Abhishek Singhvi, the AICC spokesman got back at the ally.Singhvi told reporters, \"Government of West Bengal and the finance minister are deliberately misinforming the people of the state. Allocation on one count alone is Rs 7,800 crore. If he can deny that, I will challenge.\" He added that the PCC would come out with more facts to buttress his claims and to debunk what Mamata Banerjee's party has been claiming for some time to target the Congress.The sharp words could escalate the tension between the allies who have even clashed on the streets of Kolkata amid a deep schism between their cadre. The last round ended with the resignation of a junior minister of Congress who went out making shrill accusations against Banerjee.Singhvi, taking on the state leadership, said the Centre's fresh grants disproved the claims that it had not given a penny to the state. The war of words has come down to the technicality of \"allocation and disbursement\".While Mitra took care to say that no money had been disbursed, Singhvi said the issue was fund allocation since actual disbursement depended on many factors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11804720", "title": "\u20183D is here to stay\u2019 \u2026", "text": "...says Ashok Amritraj, talking about his upcoming film and some Chennai memoriesAshok Amritraj is fascinated by 3D. \"It's here to stay,\" he announces, much like a child who's got a new toy, \"The user experience in movies is changing. With 3D TVs also making their way into the market, a lot of movies are bound to be in this format from now on.\"And then, once the childlike enthusiasm that comes with a new toy decreases, Ashok starts off to look at it objectively. \"It cuts down piracy too,\" he suggests, \"It's a lot more difficult to do a pirated version of a 3D film.\" Little wonder, then, that the ace Hollywood producer and former tennis player has gone in for the 3D format for his upcoming Nicholas Cage-starrer Ghost Rider: Spirit of Vengeance.\"We've shot in Romania and Turkey as well and the film's come out well,\" he states, \"I'm satisfied that I've tried out such a film. Just compare it with the kind of genres I've explored in my films in the last few years; this kind of variety excites me.\" Just because he has the kind of effects that could enhance the film doesn't mean that he's compromised on subject, he says. \"I've immense respect for writers; they're the real deal,\" he feels, \"New technology might come and go but it's the story that lasts.\"And that's the reason why he's stood tall in his long innings in showbiz, delivering good movies time and again. That's what he's looking at in India as well, a market he's keen to explore. \"I'd like to come back to Indian cinema and do a Tamil flick as well,\" he says. \"My wife watches a lot of Tamil and Malayalam cinema and I watch them at times too.\"His last Tamil film, Jeans, was an experience that he fondly remembers. He recalls, \"We had a great experience shooting in the Seven Wonders of the World. It was a surreal experience, of being at those places and shooting them. That's something I'd never be able to do in Hollywood - they would have thought I was out of my mind!\"Ashok ends on a nostalgic note - his memories of old Madras are still fresh in memory. \"I love the Madras that I grew up in,\" he says, \"We used to enjoy the city's simple delights and old-fashionedness back then. Now, we're Chennai and have progressed a lot - but at what cost?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11801835", "title": "He is on fruit 'n' salad diet", "text": "BANGALORE: Anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare has been put on a fruit and salad diet to detoxify his system.On an essentially high fibre and low calorie diet, Anna is being treated at Jindal Nature Cure Institute on Tumkur Road since last week.The 74-year-old activist is scheduled to be in the city for another week for treatment __ a mix of naturopathy, yoga, physiotherapy and acupuncture. Essentially, Anna is on a drugless therapy.Anna's day now starts at 5.30 am with pranayam and gets over at 8.30 pm only after he duly completes the prescribed exercises for the day. He has been advised to walk regularly, something which the hospital authorities say, he follows religiously.Apart from restrictions on his diet, Anna is also being given a stomach mud bath daily and a full body mud bath regularly.\"The idea is to gradually wean him away from his faulty eating habits and lifestyle, detoxify his entire system and put him back on track after rejuvenating him completely,\" said Dr Babina Nandkumar, joint chief medical officer at the Jindal hospital.He said the diet will soon shift to fruits and soup and then to cooked food.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11805052", "title": "Shikha: Game for more in Kollywood", "text": "She was last seen playing the lead in the comedy entertainer, Kola Kolaya Mundhirikka (KKM). And now, after almost two years, actress Shikha is back in Kollywood.She is currently busy with A M R Ramesh's Vana Yuddham and debutant director Ganesh's Isakki. \"After KKM, I got busy with my Kannada projects. And now, I've decided to concentrate more on Tamil films. I recently signed up to do Isakki, in which I'm paired opposite Sharran (of Inidhu Inidhu fame). It's a romantic thriller, and Ganesh, who has done several short films earlier, will be helming the project. It's an interesting script and I will start shooting from March in Karaikudi,\" she smiles.Meanwhile, Shikha is also waiting with bated breath for two of her films to hit screens. \"While Vinmeengal is an unusual story about a bunch of people, Vana Yuddham is a film about the slain forest brigand Veerappan,\" she says. V Lakshmi", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11801076", "title": "Over one lakh devotees tonsure heads at Palani fest", "text": "MADURAI: Lakhs of devotees thronged the Palani Dandhayudhapani temple and also the abodes of Lord Muruga, the Tiruchendur Subramaniaswamy temple and Thiruparankundram temple on Tuesday on the occasion of the 'Thaipoosam' festival. Over one lakh persons had their heads tonsured in Palani to redeem their vows setting a record compared to the previous years.Devotees have been undertaking the padayatra to the hill shrine, from various parts of south Tamil Nadu and also from Kerala to participate in the festival, which is the most significant one in this temple. The festival began with the flag hoisting a week ago and the car festival, the highlight of the events, was held on Tuesday.The richly-decorated car was pulled around the four car streets after the minister for HR and CE, M S M Anandan and joint commissioner of the temple R Baskaran initiated it. The deities, Muthukumarasamy and his consorts Valli and Deivanai were taken out in the golden palanquin in the evening.Tight security arrangements had been made with over 3,500 police personnel deployed on duty, led by the Dindigul SP Jayachandran. Palani town resembled a sea of people and the temple administration had made special arrangements, including drinking water provisions at 600 places to quench their thirst.Temple sources said that a record 1,35,568 persons had tonsured their heads and redeemed their vows at this temple in the last seven days. This was a big jump from last year, when only about 20,000 persons had their heads tonsured. Thirty-five temporary shelters had also been put up for the convenience of the padayatra devotees.Similarly, in the Tiruchendur temple, the sea shore was swarming with devotees carrying 'kavadis' and pots of milk on their heads to redeem their vows. Some of them had pierced their bodies with spears, while some carried spears that were as big as 16 feet in height. Devotees also redeemed their vows by pulling small replicas of the temple cars with deities in them. People of various age groups participated in the rituals. Similar festivals were held in the Thiruparankundram temple too. People carried pots of milk on their heads and the road leading to the temple was lined by devotees on padayatra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11802133", "title": "Four-yr-old dies, 13 injured in road mishaps", "text": "INDORE: A four-year-old boy was killed and 13 others sustained injuries in three separate accidents in last 24 hours here on Tuesday.Kalu, 4, was on a motorbike with his brother Golu, 12, mother Kavita Singh and a relative when he was hit by a truck MP20 HB0448 from the rear end, near Ruchi Soya. The bike skidded after the hit and Kalu came under the wheels of the truck while others sustained severe injuries. The driver fled from the spot along with the vehicle.Lasudia police have booked the truck driver under section 304 A, 294 and 338 of Indian Penal Code (IPC) and have been searching him. In another incident, four youth in a car were seriously injured when the car rammed a divider on MG road at around 1.30 am on Tuesday. Police said that the incident happened near Hukumchand Ghantaghar when a recklessly driven car MP09 LC3333 rammed into a tree and then got diverted towards the divider.However, no FIR has been lodged. Police have seized the vehicle.In the third incident, a car injured six persons on Jawahar Marg last night. The car MP09 HC 776 was seized but the driver escaped, police said. The car hit an auto-rickshaw, a couple of two-wheelers and some people at a bus-stop, before coming to a shrieking halt. Four injured persons have been admitted to MY Hospital. Police said the vehicle is registered in the name of Manish Patodi. Central Kotwali Thana In-charge, Ateek Ahmed Khan said that the driver is at large. Police have registered FIR against unidentified person under section 279 and 337 of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11800473", "title": "Two held for duping retired professor of Rs 1 crore", "text": "PUNE: The Pune crime branch on Monday arrested two persons for duping a retired professor of Rs 1.09 crore on the pretext of selling him government land, buildings and gold at cheap rates.Rekha Acharam Godse (45) currently residing at Panmala, Sinhagad road and Vijay Siddheshwar Tandale alias Hemant Darwatkar (45) of Kothrud were arrested after a complaint was lodged by Vinayak Jagdev Yadav (76) of Dattawadi at the Dattawadi police station.A police team, led by police inspector Sachin Sawant of the anti-extortion cell, arrested the duo in Kothrud on Monday night. They were produced in court on Tuesday and remanded to police custody till February 13.Inspector Sawant told TOI that Yadav is a retired professor from a city-based college. Godse worked as a maid at the house of Yadav's colleague. She knew the Yadavs as her employer was Yadav's son's guide for his Ph.D studies. \"One-and-a-half years ago, Godse contacted Yadav and told him that one Ashok D'Souza, an officer of the central bureau of investigation (CBI) would help him get government land, buildings and even gold at very cheap rates,\" Sawant said.Godse introduced Vijay Tandale alias Hemant Darwatkar to Yadav and told him that Tandale would come to his house to collect money whenever required. \"Godse and others then started demanding money from Yadav on the pretext of collecting documents from government offices or giving money to an officer to clear the documents,\" Sawant said.According to Sawant, whenever Yadav or his family members asked Godse about the land she had purchased on their behalf, she would tell them the files were pending at the Mantralaya or at the chief minister's office. \"Believing her, Yadav would give her money whenever she demanded it. Over a period of one-and-a-half years, Yadav gave Rs 1.09 crore to Godse and her accomplices,\" said Sawant.He said Yadav believed Godse and her accomplices as they had given him two cheques of Rs 2 crore each as security. \"The suspects had told Yadav that he could deposit the cheques in the bank if they failed to give him the land,\" Sawant said.The incident came to light on February 3, when Godse and her accomplices contacted Yadav and told him about an insurance policy. \"They asked Yadav to give them Rs 6 lakh and in return he would get Rs 40 lakh in just two hours. They also told Yadav that the bank would send the money to his house by car,\" Sawant said.After waiting for the bank's vehicle till midnight, Yadav lodged a complaint against Godse and the others. \"We arrested Godse and Tandale and have recovered Rs 7 lakh from them,\" said Sawant.He said Tandale runs a small readymade garment manufacturing unit. \"We suspect the involvement of others in the crime and are investigating further,\" said Sawant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11800747", "title": "RTO disallows modifications on campaign vehicles", "text": "PUNE: The Regional Transport Office (RTO) on Tuesday clarified that even though banners, boards and flexes can be put on a vehicle, modifications or constitutional changes in the vehicle is not permitted.With just a week left for the campaign for civic polls to end, candidates are taking various steps to reach out to voters. Autorickshaws, mini tempos, small trailers and goods carriers are the most preferred vehicles the candidates use to attract voters. Most of these vehicles are being used to display broads, flexes and banners with pictures of leaders and party symbols.For the past few days, the RTO is witnessing an increasing number of political workers who seek 'no objection certificates' for vehicles to be used in poll campaigns. About 90 permissions have been issued so far, while nearly 60 applications are under scrutiny, RTO officials said here on Tuesday.\"Every vehicle being used for campaign purpose must have the RTO's permission. A squad is set up for granting permissions to campaign vehicles. Action will be taken if vehicles without due permission are used in campaign,\" an official said.According to the RTO, an individual has to apply in a prescribed format, requesting permission to use a vehicle in the campaign. So far, over 90 permissions are issued. Most applications are from owners of autorickshaws and tempos. Permissions were denied in some applications where the vehicle owners were found to have a track record of tax evasion.The RTO said that pictures or banners of the party symbol are okay, but no modification to the vehicle structure is allowed. In a recent incident, where a vehicle was modified to look like the replica of a party's symbol, the RTO denied permission to the changes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11803744", "title": "A big kiddie film after 16 yrs", "text": "After 16 years, Children's Film Society of India (CFSI) will be releasing director Rajan Khosa's film Gattu in April. The last film CFSI released was Santosh Sivan's Halo in 1996.Nandita Das , CFSI chairperson informed Mumbai Mirror, \"We are trying to release the film in a big way. But we don't have a marketing budget. We have asked for help from the people in the industry. I have personally given a lot of time and energy in the making and Rajan is a sincere filmmaker.\"Gattu is the official Indian entry for the 62nd Berlin Film Festival starting from February 9 to 19. Director Rajan Khosa said, \"Gattu is a film about a small child and how his passion to fulfill his dreams helps him get admission in a school. I am very happy that CFSI is supporting the project.\"Elaborating on CFSI's vision, Das said, \"Finally, a film needs to hit the theaters, creating a buzz in the satellite and DVD markets. We need help from distributors and our aim is to reach out to the audience. We have got amazing feedback at the International Children Film Festival.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11802583", "title": "Two murders rock city", "text": "NAGPUR: Two murders were reported from different parts of the city on Tuesday. While a 35-year-old man was stabbed to death in a family feud at Bhankheda in the morning, triggering some tense moments in adjacent localities like Mominpura, there was some tension in the sensitive Walmiki Nagar near Gokulpeth after a man was murdered in similar fashion.Asif Iqbal was killed over a property dispute at Bhankheda. At Walmiki Nagar, Dhanraj Shiv, alias Akram, sacrificed his life to save son Neeraj, who was the target of the assailants for stealing their livestock and selling it off.Tehsil police have already arrested Naseem Akhtar (42) and his three sons - Wasim (24), Moin (22) and Mobin (20) - for their involvement in Asif's murder. It has come to fore that Asif and his elder brother Abdul Muquim had an altercation with Naseem during negotiations to settle an ongoing dispute over constructing an additional room on their property. The parties involved are close relatives, residing in adjacent buildings.A family source said Asif was planning to erect an additional room for a cousin sister, who had been staying at his place with her children. There was a marriage in the family, due to which the construction was speeded up. Asif's efforts to help the female relative infuriated Naseem, who stayed in the adjoining building.Naseem was opposing the plan to construct an additional room on the terrace, contending that it encroached upon his paternal property. This had led to tension between the families earlier.Asif and his elder brother Muquim had been involved in an argument with Naseem just before the scuffle took place on Tuesday. It is learnt that Asif assaulted Naseem with a stone on his head. In the heat of the moment, Naseem called his three sons. Wasim rushed to the spot along with his younger brothers Moin and Mobin and pinned down Asif. Wasim then stabbed Asif in the lower abdomen with a butcher's knife, said police.A profusely bleeding Asif was rushed to Indira Gandhi Medical College and Hospital by his wife Salma, but was soon declared dead.In the incident at Walmiki Nagar, victim Shiv's son Neeraj owned a business of rearing pigs. He had a competitor, Papa Rane, in the locality. The dispute between Neeraj and Papa had started over the theft of a couple of pigs.Papa alleged that Neeraj had sold off two pigs belonging to him. This led to frequent clashes between the two. Neeraj had also thrashed Papa's friend a couple of days ago.On Tuesday, Papa and his accomplices tried to corner Neeraj at his residence to settle the issue but could not find him. After this, Neeraj threatened Papa and the others again.Papa and others, including his brother-in-law Kailash, Rajesh Samudre, Goldie Anna and others, once again barged into Neeraj's house, where his father Shiv challenged them, leading to the stabbing.Ambazari police have already arrested Samudre. The name of Deepak Vishwas has also come to fore. He was externed from Sitabuldi police station limits last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11802299", "title": "Oman lures filmmakers with incentives", "text": "CHENNAI: The sand dunes, oases, mountains and ancient ruins in Oman have been ideal locales for film shoots for long and the country now plans attract more visitors by offering incentives and subsidies to Kollywood producers willing to shoot movies there.A dozen south Indian movies, including Tamil films like Surya-starrer Singham and Vikram-starrer Kandasamy, have already been shot at different locations in the middle east country.\"As movies have encouraged tourists to travel to Oman, we plan to offer incentives in terms of subsidies, accommodation and permits for producers wanting to shoot theere. Subsidies of 20-40 % will be offered for movie shoots,\" said Lubiana Sheerazi, India representative of Oman's Ministry of Tourism.While the number of Tamil, Telugu and Malayalam films shot in Oman has increased in the last three years, songs shot amid its deserts and beaches have encouraged several Indian families to travel there.Oman tourism is conducting road shows and promotions in the four metros and Pune this year to boost tourist arrivals.\"We have asked travel agents to facilitate film producers to shoot in Oman. On an average 50-20 people form a film crew. Subsidies can be arranged for accommodation and other needs. Such visits will bring revenue while the movies give us publicity,\" she added.Ramji Natarajan, chairman of TMIC which facilitates film shoots abroad, said, \"Such destinations offer great value for money. Producers want to shoot in exotic locations, where others have not visited. Oman and Abu Dhabi are destinations that are getting popular with producers along with Dubai .\"He also said that \"film makers will take up offers if subsidies are given though it's the location's exoticism that often attracts the attention.Lubiana Sheerazi said \"We are promoting Musandam, which has the only fjords in the Middle East, and Salalah, a verdant location on Oman's southern tip that resembles Kerala. Other destinations being promoted are Nizwa, Sur and Wahiba sands.\"Dhananjayan of UTV, a movie producer, said \"middle-east countries should simplify visa rules. Only if they give tourist visas for 40-50 people at short notice will be able to shoot. If visa rules are simple, film makers will be delighted to shoot at exotic locations abroad.\"He said \"visa on arrival will be ideal for film crew because shoots are planned at the last minute.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11801693", "title": "Notice to Lokayukta over Jindal mining pleas", "text": "BANGALORE: The high court on Tuesday ordered emergent notices to the Karnataka Lokayukta and the chief secretary in connection with two separate petitions filed by JSW Steel Ltd and its sister concern, South West Mining Ltd, both part of Jindal Group.The petitioners have challenged the July 27, 2011, report submitted by the then Lokayukta Justice N Santosh Hegde on illegal mining in the state. A division bench headed by Justice K Bhakthavatsala posted the matter to February 14. Incidentally, the same bench has reserved its verdict on a plea filed by former CM BS Yeddyurappa challenging the same report and consequential action.The petitioner companies claimed that principles of natural justice were not followed and they have been \"condemned unheard\" and the Lokayukta doesn't have the jurisdiction over actions of private individuals or corporations and unconnected with a public servant.Take property, bbmp toldA division bench headed by justice DV Shylendra Kumar of the high court on Tuesday directed the BBMP to take possession of the 10,000 sq ft prime property on Thimmaiah Road in the Cantonment area and preserve it for public use.\"The endorsement issued by then CM (N Dharam Singh ) on August 2, 2005 had an overbearing effect in this case. All the subsequent process was vitiated and influenced by that. The BBMP passed a resolution in support of the endorsement owing to political considerations ,\" the bench observed while allowing a batch of PILs.The petitioners had challenged the grant as well sale of that property to Danish Publications Limited which runs an Urdu daily and has former minister R Roshan Baig and his wife as its two directors. They also alleged that instead of the property being sold in a public auction as required under the law, a sale deed was issued on February 2, 2007 (when H D Kumaraswamy was chief minister ) for a consideration of Rs 1.68 crore, a price far below the market price.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11800708", "title": "Engineers caught accepting bribe", "text": "PANAJI: A central bureau of investigation (CBI) team on Tuesday caught central PWD assistant engineer RP Kini allegedly accepting a bribe of around Rs 50,000 from a contractor at the Bambolim office. SP SS Gavali said that based on a complaint the CBI team had searched the CPWD office and investigations are on. Sources said the CPWD contractor had complained to CBI that Kini was seeking Rs 50,000 to do his work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11800296", "title": "Cycle rally to mark Language Martyrs' Day", "text": "KOLKATA: Swarajit Roy and Shamik Bhattacharya can't wait to hit the road to Dhaka. Along with 28 others from the state, they will cycle to the Bangladesh capital from Kolkata to mark Language Martyr's Day, promote tourism and forge closer ties between the neighbouring countries. On their way, they will be joined by 30 more from Bangladesh who will accompany them from Darshana on the Indo-Bangla border to Dhaka.Titled \"Pedal for Mother Language\", the unique rally is being organised by a leisure consultancy firm in Kolkata. The eight-day journey will commence on February 12. It will take the cyclists through Ranaghat, Joynagar, Meherpur, Kushtia and Manikganj. Reaching Dhaka on February 19, the team will take part in events to observe Language Martyr's Day at Dhaka University on February 21, before returning to India along the same route. On their way, the cyclists will halt at Kushtia - the birthplace of Lalan Fakir - and Meherpur, which was the seat of Bangladesh's liberation war.\"Since the idea is to pay homage to the language martyrs, we felt that we should also be visiting Kushtia that is a symbol of Indo-Bangladesh cultural unity. We shall spend two days there, during which we shall also be travelling to Shilaidaha, with which Tagore had strong ties. Meherpur, of course, has a historical importance,\" said Shamik Bhattacharya.The team will cover 420 km, travelling around 40 km a day. Instead of the more common Petrapol border, the Darshana entry point was chosen to cut the journey short. The first leg of the rally will end at Ranaghat, also the first halt. From there, the rallyists will cycle 50 km to the Darshana border, entering Bangladesh on February 13. After spending a day in Kushtia, the team will journey to Rajbari on February 16. Manikganj will be their next stop, from where the final leg of the rally will take them to Dhaka on February 19.On their way, the cyclists will spread the message of peace, love, unity and call for a greater bond on the basis of a common mother language. \"Through the rally, we shall stress on the need for more cultural exchanges and tourism. Unless we visit each other's countries, we won't be able to explore the commonalities, the ties that we often talk about but hardly reinforce. It is significant that February 21 is also the World Mother Language Day. While it is like a festival across the border where the Bengali language stirs emotions like nothing else, in West Bengal there's hardly any awareness. But this is still a wonderful opportunity to get people from the two countries together,\" said Swarajit Roy.While the cyclists will return to Kolkata on February 23, several members are planning to stay back in Bangladesh for a week more. Subsidised accommodation will be provided to the cyclists by the Bangladesh Tourism Corporation.Explaining the decision to choose cycle as the mode of transport, Bhattacharya said it was easily the most popular vehicle on either side of the border. \"It's pollution-free and healthy. We would also like to promote adventure sport and cycling through our rally, apart from tourism and language,\" said Roy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11800808", "title": "Awareness on road sense held", "text": "MYSORE: Teresian College Adventure Sport Club organized a traffic awareness programme for its students at its auditorium here on Tuesday. To bring awareness on safety measures on road use and dealing with traffic, Teresian College had arranged a seminar on traffic rules and regulations. Traffic official sub-inspector C Ravi Kumar talked about road-sense using a Power-Point presentation and on road signs, drunken driving etc. Over 550 students from primary, high school, PU college and first grade college, were present.TrekkingThe adventure clubs of Teresian College and SBRR Mahajana First Grade College (NCC) have organized a day-long trek to Thadiandamol, Virajpet on Wednesday. The adventure club committee students will be accompanied by club convener Anthony Moses and Lt BR Nikhil Coy Commander along with 55 NCC candidates belonging to SBRR Mahajana First Grade College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11804802", "title": "Karbonn Mobiles launches two phones", "text": "NEW DELHI: Karbonn Mobiles has launched two affordable phone, KT51 and TnT KT60.Featuring a full touchscreen display, Karbonn KT51 sports large icons with widgets as shortcuts. Targeted towards entertainment lovers, the phone brings in features like Wireless FM radio with recording along with video recording and playing while also doubling up as a pocket transistor radio with a fully retractable antenna.Priced at Rs 2490, Karbonn KT51 also packs Bluetooth with A2DP, Remote access of handset, Mobile Tracker and an Auto Call Recorder. The phone supports expandable memory up to 8GB and a 3.5mm jack along with a 1000mAh battery.For those who like touch screen phones, Karbonn has launched Touch n Type KT60 which has a full touch enabled 6.6 cm screen display. Boasting of a sleek design, the phone has entertainment features like FM radio with recording along with video recording, 3.5mm audio jack and dual speakers support.Priced at Rs 2590, Karbonn KT60 supports expandable memory up to 8GB along with a 1400mAh battery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11804650", "title": "Sunny Leone's DVDs a rage in Kolkata", "text": "She might not have won \"Bigg Boss 5\", but big girl Sunny Leone is certainly generating booming business in India. First, she announced her entry into Bollywood with Pooja Bhatt's \" Jism 2\". But even before the movie hits the floors, the Canadian import is generating a lot of buzz on Kolkata's streets courtesy her original professional identity - that of a pornstar .From Gariahat to Chandni, Park Circus to Kidderpore, Kolkata's grey market has been flooded with pirated CDs and DVDs of Sunny's adult film romps. Priced between 70 and 120, they are selling by the scores. Some of the prints even have 'Bigg Boss participant' printed on the CD cover.\"Ever since she entered \" Bigg Boss\", demand for her porn films has gone up manifold. I sell around 20 CDs and DVDs a day on an average. Priced at 70 each, they are 'original' Sunny Leone movies,\" says a vendor at Chandni market. Excited about the spurt in sales, he gives us a peek into one of the storylines. \"In one, she is a pizza delivery girl and has her encounters during one such delivery. In another, she is a schoolteacher who has all sorts of orgies. Both are very popular,\" he adds.Another vendor says, \"There are many fake Sunny Leone DVDs doing the rounds. You will only get the original in my shop, that's why the price is a little high - 120.\"Across the street, there are four Sunny Leones vying for attention in one stall. Most have raunchy covers, while one actually has a demure picture of her draped in a sari!Sunny sells  Sunny Leone adult films have been in circulation for a long time. However, the demand has gone up by leaps and bounds after her \"Bigg Boss\" stint. I sell around 15 copies a day,\" says the vendor.At Gariahat, a pirated CD seller says that he has multiple customers looking for Sunny Leone porn every day. \"I am not to sure if it's for \"Big Boss\", but yes, men of different age groups are looking for her movies, and trust me, they're not all young guys. She's currently topping porn movie sales,\" he grins.To meet the demand, dealers are coming up with innovations as well. \"We have com piled all the movies in a single DVD. It's priced at 100 and is truly a collector's edition,\" says a vendor at Park Circus. There are around five shops in the area, all selling Sunny Leone CDs and DVDs. \"Sometimes the covers are different but the movies are the same. We are trying to put different covers so that our customers have no problem,\" says one.Sunny's ex, Matt Erikson, is the only one she did porn flicks with before their break-up. After they parted ways, he opened a blog that provides the duo's films on a payper-view and rental basis for viewers. But it seems Matt has some, er, stiff competition on Kolkata's streets.Dibyajyoti Chaudhuri &amp; Zinia Sen", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11799372", "title": "Jobless man batters father to death", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 33-year-old unemployed man allegedly battered his father to death with a pestle, knocked his mother unconscious as she tried to intercede and then sat with the bloodied bodies through the night before neighbours broke into their Krishna Nagar house in East Delhi on Tuesday morning and called the police.Dhingra's forgiving parents tried everything to win his love. \"From helping him own a shop to buying him a new car, they left no stone unturned,\" said another relative.At Hedgewar Hospital, where Dhingra and his mother are being treated, his sister said, \"I don't know what led to the gruesome murder of my ailing father\". Harnam Singh had a heart ailment and had cut back on work. A few days ago, his condition had worsened and a doctor advised him rest.The police, who were surprised by the brutality of the attack, said Dhingra must be in a very unusual and frustrated state of mind to have committed the crime in this manner. Using a pestle to hit his parents was a sign of extreme hatred, they said. \"We are ascertaining what led him to do this,\" said a senior police officer.Psychiatrists told TOI the attack seemed to be a case of unremitting rage getting internalized over time. Dr Jitender Nagpal, senior psychiatrist at Moolchand Medicity, said, \"An underlying psychological disorder whose manifestation could have resulted in this act would be worth evaluating.\"Specialists said the fact that Dhingra often beat up his parents was a sign of his simmering frustration. \"There are several facets of this case. He was unmarried and unemployed. The last time when his parents bailed him out could have made him take them for granted. But no certain explanation can be given for his act without a thorough medical examination and probe. There is a possibility that his frustration came out on soft targets - his parents,\" Dr Nagpal added.A few consultant psychiatrists said, had the Dhingra couple got their son treated sooner, the tragedy might have been averted. \"It's important that in terms of public mental health , early symptoms of distress and instability should be identified and not suppressed or ignored because of social stigma as various adverse situations can be avoided with timely counseling,\" said another psychiatrist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11801878", "title": "Cauvery water to elude 26L B'loreans this summer", "text": "BANGALORE: At least 26 lakh Bangaloreans will have to live through another summer with parched throats as a project scheduled to deliver Cauvery water to them has been delayed by three months.The Cauvery Water Supply Scheme (CWSS) Stage IV Phase II was scheduled for commissioning by March 2012 to meet the water needs of people living in the newly added areas of BBMP. \"The project will begin supplying Cauvery water to the city only by June,\" BWSSB chairman Gaurav Gupta said, attributing the delay to the project complexity and likening it to the Namma Metro project.Funded by the Japan International Co-operation Bank (JICA), the Rs 3383.70-crore CWSS Stage IV Phase II is slated to bring 500 million litres per day (MLD) of water to the city. Work on laying 172-km-long pipeline to ferry Cauvery water started in June 2005.The project is being undertaken in 13 water supply and 16 sewerage contract packages. \"We tried to put pressure on the contractors to finish the civil works by December 2010 so that pumping of water could begin by summer. But delay in supply of sand and labour shortage messed up the schedule,\" revealed BWSSB officials.Frequent truck strikes disrupted sand supply between mid-2010 and early 2011. \"Getting labourers to work at TK Halli and Tataguni project sites was an arduous task. We had a tough time in getting skilled labour,\" they explained.Pipelines have been laid on 154 km stretch. The remaining 18 km will be laid by March. \"Three pumping stations are coming up at TK Halli, Harohalli and Tataguni. About 70% of the work is completed. Getting these stations completely ready and installing filtering systems in the supply part of the project will take another one-and-a-half months,\" BWSSB officials told TOI. They said efforts are under way to get pumping of water to start partially by April-May 2012.Arid FutureBWSSB chairman Gaurav Gupta conceded that the latest Cauvery project too might not be able to meet the demand in the peripheral areas. \"This is the maximum that we can get from the Cauvery river. Henceforth, we will have to look at waste water recycling, replenishing ground water resources and other water conservation methods like rain water harvesting,\" he said.Bangalore generates about 985MLD of waste water. Of this, 721 MLD of waste water is recycled by the 14 treatment plants in and around Bangalore.Areas In WaitingWhitefield, Marathalli, Horamavu, Seegehalli, Herohalli, Subramanyapura, Dasarahalli, Thanisandra, Kodigehalli, Harohalli, Abbigere, Anjanaura, Talaghattapura, Begur, Gottigere, PeenyaThe ProjectRiver Cauvery supplies 900 million litres of water to the city daily and meets the water needs of 65 lakh people through 6,25,000 connections.The first project to being Cauvery water to the city was initiated in 1974. Three stages of the project and the first phase of the fourth stage have been completed.The city is facing an estimated water shortage of 500 million litres per day (MLD) and the Cauvery Stage IV Phase II was expected to fill up this gap. The project is billed to cater to the water needs of the people in the newly-added areas of BBMP.Times ViewThe drops are only getting dearer it seems. BWSSB admitting that the Cauvery Water Supply Scheme Stage IV Phase II will be delayed is yet another example of grand promises falling flat. It's a sorry state of affairs that parts of Bangalore are forced to wait for years for something as basic as water. Shortage of sand or shortage of labourers - whatever be the cause - the water board cannot simply wash its hands of by passing the buck. Such excuses won't help slake parched throats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11799768", "title": "GBA to place 'minimum demands' before candidates", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa Bachao Abhiyan (GBA) is planning on approaching candidates contesting the Goa assembly elections with a list of minimum demands in the context of the Regional Plan (RP) 2021.GBA will hold a workshop on February 19 to debate and derive a common minimum demand list to be placed before aspiring candidates. It will be held from 10am onwards at Caritas Hall, St Inez. Those who have put in suggestions for corrections to the RP 2021 for preservation of eco-zones are requested to bring copies forwarded to the TCP department.Meanwhile, GBA held its core group meeting on Tuesday to discuss the points the people would like to place before the candidates. It also discussed the findings of the zone change of properties that came under the IT scanner for alleged money exchange for conversions.A further investigation of the properties mentioned in Old Goa revealed that a vast area of orchard land in Bainguinim and Ella was converted to settlement in the RP 2021.In Ella (survey No. 21/2), 24784sq m owned by Good Earth Real Estate and Developers Private Limited, Machado Investement &amp; Finance Pvt. Ltd, Surekha Suresh Joshi (350sq m) and Rajendra Prasad Singla 21/2-D 68336 sq m Garden land owned by Milroc Good Earth Property &amp; Developers Pvt Ltd, survey numbers of Bainguinim 19, 20, 21, 22 and Ella 129(p),129(p),130, 131, 132, 133(p), 134(p), 135(p), 136(p),137(p),138, 117(p) showed huge amounts of land marked as settlement in the final RP as against the draft plan. There are many other construction companies that own lots of land in this area.\"In Ella, there are rice fields in survey Nos. 132 and 117 which are marked as settlement,\" Sabina Martins, GBA convenor, stated.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11801456", "title": "Two youngsters mowed down by train", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two youngsters, who were reportedly sniffing an intoxicant while sitting on the railway tracks, were mowed down by a train at Safilguda on Monday night.According to GRP SI Arulappa, the victims were identified as P Suresh, 20, and Akhil, 21, construction workers from Kapra in Malkajgiri.The mishap took place at around 10 pm on Monday when the duo reached the railway station in Safilguda to sniff 'whitener'. \"We suspect that due to intoxication, the duo failed to notice the oncoming Hyderabad-Ajmer (2720) train and were killed on the spot,\" the Arulappa SI said.The bodies of the victims got entangled in the engine battery due to which the driver had to stop the train. The bodies were shifted for post-mortem and a suspicious death case was booked under section 174 of the CrPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11800570", "title": "Expect visibility drop in morning, short spells of rain", "text": "NEW DELHI: Tuesday started off with the promise of being another sunny warm day- something that has been characteristic of the past couple of weeks. However, around 4pm, the weather changed completely.Brief heavy showers, accompanied by strong winds, affected parts of the city and brought down the evening temperature slightly. Met department's Safdarjung observatory recorded 0.4 mm rain till late evening.The night temperature came down to 7.6 degrees, one degree below normal and the day temperature dipped to 20.5 degrees Celsius, two degrees below normal. Other areas where rainfall was recorded were Najafgarh with 1mm rain, Palam with 0.6mm, Lodhi Road with 0.5mm and Ridge with 0.3mm rainfall.\"The main rain causing system is over Uttar Pradesh and the effect of that was felt over Delhi on Tuesday. There may be a few more very short spells of rain over the city on Wednesday. We are also expecting visibility to drop to about 200m for a couple of hours in the morning,\" said RK Jenamani, director in-charge, IGI Met.Met officials said rain and snow can be expected over a few places in Jammu and Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand till Wednesday, after which the incidence would reduce.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11799781", "title": "13/7 suspect met Osama in Pak, Lakhvi in Afghan camp", "text": "MUMBAI: Investigations into the 13/7 serial blasts have revealed that the prime accused, Haroon Rasheed Naik, met slain Al-Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden at a training camp for terrorists in Pakistan in August 2001. Later that year he also met Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi, the main accused in the 26/11 attacks, at another camp in Kandahar.Maharashtra ATS sources said Naik, alias Umar Akbar alias Mushtaque Shaikh alias Salahuddin (33), was arrested for facilitating hawala transactions in the July 13, 2011 serial blasts. Indian Mujahideen's (IM) founder Riyaz Bhatkal had sent him to a camp in Pakistan's Bahawalpur for 15-day training in late 2000. \"Naik was at the camp in August 2001 when Osama visited it. Osama gave an inspirational speech on jihad in Arabic and it was translated into English by one of the trainees. Osama's visit to the camp took everyone by surprise and motivated the trainees,\" said a police source. \"Naik is the link between the IM and Lashkar-e-Taiba , IM and Pakistan's Jaish-e-Mohammed, besides being the main link between IM and Al-Qaeda,\" said police.Osama's speech inspired Naik to join a 40-day commando training camp on the outskirts of Kandahar, Afghanistan . Here, he also met Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi of the Pakistan-based Jamat-ud-Dawa (JuD). Lakhvi is one of the main accused in the 26/11 terror attacks in which 10 Pakistani gunmen killed 166 people in Mumbai. The Kandahar training was just a month before 9/11 and Naik left after the twin tower attacks.Police claimed that at the training, Naik met two other terror suspects, Aftab Ansari and Ahmed Umer Saeed Shaikh. ATS chief Rakesh Maria refused to comment on the issue.While Ansari is the main accused in the kidnapping of Kolkata-based businessman Roy Burman (owner of Khadim Shoes), and the firing on the US cultural centre building in that city, Shaikh is an accused in the 9/11 attack. \"Shaikh had arranged Naik's 40-day commando training near Kandahar. Naik told interrogators that there were many foreigners in the Al-Qaeda training camp and he was the only Indian,\" said police sources, refusing to disclose the nationalities of other trainees at the camp. Shaikh, along with terrorists Masood Azhar and Mushtaque Ahmed Zargar were released in exchange for the passengers of the hijacked IC-814 in January 2000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11801903", "title": "Elders' advice: Stop child marriages", "text": "PATNA: Nobel laureate Desmond Tutu has said a nation will remain backward if it does not allow its women to be free.\"I want to encourage men in leadership positions to see that we work together to tackle the issue of child marriage. It is in the interest of all of us,\" the South African activist, who along with a delegation of 'The Elders' was in the city on Tuesday, told reporters. The Gandhi Peace Prize winner said he would initially think child marriage was confined to African countries but discovered later, to his dismay, that other parts of the world were also affected by it.'The Elders' is group of independent global leaders working together for peace and human rights. The delegation comprised of India's Self-Employed Women's Association founder Ela Bhatt, former Norway PM and ex-DG of World Health Organization Gro Brundtland and former Ireland president and ex-UN high commissioner for human rights Mary Robinson .They met a group of young people at Phulpur village in Dhanarua block, 35km from here, in the morning and appreciated the willingness of youngsters to work for raising awareness about anti-child marriage laws and mobilizing people across Bihar to end child marriage.Later they also met parents, teachers, law-enforcement officers and community leaders to better understand the causes of child marriages in India, especially in Bihar where 69% women are married before the age of 18 and almost half (48%) by the age of 15. Nationally, 47% women are married before the age of 18.Brundtland told the presser younger expectant mothers face higher risk of death or injury at the time of delivery than women who become mothers in their 20s. The infant mortality rate among children born to younger women is also higher. \"Increasing the age of marriage is essential to prevent such tragic deaths and to improve the health of the population as a whole,\" Brundtland said.The change is possible, believes Robinson. \"It is hard to imagine that a girl, who is married after 18, would allow her daughters to marry young. We can make a huge difference just by listening to young people and supporting them,\" he said.A report of 'The Elders' said girls married before 18 are more likely to report domestic violence. Child brides generally do not receive educational and economic opportunities and thus they and their children remain in poverty. A child mother's baby is 60% more likely to die in first year of life than a baby born to a mother older than 19, the report said.Later, 'The Elders' also met CM Nitish Kumar and some panchayat leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "11802162", "title": "Be alert to avert terror attacks: IGP", "text": "BELGAUM: Belgaum IGP (northern range) KSR Charan Reddy on Tuesday said that the state police should be alert to avert any possible terror attacks as of the 10 most wanted terrorists by the India government a few are from Karnataka.He was speaking at the inauguration of the three-day workshop on 'Prevention of terrorism' in Belgaum on Tuesday, organized for police officials by the IGP office. \"Considering the seriousness of terrorism, the state police had taken initiative to constitute an internal security division much before the 26/11 attack in Mumbai, with an objective of quick and immediate response. But it came into existence a month after the attack,\" he added.He also asked police officers to come out of the false belief that terrors attacks would happen only in north India. \"Such attacks can happen anywhere. The department had already arrested several SIMI activists from Belgaum and Bijapur,\" he informed. SP Sandeep Patil, state internal security division SP M V Ramakrishna Prasad, superintendent of district armed police B Shivanna and additional SP S H Gangareddy were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11801922", "title": "Passport Seva Kendra opened", "text": "PATNA: The Regional Passport Office, Patna, has started its Passport Seva Kendra on Digha-Ashiana Road on Tuesday. As per a press release issued here, people can avail the services, including new passports, renewal of old passports and police no objection certificate, at the Service Centre. Miscellaneous services, including inclusion of the names of wife/husband, change in address or name, date of birth, place of birth etc, can also be availed from the Kendra.The presence of an applicant for submitting his application is compulsory as marks of the fingers of the applicants would be taken, besides photograph of the applicant.For ensuring dates for meeting and getting tokens, the principle of 'first come, first serve,' would be followed and the time has been fixed from 9.30 am to 4.30 pm. The time of submitting application has been fixed from 9.30 am to 5 pm on all working days.The order to issue passport to the applicant would be done in their presence. An applicant can get information about his application on the website -- www.passportindia.gov.in. -- or through toll free number 1800-258-1800.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11800973", "title": "HC satisfied with action on farmer suicides, disposes PIL", "text": "KOCHI: A public interest litigation seeking action to prevent farmer suicides in the state was disposed by the Kerala high court on Tuesday.Considering the petition by advocate Basil Attipetty, division bench of acting chief justice Manjula Chellur and justice PR Ramachandra Menon ordered for disposal of the petition, expressing satisfaction in the steps adopted by the state and central governments.In the affidavit filed in response to the petition alleging spurt in suicides by debt-ridden farmers, the state government had informed the court that farmers of Wayanad, Palakkad, and Kasargod districts were included in the debt relief package introduced by the central government in 2006.The government had pointed out that there has been a decrease in number of farmer suicides in these three districts after their inclusion in the relief package. A total of Rs 3,318 crore was spent on debt relief, including measures to facilitate repayment of bank loans, the government had stated.Government had also told the court that amendment to debt relief laws are being planned to include more farmers under the purview of debt relief packages. While only those who applied before May 31, 2009 are part of the debt relief package, financial help will be extended to those who applied till October 31 last year, the government submitted. The government also stated that a special committee was formed under the chairmanship of commissioner of agricultural products.After visiting debt-ridden farmers and various political leaders, the committee has put forward suggestions to the government, and they are being implemented on a timely basis, the government had informed the court.The state government had informed the court that farmers of Wayanad, Palakkad, and Kasargod districts were included in the debt relief package introduced by the central government in 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11801351", "title": "Woman seeks police help to get back much-married hubby", "text": "CHENNAI: A 37-year-old woman on Tuesday sought police help to reunite with her husband who she said had 'married' two other women and wanted to marry another.In a complaint submitted at the commissioner's office, M Amutha said she married Murugan 20 years ago and they have two children. Then he was 'married' to a woman in Coimbatore from 2006 to 2009 before wedding a police sub-inspector in Chennai. Later, he lived with a Sri Lankan woman who left him after a while, the complaint added.Murugan denied Amutha's allegations saying, \"I am from a respectable family and if any news of this appears in the newspapers, I will commit suicide. My only wife is Amutha. I suspected her fidelity and that is why she is cooking up stories.\"\"I knew my husband lived with other women. He even brought some of them to my house in K Pudupatti near Thirumayam in Pudukottai,\" said Amutha, who came with her daughter Radha, 16, a class 10 student in Thirumayam.\"I want to reunite with my husband. In October last year, my husband married sub-inspector K Sridevi, I came to know of this only a week ago and immediately came to the commissioner's office,\" Amutha said.\"My petitions to the Thirumayam all-women police against my husband are gathering dust. A month ago, my husband came home with Sri Lankan national B Lakshmi, a tailor, and told me he planned to marry her after getting divorce from his 'wives'. But the woman saw my daughter, who was about her age, and son Raja, 19, a first year BSc student, and left,\" Amutha added.Sub-inspector K Sridevi said, \"I married Murugan last year in Tirupati and held a reception at the police quarters in Royapuram. After I came to know the truth, I drove him away.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11801341", "title": "NY expert for making cities more vibrant", "text": "CHENNAI: He was behind one of the most popular peer-to-peer file-sharing networks, LimeWire. The US courts may have shut that down, but founder Mark Gorton, is focusing energy on making cities more livable.Gorton, who was in the city on Tuesday to address a gathering at the IIT-M Research Park, says Chennai still has good chance of being a well-planned city that gives enough space to people rather than cars.\"Chennai has a lot going for it - the streets are quite wide and well-laid out. It's more about preserving what is already there and planning the new areas of the city well, rather than bringing in sweeping changes,\" he said.Gorton is the founder of OpenPlans, a non-profit organisation working on improving cities. He was behind the move to close Times Square in New York City to traffic and make it a pedestrian-only space. \"In the last five years, New York has started correcting the transportation policy mistakes it made over 100 years,\" he said.Chennai's vehicle population has more than tripled in 10 years and authorities should plan before \"horrible things\" happen. \"The United States lost the plot 100 years ago because automobile companies lobbied to create cities that needed cars,\" he said.Delhi has more cars than Chennai, Mumbai and Kolkata put together, said Shreya Gadepalli of the Institute of Transportation and Development Policy, the organization that brought Gorton to Chennai.In 2011, of the 1,455 fatal accidents in the city, police say 38% involved pedestrians. Yet, Gorton is optimistic. \"Chennai is still ahead of Delhi and Gurgaon. The buildings here are close to the streets, which are proportionate and ideal for walking. It is a very pedestrian-friendly city, you just need to build the pavements,\" he said, laughing.He also said land needed to be used smartly. \"Planning should be such that people do not have to travel far from home to work, shops and schools,\" he said, pointing out the development along Old Mahabalipuram Road as a bad example. \"It's just clusters of IT parks and residential enclaves. You need a car to get to and from it,\" he said.The city also has to promote cycling by creating separate lanes. Last June, the corporation scrapped a plan to have a 15km cycle track in Anna Nagar and Tirumangalam at a cost of 15 crore, citing shortage of funds. \"If there is money for flyovers, why not for cycle lanes?\" Gorton said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11800515", "title": "July 21 panel invites witness statements", "text": "KOLKATA: The judicial commission inquiring into the July 21, 1993 police firing, in which 13 Youth Congressmen were killed, is inviting statements from witnesses to the incident that day or those who have direct or indirect knowledge of it.The judicial commission was constituted last year and the inquiry is being conducted by Justice (Retd) Sushanta Chatterjee.It is to probe the killing of 13 Youth Congress workers in police firing on July 21, 1993 during their march to the state secretariat Writers' Buildings on a \"Mahakaran Abhijan\".The Youth Congress workers had started assembling at Mayo Road, Esplanade Row East, B B Ganguly Street, Brabourne Road, Strand Road near the Fairlie Place crossing and Kalighat Street. The cases were lodged in Hastings, Burrabazar, Taltala, North Port and Bhawanipore police stations.\"In view of the gravity of the situation and widespread public concern\", the state government set up a \"one man judicial commission of inquiry\" and appointed retired Calcutta High Court Justice Sushanta Chatterjee to inquire into the incidents.The commission is looking into \"events leading to the killing\" of 13 persons, the people involved and responsible for the incident, result of complaints lodged, role of police and other authorities, present condition of the families of victims, status of police cases registered on the incident, assess and recommend compensation for victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11799729", "title": "Travellers forsake risky Goa road for safer routes", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai resident Pradnyesh Ketkar, who is a native of Sindhudurg, has stopped taking the dangerous Mumbai-Goa highway (NH-17) when he drives down to his ancestral home. He has decided on a safer option, even though it's a longer route. Ketkar takes the Expressway to Pune, from where he catches NH-4, which takes him down to Satara and Kolhapur. At Sankhameshwar, he turns off to Sindhudurg.Ketkar is not alone. Many tourists and Konkan natives are forsaking the poorly maintained, two-lane, Mumbai-Goa highway and opting for other routes to take them down the Konkan coast or back up to Mumbai. The Bangalore-bound NH-4, for example, is a safer four-lane road. Meanwhile, the Mumbai-Goa highway has run up the worst accident toll for national highways in the state, accounting for 1,479 deaths in six years from January 2006 to December 2011.Ketkar said the better state of NH-4 means that even though he has to drive 60km extra, he arrives at around the same time or even earlier than travelers going by NH-17. \"The Mumbai-Goa road is narrow and has no dividers. There are several blind hairpin turns and slopes. It is very dangerous. You never know when other vehicles are dangerously near you,\" said Ketkar.Head-on collisions are common on the road. In December 2010, nine members of a Mumbai family died when the Tavera jeep they were travelling in collided head-on with a luxury bus at Khed. The Tavera driver, also from Mumbai, and bus driver also perished.A government engineer, whose hometown is in the Konkan region, said that the road has lost its safety factor. \"The road surface ideally should have a 7% super-elevation along curves to balance the centrifugal force acting on vehicles during turns. But on the Mumbai-Goa highway it is just 4%. There are 150 hairpin bends, which are extremely dangerous spots,\" said the engineer.\"The Mumbai-Pune Expressway and the Satara route have dividers, which can stop head-on collisions,\" said senior social worker and journalist from Raigad, S M Deshmukh. \"It's not just the long-distance travellers, even villagers who have to cross the road are at risk.\" He said the highway also lacks trauma centres and many victims die on the way to hospital.NH-17 crosses Pen, Vadkhal, Mahad, Sindhudurg and Sawantwadi before reaching Panaji. NH-4, which Ketkar uses, goes past Pune, Wai Road, Satara, Kolhapur and Sankheshwar before turning towards Bangalore. From Sankheshwar, though, drivers can turn to Sawantwadi ot Ratnagiri.Vinay Modak, who regularly arranges tours to the Konkan, said the tourism industry has been adversely affected due to the bad condition of the highway and roads branching out from it. \"The road conditions get worse every monsoon. Sometimes it might be worse than the rough sea. The last time it was resurfaced was in the late 1990s, during Shiv Sena-BJP rule. Blind turns and village bikers crossing the road make it dangerous. Sukeli Ghat near Nagothane, Kashedi Ghat, Parshuram Ghat between Khed and Chiplun, Sangameshwar Road and the narrow road in Banda are risky stretches,\" said Modak.\"The road is also bad in terms of information,\" said Sarfaraz Daruwala, who owns a farm in the Konkan. \"People cannot easily locate the road that leads to Dapoli or Koyna as there are no proper signs. We wish the government builds a coastal route to Goa along the lines of the Expressway. People from Pune, Satara and Kolhapur have better roads to reach the Konkan, but Mumbaikars are suffering.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11802399", "title": "Rahul finds Congress' very own Kushwaha", "text": "LUCKNOW: Rahul Gandhi never lets go of an opportunity to hammer BJP for inducting NRHM scam key suspect B S Kushwaha. But he has quietly done what they tried to do - given a ticket to taint ed ex-BSP minister Anees Ahmad Khan aka Phool Babu, from Bilaspur in Pilibhit. Khan replaces earlier announced candidate Dev Swaroop Patel.Khan was minister of state for minority welfare and haj till Mayawati sacked him on December 30, 2011 for neglecting duties. The BSP chief denied him a ticket from Bilaspur. Khan, an old BSP hand, had won the seat thrice.Last May, UP Lokayukta N K Mehro tra indicted Khan for misappropriating MLA funds and ordered recovery of Rs 94 lakh which the former minister gave a society his family runs.In 1993, the then SP-BSP coalition headed by Mulayam Singh introduced the MLA fund. Guidelines were framed in 1999 during the BJP government. Initially, Rs 25 lakh was allocated every year to an MLA.This was increased to Rs 1.25 crore. Khan allegedly diverted around Rs 1.62 crore from his MLA fund in 2007-08 for construction of three educational institutions run by a society Khan's wife Malka Begum was the president of this society and brother Akheel Ahmed manager.The Lokayukta couldn't recommend strong action against Khan because of a resolution the assembly had adopted barring Lokayuk ta from recommending punishment against a legislator for alleged misuse of MLA funds.The Lokayukta then left it to the CM to take a decision. Mayawati took no ac tion then but sacked Khan last December. The sacked minister termed the charges against him an act of political vendetta.Importantly, the assembly resolution that stopped the Lokayukta from recommending action against Khan for criminal misconduct was Congress-proposed. This barred the Lokayukta from recommending punishment against a legislator for alleged misuse of MLA fund.The resolution was moved by Congress leader in the assembly Pramod Tewari and it was adopted by voice vote Mayawati sacked 18 ministers on charges of corruption and criminal activities as well as negligence of duty She denied ticket to her MLAs found in volved in criminal activities. Many tainted expelled BSP leaders were picked up the Opposition.While BJP gave tickets to Daddan Mishra, Badshah Singh and AK Verma, SP fielded Rajpal Tyagi, Guddu Pandit and Sher Bahadur Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11800391", "title": "Lapses found at Kondhwa diagnostic centre", "text": "PUNE: A criminal case has been filed against a medical director and six radiologists working at a diagnostic centre in Kondhwa for violating various provisions of the Pre-conception and Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act, 1994. With this, the number of cases filed against doctors in Pune for flouting norms has gone up to 49 since the inception of the act.\"A criminal case was filed on February 6 against the medical director and radiologists who work at a diagnostic centre run by a charitable trust in Kondhwa, for various irregularities and lapses,\" said advocate Milind Salunkhe, the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC)'s counsel on PCPNDT cases.The court will hear the complainants and their lawyer and then decide on the issuance of summons, he added.\"We have decided to expedite issue process arguments by this weekend and are hopeful that a summons will be issued against all the seven accused soon,\" Salunkhe said.During a routine inspection conducted on January 7, the PMC's health officials found that the diagnostic centre did not keep a proper record of the sonography tests conducted at their centre. \"The centre had also not informed the appropriate authority of the names of the radiologists who were conducting sonography tests, a serious offence. The mandatory form F the doctors were using was also not in the format prescribed by the authorities,\" said a health official who conducted the inspection.\"In view these lapses, we sealed the machine and suspended registration of the centre,\" the official said.A study conducted in 2004 observes that the higher the number of sonography centres in a region, the poorer is the sex ratio. There has been an exponential rise in the number of sonography centres in Maharashtra over the last six years. In 2004, there were 4,345 such centres, a number that has swelled to 7,939 now. As per the provisional figures of the 2011 census, the state's child sex ratio has declined from 913 in 2001 to 883 in 2011 - a sharp fall of 30 points over the last 10 years.According to the state health department's report on sonography centres, in 2004, there were 160 such centres in the rural parts of Pune, which went up to 361 in 2011 - a 100% rise. In the same period, sonography centres within PMC limits went up from 221 to 410 and within PCMC limits the number rose from 45 to 104.As per the provisional figures of the 2011 census, the Pune district's child sex ratio has declined from 902 in 2001 to 873 in 2011 - a sharp fall of 29 points over the last 10 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11800901", "title": "Giving roses a life on their day", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A group of Panjab University students kicked off Valentine's Week on a positive note. Instead of gifting roses, they planted its saplings on the campus on Tuesday. Celebrating the day, youngsters from the department of laws and human rights invited all hostellers to join the initiative and planted the rose saplings in the lawns of girls' hostel number 6. \"We wanted to give a message a?? care for nature as much as you care for your loved ones. When the student council members learnt about it, they, too, joined us,\" said Simran Kaur, a second-semester student of department of laws.Ranjodh from the same department said, \"Youngsters go on a spending spree during the Valentine's Week. And, demand for roses increases manifold. Our aim is to shed their insensitivity and draw their attention towards environment.\"\"Last year, lovers had plucked flowers from the Rose Garden. This time, we want that it should not be repeated and the flowers should be allowed to bloom in gardens,\" Gagan, a student of MA (human rights), said.Members of Students' Organization of Panjab University (SOPU) and Panjab University Campus Students' Council joined forces with these students. \"When we came to know about the initiative, we resolved to support it contribute funds towards it,\" said Manoj, a representative of SOPU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11800720", "title": "Govt assures action against schools", "text": "PANAJI: Following a government assurance of action against 105 aided primary schools that reportedly switched to teaching in the English medium, the high court of Bombay at Goa on Tuesday disposed of a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by Datta Naik.The PIL had sought action against Konkani and Marathi medium schools that had changed the medium of instruction to English in violation of an earlier high court order.A division bench comprising justice SC Dharmadhikari and justice UV Bakre expressed satisfaction over the action taken by the state government and held that nothing survives in the petition following the government's assurance.The government had informed the court that it would initiate action under the Goa School education Act against the schools after expiry of show cause notice period of 15 days.From P1During the hearing state advocate general Subodh Kantak said reports submitted by assistant district education inspectors (ADEI) revealed that 105 primary schools had switched to the English medium.Petitioner's advocate D Pangam had argued that a large number of schools had illegally and without authorization switched to English despite being recognized and permitted to teach only in Konkani or Marathi mediums. On July 18, 2011, the high court had ordered that a cabinet decision to grant aid to English medium primary schools be not implemented until further orders.Pangam further pointed out that orders of the high court had been flouted and breached with impunity by the government and education department. He sought that grants to all such primary schools be stopped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11801102", "title": "Second oil-fired steam loco rolled out for NMR", "text": "TRICHY: The second oil-fired steam locomotive to be run exclusively on the higher gradient Mettupalayam -Coonoor section of the Nilgiri Mountain Railway (NMR), was rolled out on Monday adding one more feather to the 80-year-old Golden Rock railway workshop in Trichy.The assembly of 3,461 various indigenously-manufactured parts to make the 49.5 tonne 'X' Class locomotive with a capacity to haul 97.6 tonnes at a cost of just Rs 3.5 crore, is considered a laudable effort because the original Swiss manufacturer asked the Indian Railways an exorbitant price of Rs 10 crore for a locomotive.Another interesting factor is that the unlike the first indigenously made steam locomotive, which was rolled out in February last year, that had a riveted boiler, the second locomotive is made of all-welded boiler that could withstand a higher pressure, said P Mahesh, chief workshop manager. This capacity coupled with the rack-and-pinion system was ideal to climb the mountain range, he added.The new steam engine is fired by furnace oil, a new type of petroleum by-product which is neither petrol, nor diesel or kerosene. \"Earlier, the British used coal instead of oil, but now, as the Indian coal does not have the requisite caloristic value, we have to resort to this furnace-type oil,\" said Mahesh.In fact, the Railway Board had entrusted the Golden Rock workshop to manufacture four such steam locomotives and had allotted Rs 40 crore for the job to replace four of the eight British-built, century-old locomotives that had more than outlived their utilities.The century-old design of the original Swiss steam locomotive is not patented and the higher cost of an imported locomotive gave the engineers at Golden Rock an impetus to try it themselves, with some of the parts manufactured in Coimbatore, Bangalore and Kolkota.The remaining two steam locomotives would be ready first in July and the second in December, and they would be duly delivered to NMR, which is declared a World Heritage Railway System by the UNESCO.During last February, the first oil-fired steam locomotive, assembled at the Golden Rock Railway Workshop has successfully completed 170 trips between Mettupalayam and Coonoor till date, a distance of 26 km in the steep mountain range, and this has given the railways the nerve to manufacture two more such steam locomotives this year, said Mahesh.There were innumerable complaints in the NMR section as the age-old steam locomotives could not easily negotiate one of the steepest curves in the world between Mettupalayam and Coonoor.From Coonoor onwards up to Ooty, a distance 20-km is covered by diesel-powered engines as most of the stretch runs on flat surface, said Mahesh.The British had left behind a total of eight such steam locomotives, all of which have outlived their utility. Four of them have already been condemned and might be used in future for its heritage value. The Railway Board is in the process of replacing four of them with indigenous ones, and the four old engines would run for some more time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11800565", "title": "BSF jawan dies after attack by cattle smugglers", "text": "KOLKATA: A Border Security Force (BSF) jawan of the South Bengal Frontier died at SSKM Hospital on Tuesday. The jawan was attacked by cattle smugglers along the international border at Swaroopnagar in North 24-Parganas on Saturday. Head constable Sartaj Singh was a resident of Gari Ram Dhan village in the Jaswant Nagar Tehsil of Etawa in Uttar Pradesh. His body was sent back to his family on Tuesday after a wreath laying ceremony.The incident occurred around 4am on Saturday when Singh and other jawans of the 152 Bn of the BSF were patrolling the border near the Gobardah outpost. Nearly 100 cattle smugglers, including Bangladeshi nationals, attacked the jawans. TNNTwo of them, including Singh, sustained serious injuries and were admitted to SSKM Hospital. Three Bangladeshi nationals were apprehended from the spot and 32 heads of cattle seized.\"Between January 1, 2011 and February 7, 2012, there have been 52 attacks on BSF jawans along the South Bengal Frontier alone. The situation has worsened after criminals became aware that the BSF jawans have been ordered not to use lethal weapons,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "krishnagar", "code": "11800460", "title": "Development high on taskmaster CM's agenda", "text": "KRISHNAGAR: She was the tough taskmaster, as always. She wielded sticks and dangled carrots to get work done. Some got the stick and some were lauded for their good work. She pulled up top district officials, asked them to increase mobility, expressed unhappiness over the functioning of Benfed, pace of rural electrification and 100-day work scheme. It all happened in Nadia, during the chief minister's one-day district tour on Tuesday.Come what may, development work in the districts will not be hampered, said Mamata Banerjee. She also made it clear that she is against dissolving any zilla parishad, indicating, those run by the opposition will continue to serve their full term. The chief minister spent the whole day at Krishnagar - the district headquarters. It was the last leg of her tour to South Bengal districts. (By February 10, she will complete visiting all districts, barring Murshidabad, she said.)Mamata held a three-hour-long closed-door meeting with district officials. She was happy to know that the administration has already procured 2,500 tonne more rice than what they did during the same time last year. She was told that the procurement could have been better had Benfed worked properly. The CM was furious. \"Why? Are they sleeping? How can a government-run body behave like this? We will blacklist them if they continue like this. Shantanu (an officer in CMO), please ensure that the cooperative department is represented in meetings hereafter. Take it up with them and let me know the reasons immediately,\" she said.Mamata told the district officials at the onset that she is not happy either with the pace of rural electrification in the district. At this, Nadia DM Abhinav Chandra informed her that the pace is picking up and they've already reached the halfway mark. \"Ma'am, the issue was lack of coordination. Now we have committees at all three levels - starting from panchayats. This has solved the problems. We hope to meet 85% of the target by the end of this fiscal,\" he said. The chief minister appreciated it and said, \"Why 85%? Why not 100%?\" Then she asked: \"How many pending applications of electricity connections do you have?\" It's 75,000, she was told. Of them, 15,000 has been processed. \"Form a task force to speed up the process. There might be several reasons behind the delay, politics being one of them, I have been told,\" Mamata said.Mamata told the officials: \"You must increase mobility. And I tell this to everybody - right from the DM to the BDOs, and from the SP to the police officers. Dieting is not the only way to be in shape.\"She also urged the district administration to improve the healthcare facilities, urged transport minister Madan Mitra to introduce more buses, asked municipal affairs secretary Alapan Bandyopadhyay to accord Tehatta and Haringhata the status of municipalities. She has already written and talked to the Prime Minister for improving the condition of NH-34.\"The repair work needs to be completed fast and the encroachments have to be removed. But there is little we can do on our own for it is up to the NHAI to do that,\" she said.During her trip to Nadia, the chief minister stressed on minority development and education. She urged the district administration to expedite the sample survey on minorities and asked them to include the Muslim burial grounds renovation under the 100-day work scheme. She was happy when told that Nadia has a \"phenomenal rise of 200%\" in providing certificates to SC/STs. \"I feel you should award the performers,\" she told the DM, adding, \"And blacklist those who can't.\"She also urged the district administration to build a detailed roadmap to put Nadia in the state's tourism map. Later, emerging out of the meeting, she told reporters that the district has to better its MGNREGA performance. I also suggested to reopen the Dhubulia hospital on a PPP model\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11800673", "title": "Discourse on 'Anger and me'", "text": "PANAJI: Fr Abraham Painumkal, a Jesuit priest and counsellor, will deliver a discourse on the topic 'Anger and me' on February 9, at 6pm, at Jesuit House, Panaji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11801901", "title": "IGNOU-IIMSHE ties up with The Podium for BPO course", "text": "BHOPAL: Indira Gandhi National Open University and Institute of Industrial Management for Safety, Health and Environment (IGNOU-IIMSHE) here have joined hands with a Bangalore-based skill enhancement company - The Podium - for introducing a course to develop domestic call centre professionals, primarily for telecom industry. The course would commence from February 13.\"The enrolment of the class XII pass out students for the 120 hours course spread over 21 days will begin on Wednesday, \"IGNOU regional director Dr K S Tiwari and Dr S A Pillai Managing Director, IGNOU-IIMSHE told reporters on Tuesday.They said the IGNOU-IIMSHE have tied up with The Podium given that there were around 300 job opportunities per month in telecom Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) in the state capital.Dr Tiwari said the course has been specially tailored to impart industry guidance, basic English, customer service, telephone etiquette, selling skills and typing. Candidates would be mastered in art of dealing with irate and repeat callers, he added.He said they were trying to put successful candidates in BPO companies as trainees, where they would be absorbed as staffers later on.During course, the first 18 days would dwell on basic skills to for the entry of candidates in the BPO industry, Dr Tiwari said. After spending four months in BPO, the candidates would again imparted two days training and on the third last day, their monitoring and final assessment would take place, he added.Dr Tiwari said that a sum of nearly Rs 5200 would be charged from each candidate for the course.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11801709", "title": "Beat exam blues away with songs and snacks", "text": "BANGALORE: Recital sessions on the Gita, the Quran and the Bible , a music teacher hopping from class to class singing, trekking in jungles and giving milk and snacks during class hours-these are some of the measures the city schools have adopted to help their students beat exam stress.As the exam season is set to kick off with the Indian School Certificate Examination (ISC) on February 13, schools are on a stress-busting mission. The biggest foe, they say, is not the exam, but the fear. With parents' expectations sky high, the thought of the future being at stake and fear of failure hovering, the need of the hour is a pat on the back and a listening ear.And the schools are giving them just that. If yoga and counselling are the regular practices in most schools, there are some who have come up with novel ideas.In one such attempt, Ebenezer International School gave a day off from the packed timetable to Class 10 students for an adventure trip to Turahalli, a forest reserve on Kanakapura Road. Reading passages from holy books daily during exam season is another regular practice here. \"We pick passages from these holy books and translate them as the Gita is in Sanskrit and the Quran in Urdu. The passages on confidence, understanding ,calmness of mind and promises are picked on. We want to assure the students that they can do it,\" said Indrani Sudarshan, educational director . BEL Vidyalaya had a surprise for children. Parents bearing gifts came on the scheduled day as per the school's request . \"A session was organized to make children understand and believe that parents cared for them,\" said M Raghupathy , principal.Music therapy is increasingly becoming popular among schools.In Akash International Residential School, the music teacher walks in and sings songs to calm students down. The students join the teacher for a brief time before he moves on to the next class.For hyperactive kids,Cambridge Public School organises a karate session once a week. \"Such sessions help channelise energy in the right direction,\" said Nigar Sulthana, principal. Not overlooking the health factor, Geethanjali Vidyalaya organizes milk and snacks for children during extra classes.The snacks range from biscuits to bread, upma, idli to noodles and are provided when the extra classes stretch on longer than the usual.The age-old concept of counselling students has given way to those organized for mothers and teachers. \"Counselling becomes important for parents as children should not be bogged down by family problems. Denial among parents about pressurising kids is another factor that prompted us to come up with such sessions,\" said Indrani.Can't ask for better medicines for exam fever!Times ViewIt's that time of the year when school students don the role of soldiers going to a war. Instead of taking exams as a do-or-die fight, students should believe in themselves. Parents should do their bit too in boosting their wards' self-confidence . Praiseworthy words rather than scolding will make exams a fruitful exercise. Exams are essential to judge one's performance. It also acts as a stimulant to the brain. Students, fill your minds with positive thoughts and take on tests with a smile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11801313", "title": "Ameerpet land case: Sarma too blames Rosaiah", "text": "HYDERABAD: CVSK Sarma, senior IAS officer, reportedly told the ACB court on Tuesday that it was K Rosaiah, chief minister in 2009-10, who cleared the file denotifying the nine-acre prime land at Ameerpet in the heart of the city.The IAS officer who was with the CM peshi as principal secretary during K Rosaiah's tenure as CM, reportedly stated that the petition seeking denotification of the land was given directly to Rosaiah by the applicants. He said he merely placed the file before the CM as per the latter's instructions. Rosaiah is now governor of Tamil Nadu. Sarma was summoned as a witness in the case by the court which is acting on a complaint charging the state with favoring certain private individuals and handing over to them the Rs 200-crore worth land through this 'illegal denotification'.\"Rosaiah gave the representation to me with a direction to put up a file. Accordingly the file was obtained from the municipal administration wing and placed before the CM. Rosaiah studied the file and felt that certain portions of the very same block of Ameerpet land, which was earlier acquired by the government for a public purpose, was denotified earlier in favour of certain individuals. The CM had also expressed the opinion that not extending the same benefit to the present applicants is nothing but discrimination.Accordingly, he cleared the file in favour of the applicants who approached him, Sarma said and added that the note file contains the then CM's remarks in this regard.The lan d acquisition officer with HMDA who also deposed before the ACB court on Tuesday told the court that the land was still with the HMDA and that they were raising nurseries. The court posted the case to February 15 for hearing arguments.Earlier, two other IAS officers, B P Acharya, who was then HMDA commissioner, and T S Appa Rao,had told the ACB court that it was Rosaiah who had cleared the file denotifying the land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11801730", "title": "They want to know why NHAI did not build service roads", "text": "BANGALORE: Commuters are unhappy over the NHAI's decision to collect a toll from people travelling on the road to Bengaluru International Airport and beyond. They want to know why the NHAI did not build service roads before starting collection of toll.Vijay Rekhi, chairman of United Spirits and a resident of Ulsoor, criticizes the NHAI's decision to collect toll before constructing service roads. \"The decision to collect toll should have been deferred. If the authority says it has to collect money to complete the development of the road, it is nothing but begging from the motorists without giving them the facility they were promised,\" he says.Another frequent flyer, Saravanan Balasundaram, CEO of Han Digital Solutions, a market research company , told TOI: \"Now I will have to force myself to pay the toll and get to the airport facing traffic all the way to the airport, even at the toll booths. Had the NHAI made a signalfree corridor and flyovers ready on the road, I would have been more than happy to pay a toll.\"\"It will be a huge burden. We might have to purchase electronic cards and passes to save ourselves from losses,\" says R K Holla, secretary of the Bangalore Tourists Taxi Owners' Association.Explains NHAI project director R K Gupta: \"It's part of the NH-7 development project. The toll plaza at the junction was planned when the operations from BIA were made functional . Traffic grew exponentially, so the road development programme was taken up.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11804679", "title": "Murugadoss\u2019 small desire!", "text": "Kollywood filmmakers are a frustrated lot these days, with the ongoing fight marring any kind of shooting progress.That's perhaps why director A R Murugadoss - unable to continue work on his ongoing Thuppaki with Ilayathalapathy Vijay - is planning to helm a short film!\"We're all eager to get back to shoot but can't,\" he says, \"When I was taking a walk near my house compound, I saw a couple of teenagers talking to each other. It struck me instantly that I could do a short 10-minute film exploring the love life between a school boy and girl. But, I'm yet to get proper students who'd be apt to essay the story I've in mind. If I get them soon, I'll go ahead and do it.\"The 7aum Arivu filmmaker wants this movie to be a 'natural one', sans any make-up or technical excellence. \"It should be a story told in a natural way,\" he says, \"If I get the right actors and if the strike extends, I guess I'll do it and release it in the Internet.\" On Thuppaki, he says, \"We've completed one long schedule. A couple of songs have been composed as well.\" SR", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11798920", "title": "Just be yourself to stay in touch with kids", "text": "NEW DELHI: A piggyback can go a long way. You don't really have to move heaven and earth for your kids; a couple of hours of undivided attention can help you bond effectively. Counsellors dealing with families say parents who want their children to take interest and be involved in the affairs of the family should start the process of connecting early. Make them feel wanted, ensure they know their company's valued, or kids - growing faster now - will soon look outside the family for entertainment and companionship.Whatever effort is made towards engaging the children must be \"started from day one\", as Deepak Gupta, psychiatrist, Centre for Child and Adolescent Well-Being, puts it. Making the communication of feelings and experiences among family members a daily exercise is essential as it conditions the child to sharing.Double-income parents, with limited free time at their disposal, have to work on it that much harder. An expensive gadget won't make up for missing a parent-teacher meeting.Psychiatrist Jitendra Nagpal also advises against \" permissive parenting\" - the practice of routinely giving in to the demands of children. \"Parents give too easily, too much and too frequently. The problem with that is boredom sets in very fast,\" he explains. And kids aren't always happy with that either. One teen Nagpal counselled told him: \"I've got everything from my parents except themselves.\"\"Giving gifts only helps deliver the message that happiness comes from material things. Parents try to connect when kids are growing up but by then they are already looking outside for emotional support,\" says counsellor Gitanjali Sharma. \"If parents leave others to sit the kids while they themselves unwind on weekends, kids will get the message and make their own plans on weekends. You can't really blame them.\"For her, as well as Gupta, one meal together in a day - with no TV or phone to distract - is essential for a family. The dinner table is an ideal setting for discussions. \"Discuss what you see on TV instead of closing your eyes; conversations with teens and adolescents will clear their doubts,\" says Gupta.So will telling stories about your own adolescence. \"Kids are always bay what mom and dad did,\" says Nagpal but there's little time given to this. At a workshop, Nagpal had asked the attending kids how many of them eat with their parents. \"Only about 40% of the participants said they had at least one meal in a day with parents.\"Kids, as it happens, don't need much time as long as what they get is meaningfully spent. It may come as a surprise but Nagpal says children are more understanding than most give them credit for being. \"There are families in which parents are not staying together or one is away for long periods like army families. But the parent should be able to bond with the child even for the half an hour they have together,\" says Nagpal. \"Give younger children piggybacks once in a while, hug your son before leaving for work. But be consistent in the way you behave.\" Also impress upon them the fact that if things go wrong, only mom and dad will be by their side.In nuclear families, grandparents are absent, living separately either in the same city or in a different one. The presence of her in-laws in the house has helped Isha Chopra cope. She works with an Internet marketing company and her husband's an architect. Their four-year-old son spends all his time after school with her in-laws. \"He spends maximum time with his grandparents. They make the best guardians - a creche can't instill moral values in a child - and he is very happy with them,\" she says. Any time she and her husband have is spent with their son. \"On weekends, we take him out to a mall or to Adventure Island - somewhere we can spend time together.\"Communication that's \"non-judgemental, patient and tolerant\", as Nagpal puts it, is the key. Sharma finds sports clubs that allow parents to bring their kids a healthy way for the whole family to enjoy with their own groups as well as together. \"I don't think movies work that well as what parents enjoy the kids don't and vice-versa, and you're stuck for three hour without interacting,\" she adds.Gupta, on the other hand, encourages parents to be involved in whatever interests the child. \"Parents can participate in academics, social networking, even video-gaming,\" he says. \"And it's important for them to be at least acquainted with their kids' friends and their parents. Teens don't like parents intruding but they can go on an outing together.\"Accelerated growth and a generation of kids that's smarter- Nagpal calls it the \"smart child syndrome\" - have left parents struggling to keep up. Beleaguered mums and dads look for support online from blogs and message boards - managing as a single parent, finding time for kids, dealing with sick children.Despite views to the contrary, parenting, say counsellors, is not rocket science, not even for double-income families. \"Working parents should not feel guilty,\" states Gupta categorically, pointing out that housewives don't necessarily make better parents. \"I know lots of families in which housewives are not able to spend time with kids. It's all about how you manage yourself,\" he argues. \"You don't need classes,\" says Nagpal, who's held many a workshop on parenting. \"It's so easy to be a good parent. Just be yourself.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "jhargram", "code": "11800550", "title": "Maoist couple surrenders to police in Midnapore", "text": "JHARGRAM: A Maoist couple surrendered to the West Midnapore district police on Tuesday. Several Maoists have surrendered themselves and expressed desire to return to the mainstream in recent times. Including Chiranjit Mahato and Anima Mahato,A total of 25 Maoists, including the couple, have given up arms in the past few months.Police identified the couple as Chiranjit Mahato and Anima Mahato. While Chiranjit was known as Lambu in the Maoist squad, his wife was called Usha. Chiranjit said that he had realized mindless bloodshed can only cause ruin. The thought that guns can never bring about a change led the Maoist to surrender.Chiranjit had joined the guerrillas at the beginning of the Lalgarh movement. He primarily operated in Madhupur and Kantapahari area of Lalgarh.Chiranjit claimed to have first joined the Peoples Committee Against Police Atrocities in 2008. He was later picked up for the Maoist squad. A resident of Salboni's Kanyabali village, Chiranjit was involved in a series of sabotages. It was during his He said that he completed his tenth standard from Satpati School and during hisguerrilla life that he married Anima, the sister of Maoist squad leader Pintu.Initially, he was trained by squad leader Rakhal and after getting trained in basic arms, he was inducted into Rakhal's squad. But later problems broke out between Rakhal and Chiranjit and he was shifted to Badal's squad. He was taken to Jharkhand during 2009 elections, claimed Chiranjit.Anima, on the other hand, joined the red brigade in 2009. But she left the squad after a few months. In 2010, she was once again made a part of the armed group by Badal. It was then that Anima, who hails from Champasole village in Midnapore, met Chiranjit.IG Gangeswar Singh (western zone) said that the couple had been contacting police for the past few weeks. After they made up their minds, they landed up in front of the police on Tuesday. Initially, they will be taken to the rehabilitation camp, said Singh.In the afternoon, district police handed over Rs 1lakh to 15 families who have lost their kin in Maoist violence. Each family is supposed to get Rs 5lakh as compensation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11801290", "title": "No strictures against me: Bannurmath", "text": "BANGALORE: Justice S R Bannurmath (in pic), who bowed out of the Lokayukta race, has faulted the governor for making \"reckless allegations\" against him, which, he said, were unsubstantiated. The judge answered the charge point by point.Charges And DefenceCharge: Owns multiple sites in Bangalore, including one in Judicial LayoutJustice Bannurmath (JB): No other property than a site in Judicial LayoutCharge: Owns a site set aside for parkJB: Site No. 503/92 (registered on Nov 16, 1992) is beyond the park areaCharge: SC passed strictures in some cases he heard as judge of various courtsJB: Wrong. On the contrary, I've received eloquent testimonials before I retired as Kerala CJ.Charge: Shares a rapport with former CM B S YeddyurappaJB: It's known I'm a Lingayat and so is the former CM. Besides this coincidence, neither am I related to him nor have I any links or political affiliations. I was appointed additional state public prosecutor in 1990 when S Bangarappa was the CM and continued during the tenures of H D Deve Gowda, M Veerappa Moily and J H Patel who are from different communities.Charge: Integrity and capability under a cloudJB: I would not have been appointed a judge or a CJ had there been any doubt of my being communal or political.Bannurmath's Posers To Guv, OthersWhy are allegations about my owning a site in Judicial Layout made without ascertaining facts? Why was Justice Chandrashekharaiah appointed a Upa Lokayukta when he, too, is under a cloud of owning multiples sites in Bangalore? Were there any political or extraneous considerations behind allegations against me? Was it because important persons involved in scams are afraid they will be exposed by an independent and upright Lokayukta? Why was I not given an opportunity to explain my stand? Are there no sanctions against the conduct of high constitutional functionaries to protect their image? Such reckless allegations against a former CJ lower the esteem of the judiciary. Who is responsible for this? Why didn't higher custodians of judiciary come to my rescue?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11801234", "title": "Shabnam Mausi wants to clap out corrupt politicians", "text": "KANPUR: The first eunuch MLA of India, Shabnam Mausi, who had won as an Independent candidate from Suhagpur Assembly seat of Shahdol district in Madhya Pradesh in 2000 and later a movie titled 'Shabnam Mausi' was made on her life, is also in the fray from the Cantonment Assembly constituency in the city.Shabnam Mausi is contesting 2012 Assembly elections as a candidate of Rashtriya Viklang Party (RVP).Making a debut in the UP's politics, Shabnam Mausi's agenda includes fighting corruption and corrupt politicians, unemployment, poverty and hunger in the Assembly.Even as other candidates in fray use hi-tech means to lure voters, Shabnam Mausi, joined by the volunteers of Rashtriya Viklang Party, is campaigning on foot and making the rounds of congested Dari Chauraha locality in Faithfulganj area, drumming up support with self-composed numbers like 'Shabnam Mausi aayi hain nayi roshni layi hain.'\"We, the real 'kinnars' are much better than those fake 'kinnars' (corrupt politicians). I am in the electoral arena to defeat these fake eunuchs,\" Shabnam Mausi said while talking to TOI.Fifty-year-old Shabnam and other members of the RVP rise early and hit the campaign trail in congested lanes of the Cantt assembly constituency. Shabnam keeps on telling the voters: \"Hum chahe jaise bhi hain par un choron se to acche hain (I am eunuch, but I am better than those corrupt politicians.\" Her supporters distribute pamphlets, urging people to vote for Shabnam Mausi to weed out corruption.Shabnam Mausi knows and can converse fluently in 14 languages and has adequate knowledge of the Constitution. At one time, she had a busy career in Mumbai acting in bit roles in films starring Amitabh Bachchan (Amar Akbar Anthony) and Rajesh Khanna (Janata Hawaldar). \"If I will win then I'll do justice to people without any fear or pressure since they are only my family and friends,\" Shabnam Mausi declared.Shakir Ali, a local considers her an important candidate: \"Not only gender-wise, Shabnam is different in other aspects also like intelligence and commitment to masses. \"I would prefer her over other candidates,\" he added.UP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11799565", "title": "Never made appeal for peace in 2002: Zadaphia", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Former state home minister, Gordhan Zadaphia told the Nanavati-Mehta commission on Tuesday that he didn't ever visit any relief camps or riots-hit areas in 2002. He also admitted that he had not made any appeal to people to maintain peace and harmony in the aftermath of Godhra carnage.Zadaphia revealed this while being cross-examined with regards to the 2002 riots by the Central Relief Committee (CRC) counsel, I M Munshi.Zadaphia was examined last month also, but since CRC was not permitted to question him then on technical grounds, CRC grilled him on Tuesday. When advocate Munshi asked whether the former minister visited visited any relief camp or riot-affected area in 2002, he said he had never visited any of the places.He said that before he reached Godhra after hearing of the burning of S-6 of Sabarmati Express, chief minister Narendra Modi and senior VHP leader Jaideep Patel had already reached the place, and he accompanied them to the spot where postmortems were being conducted.He also said that he had not issued any written orders to any of the senior cops, but all instructions were orally issued. He said that he was present in only one of the meetings that Modi called, but did not remember who else was present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11801896", "title": "Bhopal railway division earns record revenue", "text": "BHOPAL: West Central Railway's Bhopal division has earned a record revenue of Rs 706 crore during the first nine months of current fiscal, registering an overall growth of 32 per cent in revenue collection.WCR Divisional Railway Manager Dhanshyam Singh said revenue earnings from freight have registered an increase of 59.28 % from April 2011 to January 4 this year as compared to the corresponding period last year. Earnings from passenger fares crossed Rs 277 crore, registering an increase of about 10 per cent as compared to the previous year.Pointing out that the division earned an additional Rs 2.93 crore by providing 1373 additional coaches in different trains originating and passing through Bhopal division, he said all this became possible because of better marketing initiatives and facilities being provided to the passengers and other customers.Meanwhile, a railway spokesman said passengers can book their tickets 120 days in advance from March this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11802656", "title": "Youths want leaders to be accessible, accountable", "text": "NAGPUR: As he points towards the unfinished road work in Mecosabagh Colony, Anish Goodae laments the fact that there is now no one to take up responsibility for it. \"I don't even know who to call up and question why the tarring of road has not been completed. The corporator should be putting up his number at all prominent places to ensure that we can reach him when needed,\" said Anish, who works with the admin department of a mining company.As youths get ready to vote in the NMC elections the criteria for choosing them seems to be different from a generation ago. Rohit Rao, a young executive with a private bank, said, \"My parents feel that we should vote for the party as that will ensure that in majority they can implement better schemes. But I feel that voting for the right candidate is important even if he or she is an independent.\"Most youths feel that senior politicians have placed themselves on a pedestal from where they look down on the rest as 'lesser people'. \"My father said that he had not seen our corporator for a long time,\" said Harish Khemchandani, a resident of Kamal Chowk.\"The recent agitation that Anna Hazare did was for the same reason to make these people accountable for their work. Once that happens there will be no more corruption taking place in our country at all. We as citizens should make our corporators aware that they work for us and should not even dare to disobey our concerns,\" said Khemchandani.Many people say the awareness among youth is due to Anna's movement last year. Though the agitation is still continuing in different ways, last year's August fast by the Gandhian saw it touching its zenith. Lakhs of people all over the country came out on the streets to support Team Anna forcing the government to ultimately bring the Lokpal Bill up for discussion in Parliament.Shashikant Raiborde, a student who supports Team Anna, said, \"Earlier I felt that politics was a waste of time and the most boring subject that could come up for discussion. Now due to Anna my view has changed and I understand the need to be involved in civic affairs at least indirectly by being an aware voter. I still believe that majority of politicians are crooks and are only interested in making money, but I have to exercise my right to vote to kick such people out of office.\"Team Anna is Nagpur is actively canvassing in various places to create awareness among voters. Under the banner of India Against Corruption , volunteers are appealing to people to support only good candidates. Ajay Sanghi, IAC coordinator, said, \"We only want people to focus on a few things. Citizens should not make caste, religion, party or money the criteria for voting. It should be based on the candidates' background and the past history of work. Our volunteers are spreading all over to make this happen but we face resistance like in Koradi where they were stopped by the police itself.\"While every person might have a different reason for voting for a certain candidate, majority of the youths believe that accessibility and accountability are the two qualifications which every politician should have.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "11802590", "title": "Money, criminals influence Akola polls?", "text": "AKOLA: Good character and ethics seem to have become a distant dream as oil mafias, liquor barons, matka kings, gambling den operators and hardened criminals have an influence on the forthcoming elections to Akola Municipal Corporation (AMC) to be held on February 16.The Congress is on the forefront to distribute tickets to those who are either wives or relatives of infamous gangsters. Congress allotted tickets to Sharifabi Yunus Khan who is a co-accused in a murder committed in 2010. Nine members of different families were given Congress tickets where money reportedly played a key role. Former mayor and city Congress chief Madan Bhargad and his wife were allotted tickets. Another couple Usha Virak and her husband Jagjitsing also got Congress ticket.Sajid Khan Pathan, former chairman of the standing committee, his cousin Iliyas Khan and wife of another brother were allotted Congress ticket. Congress has also given tickets to Taherabi, wife of Aliyarkhan alias Allu Pahelwan and Sofia Aazad Khan, daughter-in-law of Allu Pahelwan.However, the Congress denied party ticet to Majusha Garad, daughter-in-law of noted freedom fighter Devidas Garad. The strong loyalist Manjusha charged that the policy of bargaining made her suffer.speakoutnagpur@timesgroup.comIn 73-member AMC house, Congress has fielded 45 candidates and its ally NCP 28. BJP is contesting 40 seats while Shiv Sena has put up 33 candidates.Sanyukta Vikas Aaghadi of BRP-BMS, Akola Vikas Manch and Muslim League have fielded 69 candidates. Muslim league was given 4 seats. Iqbal Siddiqui is in the poll arena.Akola Vikas Aaghadi is contesting 15 seats whereas United Democratic Front (UDF) 14 and Samajwadi Party 11.A group of rebels has surfaced as soon as major political parties declared the lists of candidates.BJP has expelled 17 rebels from the party, including Pawan Padiya and Gopi Thakre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11801532", "title": "Massive security in place for UP polls", "text": "LUCKNOW: The 2012 assembly election in Uttar Pradesh will see the most extensive security cover ever in the country. The massive security apparatus will include over 75,000 personnel from the central paramilitary forces -- maximum deployment ever in any state, nearly 1.75 lakh men from Uttar Pradesh Police (UPP), choppers for aerial surveillance and night vision devices for regions prone to poll related violence.As per the ECI assessment, the forthcoming assembly election will have at least 5000 more polling stations as compared to the 2007 assembly election. The difference in the count is because 2007 election was held on the basis of Census 2001 while that of 2012 is based on Census 2011.To transport the central paramilitary forces, 10 special trains are being run while additional coaches are being attached in some other trains. About 2,200 buses are being roped in for movement of forces and polling parties. On the directions of the EC, vulnerability mapping of violence prone regions is already underway using GPS technology. This has been done to ensure quick back-up of forces in case of emergency. \"Since the paramilitary forces will not be familiar with the local terrain and in case of need, they will not have to depend on a guide for directions,\" an officer associated with the preparations said.ADG law &amp; order Subesh Kumar Singh said the state forces will comprise all the units of the state police and its auxiliary units like the civil and armed police, the Provincial Armed Constabulary, home guards along with village chowkidars and anti-riot police. Special agencies like the Anti Terrorist Squad (ATS) and Special Task Force (STF) will be deputed for electronic surveillance in the top ten districts that have hyper-sensitive polling stations.Senior officers said roof-top security comprising paramilitary forces commandos with light and heavy machine guns will be deployed, particularly in Naxal-dominated regions. Polling stations in remote areas will have sand bag bunkers at vantage points around the premises to detect unusual movement from a manageable distance.The state-of-the-art technology for live surveillance will also be installed at almost all the polling stations for round-the-clock coverage of the polling process. Night vision devices, binoculars and satellite phones (need based) will also be provided to the paramilitary forces, particularly in regions located in remote areas. The entire polling process will be videographed.Uttar Pradesh Police (UPP) is in negotiations with private airlines to hire choppers for security purposes during election. The flying machines will be mostly used in Naxal strongholds on UP-MP border where ground movement of troops is neither easy nor safe because of the unexplored terrain and landmine attacks by Naxals. Apart from aerial surveys and vigil, the choppers will also be used to move security personnel to far flung areas in case of emergency. UPP has already identified around 20 districts in the state as sensitive and among them the hyper-sensitive ones have been identified under four categories -- communal, caste, crime and candidate.The Sashastra Seema Bal and administrative officers of the districts dotting the UP-Nepal border held a high level meeting with their counterparts from Nepal in Lakhimpur on to decide upon security blueprint for the pre-polling, polling and post-polling deployment of forces. Sources said a proposal has been mooted by the state authorities to seal the UP-Nepal borders a night before polling is slated to be held in Bahraich and Shravasti.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11804703", "title": "Rajinikanth chooses Deepika over Katrina", "text": "Rajinikanth reportedly keen to do his next with the Bangalore beautyDeepika Padukone and Katrina Kaif are star-crossed in reel and real life. From being ex to current in Ranbir Kapoor's life to their movies, they both found themselves at the wrong place at the wrong time. Or at the right place at the right time, depending from where you are viewing it.Kat was apparently aggressively campaigning to bag Soundarya Rajinikanth's Kochadaiyaan. However, Deepika has bagged the coveted role opposite the legend-Rajinikanth. One knows that Deepika was already on set romancing Rajini for his Rana when the Tamil superstar took ill in April 2011. Since Rana has been put on the backburner, Soundarya decided to go ahead with Kochadaiyaan. And very soon, all the big Bollywood beauties were sending out feelers.Soundarya's team was in talks with Kat. However, we learnt from our sources that despite best efforts Kat couldn't match the dates. On Monday night, we learnt that Deepika has ousted Kat to bag the lead in this much-talked-about project. It is being said that Rajinikanth was very keen to do his next, be it Kochadaiyaan or Rana, with Deepika only.Confirming the news to Chennai Times, Deepika says, \"I am delighted to work with Rajini sir again. He is perhaps the biggest star that our country has seen and to play his heroine is truly an honour. For me, the most heartening fact is that his health is now better. I am so looking forward to shoot with him.\"Looks like Dippy is all set for a double whammy with the Superstar!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11801446", "title": "Ex-TV host in Maldives hot seat", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mohammed Waheed Hassan, vice-president of Maldives, was sworn in as president of the Indian Ocean archipelago on Tuesday afternoon after Mohammed Nasheed was compelled to resign following widespread protests against him.Among his first actions was to post a message for his people on Tuesday . He wrote, \"I support the peaceful efforts of a large number of Maldivians trying to protect the Maldives constitution and religion. At this time I call upon all the institutions especially law enforcement agencies (the military) to uphold the constitution and the laws of the country.\"Refrain from obeying unconstitutional and illegal instructions . During this difficult time no chance should be given to anyone trying to hurt the people of our country or damage their property, especially no room should be afforded to those who would damage news agencies and media. I am saddened that VTV and other places in Male' have been attacked.\"Known as \"Dr Waheed\" in Maldives, he is the first Maldivian to earn a doctorate from Stanford University in California . In 1992, Waheed started working for Unicef. He was made the head of education in Tanzania, and later Bangladesh . Subsequently, he was transferred to New York, where he became a senior adviser coordinating global policy for Unicef. After 2001, he also helped out with reconstructing the education sector in Afghanistan.Waheed was also Maldives' first TV anchor in the country's history. His official biography says he was the first person to be shown live on TV when it went on air in 1978. In 1989, he ran against Maumoon Abdul Gayoom's brother-in-law . Later, he teamed up with Mohammed Nasheed. In his blogs, he made his discomfort clear regarding the imprisonment of the Judge Mohamed Abdulla that triggered the present crisis.Waheed visited India recently on the invitation of vice-president Hamid Ansari. Reports said Hassan's office denied widespread reports that the military pressured Nasheed to resign in the wake of the clashes.\"It was not a coup at all, it was the wish of the people,\" Ahmed Thoufeeg, Mohammed Hassan's secretary, was quoted as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11804022", "title": "LinkedIn launches hiring solutions for Indian market", "text": "NEW DELHI: Professional networking site LinkedIn unveiled localised hiring solutions for the Indian market, a move aimed at helping recruiters tap the vast talent pool in the country.LinkedIn, which has more than 135 million members worldwide, has over 13 million users in India.\"Specifically for India, LinkedIn India is rolling out localised versions with India pricing for offerings like LinkedIn Recruiter, which will allow Indian recruiters to search and target profiles in India,\" LinkedIn said in a statement.Various other offerings including 'Jobs Network' and 'Talent Direct have differentiated pricing in India. \"The growth currently being experienced by the Indian economy needs to be complimented with the right talent.LinkedIn India's Head of Hiring Solutions Irfan Abdulla said its member-base consisting of educated and engaged professionals are much sought after by recruiters.The localised pricing is also an acknowledgment of the growing demand for customised solutions in the Indian market, he noted. According to the statement, LinkedIn Hiring Solutions are used by many companies in India including ING Vysya, Genpact, Biocon, Wal-Mart , HCL Technologies , L&T; Infotech.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11800204", "title": "Consultants invited for parking at Metro stations", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur Metro Rail Corporation (JMRC) has appointed consultants for the construction of parking space at at six Metro stations.On the 9.2 kilometre phase -1 (Mansarovar to Chandole), there are nearly nine stations. However, due to scarcity of land, the corporation is planning to construct parking only on six stations.Managing director, JMRC, Kuldeep Ranka, said: \"The consultancy will present a report within one month. The JMRC will start land acquisition process once the report is presented.\"Out of the six, the JMRC will develop mechanical parking at three stations and manual parking at the other three stations. At Civil Lines, Chandpole and Vivek Vihar stations, mechanical parking is being proposed, while at Mansarovar, Atish Market and Ram Nagar, surface parking is proposed as there is enough space.The two appointed consultants will be designing the parking spaces categorized under four slots---for 250, 500, 750 and 1,000 light motor vehicles. The decision to develop parking lots near the Metro sites on public private partnership (PPP) was taken at a meeting recently. \"The PPP mode is a better option as the JMRC does not have enough capital to develop the parking lots single-handedly. Also the work will be done faster.\"The corporation is also looking at the possibility to invite residents to develop their housing units into parking lots near the Metro track.\" As per the new concept, residents whose houses are situated near the Metro sites will be allowed to develop parking space in their house. The state will be the first to take such initiative. However, the practice is common in foreign countries,\" a JDA official said. To allure residential owners, the JDA is also planning to provide relaxation in land change use and floor area ratio (FAR).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11801042", "title": "Ex-MLA frees four inmates on birthday", "text": "MYSORE: Birthday celebrations of former Congress MLA M K Somashekar turned out to be an unforgettable day for four inmates of the Mysore Central Jail on Tuesday morning.Somashekar celebrated his birthday in a unique way by paying the fine for the release of the four prisoners from jail. Rangappa, 35, Srinivasa, 40, Swamy, 22, and Sameeullah, 34, were freed after the former Congress MLA paid Rs 21,400 for their release, said T N Jayasimha, jail chief superintendent.All the four inmates had been forced to stay in jail even after the completion of their imprisonment term, since they had failed to pay the fine, he said.Srinivasa, Swamy, and Sameeullaha are residents of Mysore and Rangappa is a resident of Hassan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11801015", "title": "Haryana to spend Rs 3,803 crore to strengthen power infrastructure", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana government will be investing Rs 3,803 crore to strengthen the power transmission network in the state in the next three years, chief minister Bhupiner Singh Hooda said on Tuesday.Hooda said this while inaugurating a 132kV sub-station at Dabri in Karnal district. He said two new units of 500MW each at Indira Gandhi Thermal Power Station, Jharli, and two units of 660MW each at Mahatma Gandhi Super Thermal Power Station, Jhajjar, would start power generation this year. As a result, the state would have about 2,200MW additional power daily to cater to the needs of consumers in cities like Gurgaon. Creation of a strong transmission and distribution system is the need of the hour to supply power from the upcoming projects.The state will set up five sub-stations of 400kV, 24 sub-stations of 220kV, 22 sub-stations of 132kV, 23 sub-stations of 66kV and 104 new sub-stations of 33kV level to meet the growing requirement of load. The capacity of 102 existing sub-stations would also be augmented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11799122", "title": "IIFT launches online programmes", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Indian Institute of Foreign Trade (IIFT), New Delhi launches two online certificate programmes on Tuesday.The B-school which offers specialised management programmes on international business launches certificate programme in Export Management and certificate programme on Capital and Financial Markets. The courses are of four months duration and classes will be conducted on week-ends. The programmes will be available online with live class. Room sessions which can be accessed from home/ office in any city.IIFT has been set up by the Ministry of Commerce and Industry in 1963. The certificate programme in Export Management will insight into the main aspects that will have to be dealt with by an exporter or an importer. From understanding trade policy to export and import documentation, trade logistics and operations including supply chain management and export/ import financing. The programme will prepare participants for systematically approaching export/import transactions.The certificate programme on Capital and Financial Markets aims at developing professionals with adequate skill and knowledge in the securities markets, and provide an understanding of the current structure, pricing, risk, competition and financial innovations in money and capital markets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11802496", "title": "BSP has a poor track record on reserved seats", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Bahujan Samaj Party is a dalit-based party but its track record in reserved constituencies has been poor in comparison to other parties in all previous elections barring the 2007 assembly poll.Sample this: In 1993, out of total 88 assembly seats reserved for dalits, BJP grabbed 33, BSP and SP 23 each, Congress and others four each In 1996 again, BJP was top runner with 35 seats followed by BSP (20), SP (18), Congress (2), and others (12). The scene changed in 2002, with SP grabbing 36 seats, followed by BSP (24), BJP (17), Con gress (2) and others (10) However, in 2007, the sit uation changed dramati cally with BSP winning 61 out of total 89 reserved constituencies, SP 13, BJP 7, Congress 5, RLD 1 Rashtriya Swabhiman Party (RPS) 1 and an in dependent.Results of 17 reserved constituencies in Lok Sabha were also more or less the same. In 1999, BSP won 5 seats in compari son to 7 by BJP, Lok tantrik Congress Party 1 and SP 5. In 2004, the SP won 8 seats, followed by BSP (5), BJP (2), Congress and RLD (1 each). In 2009 SP bagged 10 seats in cluding five won by BSP in 2004. The BSP, BJP and Congress won 2 each while RLD won one seat.Clearly, the election results show that the BSP has generally not been able to score in dalit-dominated constituencies. Statistics also show that BSP was runner up in most reserved constituencies won by its rivals.Political analysts say the reason for BSP's not-so-good performance in reserved seats is that in these, all parties have to field dalit candidates, leading to a split of dalit votes.Hence, those able to attract votes from other castes and communities win. Vijay Singh , an analyst, said, \"It's true BSP gets majority of dalit votes, but when all candidates are dalits, there is a split on sub caste and region basis.\"However, he added in 2007 assembly election BSP got crucial Brahmin votes, which helped it sweep reserved seats.Dalits are around 21% of UP's population. The state has 66 scheduled castes (dalits). Jatavs are 56.3% of dalit population followed by Pasis (15.9%) while Dhobi, Kori and Balmiki together form 15.3%.Analysts say that though BSP is a dalit based party, only Jatav sub-caste is a staunch BSP supporter since Mayawati is also a Jatav. The other sub-castes also support the BSP, but change their stand depending on can didates fielded by other parties in reserved seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11799667", "title": "Woman dragged by moving train, dies", "text": "NEW DELHI: The rush to secure a seat in a moving train cost a 29-year-old woman her life after she slipped and fell into the gap between the platform and the train. The woman was crushed after being dragged for 10-15 metres. By the time authorities at the Subzi Mandi railway station extricated her body from the six-inch space and took her to a hospital, it was too late. The incident was almost a re-run of the accident at Hazrat Nizamuddin station when a man died after trying to board the Indore Intercity.However, railway officials - learning from their previous mistake - tried to act on their feet by hammering d at the platform, using gas cutters and calling in an ambulance for the fastest recovery.While railway officials, RPF jawans, Delhi GRP personnel and fire brigade officials tried all remedies - from detaching train steps to bringing in a railway doctor - they couldn't save the woman. \"Her upper body was totally crushed. Within no time, she lost consciousness,\" said an officer. The deceased has been identified as Seema Sharma, a resident of Kishangarh near the Subzi Mandi station. \"Seema, an Angadwari worker, was on her way to Khera Kalan and was scheduled to board the 8.35am Kurukshetra passenger train that had a two-minute halt at platform 1,\" said additional DCP (railways), B S Gurjar.Sharma fell off the platform around 8.35am and remained there till 9.05am even as the DRM (Delhi division) Ashwini Lohani arrived at the station to oversee rescue work. Sunder, who owns a tea stall, said the woman was on her way to board the train. \"As she put her foot on the footboard she lost her balance. Her body got stuck between the platform and the train and she was dragged for some distance before we could bring the train to a stop,\" said Sunder.Meanwhile, Northern railways said the incident was \"saddening\". It's the second time that such an incident has been reported in the past few months. \"Extra facilities had been put in place after the first incident. We expect passengers to follow safety measures to ensure such incidents do not occur,\" said an officer, adding that \"India lacks discipline\", leading to such accidents, including those at level crossings.Seema's husband Vikas said, \"I had come to drop her at the station. It was only after I heard people raising an alarm that I rushed to the platform. However, it was too late by then and she was already dragged to some distance with train,'' said Vikas.Dinesh, a vendor at the platform, said, \"The woman slipped off from the platform because she was in a hurry. She was wearing a saree and was trying to board a moving train, this is the reason that she slipped off. She was stuck in the gap for about 30 minutes, but the help arrived on time.\"However, the railways - learning from its previous mistake - tried to act faster as railway men hammered at the platform, used gas cutters and called in an ambulance for the fastest possible recovery.Police said that the deceased was married for the past years and besides her husband she is survived by a son and a daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11800548", "title": "Lucky mascot: BJP to ride Modi rath for votes", "text": "NEW DELHI: At a small junkyard in Kirti Nagar, BJP workers are toiling to give finishing touches to the party's 'lucky' rath - which already rode the Modi wave in Gujarat and the tricolour campaign in Jammu. The rath is now being readied for the 15-day-long Jan Sangharsh Yatra in Delhi starting from February 11. While BJP claims the yatra is aimed at exposing the Congress government - both at Centre and state - party sources say this will kickstart the election campaign for the municipal polls.\"This rath (mini van) is very lucky for the party. It was used by Narender Modi during the Assembly elections in Gujarat and by BJP Yuva Morcha president, Anurag Thakur, during the tiranga yatra in Jammu and Kashmir. And both yatras were a success. We are going to use this for a special yatra to highlight the Sheila Dikshit government's inefficiency and corrupt practices,'' said Vijender Gupta, president, Delhi BJP. The yatra will start from Burari and end at Chandni Chowk.With majority of senior party leaders busy with UP elections, the state BJP is planning to get the yatra flagged off by party president Nitin Gadkari. Sources say party patriarch LK Advani will be present on the last day of the yatra. \"The recent unauthorized colony issue is a big scam. Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit is playing with the sentiments of the people.Moreover, scams such as the 2G scam, CWG scam, and the sharp increase in electricity tariff, are issues that directly affect people. We are going to raise these important issues during the yatra,'' said Gupta. To ensure its success, the party has asked area councillors, its different wings such as youth, women and SC to gather people. The party expects a gathering of at least 300-500 people in each municipal ward. The youth wing has been asked to get workers on motorcycles. \"Close to 200 people will move with the rath. We are planning to have at least 200-odd people on motorcycles to move with the rath,'' said Anuj Sharma, national vice-president, BJP Yuva Morcha.The hi-tech mini van has a sofa-cum-bed, TV, computer, public address system and four cameras which can show the outside view from four directions. The top of the bus is converted into a platform. \"Close to 10 people can stand on the platform. It is a manual lift and can pitchfork 5-6 people at a time,\" said Sharma.With only three days left for the yatra to begin, BJP office is yet to take permission from the Delhi Traffic Police. \"We haven't received any application seeking permission for the yatra. We don't even know when it is going to start,\" said a Delhi Traffic Police officer.BJP leaders in Delhi are hoping that the 'lucky rath' proves to be fortunate for the party in the upcoming municipal polls. \"This is going to mark the beginning of campaigning for municipal polls. All the recent corruption issues both at state level and national level are going to play a major role in deciding the fate of BJP and Congress in the municipal elections,'' said a BJP councillor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11802257", "title": "Instead of saving trees, NMC goes about killing them", "text": "NAGPUR: Instead of releasing the roadside trees choking in tar, tiles or cement, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is chopping them off one by one. A 40-year-old neem tree trapped in cement on Ram Nagar - Shankar Nagar road was chopped off on Tuesday afternoon.The workers on the site said NMC had ordered them to fell the tree as it was dead and cite the reason of danger to life and property from it. \"It's a baseless reason. A dead tree doesn't ever fall,\" said Shrikant Deshpande, who has been fighting for the cause of the green cover in Nagpur.He further said that such action by NMC is to do away with the evidence against it in the matter of choking trees due to tarring and cementing around them. \"NMC is yet to act on the one and a half year old affidavit in which they promised to clear the tarring around roadside trees. They haven't done anything to save them, and now as the trees are dying, they are chopping them off,\" he said.Kaustav Chatterjee of Green Vigil who was present at the site said that the tree was completely choked due to cementing around which caused it to decay. \"When the main trunk was cut, we saw a lot of insects coming out of the trunk and a number of holes in it. The tree died a slow and painful death,\" he said.Choked trees a deprived of water and nutrients. The roots are deprived of aeration and growth is stunted. As the roots don't grow normally, the tree doesn't get sufficient nutrients and starts to die. NB Shrikhande, superintendent garden department, first expressed his ignorance about the incident and then was unavailable for comment. \"The greenery of the city is greatly endangered due to killing of the trees due to choking. Earlier, trees were felled for Integrated Roads Development Programme (IRDP) and now this,\" said Deshpande.A few days back TOI had highlighted how the NMC, not learning from its mistake, was still trapping trees in tar or tiles during road repairs. Deshpande said that NMC had no will to rectify this. \"The process of death of a tree is a long one and NMC has enough time for saving the trees. Now, marking them as dead, they will just cut them down and all this timber will go to the traders,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11800463", "title": "Girl sustains burns after puncturing electricity cable", "text": "PUNE: A six-year-old girl, Anjali Santosh Vairage of Bhavani Peth, sustained severe burn injuries on Tuesday after she allegedly punctured an 11 KV underground electricity cable.Her uncle, Ravi, who was with her, also sustained minor injuries.An eyewitness told TOI that Anjali was playing near the exposed underground electricity cable. A portion of the cable was not properly covered. \"The girl was attempting to drive a nail in the cable. All of a sudden, a small blast took place and the girl sustained burns on her face, hands and legs,\" he said.Local residents immediately rushed Anjali to a nearby private hospital and then to Sassoon General Hospital. \"The girl sustained around 25% burns,\" said a police officer from the Khadak police station.The Khadak police, the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd's (MSEDCL) executive engineer Bhanudas Bhosale and deputy executive engineer R S Londhe rushed to the spot after hearing about the incident.An official from MSEDCL told TOI that there was a box feeder pillar near Vinay High school in Bhavani Peth area. \"The 11 KV underground cable is connected to this pillar. A portion of the cable is not covered. The incident took place as the girl punctured the cable with a nail,\" the officer said.\"We have informed the state electrical inspector and other officials,\" he said. The electrical inspector office located at Swargate will conduct an inquiry into the incident and submit a report which will identify the cause of the incident and fix responsibility. Any further action from the distribution company will be based on the findings of the report.Anjali is a standard I student in a Pune Municipal Corporation's school in Bhavani Peth. She has a brother and a sister. Her mother works as a housemaid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11801786", "title": "UP polls: Vote &amp; fetch extra marks for your kid", "text": "LUCKNOW: Your vote would not only change the fate of Uttar Pradesh, but it could also fetch extra marks for your child. In a unique first, many schools in the city have decided to award extra marks to students whose parents will cast vote in the assembly election.The idea has been mooted to encourage the urban electorate to exercise their franchise. Principal, Christ Church College, Rakesh Chattree said: \"Parents fulfill most of the demands of their child. And when it comes to incentives in schools, they will definitely come out and vote. Our only aim in giving extra marks is to increase the voter turnout.\"The college has also kept a parent-teacher meeting on the evening of the polling day. \"Parents will show us the ink mark and we will record their child's name,\" said Chattree. The college will award 10 marks to students in the total and not like SUPW whose parents cast the vote.\"The marks will help a student in getting a better rank or score in a particular subject,\" said the Christ Church College principal.Aminabad Inter College will award two extra marks to the students in the final examinations whose parents take part in the voting exercise. \"Many educated persons do not vote. We hope that this idea might encourage them. We need to increase the voter turnout which has been quite low in the state,\" said college principal JP Mishra.In 2007 asembly election, the poll percentage was 45.96% in Uttar Pradesh.The incentive would not be limited to exams alone, it would also find a mention in the character certificate of a student. Mishra suggested that a column for marking whether or not the child successfully convinced his/her parents to vote and hence displayed a sense of civic consciousness will be added in the report card. In case of a student is of 18 years then the relevant entry will be a mark on his/her own performance on the election day.Colvin Taluqdars' College is also part of this scheme. College principal Rakeshwar Singh said, \"Parents after casting the vote will meet their children's class teacher to get the benefit. Their will be liberal marking done for the students whose parents will vote. \"Terming it as a social responsibility, principal of St Teresa School, Geetika Kapoor said: ``The school is encouraging students to be socially active. They have to motivate their parents to cast vote. This will be a part of the SUPW period.\" However, the school will give no extra marks since SUPW has a grading system.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11801019", "title": "Crime branch set to crack whip on vehicle thefts", "text": "GURGAON: The crime branch of the Gurgaon police is taking action to check the rising number of incidents of vehicle theft in the city. The department has got an additional 10 PCRs and 125 policemen to help check suspicious vehicles.Earlier, the CIA's anti-carjacking, anti-robbery units were reviewed and clubbed with the crime branch. Most cops of the two branches were transferred to the traffic police wing. \"We specially need to check vehicles going out of the city. The crime branch has got an additional 10 PCRs and 125 policemen for barricading and checking vehicles. The team will work under the leadership of Tahir Hussain, ACP (Crime),\" said Maheshwar Dyal, DCP (Crime).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11801788", "title": "Election Commission flip flops over poll observer\u2019s transfer", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a flip-flop, the Election Commission first shifted a poll observer from Amethi who had objected to a motorcade led by Priyanka Gandhi's husband Robert Vadra, then put it on hold before finally scrapping the decision.The EC had moved Pawan Sain, an IAS officer from Goa, to his home state as district collector of South Goa after he had stopped the motorcade on the grounds that the number of vehicles exceeded the regulations.Chief Election Commissioner S Y Quraishi said Sain's transfer had not been linked to the Vadra incident and his shift to Goa, which is also poll-bound, was routine. Vadra was stopped by the authorities while heading towards Salon with more than the permitted number of 10 bikes.Quraishi said \"today's incident is unrelated to the observer's transfer. It has nothing to do with it.\" Election Commissioner H S Brahma said Sain has been retained as he \"was doing a good job in Amethi.\"The poll panel said there were demands from several quarters made during the Commission's visit to Goa last week that the current officer in South Goa be replaced by an IAS officer. \"Sain, an IAS officer of the Goa state cadre, was found most suitable for the post and his appointment was accordingly ordered by the Commission well before the incident in CSM Nagar took place,\" the Commission earlier said.\"This decision has been baselessly linked to certain enforcement action taken by the particular officer in his capacity as an election observer in an incident involving Robert Vadra. The officer acted in accordance with the law and fully in conformity with the instructions of ECI,\" the poll body said.But with the Opposition crying foul and claiming that Sain had been penalized for checking Vadra, the EC also seems to have decided to rescind the decision to shift the officer to Goa.BJP on Tuesday asked EC to clarify its stand on the transfer of the officer with spokesperson Shahnawaz Hussain, saying laws cannot be changed for some people. He maintained the incident sent across a \"negative message\" about the EC despite clarifications that have also come from the Commission.\"Law is the same for everybody. Those who talk about aam admi (common man), cannot change the law for members of a Khas (special) family. Such treatment to a senior officer for stopping Vadra's motorcycle is not good,\" Hussain said.While BJP and CPM attacked Congress and the Gandhi family for the initial decision to shift Sain, Congress played it safe saying the EC has already clarified on the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11802176", "title": "Youth stabbed to death in Sanyogitaganj", "text": "INDORE: A 23-year-old youth was repeatedly stabbed to death in Sanyogitaganj area, here on Tuesday. Wasim Sheikh, son of Khalid Sheikh , was found lying in a pool of blood in Modi Mathha at around 12.30 pm. He was stabbed eight times at different parts of his body, said the police quoting his brother. He was the resident of Azad Nagar.According to police, his family members got a call from an unknown person informing that Wasim was lying on the roadside. When family members reached the spot, they found Wasim lying in a pool of blood. He was immediately rushed to the MY Hospital where he was declared brought dead. Police sent the body for the post-mortem. A case has been registered against the accused under section 302 of the IPC.Meanwhile, Sanyogitaganj police claimed to have arrested two persons who allegedly killed Wasim. Inspector Shailendra Srivastava said that police arrested Sajid and Sadique from Teen Imli area in the evening. Police also claim to have seized the weapons used for the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11800907", "title": "Rain to bring temperature down this weekend", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Weather experts say western disturbances are likely to again hit the Tricity around February 11 and 12 and bring the minimum temperature down. Currently, the minimum temperature is hovering around 6-8 degrees celsius and weathermen expect it to fall to around 3-4 degrees celsius this weekend.On Tuesday, the maximum temperature was at 19.2 degrees celsius, while the minimum remained at 6.4 degrees. Chandigarh meteorological department director Surender Paul says, \"Sun will not shine brightly this weekend, as it is likely to receive light to medium intermittent rainfall.\"\"For the last few days, temperatures have not been showing much variation as the days were bright sunny and nights cold and foggy. But, from Thursday onwards, Chandigarh, Mohali, Panchkula and surrounding areas will witness partly cloudy to generally cloudy sky,\" he adds. Weather experts believe that the forthcoming spell of western disturbances was one of the last harbingers of the cold wave and following the round, winter season would start to abate from the region.From Friday evening, Tricity will receive light rain and it will intensify on Saturday and Sunday, he says.\"Following rains, Chandigarh, Mohali and Panchkula as well as surrounding areas can expect better weather conditions and there are indications that the last week of the current month would witness a rapid decline in cold weather conditions from the region,\" Paul adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11801654", "title": "Osama \u2018aide\u2019 set to get bail in Europe", "text": "Aradical Muslim cleric described as \"Osama bin Laden's righthand man in Europe\" is to be released on bail in a matter of days despite accusations that he poses a grave threat to national security.Abu Qatada, who has been imprisoned without charge for six-and-a-half years, will be subject to strict bail conditions that will confine him to his home for 22 hours a day as he fights deportation to his home country , Jordan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11801924", "title": "NHs in state to be made four-lane roads", "text": "PATNA: Union secretary in the ministry of road transport and highways A K Upadhyaya said on Tuesday that inauguration of the newly constructed bridge, Mahasetu, across Kosi river, in Supaul district linking the two halves of Mithila region would be historic for the nation, including the Mithila region, as this would constrict substantially the distance of the East-West Corridor.\"Distance of the two halves of the Mithila regions would be squeezed lessening considerably the time to cover road distance between them,\" he said, adding Union minister, road transport and highways, P C Joshi is arriving to inaugurate the Mahasetu on Wednesday. This would set a new paradigm in the annals of national highways (NHs) serving the purpose by shortening the distance to North-East states from rest of the country.During an interaction with the members of the Bihar Industries Association (BIA), Upadhyaya said that most of the NHs in the state would be four-lane ones while others will be six-lane under the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) programme.He said that the work for four-laning the NH over the Koilwar bridge across Sone river is being done. He said that there already existed two-lane NH stretch over Koilwar bridge and another two lanes is to be constructed to widen it for smooth flow of traffic. He said that the Mokama-Hathidih road bridge would also be a four-lane one under NH scheme.Upadhyaya said that in Bihar the coverage of NHs is 38 square km out of 100 square km area as against national average of 22 square km per 100 square km. BIA's plea was that the coverage of NHs should be done on the basis of population density which is less in Bihar, only 4.4 km NH per lakh population as against national figure of 6.9 km NH per lakh population.BIA president K P S Keshri said that the NHs are the lifeline of the economy to benefit the people and so the NH construction in Bihar should be done on the basis of population density. Keshri sought six-laning of Gandhi Setu across the Ganga near Patna by creating iron super structure and laying concrete structure as its foundation and columns are solid.Upadhyaya said that Patna-Bakhtiarpur-Khagaria stretch of NH would also be a four-lane one with adding of two lanes to the existing two lanes.To a TOI query regarding demand of road construction minister Nandkishore Yadav to denotify the NH 101 and 103 which are in bad shape and could not be maintained by the NHAI, Upadhyaya said that in the current financial year only Rs 1,000 crore was available for maintenance of NHs, but in the next fiscal hopefully the maintenance amount would be increased to Rs 2,000 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11801994", "title": "30 UP criminals set to contest polls from jail", "text": "LUCKNOW: At least 30 hardcore criminals and mafia dons are contesting this year's assembly elections from jails, which is high even by Uttar Pradesh's standards. What's different, however, is that this time merely two people with criminal records are contesting as mainstream party candidates; the rest are nominees of fringe outfits.Top among the dons are Prem Prakash Singh aka Munna Bajrangi from Madiyahon (Jaunpur) on an Apna Dal ticket; he is in Tihar Jail. Then there is gangster Brijesh Singh of Pragatisheel Samaj Party from Saiyedraza (Chandauli). He is in Ahmedabad jail. Brijesh is accused in more than 40 criminal cases, including the murder of 13 people in Azamgarh in 1994.Then there are Atiq Ahmed, Jitendra Singh Babloo and Purshottam Naresh Dwivedi. Contesting from Allahabad West on Apna Dal ticket, Atiq filed his nomination from Basti jail. Babloo is in Faizabad jail and will fight from Bikapur.He is the prime accused in the arson attack on the house of UPCC president Rita Bahuguna Joshi two years ago. He was a BSP MLA then. Purushottam Naresh Dwivedi in Banda jail was BSP MLA from Naraini in Banda and was sacked after he was accused of rape.Madhumita murder case convict Amar Mani Tripathi got a ticket for son Aman Mani Tripathi from Nautanwa and uncle Shyam Narayan Tiwari from Farenda. Both are SP candidates. Anup Gupta, son of Om Prakash Gupta, a history-sheeter and in jail for the foodgrain scam, has got a ticket from Maholi in Sitapur.Then there are the lesser known like Ramesh Upadhaya, accused in Malegaon blast case and representing Hindu Mahasabha from Baririya in Jaunpur. An alleged aide of Sadhvi Pragya Singh Thakur, Ramesh is in Arthur Road Jail.TIMES VIEWPolitical parties have for years made the right noises about eliminating criminals from politics. But they have done precious little beyond mouthing these platitudes. What is, therefore, needed is a change in the laws. Currently, only those convicted for two years or more are barred from contesting elections.We propose that once charges have been framed by courts against a person for serious offences, he should be barred from polls. While cases may be filed by one party against political rivals, insisting on charges being framed by a court should ensure that innocent politicians are not denied their right to contest.As a further measure of caution against misuse of the law, cases filed within six months of an election can be excluded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11799701", "title": "From 2006, 3,800 missing children yet to be traced in Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Vishwa Patel, 11, a resident of Vejalpur, went to a wedding ceremony at the common plot of Meera Mangal Flat, her building society, on the afternoon of January 27. Since then, she has been missing. Her parents have approached various agencies to find her but she is untraceable till date.While city police have made ten teams to look into different aspects of the case, the state human rights commission took suo motu action on January 31 and asked the city police commissioner to file a report about progress in the case in 15 days.However, all missing children are not this lucky. According to state police records, in the last six years, police agencies have not been able to track down more than 3,800 missing children. State CID (Crime), the nodal agency in the state for missing children, has begun an initiative to find out more about these cases and their current status.A K Jadeja, deputy inspector general of police, CID (Crime), told TOI that the agency had conducted a pilot project in September last year to find missing persons. During that drive, we asked police of various districts and commissionerates for the current status of the cases. In a few days' time, we found that 245 of the missing persons including children had returned. Encouraged by the results, we conducted a month-long drive from January 1 where we asked various agencies to furnish details of pending cases of all missing persons including women and children. In the drive so far, we found out that 463 of these persons have been found. We expect to close around 150 more cases in a few days' time,\" he said.Jadeja said the central home department reviews the national condition every two months. National concern has increased after the Nithari incident where a number of missing children were found dead. As nodal agency, we have taken an initiative for the state so that we know the real picture. In many of the cases, either police agency or parents of the missing children don't report finding of the child. Thus, many cases where the children return or have been found, have been rectified now. The search for other children has been initiated,\" he said. He added that Gujarat is among the first states to have started such a drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11801962", "title": "78 yrs on, mega-bridge opens today", "text": "PATNA: The year 1934 is remembered in Bihar for the devastating earthquake that not only took a heavy toll of lives but also snapped the major communication link between Mithilanchal and Seemanchal even as the people of the two regions share ethical and cultural unity. With the rail bridge on the Kosi caving in, these people depended either on boats or circuitous road route to reach the other region. The 8-decade-old damage that also impeded development is set to be undone on Wednesday.Union road transport minister C P Joshi will inaugurate a 1.8km-long and 20.76m-wide Kosi Mahasetu, connecting Bhaptiahi and Saraigarh in Supaul district. Built at an outlay of over Rs400 crore by the Gammon India, the four-lane road bridge, with 8.75km approach road, will help promote trade and commerce as it will cut distances between Supaul, Saharsa, Purnia and Madhepura districts on the one hand and Darbhanga and Madhubani districts on the other.The stone of the mega-bridge was laid by the then PM, Atal Bihari Vajpayee , in June 2003. The construction work generated local employment to the tune of one lakh man-months.While a rail bridge is also coming up nearby, villagers are happy over the completion of the Mahasetu, already in use by pedestrians. \"Pul banane ke baad humlog ko aane jaane mein suvidha hua, hospital jane mein suvidha hua (... our movement became easier, especially when someone needs to be hospitalized),\" said a villager.In a memorandum to Union minister Joshi, meanwhile, Akhil Bharatiya Mithila Navnirman Forum has demanded that the bridge be named after former Union railway minister, late Lalit Narayan Mishra, who belonged to the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11801761", "title": "Ashu's birthday is all fun and no cake", "text": "LUDHIANA: Ashu Chopra brought in his birthday by hosting a party for close to 40 friends and banning the entry of parents to the bash. Ashu, a resident of Model Town, near Lal Kothi, turned 17 on Tuesday.Ashu said he organized the party in a restaurant in Feroze Gandhi Market. \"No cake was cut and we just danced away to the DJ's music and had a blast,\" said an ecstatic birthday boy.His friend, 17-year-old Jaskaran Wadhwa, a resident of Model Town and Guneet Oberoi of Dugri Phase I said they had loved the party. \"What we really enjoyed was that there was no boring ceremony like cutting the cake. We jived and boogied during the bash,\" they said.For the birthday boy's parents R L Chopra and Kiranjeet Kaur, the occasion was truly special and they made sure to visit the gurdwara along with Ashu in the morning.\"Thereafter, we left him free to enjoy his special day in his own style with friends,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11801440", "title": "RTI activists livid with Kiran Reddy's replies", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy told a group of RTI activists who met him on Tuesday that he wouldn't reconsider the appointment of information commissioners. An 11-member team, comprising civil society activists and retired civil servants, were told in no uncertain terms by the CM that there would be no changes.What left the activists flummoxed was his reply. The CM, when questioned about the appointment of politicians as information commissioners, apparently he said that none of them would venture into politics in the future.\"This is nothing but trivialising the RTI Act,\" rued K Padmanabhaiah, former Union home secretary noting how the Act was originally framed to keep the commission off the political influence. He added, \"The CM said that he had sought legal opinion on the candidates and been told that there was nothing illegal. His explanation is not satisfactory.\"Ramakrishna Raju, another civil society activist who was part of the delegation, said the CM interpreted the RTI Act in a way that suited him. \"He conveyed to us that he had done social justice by appointing candidates from lower sections. Are these posts created to be filled for social justice,\" Raju asked.Similar questions were raised by V B J Chelikani Rao, a social activist who too was part of the team. Unhappy with the CM's reaction to the team's concerns, Rao said, \"He even tried hard to assure us that the commissioners would fare well in their duties, once appointed.\"Livid with the CM for not entertaining their request for reconsidering candidates, the team has now sought an appointment with the leader of opposition N Chandrababu Naidu and governor ESL Narasimhan to put forth their case. The members said that they were also considering legal action on the matter.When questioned about the appointment of politicians as information commissioners, the CM reportedly said that none of them would venture into politics in the future", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11804094", "title": "2G scam: ED registers money laundering case against Marans", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Enforcement Directorate has registered a money laundering case against former Union minister Dayanidhi Maran and his brother Kalanidhi in connection with the 2G spectrum allocation case.The case, registered on Tuesday under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA), pertains to an alleged illegal gratification of about Rs 550 crore allegedly received by the Maran brothers in the Aircel-Maxis deal.Maran, a former Union telecom minister, had quit from the Cabinet last year after allegations were made that he had favoured Malaysian firm Maxis over Aircel in grant of telecom licences in 2004-05.Maran had denied the allegations. The CBI too is probing Maran and his brother and Sun TV MD Kalanidhi in connection with these allegations.The agency is also investigating the case for alleged contraventions of foreign exchange rules in this deal as it registered an Enforcement Case Information Report (ECIR), an equivalent of the FIR.The agency has also registered another case in the 2G case, pertaining to the NDA regime and has named former telecom secretary Shyamal Ghosh, then deputy director general J R Gupta and few telecom companies for alleged irregularities in the grant of additional 2G spectrum during 2001-03.ED will now record the statements of the individuals named in its ECIR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11799008", "title": "CM gives go-ahead to Swiss firm to audit Mumbai roads", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has instructed the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) to go ahead with the controversial appointment of SGS, s Swiss company, to undertake audit of Mumbai roads.\"SGS firm is known for its integrity. Many Asian countries have even awarded the toll collection job to SGS. Taking all this into consideration, I have asked the BMC to appoint the foreign firm for inspection of the quality of roads in Mumbai,\" Chavan said on Tuesday, during an informal chat with mediapersons at his official residence.The decision is crucial in the context of the upcoming BMC elections and public ire over Mumbai's pothole-ridden roads. Much political mudslinging took place last year with the Shiv Sena being targeted by the Congress, NCP and MNS for the worsening condition of city roads. Following the war of words between the political parties, Chavan had directed the BMC to appoint a third-party auditor for the quality monitoring of the roads.\"The contractor completes the road work and the BMC engineers, without any proper verification, issue the quality certificate. Subsequently, Mumbaikars have to face problems due to potholes. In order to provide better roads to citizens, I have directed the civic administration to conduct a third party audit of the roads,\" Chavan said.However, the BMC's decision to appoint SGS as the quality auditor for Rs 900-crore road work came under the scanner as the corporation awarded the job to the foreign firm without calling for a tender. An NCP corporator had challenged the decision and the petition is pending before the Bombay High Court.Chavan added that he was planning to rope in Larsen and Toubro and other infrastructure companies for the construction of roads in Mumbai. \"I am of the opinion that awarding road contracts to top infrastructure companies will help in having better quality roads. I even discussed the issue with some of these companies. The firms had no problem in constructing roads for a metro like Mumbai, but the only problem was that these companies wanted complete work and not in patches,\" Chavan said.\"If the Congress wins the crucial civic elections in Mumbai, then having quality roads and clean water would be my priority.\" For nearly two decades, the Sena-BJP combine has been ruling the BMC, the country's richest civic corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11800763", "title": "NCP rebels in PCMC plan new front", "text": "PUNE: The ruling Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) in Pimpri Chinchwad is facing a rebellion from its former and sitting corporators who have planned a new front called the Bandakhor Swabhiman Vikas Agadhi. Elections will be held for 64 panels with 128 wards in Pimpri Chinchwad city on February 16.NCP had delayed the announcement of its official candidates in many seats to prevent rebellion. But those who have been denied the nominations will contest the elections as independents or through a common front. NCP corporator Dnyaneshwar Bhalerao,whose wife was denied the nomination from Akurdi, is making efforts to unite the sitting and former corporators of NCP who have been denied nominations to contest the municipal elections.Bhalerao said, \"The candidates were changed at the last moment due to which many deserving sitting and former corporators were denied party nominations. The genuine candidates belonging to OBC have been denied the tickets in 17 to 18 seats of a total 35 seats and the candidates belonging originally to Maratha community but who have recently got kunbi caste certificate have been given nominations for seats reserved for OBC community.\"Among the corporators who will contest as independents include former mayor Vaishali Ghodekar, former corporators Urmila Kalbhor and Kamrunissa Khan and Shakuntala Sathe;Rohidas Alhat, chief of doctors' cell, Pimpri Chinchwad unit P and Sameer Masulkar belonging to NCP. Shirish Jadhav, general secretary, Pimpri Chinchwad unit of NCP said, \"The party has given nominations to the candidates based on their elective merit.We had many aspirants for a single seat. Azam Pansare, president, Pimpri Chinchwad unit of NCP is personally working to persuade the rebels to not contest the elections.We are sure that we will be able to persuade many. Our prospects will not be affected by the rebellion.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11800620", "title": "NGO seeks restoration of water bodies", "text": "PUNE: Bringing out a 'charter of rights and demands of rivers' that highlights the plight of rivers and suggests ways to restore them, members of the NGO Jal Biradari have appealed to citizens to vote for those candidates who are sensitive or concerned about the water bodies in the city. Copies of the charter will be given to the candidates who are contesting the civic elections.Addressing a news conference here on Tuesday, Suneel Joshi, convenor of Jal Biradari, said that there was an urgent need to discuss and resolve the problems related to rivers, river basins and river development zones in the administrative, catchment and downstream regions of Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad.\"In the past 20 years, due to unlimited growth, water bodies in the city have been encroached upon and the ecological flow of rivers is disrupted. To stop this destruction of water bodies, there should be a thorough evaluation and audit of rivers, nullahs, tributary beds and basins and their no-development zones with comprehensive participation of the people. The evaluation must be done by organisations and institutions,'' Joshi said.Pankaj Kumar, national coordinator for Jal Biradari, said that it was shocking to see roads being constructed on river beds. \"We should know where the money meant for restoration of rivers at the regional, state and national levels was going. There should be transparency in the system,'' he added.Narendra Chugh, a member of Jal Biradari, said that the candidates should discuss these issues with people during campaigns and convince the people of their responsibility towards the city and its water bodies. Once they win, they should co-operate with the audit also.\"The institutions involved in real estate development must initiate disciplinary action against those who have caused encroachment, exploitation and pollution of the water bodies and suspend their membership,'' he said.The rivers flowing through Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad join the Bhima river and, consequently, pollute that also. The mayors and municipal commissioners of Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad and the district officials of Solapur should work together to solve this issue. They can develop a 'sacred rivers vision and programme' that can be taken up with the participation of the affected communities and people, Chugh added.According to Vinod Bodhankar, another member of Jal Biradari, the rivers and streams flowing through Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad should not be channelized but be allowed to flow naturally. Sewage should not be allowed to flow into these rivers.The charter says that the river navigation and river beautification projects have benefited only the contractors and not the people.Students should be associated with issues related to the water bodies. They can take up projects and field studies related to water bodies, the charter suggests.There should be a system for accepting complaints through SMS about any damage to trees, biodiversity or rivers to encourage citizens to protect and conserve environment, the charter adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11800327", "title": "Fatorda's STs will support TMC man", "text": "MARGAO: A group of people from Fatorda claiming to represent the ST community of Fatorda under the banner of Fatorda ST United (FSU) announced that their 250 member strong forum would lend their support to Trinamool Congress (TMC) candidate Piedade Noronha in the forthcoming elections.\"We have a strenght of around 250 members that are representating 250 families from the ST community of Fatorda and we have decided to support Piedade Noronha, \" said Floriano Miranda while adressing mediapersons from Margao on Tuesday.It maybe recalled that exactly two weeks ago, FSU had lashed out at Camilo Baretto for backing out from the fray and announced that they would not support the congress party in the upcoming elctions. They had given Baretto two days to reconsider his decision of withdrawal and had asserted that the SC/ST community would not support the Congress irrespective of who the final candidate would be.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "barnala", "code": "11802076", "title": "No breakthrough in ASI murder case", "text": "BARNALA: Like their counterparts in Ludhiana, who have failed to crack mystery behind the murder of Moga DSP Balraj Singh Gill, Barnala police too are still nowhere near solving the murder of assistant sub-inspector (ASI) Harbhajan Singh three days after the incident, even as they claim to have got vital clues.Harbhajan Singh had gone missing on Saturday night and his body was found from a closed brick kiln in Chhapa-Kutba village on the wee hours of Sunday. Punjab police IG S L Gakhar and Barnala SSP Dhanpreet Kaur had visited the spot on Monday. The police on Monday had also recovered a SIM card used by the deceased cop, which had gone missing after the crime. While a labourer had seen probable killers on the fateful night, police failed to come up with sketches of the killers as described by him.DIG L K Yadav said, \"Police are on the job and have got vital clues in the case, which could not be shared yet as it could affect the investigation but the case would soon be cracked.\" Harbhajan Singh, posted at Sehna police station, had left the place late evening on Saturday to meet an NRI friend at Chhapa village, and his body was found the following morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11801968", "title": "Parzania: A tale of three mothers", "text": "In the post-Godhra 2002 riots, many children lost their parents, and many parents lost their children. But in that madness, a ten-year-old boy gained two mothers - one Hindu and the other Muslim. A decade later, the mothers are in a tug-of-war, both not wanting to give up on the boy.During the February 28, 2002, massacre at Gulbarg Society, two boys - Azhar Mody, who inspired the movie 'Parzania', and Muzaffar Sheikh - disappeared. Azhar was never found, but Muzaffar was saved and is being brought up by a Hindu woman Veena Patni. Today, Veena and the biological parents are fighting a legal battle for the boy's custody. Muzaffar was two years old in 2002. In 2012, he has a new name - Vivek.Muzaffar was born to Mohammed Salim and Jebunnisa Sheikh. Abandoned in the chaos, Muzaffar was found by a police constable, who took him to his cousin - Vikram and his wife Veena Patni, fishmongers in Saraspur. The Shiekhs discovered their son in 2008. Jebunnisa is desperate to get back her son, but Veena will not give him up.A magisterial court refused custody to the Muslim parents after the boy expressed his reluctance to live with them, but the high court asked Veena to give custody of the boy to the Sheikhs on weekends.Jebunnisa has pinned her hopes on the high court's verdict and says Veena does not let her meet her son regularly. \"But then we can't forget Veenaben raised him,\" Jebunnisa adds.Anticipating that the Sheikhs may finally get custody, Veena and her family are preparing themselves for separation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11801678", "title": "More coaches for Shatabdi Express", "text": "BANGALORE: Train No.12028/12027 Bangalore City - Chennai - Bangalore City Shatabdi Express will be augmented with one II Class AC chair car with effect from Wednesday on a permanent basis. The revised composition will be I Class AC chair car, 8 II class AC chair cars and 2 self-generating vans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11801271", "title": "Shoot! Is it a heritage site?", "text": "HYDERABAD: Filmmakers are having a free run at a heritage monument in Hussainialam. The Baradari of Nawab Khursheed Jah Bahadur, an HMDA listed Grade 3 structure, has turned into a beehive of activity with heavy equipment being put up indiscriminately and the monument given a coat of paint for a shoot, throwing all heritage rules to the wind.The crumbling structure that usually wears a deserted look has come into focus in the last 15 days with workers readying it for the shooting of a Telugu film titled `Yavadu' starring Ram Charan Tej. The devdi's imposing facade has been painted in a garish brown shade. Glass doors have been nailed on the original doors on the ground floor and make-shift pillars installed. Posters have been stuck on three windows on the first floor of the monument. The art decor for the shoot has completely changed the limestone facade of this magnificent European-style structure. While shootings often take place here, locals said that this is the first time the facade has been painted.A lecturer at the Hussainialam Degree College located on the same premises said the Baradari was counted among the most beautiful palaces in the city. A look at the many four-wheelers being painted in yellow indicated that the shooting was planned for several days, he added.Decrying the changes, activists pointed out that the paint would hugely damage the structure. \"The paint will be seeped inside. It is a natural lime mortar structure and the paint, which is a chemical, will lead to its faster decay faster,\" said a heritage expert. She added that if the authorities cannot conserve the monument, they should at least ensure that it is not misused. This monument constructed by the Paigah family also falls in the Heritage Walk route.Workers at the site who were busy hammering nails into the structure claimed the organisers had the required permission from Quli Qutb Shah Urban Development Authority (QQSUDA). However, when contacted, QQSUDA superintendent Hilda said that permission was given for about five days and it was only to use the open land on the premises. \"We did not give them permission to paint the structure nor do we have the authority to take such a decision,\" said Hilda.Experts said that this monument is among the 160 buildings in Hyderabad that have been listed as heritage structures by the Heritage Conservation Committee under HMDA. By notifying such structures, HCC is supposed to work towards retaining their architectural, historical and social importance. However, experts feel due to lack of support from the state government it has become difficult to preserve the status of these buildings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11800710", "title": "Maharaja\u2019s set for reunion", "text": "KOCHI: To some it was a political cradle, to many others it provided personal relationships that endured a lifetime. Maharaja's College is alma mater to a large number of famous people and on Saturday they come together to relive those formative experiences.Among those who will come calling for Maharajakeeyam 2012, its alumni meet, are A K Antony, Vayalar Ravi, Mammootty, Salim Kumar and Dileep. Film directors Siddique and Amal Neerad will also be present, so will former ISRO chief and the brain behind Chandrayaan project, Kasturi Rangan. K former comrades R Gowri and T M Thomas Isaac and Infosys CEO S Shibulal too will grace the occasion.The campus days of many of its illustrious sons and daughters adorn the souvenir prepared specially for this meet. For Antony, Maharaja's is like a morning breeze that brought him joy. Vayalar Ravi recalls the days when he fell in love with Maria Francis aka Mercy of Kattikkaran family, who later became his wife. The eastern side of the botany department, where they took the vow to tie the knot, still remains etched in his memory.The college was the political laboratory for many students who went on to become powerful leaders. And for actors like Mammootty, Salim Kumar and Dileep it was where they learned the ropes of their trade. It was in this campus that their movie dreams blossomed.Her Intermediate days in the college remain crystal clear in veteran communist leader K R Gowri's mind even after seven decades. Memories of college-mates like Changampuzha Krishna Pillai, Malayalam's greatest romantic poet, still remain fresh in her mind.Former CPM leader and minister V Viswanatha Menon has a tale to narrate of freedom struggle fought from the campus. It was from Maharaja's that he and his comrades started the self-determination struggle for a united Kerala. Mammootty had no qualms confessing that had it not been Maharaja's, his life would have been entirely different.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11800286", "title": "Gupta House construction flouts norms", "text": "NAGPUR: Here's another case of the powerful ignoring norms while the civic body looks the other way. The new construction underway at Gupta House in Civil Lines, which has office of Gupta Metallics and Power Ltd, to accommodate a restaurant where parking space used to be has no sanction of civic body.Even as a sizeable structure has been built, the town planning department of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has not been approached for permission. Mangalwari Zone office of the NMC under which the area comes has not been notified of the work. It has served a notice to building owner but have not bothered to follow up. The company's office is on the sixth floor while the rest of the building has been let out to banks and insurance companies.Gupta Metallics is a company engaged in steel and power business with Mahesh Gupta, a prominent businessman from the region, at the helm. A senior official in the company told TOI, that just a steel structure had been built. \"We will be soon approaching the town planning department with the plan. Once the approval is secured the brick structure will come up,\" he said. He was confident that the plan would be approved. He said all that needed to be done was to pay the premium charges and go ahead with the construction. He explained that the company had purchased an adjoining plot of 10,000 sq ft and the land on which the building stands and this plot would be considered a single unit. This would allow for higher floor space index (FSI) and more construction, he added.The company's Chairman' Mahesh Gupta could not be contacted despite repeated attempts. He kept putting off one appointment after another. A source in the town planning department in-charge of this area confirmed that no approval had been secured. He also ridiculed that theory that building a steel frame required no prior sanction. Even a steel frame needed permission from the NMC and that too was valid for six months only, he said.The source said that many people build a 'temporary' steel frame but begin using it permanently. This leads to effective extension of the building without brick and mortar work that needed permission. Even if such a structure were to be demolished at a latter date, it could be easily dismantled.In this case the officials of Mangalwari zone also confirmed no request for permission was submitted. \"A letter has been sent to the company asking it to submit the relavant documents and permission it has received,\" said a source.Construction worsens parking problemThe extension work at Gupta House has already led to a parking problem in the locality. The area earlier used to park the company's vehicles has been cleared for the restaurant. A small strip has been left on one side that can accommodate just a few two-wheelers. With the parking gone, the cars of company and its tenants are now being parked on the road. Even earlier there the parking space in the building was hardly adequate given the large number of persons working at and visiting the offices.The company claims that the first floor area was not originally meant for parking. There was enough space in the sides as required by the norms, said the official. Moreover there are plans to come up with multi-storeyed parking on the adjacent 10,000 sq ft plot. However, it would not say by what time this parking would come and where are vehicles expected to go until then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11800173", "title": "Shiv Sena candidate, defector in straight fight", "text": "NASHIK: Ramwadi-Krantinagar area of Panchavati ( Ward no 7 (B)) is all set to witness a a straight fight between the Shiv Sena candidate and its defector, in the ensuing Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) elections scheduled on February 16.The outgoing corporator Ashok Mutardak, who recently quit Shiv Sena and entered Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) and the outgoing Shiv Sena corporator Sanjay Bagul are in a straight fight from ward no. 7 (B). and this straight contest.The fact that Sanjay Bagul is the brother of Sena's Nashik district chief Sunil Bagul, has made this contest particularly a high profile one.Ashok Mutardak was elected as corporator on Shiv Sena's ticket for three consecutive terms in the past three five-yearly elections to the NMC. Mutardak quit the Shiv Sena around three months ago and then joined the MNS. This time, he is contesting on the MNS's ticket from ward no. 7 (B) for the general category and is therefore in a straight fight with his rival Shiv Sena candidate SanjayBagul. The outgoing corporator Sanjay Bagul, is the brother of Shiv Sena district Chief Sunil Bagul. In five-yearly elections to NMC in 2007, he contested on Shiv Sena's ticket and entered NMC House for the first time. Four candidates are in the fray from the backward category reserved for women in ward 7 (A). These include which include Vimalbai Akhade (BJP), Manisha Hekare (Shiv Sena), Lankabai Nivrutti Shinde (MNS) and Lata Sudhkar Chaudhari (NCP).The Ward no. 7 which is one of the major wards in Panchavati division, includes Ramwadi, Hanumanwadi, Krantinagar, Vrundavan colony, Bachhav hospital area, Uday colony, Bhavbandhan Mangal Karyalaya area, Professor colony, More Mala and theJagtap Mala areas. The numbers of voters in the ward are 20,744, including 11,263 male and 9,481 female voters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11801054", "title": "Roadways dreams up 30 more buses for city", "text": "GURGAON: Haryana Roadways is yet again ready with a plan for the city bus service. After failing to launch 100 buses for the same service, officials are now claiming to bring in 30 buses, including 20 airconditioned ones, by the end of this month.Moreover, under another \"ambitious\" project, the roadways plans to launch 20 Volvo buses on the Delhi-Chandigarh route. The 20 AC buses are being brought from Ashok Leyland and will be low-floor, while the other 10 normal buses are being manufactured by Haryana Roadways Engineering Corporation ( HREC).Officials clarified the service will be provided by the roadways itself and not being executed under the public private partnership (PPP) model. While the routes are yet to be finalized, the buses will connect old Gurgaon with new Gurgaon and connect Gurgaon with Dhaula Kuan in Delhi, Manesar, Faridabad and Ballabgarh. General manager Yashendra Singh said, \"The routes would be finalized soon. The city bus service will be successful if buses connect the city to other nearby cities.\" Singh added that a special attention would be given on connecting them to metro stations while finalizing the routes. The fare would be similar to charges in buses running on city routes. For general buses, fare charges of Rs 5, 10 and 15 are fixed, while Rs 10, 15 and 20 have been fixed for AC ones. Singh said that the department hopes to start the service by the end of this month. Along with the city bus service, 20 Volvo buses would also make their entry at the same time.These buses would primarily be used to improve the connectivity between Delhi and Chandigarh, whereas some of them would ply from Gurgaon to the capital city. \"The service is going to be the best and the country and we hope to increase the frequency to 20 to 25 minutes from Delhi and every one hour from Gurgaon,\" Singh said. A team of 30 drivers have already been selected to undergo a training session in running Volvo buses by the company in Bengaluru.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11800469", "title": "'Reserve 25% seats for EWS in nursery or face action'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi government on Tuesday warned private schools of punitive action if they fail to comply with guidelines for reserving 25 per cent of total nursery seats for the economically weaker sections.\"All the schools will have to strictly comply with the government directive for reserving seats for economically weaker section ( EWS), failing which action will follow,\" education minister Arvinder Singh Lovely said replying to a question on the issue.Assuring parents, the minister said the government will ensure that each and every child gets admission in nursery.He was speaking after inaugurating a new Government Middle School in Mukundpur area of Burari assembly constituency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11805282", "title": "Motorola Defy Plus gets a price cut", "text": "NEW DELHI: Motorola Defy Plus, the latest version of Motorola's rugged Android smartphone, has just got a price cut.Motorola Defy Plus, which carried a price tag of Rs 17,990 during its launch in India in late 2011, is now available for Rs 15,990.The Defy Plus is powered by a 1GHz processor and has 512MB of RAM. The device also sports a 3.7-inch display with Gorilla Glass protection, it has a 5 megapixel rear camera with LED flash and further it is scratch resistant. Just like Motorola Defy, this version too is dust and water proof. On connectivity front, the Defy Plus supports 3G, EDGE/GPRS, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 2.1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "11800150", "title": "Forest dept to assess the number of bustards left in the state", "text": "AJMER: The forest department has on its hands the task of finding the number of remaining Great Indian Bustard (GIB), the state bird, to chalk out a conservation plan for them. The census will be carried out on February 14 to know the area and number of birds in Ajmer, Baran and Jaisalmer divisions. At present, the bird, which is found only in the Indian subcontinent, is included in the endangered species list.There was a time when bustards were spotted in large numbers in the Sokhliya grassland, a GIB pocket, but since last ten years, they have moved to Jaisalmer and Bikaner. The forest headquarters instructed the divisions of Ajmer, Jaisalmer and Baran to prepare for the counting of bustards in their area and also to identify the regions they inhabit.\"There are nearly 39 villages in Sokhliya region where about 60 employees will be deputed to count the birds,\" Sudhir Jain, divisional forest officer, said. He further said these employees will be given training for the census by the Jodhpur officials of the department.The bird watchers are worried about the decreasing number of bustards in the region, \"In 1990s the number of these birds in Sokhliya was about 74, but in 2001 it decreased to 27 and last year only two were seen,\" officials said.These birds need grasslands near corn farms to feed and breed. \"The main reason for their migration from Sokhliya is the mining activities here,\" sources said. The department had made a project for conserving the bird in Sokhliya region but the mining lobby put pressure on them to stall it,\" sources said.Thus, the birds started migrating to Jaisalmer, \"At present there are about 40 birds in Jodhpur,\" officials said. The birds are also seen in some parts of Bikaner and Kota.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11799539", "title": "I made hoax call: Mentally unstable man walks up to cops looking for bomb", "text": "AHMEDABAD: 'Why is there so much police on the bridge, sir?' a man asked the policemen gathered on Gandhi Bridge at 10.30 am on Tuesday. \"Is it due to the call made about bombs on the bridge?\" When he got an answer in the affirmative, he candidly told them that he had made the call. \"Don't worry, there is no bomb,\" he said.It was a surprise for the city police when Vijay Sagathiya, 35, a resident of Sohrabji compound in Nava Vadaj, turned himself up to them. The city police was in a tizzy since Monday evening after an anonymous caller informed them that there would be bomb blast on Gandhi Bridge. Police had deployed a large number of policemen on and below the bridge as a matter of precaution and had kept vigil when Sagathiya walked right to them.\"We were first skeptical but took him in custody on the basis of suspicion and questioned him when we realized that he was mentally unstable. He provided us with his address. When we reached there, we got to know that he was living with his 75-year-old mother and was unmarried due to his condition. His mother also came rushing after hearing about the incident and told us that he was living alone in the house for six days while she was attending to her granddaughter at Civil Hospital,\" said H B Jamod, inspector of Naranpura police station.He added that Sagathiya was on medication, but had stopped taking medicines last week. \"After we got his medical papers, we released him and asked his relatives to take care,\" said Jamod.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11801208", "title": "V-C defends decision", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Kerala University has decided to cancel the controversial driver appointments and decided to initiate the whole selection procedure afresh, to avoid a controversy as in the case of appointment of university assistants earlier, said Kerala University Vice-Chancellor A Jayakrishnan.Talking to the TOI, the V-C said that the selection committee would inform the Lok Ayukta about the decision since it had asked to complete the appointments of drivers before January 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11799026", "title": "Parents should own up if they have erred, kids will follow", "text": "NEW DELHI: If parents want their kids to know right from wrong and act accordingly - they have to clean up their own act first. Orders, lectures and punishments don't work anymore. A child today is smarter, has more access to information and tests everything the parent says against what he experiences himself. So set boundaries, enforce them and get ready to act as role models. If you yell at other drivers on the road, your kid is likely to do the same when he grows up, say psychiatrists.Instilling of values, says counsellor Geetanjali Sharma, has to happen within the constraints of time inherent in double-income families. \"You can work on a value system through stories, exposing kids to the right influences,\" she says. \"Parents rarely engage in any soul-searching themselves. They should take care of their own values and the kids will follow automatically.\"Dr Ritu Gupta, mother of two boys, 16 and 13, concurs. \"There are innumerable distractions in the city. If children see parents respecting elders, being kind to the poor, they will imbibe those values automatically,\" she observes.Referring to her father, a young girl had told psychiatrist Jitendra Nagpal, \"I want to see the sermon in him, not hear it from him.\"And that, for Nagpal, is the difference between a child today and one 20 years ago. \"Kids learn by observing. Fundamental values like honesty, integrity, patience and respect, and the right attitudes to gender and disability come from the family,\" he says. How her dad treats her mom can mould the child's attitude to gender.Nagpal also warns against the conflict arising from value-education in schools not squaring with values received at home. \"Parents have to keep themselves updated about what is being taught in school through whatever resources they have,\" he says. The most effective way to stop a teenager from doing something is explaining the consequences to him/her. A news item can be used to discuss issues - what happened, why did it happen and how it could've been avoided.If parents go wrong, it's best to own up. \"Be truthful to your kids. Don't make up some story about it - they always know - but explain why you made a mistake,\" says Deepak Gupta, psychiatrist, Centre for Child and Adolescent Well-Being. \"That way the child will learn to take ownership for his actions and say sorry,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11801706", "title": "Kila Raipur Games to kick off on February 9", "text": "LUDHIANA: Malkhamb is set to be the major attraction of 76th Qila Raipur Rural Olympics that would be commence from February 9 and continue till February 12. Malkhamb would be show event in Rural Olympics and gymnast from western region would performs this traditional sport.The extravaganza would start on 7-acre open stadium in a small village, Qila Raipur, situated 17 km south of Ludhiana and the stage is set for a heady mix of Olympic and traditional sports events and a display of bizarre physical exploits. The top hockey teams such as Punjab Police, BSF, ITBP, CISF and other teams of the region will sweat it out for the title and a cash prize of Rs 1 lakh and Rs 75,000 for the runners up. Organizer Sukhvir Grewal said, \"Rural Olympics attracts participants from all over Punjab, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh and beyond and age is no bar.From seven-year olds to a 70-year olds, all will display physical prowess and trickery for the prize money. The tournament is being organized by Grewal Sports Association since 1933. This year the prize money for each event has been raised kabaddi winners and runners up will get Rs 1,50,000 and Rs 1,00,000 and the bullock cart race winners will take away Rs 1,00,000, Rs 7,5,000 Rs 51,000 and Rs 41,000. The total prize money for athletics will be about Rs 4 lakh, Rs 7,000 for the winner and Rs 3,000 and Rs 2,000 for the first and second runners-up in each track and field event, in the under-19 will be 3000, 2000 and 1000 respectively. More than 5,000 sportspersons, both in Olympic and traditional style, will converge on the dusty fields watched by over 1 lakh spectators and viewed on television all over India as also lovers of this sporting event in Canada and England during the three-day carnival. The elimination race will see the bulls galloping down with the jockeys balancing precariously on their small carts. These races will be the main attraction. Prized oxen from all over the region will be participating in the elimination race to be held on February 9.Grewal said, \"Tent pegging will also be a major event which will require clocklike precision and uncanny sense of anticipation as the riders pierce the planted pegs while galloping down on their horses. Besides, there will be grey hound races, mule races, tug of war, loading unloading a tractor-trailer, gymnastics, cycle races and hockey tournament for girls, boys fewer than 17 and fewer than 14. Tricycle races for the handicapped and seniors citizens from 60 to 85-year-old will also be seen in action. In the evening there will be cultural programmes by renowned Punjabi artist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11791225", "title": "Amy and I are not living in yet: Prateik Babbar", "text": "Prateik Babbar on his soon-to-be-released movie Ek Deewana Tha and his relationship with co-star and special friend Amy Jackson.Pratiek Babbar is in the news albeit more for personal life than his professional life. His off-screen chemistry with co-star Amy Jackson has become talk of the town. The two will be seen together in Gautham Menon's love story Ek Tha Deewana.According to a recent news report the duo has moved in together. But the actor denies the news and claims it to be a rumour. He told us, \"Yes, I have heard about it but it's not true. It's a rumor,\" said Pratiek, who doesn't deny his closeness with Amy Jackson.Ask him about Amy and he goes on praising her. \"Amy is the sweetest girl. She is amazing. We are very very close but we have not moved in together yet,\" confirms Pratiek. Ek Tha Deewna is Pratiek's first out and out romantic film.Pratiek who describes himself as a die-hard romantic guy, is pretty open about his relationships. He recalls doing the craziest thing in love when he was just 14 years old. \"I stood on the terrace of my girlfriend's building for hours in the rain,\" he concludes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "11799217", "title": "Crorepatis have it all in Thane", "text": "THANE: Crime and money make a lethal combination in Thane politics, if one takes a look at some of the barely literate crorepatis who are contesting polls to the civic body here.The assets and income declared by politicians from the Congress, Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), Shiv Sena and the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) would probably match the wealth of some of the richest people. On the top of the chart of wealthy politicians in Thane is Congress candidate Ravi Phatak, whose declared business investments, cash, savings and property are totally valued at over Rs 25 crore. Pathak has given a detailed list of his residential and commercial properties in Thane and Mulund, including a plot in the premium Amby Valley resort, agriculture land at Devgad and Ratnagiri in costal Konkan, and a plot in the adivasi landscape of Yeoor hills here.Besides owning two Mercedes Benz cars, a Honda CRV and a Maruti Getz totally valued at Rs 2.08 crore, Phatak, who studied up to Class VIII in Kudal, Sindhudurg district, has investments in blue chips companies and has declared ownership of diamond jewellery worth Rs 25 lakh and gold valued at Rs 20 lakh. Phatak has been charged for offences under the Indian Penal Code for rioting and carrying a deadly weapon with the intention of causing harm to others.NCP's Hanumant Jagdale, who is seeking re-election from the working class pocket of Vartak Nagar, could rank second in this list with properties and investments scaling upward of Rs 20 crore.Jagdale, a big name in the construction industry in Thane-Mulund, has investments in the real estate sector totally valued at Rs 19 crore. His farm plots at Satara and Yeoor are valued at Rs 2.70 crore, according to a declaration submitted by him to the poll officer.MNS leader Sudhakar Chavan, an accused in a Terrorist and Disruptive Activities (Prevention) Act (TADA) case, has investments in commercial and residential properties in Thane, which are worth nearly Rs 5 crore. Chavan's sprawling 6,000-plus square foot bungalow Mantranjali, at Pokhran No 1, is in the name of his wife Sulekha, and is worth over Rs 6 crore.Among the young crorepatis contesting is Vihang (23), son of Sena legislator Pratak Sarnaik, whose bungalow along Ghodbunder Road is valued at Rs 1.50 crore, besides a plot at Manpada valued at over Rs 40 lakh. Sarnaik Junior, who is doing his final year of architecture, has savings and shares worth Rs 37 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11799720", "title": "After Nizamuddin, DND to be closed for repairs in Mar", "text": "NOIDA: After the Nizamuddin Bridge, it's the turn for DND to close for repair. Officials of the toll road confirmed that repair work will start once the bridge on NH-24 opens up so that traffic flow between Noida and Delhi is not obstructed. The work on the Nizammudin Bridge is expected to finish in March. The Mayur Vihar link road on the DND will be the first to undergo repair work and the rest of the stretch will follow.According to a survey conducted by Central Road Research Institute (CRRI), the repair work needs to be conducted to ensure the longevity of the bridge that was constructed with an estimated 70-year lifespan. \"There is some damage on the Mayur Vihar link road that needs to be repaired urgently, but we have decided to overlay the entire road with bituminous concrete as per the suggestions of CRRI,\" said a DND official.Due to closure of Nizammudin Bridge, there has been an increase in vehicular pressure on the DND and officials estimated that over 20,000 cars are currently commuting via the toll road.\"The repair work on the flyway will take place in phases so as to ensure that traffic isn't hampered. We will make sure that at least one carriageway is open,\" added the official. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11802519", "title": "Labourer killed in Adani plant", "text": "GONDIA: In a freak accident a labourer, working for Gamons Company in Adani Power Plant, near Gondia was killed on Tuesday. Sonu Azijz Khan alias Dilshad was working in the plant when at around 1pm, an iron angle fell on his head. He sustained serious injuries and died while being taken to hospital. Sonu was a resident of Ranchi.In another accident on Monday another labourer was injured in the same plant. Tichu Binjhade (20) of Lakhegaon village in Tiroda tehsil has been admitted to a private nursing home in Nagpur.Two killed in separate incidents in GondiaTwo murders were reported around Gondia on Monday, one was that of a reporter Vinod Yewale from Rawanwadi village and the second of Goregaon-based woman who was suspected to be involved in black magic. It is suspected that Yewale (35) was murdered and his body was dumped at the dry canal between Rawanwadi and Moggarra.In another incident Pandurang Katewar (58) of Bhangaram Square, Goregaon killed his wife Reshma (55) with an axe on Monday morning suspecting she indulged in black magic.Goregaon police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11801074", "title": "Madurai div sees green in revenue", "text": "MADURAI: The bus fare hike implemented in the state from November last, has seen the revenue of railways going up with passenger traffic steadily rising, every month.After the fares of the state-owned transport corporation buses increased on November 16, 2011, the passenger traffic in Southern Railway's Madurai Division has surged to an additional Rs 5 lakh from its average number of 26 lakh passengers in a month, yielding an additional revenue of Rs 3 crore for the division.Senior divisional commercial manager of Madurai Division, Hoshiar Chand said that the revenue has increased by 25% after the bus fares were hiked in the state. The average number of passengers travelling by trains during the months of October and November was 27 lakh. But in the month of December 2011, the number went up to 35 lakh passengers. During the month of January 201, the number of passengers was 31 lakh, yielding Rs 22 crore when compared to 26 lakh passengers and Rs 19 crore revenue during January 2011, he said. In Madurai Junction alone, the revenue was Rs 1.69 lakh in October, Rs 2.91 lakh in November and Rs 2.99 crore in December. In the month of January, the revenue realised from Madurai station was Rs 3.26 crore and the figures have been rising steadily over the period of three months, Chand said.A station master from Madurai suburbs said that the passenger traffic has increased to two to three-folds after November.\"We can say that the number increased to 150% after the bus fare hike,\" he said. For instance, the minimum fare in passenger train is Rs 2. With other options like season tickets, 'Izzat' scheme, the patronage for railways is always high and it has increased many folds during the last three months, he pointed out.\"We are not able to manage the crowds at booking counters and we even delay the trains for additional minutes so that the public can collect their tickets,\" he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11800283", "title": "Kolkata gets the blues", "text": "KOLKATA: This may make you feel blue, but like it or not, you are stuck with the blues in Kolkata. Flyovers, government offices, railings and dividers, even Writers' Buildings and the Alipore bridge now suddenly sport Mamata Banerjee's favourite colour - azure.It's incidentally the same shade as the Tata Group logo and Mayawati's BSP flag. And of course, the well-recognised saree of the Missionaries of Charity. There is no escaping it. Armed with cans of blue and white paint, an army of workers has descended on the streets of Kolkata to drastically alter the city's landscape. Sweeping aside logic and reason, everything from trees to bridges is being painted in the \"official\" blue and white theme.Already, large swathes of central and south Kolkata appear draped in blue. While some roadside railings earlier sported the white and blue combo, now all street furniture is getting the same theme: park gates, lampposts, traffic signal posts, street signs, electricity boxes, bus shelters, roadside wall and even tree trunks.The first to be swabbed blue were the police stations on the city's fringes that earlier had a dark red-navy blue combination. Brought into the Kolkata Police fold, they changed colours to blue and white. Then, park railings that were painted black and gold by the Trinamool Congress board at Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) were repainted blue and white. The boundary railings at Harish Park and Maddox Square have changed colour twice in less than three months.\"It's a waste of time and money. The money used to repaint railings could have been spent more wisely. How is it that the government complaints of insufficient funds but has money to fritter way on these initiatives?\" asked Chanchak Daulatramani, an evening walker at Maddox Square.And it's no small change. In the first phase that is to be completed by February, mayor Sovan Chatterjee has sanctioned a whopping Rs 80 lakh for the blue drive. This is in addition to Rs 60 lakh that was sanctioned just a couple of months ago to paint the city in different colours: green, yellow, orange, mauve, black and gold. Anything but red.\"Between September and December last year, the entire city was given a fresh coat of paint. Now, they are being repainted with the uniform white and blue combination. This is sheer waste of precious resources,\" a finance department official at the civic body said.Street furniture along Jawaharlal Nehru Road, Red Road, Mayo Road, New Road, DL Khan Road, Hospital Road and Harish Mukherjee Road have already gone blue. Now, flyovers are also being given the paint job. Next on the agenda are government buildings that have been red since the Raj days.If this is making you reel, there's an even more daring proposal. The KMC top brass are apparently charting out a policy whereby owners of private buildings will be given tax sops if they confirm to the colour code.Apart from urban development (Firhad Hakim) and PWD (Sudharshan Ghosh Dastidar) ministers, two others - Rachpal Singh of tourism and Madan Mitra of transport-have embraced the blue and white theme with a vengeance. Seaside town Digha was painted in the theme colours for the recent Beach Festival. In the city, Singh has instructed that the Sahid Minar's dome be painted blue.Mitra has already announced that state buses will be painted blue and white. At present, private buses have a light blue-yellow paint scheme while K-series mini-buses have a blue stripe painted across the white body. Taxis may also be blue instead of yellow.Sources said the decision to paint the city blue - like Jodhpur in Rajasthan - was taken at the 'highest level' sometime in the latter half of last year. Apparently, chief minister Mamata Banerjee wanted the city to be identified by a colour and she chose blue.Rajasthan has been the forerunner in theme colours - Jodhpur is the Blue City, Jaipur Pink and Chittor White. In the arid land, the landscape does look breathtaking when viewed from hilltop forts. But how would a metropolitan city the size and haphazard nature of Kolkata appear if all buildings and street furniture were painted blue?Artist Samir Aich believes it can be soothing to the eye if done aesthetically. \"In a congested city like ours, where the lanes are narrow and there isn't much illumination, particularly in north and central Kolkata, use of lighter shades is preferable. In any case, modern architecture has a lot of depth that allows shadow play if light colour is used,\" he said, hastening to add that the idea born out of good intention could go haywire if contractors choose the wrong shade.Artist Jogen Chowdhury felt light gray would go better with a lighter shade of blue, allowing for a contrast that is subtle rather than glaring. \"One needs to be very careful while implementing a decision that has such wide bearing on public life,\" he said.The city's intelligentsia isn't too enthused. Writer Dibyendu Palit does not relish the prospect of Kolkata turning into a mono-colour city. \"Blue isn't the only colour that's beautiful. There are other colours that are as nice. It would be depressing if all other hues and shades were ignored and the city reflected just one colour. Even if blue is used, it needs to be done aesthetically. What is being done now hurts the eye,\" he said.Writer Sunil Gangopadhyay, while welcoming the choice of blue that did not belong to any political party in Bengal, is wary of over-kill. \"Anything in excess is not good. Why can't we do things in moderation,\" he wondered, adding that the government's priority should be to resolve more pressing matters.But officials at KMC, Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority and the urban development department are unfazed. They plan to use blue as the theme colour in all future projects. Murals will be in blue and white. So too paintings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11798659", "title": "Brothers kill sister-in-law over railway job", "text": "MUMBAI: The Nehru Nagar police on Tuesday arrested two brothers for strangling their brother's wife in their Kurla home on Monday, two days after his death.The brothers tried to pass off her death as a suicide, but failed in their attempt to do so.The police said that the accused, Pradeepkumar Dohare (22) and his 16-year-old brother, have confessed to the crime and said they did it because they fought with their sister-in-law, Poornima (24), over who should apply for their brother's railway job. The deceased, Mangeshkumar (24) died on February 4 in Kalyan railway hospital while being treated for injuries he had sustained in Orissa a year ago.On Monday, officials from the railway welfare benefit department made Poornima sign papers related to her husband's job. The brothers were annoyed when the officials gave her Rs 15,000 as compensation to their sister-in-lawto carry out the final rites and told her she was entitled to a railway job.\"The 16-year-old said they offered the victim the provident fund and the other benefits of their brother, but asked her to leave the job to them,\" said Nehru Nagar police senior inspector Dhananjay Bagayatkar.\"On learning that she was entitled for a job, they got annoyed. The brothers asked their sister-in-law to take the money and allow one of them to apply for the job.However, the victim said that since she has a child, the job will take care of their future,\" a police official said. Miffed, the brothers decided to kill Poornima.On Tuesday, the family was to head to Orissa with the deceased's remains. The accused called Poornima's brothers to check on her. \"The door to the bedroom was ajar. I peeped inside when my sister did not respond to my call. She was motionless when I touched her. Immediately I rushed out and called neighbours. The entire time, I noticed there was no reaction from her in-laws which raised suspicion against them,\" Poornima's brother Manish told TOI.On Tuesday, the family was to head to Orissa with the deceased's remains when railway officials approached Poornima. \"They (the brothers) got annoyed when officials from the railway welfare benefit departmentThe 16-year-old youth said he supported Pradeepkumar's act because their sister-in-law refused to let him apply for the job. \"The youth said they also offered the victim the provident fund and the other benefits of their brother, but asked her to leave the job to them,\" said Nehru Nagar police senior inspector Dhananjay Bagayatkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11800357", "title": "More water for PCMC areas on the agenda: Pawar", "text": "PUNE: Speaking to media persons in Pimpri-Chinchwad, deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, on Monday, defended his party's decision not to renominate some of the former corporators.Pawar said that he has spoken to three leaders who were denied a ticket this time and said that they had agreed not to work against the party. About the clashes between NCP's Dabbu Aswani and Congress corporator Amar Mulchandani in Pimpri Camp, Pawar said, \"The police will investigate the matter. Dabbu and Amar (Mulchandani) have an old dispute. I had tried to mediate but have failed to resolve the matter.\"About NCP's plans for Pimpri-Chinchwad, Pawar said, \"Efforts will be made to secure more water for citizens.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11802632", "title": "Badnera MLA Rana booked for luring voters", "text": "AMRAVATI: Rajapeth police have booked Badnera MLA Ravi Rana and candidate of Yuwa Swabhimani Rajesh Shirbhate for allegedly violating the model code of conduct. Rana and Shirbhate allegedly influenced voters by luring them with free pilgrimage to Shegaon on Wednesday.Shirbhate, candidate of Yuwa Swabhimani party, is contesting the Amravati Municipal Council ( AMC ) in Dastur Nagar prabhag. On Wednesday, Shirbhate organized a free pilgrimage to Shegaon for which he booked around 15 buses of Shiv Travels, said sources. On Wednesday morning, all 15 buses were supposed to leave for Shegaon. Rana flagged off the buses. Some activists of other political parties stopped buses and informed the police. The activists alleged that Rana and Shirbhate were luring voters by arranging free pilgrimage. Rajapeth police were busy registering offences.PI Sanjay Deshmukh confirmed the news and said \"We were registering offences against Rana and Shirbhate under 177 (E) and 188 of IPC. Police are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11801656", "title": "Govt says no to course fee hike", "text": "BANGALORE: It's that time of the year again when the government and private college managements clash over seat matrix and fee structure for professional courses. At the first meeting this season, college managements on Tuesday wanted a fee increase in fee for the courses but the government refused. And the stalemate continued.The college managements sought a fee hike for all seats in medical and engineering colleges. \"Taking into account inflation and the cost required to run a college, our demands are justified,\" said Panduranga Shetty, vice-president , Karnataka Private Unaided Engineering Colleges Association.The government, however, rejected the demand. Higher education minister said VS Acharya said: \"We told the managements that fee hike for government seats is ruled out. As far as management seats are concerned, there can be a marginal fee increase. Since they are payment seats, a marginal increase by Rs 15,000 or Rs 25,000 might not matter much. There was no consensus on this.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11805314", "title": "I love Kajol's smile says Divya Dutta", "text": "A smile can really change the entire look of a person, is a given that we've heard a lot of times.Studies also show that smiling a lot leads to the secretion of positive hormones and improves health and overall well-being of a person. So, we went scouting for who has the perfect smile. Here is what we came up with:When asked to name an actress with the perfect smile Divya Dutta , actress said, \"Kajol lights up the screen with her smile... and its not only limited to the lips, but that travels to her eyes and I guess that makes it genuine and reaches the hearts of people.\" The actress unabashedly adds, \"Incidentally, my smile is considered very genuine and one of my strong points too!\"Madhuri is another actress who can still light up the screen with her high voltage smile.When you see someone smile and it makes you smile back involuntarily it means that it has the potential to be called a really genuine smile. Television actress Debina Bonnerjee says, \"It is Kiran Bedi , whose smile is beautiful and the most genuine. I call it so because it is a smile that brings a smile to your face is a genuine smile. I had met her in Tihar jail once, a long time back. I was in school then, and my club had taken us there for a performance. She bowled me over with her aura. When she smiled it was a million dollar smile. It made us all so comfortable and happy. A child connects only with what is genuine.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11800986", "title": "SEZ affidavit shifts onus on customs department", "text": "KOCHI: There was no communication from the Customs department about the need to inspect any suspicious transshipment containers, says an affidavit filed by development commissioner, special economic zone (SEZ), at the high court.On January 10, the Customs department sought the court's intervention alleging that Cochin Port Trust, IGTPL, and development commissioner of SEZ, had not been facilitating the setting up container scanners and Indian Customs Electronic Data Interchange System connectivity at the transshipment terminal.Installing container scanners at ICCTT entry and exit gates and Cochin Port wharf gates would be highly useful for detection of contraband and non-declaration of cargo, Customs had pointed out. The department had also sought a court order for provision of adequate space and infrastructure for installation of container scanners and ICES system.Responding to a petition filed by Cochin Chamber of Commerce and Industry, the affidavit filed on Tuesday by Development Commissioner of SEZ, also states that Customs department was asked to maintain status quo at the container terminal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11798922", "title": "Double decker buses to make re-entry", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If you were a child in the early 1990s in a quieter Ahmedabad, you may remember going to school in double decker buses, with everyone racing to grab the best seat in the front of the upper deck. As a child this seat used to be the precious. Well, sixteen years later here is a chance to relive that moment as VITCOS-the private bus service in Gandhinagar plans to introduce the first double decker in March.The route is being finalized at the moment. \"There are two routes on which we would ply the double decker, one from GH-3 circle in Gandhinagar to Chandkheda or Chiloda. We have wider and better quality roads up to Chiloda and the bus would not have problems. We plan to run this bus in a 15-minute frequency. The present VITCOS bus frequency in Gandhinagar is 10 minutes,\" says chairman of VITCOS Haresh Dhodiya.\"There was a time when double decker buses used to run from Lal Darwaza, Paldi and would go up to Gandhinagar. This service was popular amongst government employees and school children. I remember sitting on the front seat of the top deck with my legs stretched out of the front window. This was a luxury. The last time I traveled in a double decker was in 1989 when the AMTS was planning to bring out open roof double decker tourist bus-very much like London. But a few years later, AMTS chose to close the service,\" says an entrepreneur, Dinesh Patadia.The double decker bus to be introduced in Gandhinagar will have a seating capacity of 75 and will run on Euro-IV diesel engine which costs Rs 38 lakh. \"This is environmentally safe and has less emission,\" claims Dhodhiya.Apart from Gandhinagar, VITCOS has already introduced the service in Bhavnagar in November last year. Dodiya claims the idea behind introducing double decker buses came to him after commuters in Gandhinagar in a random survey expressed their willingness to travel in them if these were introduced. \"Public transport becomes mundane after sometime as it becomes part of a person's routine. We thought of packing in some excitement about traveling in public transport and hence decided to run double deckers,\" says Dodiya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11801897", "title": "Left can\u2019t take opportunistic positions: D Raja", "text": "The persistent decline in the tally of the Left parties in Uttar Pradesh assembly, since 1989 has been haunting the party cadre both in the state as well as at the national level. However, despite the string of poor performances, the front leaders are confident that the Left will improve its tally in Uttar Pradesh legislative assembly. Speaking to Arunav Sinha , senior CPI leader and Rajya Sabha MP D Raja says that his party and Left Front want development in UPQ. What are the reasons you attribute to the poor performance of the Left in UP?We are quite aware about the gap that exists between the ideological leanings of the Left and its electoral performance. This time, we think that we have the best chance to make our presence felt not only in the poll, but also in the legislative assembly. Post-independence, caste and communal politics have dominated UP's political landscape. These exist mainly due to complex social structure. People are divided on religious and casteist lines, and alignment of social and political forces take accordingly. And, Left cannot take opportunistic position for sake of politics.Q. So, how do you plan to arrest the factors, which have been giving sleepless nights to the Left?The effect of caste politics is quite deep in Uttar Pradesh. We plan to increase the ambit of our mass work and awareness among different sections of the society. We hope that people learn a lesson from the past and deliver a significant verdict, which helps the state and nation in the long run.Q. What are the issues you are going to highlight in this election?The Left wants development in Uttar Pradesh. We want both the agriculture sector as well as the industrial sector to grow. The party wants an end to dual education system, and is of the view that education must by nationalised, end to corruption in mid-day meal scheme. We are also of the view that corporate farming must end. If voted to power, the party would revive the ailing UP Handlooms to help the weavers in the state. In the health sector, the party would set up medical colleges at the divisional headquarters. The party would also implement the recommendations of the Ranganath Mishra Commission and Sachar Committee. The party reiterates its stand for a strong and effective Lokpal, and we also want reforms in the police.Q. Are you eyeing at any pre or post poll tie with any political party?It's too early to comment on the tie-ups. Let us see how the people vote during this election.Q. There have been number of splinter groups emanating from the Left's stable. Don't you think that if you had put up a joint face, results would have been encouraging?This is not the right time to discuss all these things. We at CPI always want that all the Left parties in the country to put up one face. We want all to come together.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11799576", "title": "Sadiq Jamal encounter: CBI gets more time to probe", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has got time till June 30 to complete its probe in the 2003 Sadiq Jamal Mehtar encounter case.With this extension granted by justice M R Shah on Tuesday, the probe agency has practically got one year to investigate into the allegations by Sadiq's family that he was done to death in police custody. HC had directed CBI to take up the investigation on June 16 last year and complete it preferably within six months.Last month, CBI sought six more months to probe the case and cited the reasons for delay. The main reason behind the procrastination, according to CBI was cold shoulder given to the central agency's sleuths by Gujarat government. CBI claimed that it was not provided required infrastructure by the state government including an office and place for interrogation, which has been hampering the probe.Justice Shah took the state government on task, when it tried to defend itself. HC directed the government to complete all formalities and provide all required facilities including an office in Patnagar Yojna Bhavan to CBI within ten days.CBI also submitted before the court what progress it has made in investigation during all these months and claimed that it has examined 107 witnesses. However, Sadiq's family was not happy with the pace of investigation and its counsel told the court that CBI could have at least expedited the probe in Maharashtra, since the probe agency can not complaint of inadequate infrastructure there.Sadiq was killed in encounter near Galaxy cinema in Naroda on January 13, 2003 by the city crime branch officials.After the shoot-out, Gujarat police claimed that Sadiq was a Lashkar-e-Taiba operative and on a mission to kill chief minister Narendra Modi for riot reprisal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11803916", "title": "Onscreen chemistry of Rajesh Khanna and Mumtaz", "text": "They were one of the hottest on screen couples in the Hindi cinema industry. And when Mumtaz married immediately (almost in a hurry) after Rajesh Khanna's wedding to Dimple Kapadia , people started speculating about a more serious bond between the on-screen couple. However, neither Khanna nor Mumtaz ever hinted at a romantic liaison.Captured by ace lensman Jagdish Aurangabadkar on the sets of their 1969 film Bandhan, this picture shows the two actors in an intimate sequence from the film. The film Bandhan was the second consecutive film starring Khanna and Mumtaz. After their first film together Do Raaste, filmmakers trying to capitalize on their successful on-screen chemistry, signed both Khanna and Mumtaz in their ventures. And the jodi never failed to work.The film Bandhan, thanks to Narendra Bedi's direction, Kalyanji Anandji's hit music and the onscreen chemistry of Khanna and Mumtaz, went on to gross a formidable amount of Rs 2.8 crore in 1969.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11800431", "title": "Maldives president quits after protests", "text": "NEW DELHI: Maldives, the island nation of luxury resorts, erupted into a coup-like political crisis on Tuesday, resulting in the resignation of Mohammed Nasheed , the island's first democratically elected president. Vice-president Mohammed Waheed Hassan was sworn in later in the day, and he has pledged to form a national unity government until polls in 2013.India, Maldives' closest partner and neighbour, was surprised by the sudden turn of events though New Delhi has been in the thick of attempts to work out a resolution between Nasheed and the other parties as the situation has been worsening for some time. The crisis is a setback for India because New Delhi had invested a lot of political and economic capital in Nasheed and sources said the current crisis would make the going difficult for India, certainly in the short term.Political instability, brewing for weeks, reached a crisis point on Monday night, when policemen mutinied and joined the opposition protests, attacking a facility belonging to the ruling party, and a TV station. The latest protests were over the arrest of a top judge after he released a government critic.Amid growing protests, Nasheed announced his resignation in a televised address on Tuesday morning, saying, \"I resign because I am not a person who wishes to rule with the use of power. I believe that if the government were to remain in power it would require the use of force which would harm many citizens... (and) it is very likely that we may face foreign influences.\"India keeps close watch, won't step inIndia, Maldives' closest partner and neighbour, said it was closely monitoring the situation.\"This is an internal matter of the Maldives, to be resolved by Maldivians. We hope that all issues will be resolved in a peaceful and democratic manner,\" MEA spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said. In 1988, India had responded to a call by then president Maumoon Abdul Gayoom to help quell an externally-induced coup attempt by PLOTE rebels from Sri Lanka .India has a very close security relationship with Maldives.PM Manmohan Singh signed a framework agreement with Maldives in November, 2011, which included joint efforts against piracy and joint patrolling of seas and aerial surveillance. The Indian Navy also has a presence in the country. Given its geographical location in the Indian Ocean , Maldives is very important for India as it seeks to become an Indo-Pacific power. Indian private sector GMR group is building a new airport in Male.Internal stability is as crucial for India as it is for Maldives whose economy is primarily dependent on rich tourists.For the past few days, the Indian High Commissioner in Male Dnyaneshwar Mulay has often been a facilitator to try and bring the warring parties together to stitch a resolution.Nobody in the Indian government believes this can hold for too long, but at least violence has been averted for the moment. There is also an expectation that Mohammed Waheed, a former top Unicef official, will steer with a steady hand. Kuldip Sahdev, former diplomat and one of the main actors during the 1988 Operation Cactus, said \"the president's resignation was a statesmanlike act\".Sources say the crisis doesn't have anything to do with India, and this time certainly, India will not play God in Maldives. \"Its very different from 1988,\" said sources.India has 30,000 citizens in Maldives, all of whom are safe, official sources said.The anti-government protests, which had been simmering for over a year now, sharpened after a growing Islamist lobby protested against a Pakistan monument erected for the SAARC summit in November, calling it anti-Islamic.But things became unacceptable when Nasheed ordered the military to arrest chief justice of the criminal court Justice Abdulla Mohamed because he had released a government critic. The vice- president, Supreme Court, Human Rights Commission, Judicial Services Commission and the office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights have all called for Mohamed to be released.But Nasheed insisted the judge was a stooge for former president Gayoom. This started the chain of events that culminated in his ouster.While Nasheed won the 2008 elections in a run-off along with two others - Hassan Syed and Qasim Ibrahim - his party did not have majority in parliament. This imposed some inherent constraints in how far Nasheed could go on his own.With his activist background and an attractive international persona, Nasheed tried hard to break out of the constraints of the system. At one point in 2010, his entire cabinet resigned because several of his candidates were shot down by parliament.His cabinet returned, but Nasheed had to back down.So while internationally, Nasheed was the poster boy for climate change activists, even dramatically holding a cabinet meeting under water in scuba gear, internally, Nasheed began to face more and more opposition from Gayoom's party as well as Islamists.At one point, he gave in to new strident Islamist voices by closing down spas in the hotel resorts.They had to be reinstated, because Maldives' tourism industry would be hit badly. He tried to introduce fiscal discipline, to cut budget deficit, but with little political support he really couldn't get far, instead drew fire of opposition protests, some of which may have been orchestrated by Gayoom himself, who could be looking for a return during the presidential polls scheduled for 2013.Sources said India was keeping its fingers crossed.\"We hope things will settle down over the next few days,\" said official sources. Privately, however, they are a lot less sure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "bangaore", "code": "11803731", "title": "Karnataka ministers filmed watching porn in assembly quit", "text": "BANGAORE: Three Karnataka ministers - Lakshman Savdi, C C Patil and Krishna B Palemar - have resigned following allegations of watching porn clips in the legislative assembly.It took just few minutes for the top BJP leaders, chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda , state BJP chief K S Eshwarappa and former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa to decide, who met early on Wednesday morning to seek resignations from the trio. The copies of their resignations have been forwarded to the governor for acceptance. While Savdi was holding cooperation portfolio, Patil was woman and child development minister. Palemar was entrusted with ports and environment responsibilities.Savdi and Patil were caught allegedly watching porn film clips on the former's cell phone on the floor in the legislative assembly. The ministers were caught in the act even as the House was in the middle of the heated debate on the recent hoisting of Pakistan flag in Sindagi in Bijapur district. Close up shots of the ministers watching blue films were beamed on television channels in the evening and sparked off a furore. The television visuals showed both the minister sitting next to each other, gazing into Savdi's hand set and having a banter. This is for the first time that the Karnataka assembly is rocked by such a scandal. Savdi claimed that clips were forward by Palemar. Palemar, who had to pay a price for allegedly providing the blue film clippings to Savadi, said he was contemplating legal course over the issue, according to a PTI report.Speaking on behalf of the party, Yeddyurappa said the ministers have voluntarily tendered resignation on moral grounds and none of the party leaders including Nitin Gadkari had any role to play. \"Inquiry will be conducted and soon truth will be out,\" Yeddyurappa said. Sources said that the party had decided last night itself to take their resignation, but was awaiting for Yeddyurappa to come back from tour of Bidar. All the three ministers are staunch followers of Yeddyurappa and were pitching for his comeback as the chief minister.Opposition leader Siddaramaiah not only sought his resignation, but also urged the Speaker not to allow Savdi, Patil and Palemar to attend the assembly. Speaker K G Bopaiah has convened an emergency meeting of business advisory committee (BAC) involving leaders of ruling and opposition to discuss the conduct of the members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11799897", "title": "Should the Tillari project be realigned?", "text": "Yes, it needs to be realigned. The irrigation department needs to have an open session with the affected farmers and explain the realignment. They need to give a written undertaking that the water will be made available to the farmers. So far, there has been no commitment that guarantees that.Darryl Pereira | Reira Eco Ventures, SaligaoYes. This Tillari irrigation project has to be realigned. This project is a curse to the Saligao farmers. This project is destroying the real beauty of our village by cutting the fertile fields into two parts. This project will leave all the fields uncultivated and barren if all goes as per the plan. This project has already destroyed the paddy fields in Bastora, Guirim and parts of Saligao. If this project is for the farmers, then align it as per their demands. This is a sensitive issue; and the government needs to hear the farmers' grievances and keep the Saligao village green. It should be noted that more than 95% of Saligao fields are cultivated.Alex Fernandes | Farmer, SaligaoI think having the project running through the fields is not good. This will be bad for the farming community. The realignment should be done without harming the fields.Clarence Rodrigues | Research - Pharmaceutical, SaligaoI don't think having the project is good for the villagers, especially the farmers. It does not benefit the farmers at all. When they lay the pipeline, it will no doubt destroy the fields. We have seen what the project has done in neighbouring villages. In the neighbouring villages, even fields that were close to those that were dug up have been ruined, as the mud had been dumped there for around there years.Mario Godinho | Mechanic, Saligao", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11801232", "title": "Corporation files caveat in SC", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The city corporation has made an advance move in the Vilappil row by filing a caveat in the Supreme Court.Thiruvananthapuram corporation filed a caveat on Monday anticipating the Vilappil panchayat would move Supreme Court with an appeal challenging the Kerala high court verdict to reopen the garbage treatment plant at Vilappilsala.The caveat would mean that if the Vilappil panchayat files an appeal, the Supreme Court cannot pronounce a decision on it without hearing the version of corporation. It could very well upset the plans of Vilappil panchayat. Corporation officials said that with the corporation filing a caveat in advance, it won't be easy for the Vilappil panchayat to get the stay order. Deputy Mayor Happy Kumar said that the corporation went for the caveat so that Supreme Court would consider the views of corporation as well. \"Any decision in favour of Vilappil panchayat is likely to worsen the garbage crisis,\" he said.When ToI contacted the officials of Vilappil panchayat, they said that they were completely unaware about the caveat. \"We don't know if the corporation has already approached the Supreme Court. We are yet to receive the copy of high court verdict that directs the government to re-open the garbage treatment plant. Future decisions can be taken only after consulting with our advocate,\" said R Damodaran, Vilappil panchayat member. Panchayat president Sobhana Kumari was unavailable for comment.Gopalakrishnan Nair, advocate of Vilappil panchayat said that he hadn't received any information regarding the caveat. He added that the Vilappil panchayat will certainly move Supreme Court.\"The legal procedures to tackle the corporation will soon be finalized in consultation with the panchayat committee,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11802240", "title": "Scuffle at school leaves four children injured", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Four students were injured in a scuffle which broke out between two groups of boys at a school at Ballabgarh. The incident occurred on Monday when Charan Singh, a student of Class XII, got into a brawl with his colleagues Tarun, Harendra, Naresh and Seoraj at Rawal Senior Secondary School. The students attacked each other with knives in which four of them were injured, who were rushed to the Escorts Hospital. A complaint has been lodged by school Principal J P Sharma with the police against Singh, who has been arrested and booked under section 324 and 307 of IPC.Law student commits suicide: A law student allegedly committed suicide by jumping before a moving train in Rohtak, police said. Babli, 22, who was pursuing LLB from Maharshi Dayanand University, jumped before Delhi-Jind passenger train on Monday, they said. The reason behind the girl taking the extreme step is yet to be ascertained, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "purulia", "code": "11800559", "title": "Purulia to get a Rly coach factory soon", "text": "PURULIA: Construction of the railway coach midlife rehabilitation factory at Anara in Purulia will start soon, said general manager of South Eastern Railway, A K Verma. The announcement was made by Verma during his Purulia visit on Monday.The project was announced in the 2010-11 railway budget by the then railway minister, Mamata Banerjee , and she had laid the foundation stone on October 31, 2010. The foundation of the thermal power plant that is a joint venture of the railway and NTPC was also laid by Mamata on the same day. By initiating two major projects, Mamata wanted to convey to her rivals that she was equally keen on industrialization in Jangalmahal after the Nano small car factory of Tata Motors in Singur was shelved.Verma said that the railways already has 160 acre land in its possession for the proposed Rs 185 crore project in Anara. The coach factory would be the second by Indian railways; the first being at Bhopal. Once it starts production, the factory will help meet the country's annual requirement of 50,000 coaches. Funds will also not be a problem, Verma assured. The construction work has been allotted to a private contractor. Building of the boundary wall and land levelling is expected to begin soon. The project would take speed from March, he added.Verma also said that DVC has agreed to provide water from Panchet Dam in Jharkhandfor the propsed 1320 MW JV greenfield thermal power project in Adra.Railway board officials have discussed the issues with NTPC top brass. Construction work of the Rs.6,000 crore thermal power plant will start once the project gets clearance from the Central ministry of environment and forests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11799920", "title": "2 gangs busted, 8 held with Rs 7 lakh in fake currency", "text": "MUMBAI: The police busted two gangs and recovered Rs 7.2 lakh in fake currency from their members in the last 24 hours. A total of eight persons have been arrested.In the first instance, the city crime branch unit 9, led by inspector Sanjay Satadekar, arrested three persons in Bandra and recovered Rs 3 lakh in fake currency from them. , Mohammed Mittu Danish Shaikh, Ziaul Haq and Mohammed Wajid Ali. The notes were in the denomination of Rs 1,000.The police later arrested three more persons -Mohammed Gafoor Shaikh, Tariffullah Mohaldar and Anwarbibi Shaikh-from Antop Hill. \"We searched their houses andrecovered another Rs 3 lakh in counterfeit currency. The accused said they had brought the notes from Malda in West BengalThey paid Rs 45,000 to buy Rs 1 lakh fake notes,'' said investigating officer M D Shivalkar.Now the crime branch is probing as to how many people in Mumbai they sold or circulated the fake currency and whether they have any terror connection said assistant commissioner of police Arvind Mahabadi.On Tuesday, the V P Road police arrested two persons for allegedly carrying Rs 1.2 lakh in fake notes. \"The accused , Muzammil Shaikh (32) and Jahrul Shaikh (20), are residents of Jharkhand,\".Officers investigating the case said that they had received information on Tuesday morning that two persons in their mid-twenties were coming to the area with counterfeit currency. The informer added that the men would use this currency to purchase gold.\"Our team received information that the duo would come to Bhoiwada Naka in Gulalwadi with counterfeit currency. We laid a trap and nabbed them around 10:30am when they reached the spot,\" said DCP (Zone 2) Anil Kumbhare. \"Kumbhare said that 119 notes of Rs 1000 denominations were seized from the accused. \"We got 70 notes of Rs 1000 denominations from Muzammil and 49 notes from Jahrul. They have told us that they wanted to use the notes and circulate them in the city. They are residents of Jharkhand and we are probing to see where the trail leads us,\" he said.Kumbhare also said that the notes look authentic and only a small colour in the lining on the notes differentiates them from the original currency, adding that further investigations are on. \"We are probing into the source of these notes. Both the men are from outside Mumbai and it is not clear how long they have been here for. This could lead to a bigger racket when we trace the path of the money,\" said Kumbhare.Fake currency cases have acquired greater importance ever since it has come to light that almost all accused in the 13/7 Mumbai serial blasts were first arrested in similar rackets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11801289", "title": "Temple at Charminar asked to shut early", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Bhagyalakshmi temple at Charminar, which was embroiled in a controversy recently over the ringing of bells during the Juma prayers, has been served a notice by police asking the temple committee to shut the place of worship by 9 pm in view of the prevailing atmosphere in the Old City.Though notices were served on the temple committee on a couple of occasions earlier, they refused to accept it and subsequently it was pasted on the temple premises a few days ago. The temple authorities keep the place of worship open till 10 pm on weekdays and till 11.45 pm on Fridays. However, police have now given them a closing deadline of 9 pm.In fact, the Bhagyalakshmi temple is the only place of worship in the Old City which is open beyond 8 pm unlike other temples in the South Zone.\"The notice was pasted on the temple premises and subsequently it was removed by police after taking a photograph for evidence. We were asked to shut the temple by 9 pm, but it is not possible because of our age-old practices. However, police have not troubled us for the past 15 days, especially after the row over ringing of bells took place,\" Shashikala, a member the family which founded the temple, told TOI.On the other hand, the Charminar police said serving a notice on the Bhagyalakshmi temple was not an isolated case as similar notices were served on shops and establishments in the locality informing them to wind up early to pre-empt any untoward incidents. Since the temple could be an easy target, the Charminar police have posted personnel round-the-clock at the place.\"We have asked them (temple committee) to close the temple early. After winding up their businesses, local shopkeepers halt at the temple and this might create unnecessary problems,\" ACP Charminar division, M Ram Mohan Rao told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11798917", "title": "National biodiversity project launched", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A national project to access genetic resources, their economic values and also share the benefits of the resources was inaugurated in Gandhinagar on Tuesday.The project - Strengthening the Implementation of the Biological Diversity Act and Rules With Focus on its Access and Benefit Sharing (ABS) Provisions - taken up jointly by the United Nations Environment Programme-Global Environment Facility ( UNEP-GEF) and Union ministry of environment and forest, will be launched in five states of India. The states are Gujarat, Andhra Pradesh, West Bengal, Himachal Pradesh and Sikkim.Dr A P Singh, member secretary, Gujarat Biodiversity Board, said that the state has a unique biodiversitywhich includes the Keshar mango, Hafus mango, Ishabgul, Jeera, Gugal, Kutch khajur, Banni grassland, Gir lion, Wild Ass, Gir and Kankarej cow, Kathiyawadi horse, Jafrabadi and Mehsani buffalo. These are pride of the state and need conservation.He said under the project, the identification of biodiversity with potential and their valuation in selected ecosystems will be undertaken.Dr Balakrishna Pisupati, chairman, National Biodiversity Authority, Chennai was also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "11801174", "title": "Leopard found dead near Bhandara", "text": "BHANDARA: A full-grown leopard was found dead near Nerala village, around 25km from Bhandara, on Monday. Some villagers found the beast on the village road and informed the forest officials who visited the spot and took samples of the carcass and sent it to forensic laboratory, Nagpur.Deputy conservator of forest (Bhandara division) Yashwir Singh said, \"The leopard was a full grown male and was found lying on the road leading to agriculture land near Nerala. No injury marks were seen on the on body. Hence, it is difficult to ascertain the real reason of the death.\" tnnWe will wait for the forensic report to know the cause.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11801183", "title": "Colour of poriborton? TMC to use MP funds only to paint Kolkata blue", "text": "KOLKATA: Kolkata may be crying for better hospitals and roads, but Trinamool Congress MPs representing the city will now spend their allotted development funds only on beautification. This directive came from Kolkata South MP Subrata Bakshi and was circulated among party councillors on Tuesday, leaving many of them fumbling for words.The Kolkata Municipal Corporation is already on a frenzied drive to paint Kolkata blue - because chief minister Mamata Banerjee has decided to make it the city's theme colour. Even trees on Red Road have been painted in enamel blue colour. Now, under Bakshi's new rules, if you paint your house blue and white, you could win yourself a rebate on property tax.These guidelines will soon be issued by the city's civic brass, Bakshi told Trinamool councilors at the KMC headquarters on Tuesday. An MP gets Rs 6 crore a year for development projects. Bakshi has already told councilors in his constituency (that was vacated by Mamata) to submit beautification projects. The list of such plans will be sent to Kolkata South MP and the beautification work will start after the necessary modifications, said a Trinamool councillor who attended the meeting.The new guidelines unequivocally say that central funds allotted to an MP for area development will instead be used for beautification.This includes laying pavements with designer tiles, sprucing up parks and painting flyovers, bus shelters, bridges, lamp-posts and just about everything blue.A section of Trinamool councillors expressed surprise over Bakshi's proposal to use MPLAD funds for beautification.\"We have potholed roads, and poor sewerage and water supply systems. MP grants were meant to be used for slum development, repair of school buildings and other development purposes,\" said a councillor.The mayor confirmed to TOI that such a proposal had come from the south Kolkata MP and was under consideration. Bakshi, however, did not comment on this issue. He said he had come to meet councillors at KMC to discuss development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11800297", "title": "Bureaucrats beware: Inept can be sacked after 15 years", "text": "NEW DELHI: Deadwood in the Indian bureaucracy will not be able to clog the government any longer. The Centre has notified a rule making it compulsory for IAS, IPS and officers from other all-India services to retire in \"public interest\" if they fail to clear a review after 15 years of service.Officers adjudged as inefficient and non-performing will be shown the door and even those who make the cut will need to remain on their toes as they face another review after 25 years of service or on turning 50, whichever happens first.Central services to be covered under the new rule include Indian Revenue Service, Indian Forest Service , Indian Information Service and Indian Custom &amp; Central Excise Service among others that are grouped as all-India services.The measure is part of a package of administrative reforms fast-tracked by the government in the wake of Gandhian Anna Hazare's anti-corruption agitation that forced UPA-II to shore up its governance credentials. The clean-up act follows initiatives to ensure time-bound delivery of services and a citizens' charter to list duties of various departments.Along with the recent Supreme Court-mandated three-month timeframe for the government to deal with a request for sanction for prosecution and the court sanctifying a private citizen's plea for prosecution, the compulsory review can instill some sense of responsibility in an officialdom often accused of callousness.Government has also over the last two years asked ministries to sign up to targets at the start of the year that are evaluated and graded after a 12-month period.The ministry of personnel, which regulates service conditions of bureaucrats, has on January 31 notified changes in All India Services (Death-cum-Retirement Benefits) Rules empowering the government to enforce early retirement of bureaucrats after a mandatory 'review'.Babus will get pensionsThe performance review will include appraisal of the entire service record of an officer \"regarding suitability or otherwise\" for further retention in the service. The new rule, however, spares officers who are asked to quit from losing post-retirement benefits, including pension for life.The new rules say: \"The Central government may, in consultation with the state government concerned, require a member of the service to retire from service in public interest, after giving such member at least three month's previous notice in writing or three month's pay and allowances in lieu of such notice\".The rule specifies such a notice may be issued \"after the review when such member completes 15 years of qualifying service or after the review when such member completes 25 years of qualifying service or attains the age of 50 years, as the case may be\".It, however, added that the government may conduct such review at any other time as it deems fit, if such review is not conducted earlier.The new rule is a departure from the old ones which talked about performance review only after 30 years of service. Earlier, the government was empowered to compulsorily retire any officer at any stage only if s/he is convicted for a crime or if the Central Vigilance Commission (CVC) imposes a penalty of compulsory retirement.Conviction and CVC's penalty clauses will remain unchanged under the new rule that has been introduced following certain recommendations made by the second Administrative Reforms Commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "belgrade", "code": "11801533", "title": "Europe clutches at explosives, tractors to beat the big freeze", "text": "BELGRADE: Authorities used everything from ice-breaking explosives to tractors on Tuesday to overcome Europe's big freeze, as dozens more died of hypothermia and tens of thousands remained cut off by snow.A total of 389 people are now known to have died from the cold weather in Europe since the cold snap began 11 days ago and forecasters are warning there will be no early let-up to some of the lowest temperatures seen in decades. While there was some respite for people living in Ukraine - where more than 130 deaths have been recorded - the mercury plunged overnight to -39 .4\u00b0C in the Kvilda region of the Czech Republic.More bodies were found either on the streets, in their cars or in their homes in Germany , Italy, Poland and across the Balkans .Authorities in Serbia said 70,000 people were trapped in snow-bound villages in the south as they declared an \"emergency situation\". The order, one step down from a state of emergency, allows the government to order private companies to help in the snow clean-up . Large parts of eastern and southern Bosnia have also been cut off by the snow and avalanches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11800063", "title": "Smooth sailing in ZP, panchayat elections", "text": "NASHIK: The only incongruous instance during the otherwise peaceful zilla parishad (ZP) and panchayat samiti (PS) elections on Tuesday was a technical snag in a ballot unit that led to a re-election. Residents of two villages in Sinnar and Peth talukas then boycotted the elections, but later withdrew the same. The repoll will be conducted on February 12. The elections for 73 ZP seats and 145 PS seats were held across 3,774 electoral centres across the district. The number of PS seats is actually 146 but a Congress nominee got elected on a seat unopposed, because of which polling was held for 145 samiti seats.According to the deputy election officer, ZP/PS elections, Vinay Gosavi, throughout the day the election process was peaceful and smooth. \"A technical snag developed in an electronic voting machine (EVM) in election centre number 18 at village Marhal in Pangri Gan (PS division) of Nandurshingote Gat (ZP division) in Sinnar tehsil at 2.30pm. There was no possibility of us carrying on with the elections, and hence after consultation with higher authorities, a re-poll was ordered,\" Gosavi said.Meanwhile, villagers from Vadzire, Sinnar tehsil, announced a boycott of the elections demanding a proper rate for the onion crop. \"Since it was a policy decision and not related to anything that the local administration could do, we urged the villagers to join the election process. They responded positively and the first vote was cast around 9am,\" election returning officer for the tehsil Sopan Kasar informed.The villagers of Kharapadi from Peth tehsil also announced a boycott. Their village is administered by the Trimbakeshwar tehsil, but revenue-wise it is attached to Peth tehsil. They had been petitioning the authorities about this discrepancy for a long time but in vain and had hence announced a boycott of the elections. However, S Sapkale, land acquisition officer, Jalgaon, who is the returning officer for the tehsil, said, \"No such boycott of elections has taken place in this village.\" Sources said that one vote was recorded early in the morning, but none of the voters came to the booth for more than 45 minutes from the start of polling.The authorities felt there was some reason behind this occurrence and on enquiring it was learnt that the villagers had announced a boycott. However, after a dialogue, the issue was sorted out and polling began, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11800754", "title": "KELSA seeks control over projects, funds", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala State Legal Services Authority (KELSA), a quasi-judicial body mainly providing legal services, has submitted to the high court that it should be allowed to oversee the completion of projects as well as management of the funds of Apple a Day Properties.The submission, through a report filed by KELSA, was done after pre-settlement mediation.The report, filed by court-appointed mediator, advocate S Subhash Chand, has put forward eight suggestions to facilitate an \"amicable settlement\" in the biggest real estate fraud so far witnessed in Kerala.While more than 2,000 persons, including NRIs invested in the company's 18 projects, KELSA report reveals that only 122 investors and seven owners associations had participated in the mediation process. In connection with the case, the Kerala police had, in fact, contacted over 100 NRIs while chief minister Oommen Chandy interacted with around 50 NRIs from the UAE to resolve complaints.The mediation team of Subhash Chand and KELSA member secretary P Mohanadas has called for setting up a committee comprising qualified professionals to assess the levels of completion of projects and come up with a schedule to complete them.The committee overseeing the work should include a civil engineer, an architect, a chartered accountant, a representative of financial institutions that provided loan, and Chamber of Commerce, Ernakulam. At least one representative of respective apartment owners association may also be included in the committee, the report states.Apple a Day owners should be made to deposit money as and when required by KELSA in a bank account specifically opened for the purpose. The money outstanding from investors to Apple a Day should also be routed through KELSA, the mediators suggest.In addition to imposing a ban on Apple a Day from announcing any new project until the already-announced projects are completed, KELSA had demanded that the disposal of assets of the company and its directors be routed through KELSA.Investors who want cancellation can do it through KELSA within a time frame of six to 12 months after work on stalled projects resume, the report said. The report also states that KELSA will oversee any modification to the projects after consulting the expert committee to make them more viable financially and technically.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11801649", "title": "Bangladesh coup plotters wanted to derail war crime trials, ties with India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bangladesh may have foiled a coup by army officers aligned with the fundamentalist outfit Hizb ut Tahrir, but is worried about the entrenched presence of men and officers with radical religious views in armed forces.The coup, plotted to derail the trial of \"war criminals\" (those who had sided with Pakistani Army in the 1971 liberation war) and put a spanner in Sheikh Hasina-led government's efforts to strengthen ties with India, has alerted the authorities to a festering danger in its cantonments.Bangladesh High Commissioner to India Tariq Karim told TOI that \"Between 2001 and 2006, the Jamaat-e-Islami (as part of the BNP government) made considerable inroads into our civil and military institutions. Fundamentalist outfits like the Hizb ut Tahrir are believed to have infiltrated these institutions and even colleges and universities.\"At least 16 serving and retired army officers plotted the coup to overthrow PM Sheikh Hasina . On January 19, Army spokesperson Brigadier General Muhammad Masud Razzaq had said \"A band of fanatic officers tried to oust the politically established government.\"The Bangladesh Army is investigating its officers' antecedents. Karim confirmed the coup conspirators have links with the Hizb ut Tahrir, banned in Bangladesh in 2009 for indulging in ``subversive activities\". He, however, said that he didn't know if India provided information about the coup attempt.Hizb ut Tahrir includes a network of educated people and retired military officers based abroad largely in the UK. \"They have a well-knit and well-motivated network. They are believed to be funded by sources in Bangladesh and abroad, and are committed to transform Bangladesh into an Islamic Caliphate,\" Karim said.After Hasina swept to power in 2009, a tribunal was set up to try war criminals of the 1971 liberation war. On January 11, top Jamaat-e-Islami leader Ghulam Azam was arrested for masterminding war crimes, including genocide, rape and religious persecution by collaborating with Pakistan in 1971. \"Those who now find themselves on the wrong side would want to derail the trial,\" he said.Hasina's government amended the Constitution in 2011 to restore its secular principles. \"Fundamentalists and militant Islamists look upon a secular state as an existential threat,\" said Karim.Hasina's detractors allege her government has allowed Bangladesh to become a vassal state of India. They say she has conceded much to India which has not been reciprocated as generously like the falling through of the Teesta water-sharing deal. \"India is perceived by many as having a history of not keeping its commitment. The scuttling of the Teesta agreement strengthened that perception,\" Karim said.Last year, India signed a tripartite agreement to build Tipaimukh dam in Manipur without keeping Bangladesh in the loop. It fuelled a groundswell of protests in Bangladesh as the dam could deprive the country's north-eastern districts of water and hit agriculture.There are reports that exchange of enclaves between the two countries has hit a roadblock after West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee objected to it.\"Such acts feed the anti-India forces and had been carefully cultivated by elements inimical to the emergence of Bangladesh as an independent, secular and democratic state,\" Karim said.He explained, \"As Bangladesh moves closer to election, the possibility of agent-provocateurs deliberately triggering incidents along the border cannot be ruled out.\"Hasina's pro-India stance has dented her popularity at home. \"Imagine if the present dispensation is replaced by a non-secular Islamist regime. Our borders are porous ...figure out the risks involved,\" said Karim.India needs to address the growing trust deficit in Bangladesh. \"Given the tortuous history of the India- Bangladesh relations since 1975, symbolic elements often outweigh substance,\" he added.India can also help by sharing information which Bangladesh can corroborate and check, said Karim. \"There is good cooperation in information sharing on security after Hasina came to power and I acted as a catalyst,\" he said. Dhaka enabled India to nab Ulfa militants holed up in Bangladesh. \"We also have asked India for more that a dozen criminals wanted in Bangladesh. India promised to hand them over to us,\" said Karim.He stressed that the coordinated border management plan agreed upon by the two countries be operationalized soon. Home ministers of both countries will meet shortly to review the mechanism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11801825", "title": "Cauvery water to elude 26L B'loreans this summer", "text": "BANGALORE: At least 26 lakh Bangaloreans will have to live through another summer with parched throats as a project scheduled to deliver Cauvery water to them has been delayed by three months.The Cauvery Water Supply Scheme (CWSS) Stage IV Phase II was scheduled for commissioning by March 2012 to meet the water needs of people living in the newly added areas of BBMP. \"The project will begin supplying Cauvery water to the city only by June,\" BWSSB chairman Gaurav Gupta said, attributing the delay to the project complexity and likening it to the Namma Metro project.Funded by the Japan International Co-operation Bank (JICA), the Rs 3383.70-crore CWSS Stage IV Phase II is slated to bring 500 million litres per day (MLD) of water to the city. Work on laying 172-kmlong pipeline to ferry Cauvery water started in June 2005.The project is being undertaken in 13 water supply and 16 sewerage contract packages. \"We tried to put pressure on the contractors to finish the civil works by December 2010 so that pumping of water could begin by summer. But delay in supply of sand and labour shortage messed up the schedule ,\" revealed BWSSB officials.Frequent truck strikes disrupted sand supply between mid-2010 and early 2011. \"Getting labourers to work at TK Halli and Tataguni project sites was an arduous task. We had a tough time in getting skilled labour,\" they explained.Pipelines have been laid on 154 km stretch. The remaining 18 km will be laid by March. \"Three pumping stations are coming up at TK Halli, Harohalli and Tataguni. About 70% of the work is completed. Getting these stations completely ready and installing filtering systems in the supply part of the project will take another one-and-a-half months,\" BWSSB officials told TOI. They said efforts are under way to get pumping of water to start partially by April-May 2012.The ProjectRiver Cauvery supplies 900 million litres of water to the city daily and meets the water needs of 65 lakh people through 6,25,000 connections.The first project to being Cauvery water to the city was initiated in 1974. Three stages of the project and the first phase of the fourth stage have been completed.The city is facing an estimated water shortage of 500 million litres per day (MLD) and the Cauvery Stage IV Phase II was expected to fill up this gap. The project is billed to cater to the water needs of the people in the newly-added areas of BBMP.Times ViewThe drops are only getting dearer it seems. BWSSB admitting that the Cauvery Water Supply Scheme Stage IV Phase II will be delayed is yet another example of grand promises falling flat. It's a sorry state of affairs that parts of Bangalore are forced to wait for years for something as basic as water. Shortage of sand or shortage of labourers - whatever be the cause - the water board cannot simply wash its hands of by passing the buck. Such excuses won't help slake parched throats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "chicago", "code": "11801558", "title": "Pak cabbie in US admits to aiding Qaida in Kashmir", "text": "CHICAGO: A Pakistani-American cabbie has pleaded guilty to charges of funnelling money to al-Qaida commander Ilyas Kashmiri , who is now believed to have been killed, for terror activities in Jammu &amp; Kashmir and faces up to 15 years in jail.The 58-year-old Raja Lahrasib Khan, who was born and raised in Pakistan-occupied Kashmir before he migrated to US in 1970s, pleaded guilty to one count relating to material support to a foreign terrorist organization.Khan, who was arrested in March 2010, faces maximum 15 years in prison. His sentencing is scheduled for May 30. After his arrest, he was charged with two counts of attempting to provide material support to terrorist leader Kashmiri but prosecutors dropped one of them under a plea deal.His plea agreement calls for an agreed sentence of between five and eight years in prison, and requires Khan, who became a naturalized US citizen in 1988, to cooperate with the government in any matter, the US justice department said.Khan admitted that he met Kashmiri in Pakistan in the early to mid-2000 s and again in 2008. At the time of the second meeting, Khan knew or had reason to believe that Kashmiri was working with al-Qaida , in addition to leading attacks against in Kashmir, the justice department said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11800398", "title": "I-T raid hauls Rs 23 cr from trust", "text": "KOLKATA: Income tax officials carried out a six-month long survey (read investigation) and found that a Diamond Harbour-based trust had evaded Rs 23 crore tax in the last fiscal. Bank accounts of Sunmarg - the trust - have been frozen and the entire amount has been recovered by the I-T department.In July 2011, the department had got whiff that the trust was actually violating some clauses that allowed it exemptions as a charitable trust. Officials carried out lengthy surveys to corroborate these doubts and found the allegations to be true. \"We immediately attached their bank accounts and recovered the money. This is perhaps the biggest haul from a trust. They have gone to our appellate division seeking exemption. That is a procedure that will take some time to conclude. For the moment, we are happy that our officers were able to discover pitfalls in their claims and started investigation,\" said Ajay Singh, director, I-T department, West Bengal.Sumarg remains registered as a charitable trust to this date. However, it had been dealing in microcredit and its receipts were checked to see if it was fulfilling its criterion of social responsibility. There were several loopholes in this and tax officers assessed the amount of tax evaded by the trust, which was immediately deducted.\"It took us so long to book the company because they claim to be a trust. There are several ways in which they can claim tax exemption. They kept buying time from us on the pretext that they would be able to produce receipts for the charitable work that they had conducted. However, most of their claims were false,\" said an officer involved in the probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11802634", "title": "Burdened with loan, teacher hangs self", "text": "AMRAVATI: A tuition teacher hung himself in his coaching class on Monday after failing to repay his loan. According to sources, Lubert Bendict Louse (28) resident of Camp locality used to conduct the class of English speaking in Gulshan tower building. On Monday morning when the sweeper came to clean the office he saw Louse hanging. She later informed other people in the market, who then informed police about the incident.Police found a suicide note in which he mentioned that he had taken loan from one Chhotu bhai and since he was unable to repay the loan he has taken the extreme step.Police have registered the case and are investigaing further into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11799276", "title": "Twitter war: Vijay Mallya, KF apologizes to Ayesha Takia's sister", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bollywood actress Ayesha Takia took to Twitter to express her displeasure with a Kingfisher Airlines (IT) staffer who allegedly misbehaved with her younger sister Natasha at Delhi's IGI Airport on Monday. While Sidhartha Mallya , whose father Vijay Mallya is the chairman of Kingfisher Airlines, tweeted back asking the actress to \"pipe down\", the father took the complaint more seriously, apologizing to the sisters and saying that the matter would be investigated.On Tuesday evening Mallya senior tweeted: \"My personal apologies 2 Natasha Ayesha Takia's sister if she was disappointed with our service. Will have her allegations fully investigated.\"In response, Ayesha Takia tweeted: \"I just read the tweet from Mr Vijay Mallya.. I appreciate the response and hope the matter is seriously looked into and dealt with.\"On Monday Takia posted a series of tweets describing how the Kingfisher staff had treated her sister. \"The worst airline, Kingfisher!!! Shockingly baddddddddddd airport staff behavior at Delhi airport with my sister. We are going to take serious action against this and go to court with it, let the law handle it, so that this does not happen to any girl again,\" she tweeted.Takia alleged that the airline staff was rude to her sister and tore up her boarding card.Reacting to her posts, Siddharth Mallya tweeted: \"Been getting tweets about Ayesha Takia &amp; KFA. Not too sure who she is, an actor of some sorts?? But it seems something has upset her...Don't know why Ayesha Takia is tweeting so much when she wasn't even present. There are always two sides to a story. Pipe down love.\"Kingfisher Airlines denied that its staff had behaved in an inappropriate manner. The airline issued a statement saying that Natasha was booked to fly from Delhi to Mumbai but she came to Delhi on another airline flight that got delayed and ended up missing her Mumbai connection.\"As soon as she produced a confirmation from the airline on which she arrived certifying that their flight arrived late, our staff offered her a wait-listed option on our next available flight as the next flight was full. We categorically deny that any of our staff misbehaved with this valued guest. We also deny that any of our staff tore her boarding card as alleged. The boarding card had in fact not even been handed over to the guest as she was waitlisted. We regret any inconvenience that may have been caused to the guest on account of her missing her connecting flight,\" the statement read.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11802472", "title": "EC probing alleged Mayawati's swear word", "text": "LUCKNOW: An \"unsavoury remark\" made by Mayawati against some people creating a din at her Gorakhpur public meeting on Monday has land ed her in trouble. The poll panel has sought a video record ing of the rally.On Tuesday, chief electoral officer, UP, Umesh Sinha said his office had received the video recording but he was to see it. The CM was ad dressing a gathering Gorakhpur when some people began making a noise near the dais. Disturbed, Mayawati said opposition parties had sent some people to disrupt her meeting.She told the audience to pay attention to her. She said to have used unparlia mentary language while referring to those who she claimed had come to disturb her meeting. In reality, the commotion occurred when woman tried to enter the secure area around the dais.When security personnel stopped her, she began shout ing and tried to force her way through. The guards handed her over to the police who took her outside. Many in the gathering stood up purely out curiosity. This distracted Mayawati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11802514", "title": "Now, BJP left without nominee in Bastarwari", "text": "NAGPUR: Congress gave a walk over to BJP in Deekhshabhoomi/Shankar Nagar ward by failing to field a candidate there for Nagpur municipal body elections. Now, BJP seems to be returning the favour as it has been left with no nominee in Bastarwari ward after rejection of its official choice Yogesh Gonnade.NMC released the final list of candidates for the February 16 elections after the completion of symbol-distribution process on Tuesday. Two candidates - Pranit Kumar Jambhule (Congress) and Ramdas Gudadhe (Lokbharti) - remain in fray from Bastarwari ward-17. There is nobody from BJP-Sena-RPI(A) alliance.The seat was with BJP. Sitting corporator from Juni Mangalwari ward 73 in Central Nagpur Yogesh Gonnade was the official BJP candidate. However, owing to caste validity issues, his nomination form was rejected. BJP city president Anil Sole said that BJP has now declared support to Gudadhe who, however, would not be able to use Lotus symbol. Gonnade was elected in 2007 as a candidate of Adim Sanvidhan Sanrakshan Samiti and joined BJP a few months ago. BJP rested its sitting corporator Eknath Kumbhare to pave way for Gonnade thus receiving a double jolt.ZP, Panchayat Samiti polling peaceful in VidThe voting for 399 ZP in Vidarbha seats were held in seven districts of Amravati, Yavatmal, Buldhana, Nagpur, Wardha, Gadchiroli and Chandrapur.Naxalite-affected Gadchiroli district once again gave thumbs up to electoral democracy with over 65% turning out to cast ballot. Naxals' attempt to disrupt polling at Khamtala Village in Dhanora tehsil was foiled by security forces. Barring sporadic incidents, the polling passed of peacefully elsewhere.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "faridabad", "code": "11799215", "title": "Class XII boy stabs juniors over girlfriend", "text": "FARIDABAD: Four students of a private school on Sohna Bypass Road near Ballabgarh were stabbed on Tuesday by a senior student, who was \"angry\" that his girlfriend was being \"humiliated'' regularly by the victims.The incident took place around 1.30pm during the lunch break. Police said the Class XII student attacked the students studying in Class XI with a kitchen knife, which he had brought in his school bag.\"We have registered a case at Ballabgarh City police station. We have apprehended the accused, who said the argument was mainly over a female friend,'' said Raj Kumar , DCP, Ballabgarh.Investigating officer Ajay Kumar said the four victims are in ICU and two of them are in a serious condition.Sources said one of the Class XI students was with three of his friends during the lunch break when the accused walked up to him and started an argument, saying they were taunting him about his girlfriend for a long time and that he would not take it \"lying down'' any longer.The police said the accused had on several occasions challenged the Class XI student to have a fight. The two students had earlier fought several times, they said.\"During the scuffle, the accused attacked the student, injuring him seriously. When his friends tried to intervene, they too met with the same fate. After injuring the four, the accused fled from the spot. As he was carrying a knife, no one dared to stop him. Later, the injured were taken to a private hospital by the school management. One of the injured was later shifted to another hospital when his condition deteriorated,\" a police source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11801404", "title": "Police bust fake credit card gang", "text": "CHENNAI: Employees of a petrol filling station in Peerkankaranai near Tambaram on Monday helped police nab a three-member gang dealing in fake credit cards. The case has been forwarded to the central crime branch for further inquiry.Around 11pm, police said, the three men drove into the fuel outlet and asked the employees to fill 30 litres of petrol in their Wagon-R.Soon, one of the three \"handed over a credit card to an employee of the station. He asked the latter to swipe the card for Rs 4,500, take a 20% commission and the charge for 30 litres of fuel and give him the rest ,\" a police officer said.The employee went to the office , pretended to swipe the card and alerted police. Sensing this, the trio tried to escape but were caught and handed over to police. The card was found to be fake and the car seized.The gang members, Ravi of Choolaimedu, Ezhilarasan of Pallavaram and Venkatesan of Purasawalkam, had in their possession many fake credit and debit cards besides a skimmer machine, a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11801620", "title": "Stray incidents of violence reported from Old City", "text": "LUCKNOW: An incident of firing and stone-pelting was reported from Thakurganj on Tuesday, while clashes took place at Maula Nagri in Wazirbagh area in the evening. Late in the night, incidents of stone throwing were reported from Akbari Gate area of Chowk inuring a youth.On Tuesday early morning, dispute erupted at Pajawa locality in Thakurganj police station area when a group of a particular sect was going to offer prayer near Haideri Mosque. While the members had assembled to offer prayers, members of another group resorted to sloganeering followed by stone-pelting.The two groups then exchange fire. However, no one was reported to have received any injury in the firing incident. On receiving the news, police and RAF personnel in large numbers reached the area and prevented the incident from aggravating. The police arrested about two dozen trouble-makers and booked them for breach of peace. However, after assurances from clerics and senior citizens , the police released them later in the day, DIG DK Thakur said.In the evening trouble again began, when member of two sects at Maula Nagri in Wazir Bagh came out with an aim to call it truce. Elders from both the side along with other members started assembling in the area. No sooner than crowd started gathering, members of one sect objected to a banner, which was put up in the area by members of another sect. They asked the members of other sect to pull down the banner if they actually wanted to call it truce.This resulted in heated exchange of words which further aggravated took shape of clash. A section of mob also resorted to stone-pelting. However, before the situation could turn worse, security personnel rushed to the spot and brought the situation under control. Similarly, in Tope Khana area, several members assembled in the area. However, security forces intervened and sent the people back to their homes. Late on Tuesday evening, a youth was eating at a restaurant in Akbari Gate when a stone came hit him on his head. Tariq was immediately rushed for treatment.As compared to Monday, adequate security force including RAF and PAC personnel were visible in the area. The situation throughout the day by and large remained peaceful. The Lucknow police also sought the help of ASP level officers who had earlier worked in the Old City and are familiar with lanes and by-lanes.Later, talking to TOI, DIG DK Thakur said that the situation on Tuesday remained under control and categorically claimed that there was enough force available to check any untoward situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11801784", "title": "Boy hangs self from railway pole after tiff with dad", "text": "MUMBAI: A 15-year-old boy was found hanging from a railway pole at Bhayander on Monday.The victim, Joginder Nishad, hailed from UP and had recently come to the city to stay with his father. On Sunday, the two had an argument over Joginder not getting a job after which the boy hanged himself, cops said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11804634", "title": "National level bio-tech fest at St Aloysius from Thursday", "text": "MANGALORE: The Department of Biotechnology is organizing 'BioSpectra'- a National-level Fest on Thursday. Echoing its voice with the United Nations theme of the year \"Sustainable Energy for All\", the fest marks the decennial celebration of its establishment.The Department on this occasion is conducting various competitions such as biosem - Wheedle your way (seminar), Lumosity (quiz), Restrict Align Ligate (collage), Flash Trix (photography Competition), Brain Hacker (stress interview) etc. for the students of life science courses.The objective of this Fest is to inspire and encourage young budding scientists of Life Sciences to exhibit their talents and creativity. Dr C Vaman Rao, head and professor Department of Biotechnology, NMAM Institute of Technology, will inaugurate the decennial celebration. The function begins at 9.00 am at Eric Mathias Hall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11798819", "title": "Murder bid in Kasara: Cops to look into 'threats'", "text": "MUMBAI: Officials from the Thane rural deputy superintendant's office will visit 19-year-old Vaibhavi Pednekar on Wednesday to inquire into the threats she has allegedly been receiving.Vaibhavi's widowed mother, Smita, and her paramour, Sanjay Kumar , had strangled her and left her for dead in Kasara last month. While Smita was arrested later, Sanjay, an Ayurvedic doctor, is still on the run. Vaibhavi is recuperating at a nursing home in Dahisar.\"I received a phone call from the Maharashtra State Commission for Women, informing that Vaibhavi has been receiving threatening SMSs. My officers will visit her on Wednesday,\" said deputy SP (Shahapur division) C S Devraj. The women's commission has taken up Vaibhavi's case and members said they would ensure the teenager's safety and rehabilitation. \"We have learnt that Vaibhavi is being pressured to not talk about the incident and retract her statement,\" said Kanta Pandit, deputy secretary of the womens' commission. However, deputy SP Devraj said there was no way Vaibhavi could retract her statement now as a cognizable case had been lodged for attempt to murder and would go to court for trial.\"Our investigating officers found that Vaibhavi is being looked after by two aunts of hers and they are as keen as Vaibhavi to nail Smita and Sanjay for their offence,\" Devraj said.A district women and child development officer from the womens' commission would also visit Vaibhavi soon to offer requisite counselling, medical aid and counselling.\"Vaibhavi's relatives did not permit our official to meet her on Monday. We will wait for her to get a discharge from the nursing home before meeting her again,\" Pandit said.The Kasara police will also be checking whether Sanjay's academic certificates are genuine and whether he is qualified to be an Ayurvedic practitioner. Sanjay met Smita six years ago while treating her son who suffers from a neurological disorder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11801375", "title": "In heart of east, infrastructure on verge of collapse", "text": "MUMBAI: If there is one ward in the city that ranks among those that Mumbaikars think need urgent revamping, it is L, which comprises Kurla, Chunabhatti and Naupada. The state of infrastructure here is precarious. The problems, to name a few, are narrow roads, congestion even during off-peak hours, illegal constructions, flooding and monsoon landslides.In the neighbouring N ward, which comprises Ghatkopar, Vikhroli and Vidyavihar, things are not as bad, but locals continue to be troubled by unplanned development, vanishing open spaces, poor drainage and bad roads. In Kurla, 80% of residential buildings, commercial structures and slum hutments are unauthorized, according to civic estimates. A local said the worst areas in this regard are Qureshi Nagar and Kasai Wada. \"Here, if the BMC serves a notice on someone for building code violations, the person obtains a stay order and resumes adding floors illegally.\"A civic activist, Anil Galgali, said there are about 1.5 lakh structures in the area that the civic body has no idea of.Activists say a nexus of police officers, BMC officials, politicians and criminals has thwarted all attempts to check illegal constructions. In 2008-09, slumlords and local politicians were found involved in the phenomenon. A departmental inquiry was initiated against 133 civic officials, including ward engineers and mukadams, for abetting it; nine engineers were found guilty.A former assistant municipal commissioner, who served in Kurla for four years, said most civic employees want to be transferred to L ward so that they can make money. This, despite occasional crackdowns by senior BMC officials. In 2006, for example, the deputy municipal commissioner suspended 10 engineers serving in the ward. The ward is also prone to landslides. In the last 27 years, 200 people have died in more than 25 landslides in Jarimari, Sunderbaug, Sanjay Nagar, Khadi No 3 and Mohili Village.In N ward, lack of planning is glaring. The face of unplanned development can be seen as soon as one steps out of Ghatkopar station: big malls on narrow, congested lanes and autorickshaws jostling for space with private vehicles.Characterizing the ward are a lack of open spaces, poor drainage and bad roads. While numerous high-rises have come up in the last few years, civic amenities continue to be inadequate, making life difficult for locals. In areas like Pant Nagar, Ghatkopar (East), residents have to wade through knee-deep water every monsoon.\"There is no proper drainage system. Rainwater never flows out smoothly, leading to waterlogging every monsoon,\" said Vidya Shanbhag, a resident.Since stagnant water breeds disease, it is no wonder that 17,886 diarrhoea cases have been reported in the area in the last three years--according to the NGO Praja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11798476", "title": "ACB starts probe against supplier of security belts", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after submitting the report on the multi-crore scam over procuring bomb disposal suits, the anti-corruption bureau on Tuesday suo motu initiated a probe into the purchase of multifunctional waist belts by the BMC.\"We found that there was a huge difference between the amounts of money that the state police and the civic body paid for the same belts. While the state police bought a belt for Rs 1,980, the BMC paid Rs 10,743. With certain quarters expressing doubts over the difference in the prices, we decided to suo motu start a probe into the deal,'' a senior ACB official told TOI. According to reports, it is the same person who controls the firms, which supplied the multifunctional belts to the BMC and the police as well as the bomb disposal suits to the home department.Following a report in TOI on August 28, 2011, some corporators had demanded an explanation from the civic administration over the astronomical amount the civic body had to pay for the multifunctional belts. Following that, the civic body had entrusted the investigation with its vigilance branch.Going by the official records, the BMC bought 1,642 belts for Rs 10,743 each from a supplier in Mumbai who sold 50,000 belts to the state police for Rs 1,980 each. At the same time, in an online advertisement, a similar product, supposedly made in China, was on offer for Rs 720 a piece.This disparity was brought to the notice of municipal commissioner Subodh Kumar by senior IPS officer P K Jain, now vice-chairman and managing director of Maharashtra State Security Corporation, a company set up by the government. Jain had at that time written twice to Kumar. In the first letter dated July 15, 2011, Jain mentioned the tender that the BMC floated to buy the all-weather belts. A similar tender was floated by the state police as well and both the tenders were bagged by two different firms, which were promoted by the same person. \"Belts were supplied to the state police at a much lower price, compared to the rates quoted for BMC.... I would request you to kindly call for all the relevant files... and cause a detailed probe into the malpractices followed by the firm and officials of the fire brigade department... other orders placed on the said firm may also kindly be looked into,\" Jain had written.It was on the basis of Jain's statement that the ACB recommended criminal proceedings against the firm, which supplied the bomb disposal suits to the state police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11801051", "title": "HUDA officer sacked for misleading", "text": "GURGAON: HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar has removed the estate officer II with immediate effect after it was found that a misleading report prepared by him was behind the failure of the free parking initiative at the Sector 29 market.Two months ago, Kumar had made parking at the market free for the visitors. The decision was challenged by the parking contractor in Punjab and Haryana high court and succeeded in getting a stay order. The decision to remove the estate officer II, Mukesh Solanki, was taken by Kumar after he saw the court order. \"I was shocked to see the order. I checked the records and found out that the report of the estate officer II office was misleading and deliberately overlooked the fact that parking at the market had been made free.\"Solanki had prepared the report and signed on the affidavit which was submitted in the high court. \"This is a classic case of how a parking contractor gets his work done using all legitimate and illegitimate means. I'm not going to spare anyone and make sure that right facts are presented before the court,\" said Kumar. Solanki has gone on leave and the administration is directly monitoring the estate office II now. The private contractor approached the court saying HUDA didn't advertise about the tender.\"Incorrect facts were presented before the court and that's how the private contractor secured a stay order allowing it to operate the parking site till further notice. Had the court been informed that HUDA's move was meant to benefit the city's residents, the ruling would have been different,\" said Kumar. The HUDA chief has now moved an application in the court seeking early hearing of the case. The Sector 29 market attracts hundreds of visitors daily and parking fee collection runs into thousands of rupees. To make the market more popular, HUDA introduced free parking, similar to that in Khan Market in Delhi, an instant hit with the shopkeepers and restaurant owners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11800328", "title": "Ajit Pawar promises metro in 5 years if given majority", "text": "PUNE: Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar on Tuesday said the metro would roll in Pune in five years if Puneites brought the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) to power.\"I can get the metro rolling in five years. Give us the majority and I will solve the city's traffic problems. We stand for an underground metro in congested areas. Though it is an expensive option compared to the elevated metro, we support the underground metro as it is the sustainable answer to traffic problems,\" he told reporters at the Pune Union of Working Journalists (PUWJ).He said he supported allocation of 4 to 7 Floor Space Index (FSI) in locations close to the proposed metro stations. \"This will help development of the city. Commuters using the metro could reach their residence by walking if residential accommodation is made available near metro stations,\" he said.The NCP will first take up completion of the ring road project, if they get a majority in the civic body. \"Heavy vehicles entering the city should be stopped immediately. There are many problems in completing the ring road around city as land acquisition is a major issue. But, we have to take bold steps and complete the ring road,\" he said.\"We could not complete the BRTS project and bring more buses to the city because of differences between political parties. We have shown what we can achieve. Go and see how the NCP has developed Pimpri Chinchwad. Give us chance to do the same in Pune,\" he said.Pawar refuted allegations by BJP leader Gopinath Munde that the NCP is using money power in zilla parishad and civic elections.He said that Munde and Vilasrao Deshmukh are busy 'fixing' elections by helping each other. \"Because of the proximity between the BJP and Congress leader, BJP workers in Latur and Beed are joining the NCP,\" he said.Meanwhile, former deputy mayor Nandu Moze and former corporator Shivajirao Kshirsagar joined the NCP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11802582", "title": "Good turnout in Naxal-hitGadchiroli district", "text": "NAGPUR: It was the victory of democracy at Naxal-affected Gadchiroli, where more than 65% came out to cast their votes in the first phase of civic polls on Tuesday. Also no major incidents were reported in the district despite several threats from the rebels. Though, Naxals tried to disrupt the polling at Khamtala Village in Dhanora tehsil, their resistance disappeared after a brief encounter.Polls for 33 ZP seats and 66 Panchayat Samiti seats in seven tehsils were conducted in the northern part of Gadchiroli. On February 12, the second round of the polling would take place in the southern part of the district.The polling in Korchi tehsil has been rescheduled after the five candidates in two ZP and four Panchayat Samiti seats withdrew their nominations in their so-called protest against the government policies. But, it was learnt that Naxal threat, urging the tribal population to boycott the election, played a crucial role in postponing the elections.Tumultuous Naxal threat and their boycott call against the elections had triggered tension in the district, already in the grip of rebel violence. Naxals further gave a deadly blow to the election process by murdering panchayat samiti chairman and president of Block congress committee of Bhamragarh in January last month.Gadchiroli district collector Abhishek Krishna sounded upbeat about the high polling percentage. \"Around 60% polling was recorded even where there had been firing between Naxals and police. There had been no reports of any untoward incidents,\" he said. Krishna added that the polling percentage may further rise after the polling parties return to their bases. \"There were certain places from where the polling parties had to return to their bases on foot,\" he said.It is also learnt that the polling parties had to be airlifted from certain sensitive pockets with two choppers being pressed into services. Despite incidents like Dhanora firing, security forces maintained their dominance over the Naxals in the districts. It is learnt that there had been an explosion-like sound near Yerkad in Dhanora but nothing has been confirmed regarding the same.Superintendent of police, Gadchiroli, S Vireesh Prabhu said that security would be beefed up for the second phase of the polling in south Gadchiroli. \"We are certainly going to deploy a different strategy for the second phase of polling, as conducting a free and fair poll in the southern part of the district would be a bigger challenge,\" he said. It is learnt that several companies of Naxals have infiltrated from Chhattisgarh into Gadchiroli for disrupting the second phase of the election. Also, a police team managed to seize substantial cash to the tune of Rs 1.50 lakhs and 52 bottles of liquor from the campaign base of Congress candidate and former ZP President Bandopant Mallelwar in Amirjha village at Gadchiroli. Mallelwar is contesting from Maushi (Thamb)-Murmadi ZP seat.A special squad conducted the raid on the basis of a tip-off. Police arrested Mallelwar's aide Amir Ali Nathani, who owns the building housing the campaign office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11801583", "title": "CBI looking into MEA complaint on gifts scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI is examining a complaint from the ministry of external affairs that gifts bought by the ministry to be given to foreign dignitaries were allegedly purchased at inflated costs by circumventing rules. Agency sources said they were examining the complaint. \"We have not registered any preliminary enquiry (PE) or a regular case (RC) in the matter yet,\" a CBI officer said.The MEA had sent the request to CBI for a probe as its preliminary investigation revealed that the gifts to be given by foreign minister S M Krishna to foreign dignitaries were purchased at inflated costs and were of inferior quality.The rules state that such gifts could only be purchased from state emporiums to promote indigenous art forms. However, Assam and Madhya Pradesh emporiums had informed the ministry that they had signed memorandums of understanding with some private players for the supply of artifacts, MEA said in an RTI response.In its reply to activist Subhash Agrawal, the MEA said, \"Preliminary investigation conducted by the ministry could not establish prima facie any clear involvement or complicity of the concerned officials of this ministry. The CBI has, therefore, been requested to undertake a detailed investigation into the matter. Action against those found guilty is contemplated only after the completion of the CBI inquiry.\"The ministry said that during its preliminary investigation, it was found that gifts were purchased at much higher prices than their actual cost. The scam came to light after reports that several gifts, which were purchased for foreign dignitaries during Krishna's visit to Malaysia and Myanmar , were of inferior quality and purchased at a higher price.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11800789", "title": "Don\u2019t push liberal arts to sidelines, says Murthy", "text": "KOCHI: The undue emphasis placed on engineering and medical courses in India, in particular Kerala, has pushed the liberal arts to the sidelines, said Infosys chairman emeritus N R Narayana Murthy on Tuesday.He was speaking on the occasion of the release of 'Mikacha India, Mikavutta Lokam', the Malayalam translation of his book 'One India, One World' at the DC Books fair in Kochi.The book is a compilation of over 150 speeches Murthy has delivered in the last 20 years.He said liberal arts like commerce, literature, sociology and anthropology have enabled people to realize that growing one's values cannot be divorced from the process of knowledge gathering. \"The push towards getting admission into medical and engineering courses has been seen in the US and Europe too. But as economic development gathers pace and poverty levels fall in India, we will again realize the significance of liberal arts in our lives,\" Murthy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11803852", "title": "Former flatmates Bipasha, Milan and Dipannita turn co-actors", "text": "Bipasha Basu, Milind Soman and Dipannita Sharma will share screen space in Ashwini Chaudhary's Jodi BreakersThey were flatmates once. They shared a single bedroom apartment between the three of them. They also shared a bizarre romantic equation in real life. And now, Bipasha Basu , Milind Soman and Dipannita Sharma have come together for the first time in a film. The actors who used to share an apartment during their early days in the Hindi cinema industry, will share screen space in Ashwini Chaudhary's upcoming venture Jodi Breakers.The three friends share a rather fascinating relationship. While Bipasha and Milind, as strugglers in the industry, had been dating each other, Milind had later moved on and dated his other flatmate Dipannita. And despite this weird love triangle, the three have remained fast friends.The former flatmates set the sets of Jodi Breakers on fire, revealed director Chaudhary. \"I had finalised Shehnaz Treasurywala for the role that Dipannita plays in the film. It was Bipasha who requested me to cast her former flatmate. She told me how they stayed together as strugglers in the industry. Jodi Breakers is Bipasha's first romantic comedy and she wanted to have her close friends on the sets with her,\" added Chaudhary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11800815", "title": "DMRC draft may derail Metro plans", "text": "KOCHI: Two state government departments have raised objections over certain clauses in the draft agreement proposed by Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC), which in turn could delay the city's metro project.Kochi Metro Rail Ltd (KMRL) sources said, the two departments have opposed the draft agreement stating that it would give too much power to DMRC, managing director, Mangu Singh.\"The agreement clearly states when there is a dispute over project implementation, DMRC managing director will have the last word. It also states that DMRC can give subcontracts to any contractor of their choice and they have the last say in technology used for the Metro,\" said a senior official. KMRL sources also pointed out that the finance department had raised reservations as any cost escalation of the project would favour DMRC.\"There are clauses which imply that the state government would pump in funds and will have no power to interfere in the project. There is lot of ambiguity in the draft agreement which has been put forward before the government. Hence the agreement needs to be revised,\" sources said.Meanwhile, law department secretary C P Ramaraja Prema Prasad told TOI that he was unaware of any such development.\"I am completely unaware of these files and I have not come across any related to the draft agreement forwarded by DMRC on Kochi Metro project. But it is possible that the file may have come to some junior official in the department,\" he said.Finance department, principal secretary V P Joy also stated that he was not aware of the latest development on Kochi Metro project.According to sources, two state government departments opposed the draft agreement stating that it would give too much power to DMRC, managing director Mangu Singh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11801349", "title": "Telangana staff to lay siege to Hyderabad on March 20", "text": "HYDERABAD: Unveiling plans to kick-start another round of agitation from Feb 12, government employees in Telangana threatened to lay siege to the city on March 20 if the state government failed to honour the assurances made to the employees, who were on a 42 day strike.The decision to renew the non-cooperation movement was taken at a meeting of the Telangana employees joint action committee (TEJAC) that was attended by representatives from at least 250 departments from across the region. Employees voiced concern at the steep rise in instances of oppressive measures against those who actively participated in the movement. Employees of all hues at the meeting opinioned that the state government was implementing Chapter VIII of the Srikrishna Committee report by targeting proactive leaders fighting for the cause.Employee leaders said they would strictly implement the 'work-to-rule' concept by ensuring that offices are not opened before 10.30 am and no employee stays on the premises after 5 pm From March 5. \"If there is no response from the government, all employees from the region, including those on contract and outsourced will lay siege to the city on March 20,\" said TJAC convenor and TNGO president M Swami Goud.The state government is yet to fulfill assurances made to us for calling off the sakala janula samme. We are being forced to launch another round of serious agitation because of the indifferent attitude of the state government towards government employees including teachers and workers in Telangana, said a TJAC leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11801401", "title": "Nashikites fight to remain fit and healthy", "text": "NASHIK: The city's oldest gymnasium-Yeshwant Vyayamshala-is facing a closure threat after it was issued a showcause notice by the district administration on expiry of its land lease.But this has not gone down well with the health conscious citizens as they have started a signature campaign to keep it running.Nearly 19 years after Yeshwant Vyayamshala, located in the heart of the city along the Mahatma Gandhi Road, failed to renew the lease that expired in 1992 it was issued a closure notice during the second week of December.The caretakers of the gymnasium say they have been following up regularly with the authorities concerned from 1992 to get the lease renewed but nothing has been done. They were issued a showcause notice, and a reply was also sent but it just ended there.\"We also provided them (the district administration) with the necessary documents to prove our claim. We are trying to get the lease extended from 1992 and have been following up since then. We also met Narayan Rane at Mumbai in 2007 when he was the revenue minister. He wrote a remark that an extension of 30 years be given to us. We took the letter to the revenue commissioner who instructed the district collector to do the needful but nothing has been done,\" says Anand Khare, secretary of the Vyayamshala. \"We have all the documents with us. Now the present collector is telling us that we did not do anything since 1992.\"To encourage sports activities in the city, Yeshwant Vyayamshala was set up on a land given by the government on a nominal lease of Re 1. \"We train members and provide them with the best facilities for minimum fees. Some members cannot even afford to pay fees and we do not even ask them,\" says Deepak Patil, chief of the gymnasium. He says that they did not charge any fees for basketball and malkhamb and also for people who use only the jogging track. \"We have to pay eight coaches, cleaning staff and maintain the instruments, light bill, etc.\"Khare adds that no commercial use has been made by the gym and on the contrary they have been asking the administration since 1992 to at least collect the rent for use of the place, even if they plan not to extend the lease. \"They asked us to pay the total amount of the rent at the time when the lease is extended,\" he says.But district collector P Velrasu says that the lease was for a particular period and that after it got over in 1992, it has not been renewed. \"They are already late by 19 years, which is a long time. Even now I have only given them a notice,\" he says.Meanwhile, the office-bearers of the gym say that the signature drive would continue and that they will try their best to retain the place. They also claim that they have the support of all the members, parents of the students and many sports organisations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11800145", "title": "Snatching continues", "text": "NASHIK: Despite heavy police deployment for the elections, incidents of chain-snatching continue o occur in the city. A chain worth Rs 30,000 was snatched off a woman waiting for a rickshaw near the Mhasoba Temple on Nashik-Pune road was snatched by two motorcycle-borne youth.The victime, Ujwala Salve, 39, who is a resident of Omsai Residency, Gosavinagar was waiting for a rickshaw when her chain worth Rs 30,000 was snatched. Police say the chain snatchers do a recce of the area and figure out the escape routes, as they are aware of the heavy police presence.Though the police have undertaken a drive to curb crime in the city, incidents like chain-snatching continue unabated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11801854", "title": "Master plan to improve ailing Hamidia's health", "text": "BHOPAL: Nine months after minister of state for medical education Mahendra Hardia first mooted an idea, officials on Wednesday would get down to discuss broad contours of master plan of the Hamidia Hospital Gandhi Medical College complex.Once in an agreement, they will lay down the guidelines to the Environmental Planning and Coordination Organisation ( EPCO), the likely consultant, to offer suggestions to implement the master plan in best possible manner.Speaking to TOI, Bhopal divisional commissioner Praveen Garg said, \"Instead of haphazard development work, the idea is to develop the hospital and the college in a phased manner. A long-term vision is needed to utilise limited availability of space.\"\"Our resolve is to make the GMC and its associated hospitals a leader in tertiary care. We have undergraduate and post-graduate students,\" said Dean GMC Dr Nirbhay Shrivastava.Ongoing projects like up-gradation of departments is one of the most ambitious projects, which would lead to an increase of 46 more seats in post-graduate courses in departments of the college.A team from the central government, looking into raising the number of specialists' doctors, had recommended better facilities in physiology and clinical departments of the GMC.A state-of-the-art trauma unit, cardiology science centre, additions to dialysis unit, gastroenterology unit are in the pipeline.Hardia plans construction of a 1500-bed extension wing and another super-speciality wing of 500 beds. The chief minister had also mooted construction of about 7 new wings after razing old and dilapidated wards.Referring to the minister and CM's announcements, experts point out that arbitrary announcements at times create more problems. \"Random proposals are often not backed by funds and by the time the funds are released and physical works commences, the cost escalates,\" said a senior administrator seeking anonymity. \"A point in case is the centre-funded sports complex building and the demolishing a brand new partition for making room for a dialysis machines,\" he added.Alarmed over a 20% drop in OPD and In-patients during in 2011-12 from the last year and about 60 doctors applying for deputation postings, the governing body meets on Wednesday to chalk out a plan for its future.Sources said, about 60 doctors have applied for a no-objection-certificate from the authorities, seeking to pursue employment or deputation in other institutions. The specialists get offers of attractive pay package and better growth prospects in other institutions, sources added. Experts have often insisted that Hamidia hospital should have referral cases and super-specialities.The scene for patients is not healthy either. The sharp decline in the OPD and in-patient registrations is being linked to better private hospital options, lack of hospitality and poor facilities in the government-run hospitals.If the authorities go ahead with the master plan, the sprawling grounds in front of the GMC and the hospital would be utilized for further construction. Both pieces of land have not been utilized so far.A thorough overhauling of the GMC-Hamidia hospital complex has been long pending. With the growth of city and rise in population, it should have been done long back, a senior professor of medical college maintains. \"Hopefully, Wednesday would herald a new dawn for Hamidia hospital.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11802077", "title": "Stones pelted at cops for towing vehicle", "text": "INDORE: Traffic cops had to face the wrath of the people when they went to remove the vehicles parked in no parking zones in Sanyogitaganj area, here on Tuesday.The trouble began when one Mukesh Singh Goyal began protesting and was later joined by others. They protested the police action and even allegedly stoned the vehicles on roads. They broke the glass of many vehicles including a bus. This created panic among the shopkeepers in the area who downed their shutters. The issue was resolved when the cops reached the spot and pacified the agitators. Traffic constable Prakash Kangle lodged an FIR with Sanyogitaganj police against Mukesh. Section 153 of IPC was slapped against the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11801013", "title": "800 cops for President's smooth ride", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Amid tight security cover, President Pratibha Patil arrived in Chandigarh around 4.30pm on Tuesday. Her convoy straightaway went towards Haryana Raj Bhawan, where Patil will stay during the night.Police was deployed in strength on the route which Patil's convoy was to take. Traffic was also stopped at various points, for some time, to ensure free roads.This also led to traffic jam at various places, including traffic light point near airport.''Patil will stay at Raj Bhawan and she will leave for Kurukshetra in a helicopter on Wednesday morning. She is going there to attend the convocation of Kurukshetra University,\" said a police official here. Over 800 cops were on security duty to ensure smooth drive for Patil in Chandigarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11801702", "title": "Now, BJP left without nominee in Bastarwari", "text": "NAGPUR: Congress gave a walk over to BJP in Deekhshabhoomi/Shankar Nagar ward by failing to field a candidate there for Nagpur municipal body elections. Now, BJP seems to be returning the favour as it has been left with no nominee in Bastarwari ward after rejection of its official choice Yogesh Gonnade.Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) released the final list of candidates for the February 16 elections after the completion of symbol distribution process on Tuesday. Two candidates - Pranit Kumar Jambhule (Congress) and Ramdas Gudadhe (Lokbharti) - remain in fray from Bastarwari ward-17 in North Nagpur. There is nobody from BJP-Sena-RPI(A) alliance.The seat was with BJP. Sitting corporator from Juni Mangalwari ward 73 in Central Nagpur Yogesh Gonnade was the official BJP candidate. However, owing to caste validity issues, his nomination form was rejected.BJP city president Anil Sole told TOI that BJP has now declared support to Gudadhe who, however, would not be able to use Lotus symbol. Gonnade was elected in 2007 as a candidate of Adim Sanvidhan Sanrakshan Samiti and joined BJP a few months ago. BJP rested its sitting corporator Eknath Kumbhare to pave way for Gonnade thus receiving a double jolt.BJP cracks the whip, expels 6NAGPUR: BJP's plan to field candidates in Sena's four official seats in civic body elections have also been shattered. On the day of withdrawal of nomination forms, BJP had fielded Manish Titermare from Ramna Maroti ward against Sena's Kishor Kumeriya, Shripad Patel from Shanti Nagar ward against Sena's Gopal Yadav, Amrapali Meshram from Gayatri Mandir ward against Sena's Sarika Doifode, and Nisha Bhoyar from Bastarwari ward against Sena's Alka Dalal. Luckily for Sena, only one of four - Patel - could get BJP's symbol as the remaining three had filled the nomination forms as independent.Sena's own two candidates fielded in seats that have officially gone to BJP in alliance have got Sena's symbol. Vijay Chikte from Wathoda ward will contest against BJP's Praveen Narad and Sanjana Deshmukh from RPTS ward against BJP's Nirmala Bavane. BJP has also expelled six party leaders for contesting as rebels against the party's official candidate including senior corporator Subhash Aparajit from Sai Mandir, Paresh Joshi from Khamla, Manoj Chafle from Lakadganj, sitting corporator Rekha Ghime from Bhandewadi, Pramod Chikle from Mahal, and Prabhakar Dhawade from Buteshwar Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "11801796", "title": "Medha rejects Basava award", "text": "BELGAUM: Social activist Medha Patkar (in pic) has rejected the prestigious Basava award for 2010 which was conferred on her citing Karnataka government's inability to take action on the mining scam and resolve the Lokayukta controversy.Patkar, who was here to attend a function told TOI that she was declining the award after consultation with her friends. She also said she was honoured to have been chosen for the award instituted in memory of the 12th century social reformer Basavanna. The award carried a cash prize of Rs 10 lakh and a citation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11799291", "title": "Assault on panchayat member leads to clash", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The attack on sarpanch of Singarva village on Monday led to clash between two groups on Tuesday where a woman member of panchayat was assaulted by a group and the assailants were then attacked by her supporters. Police have registered cross-complaints.Odhav police said that Chaman Thakor, 45, was assaulted on Monday morning by Javansinh Chauhan, 60, former sarpanch Fatesinh's father, and his grandchildren Prithvisinh and Abhesinh because of grudge over his win in panchayat polls. Thakor had filed a complaint of attempt to murder.\"In retaliation, Daksha Thakor, member of the panchayat and supporter of Chaman, was allegedly attacked by a group led by Shailesh Chauhan near Khodiar mata temple at 10 am on Tuesday and robbed her off her gold chain worth Rs 25,000 and Rs 10,000 cash and fled from the spot,\" said an Odhav police official. tnnInvestigators added that Chauhan has filed a complaint against Thakor and her supporters for assaulting him and his supporters over clash on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "11801129", "title": "Singer Janaki hospitalised", "text": "TIRUMALA: Popular playback singer S Janaki, 73, was hospitalised on Tuesday after she suffered a head injury. Her condition is stable now, said doctors.While some TV channels started airing the news that her condition was serious and that she may be shifted to Chennai for better treatment, SVIMS doctors held a press conference stating that the condition of the veteran singer is better and that she is recuperating. SVIMS director Vengamma said the doctors had removed the blood clot and treated the wounded portion with seven sutures. \"Soon after admitting her, a scan was taken and there was no internal injury detected. She is doing well. There's nothing to worry,\" she said. Doctors brushed aside media reports that Janaki went into a coma. The singer's son also told the media that Janaki is doing well.She was here to attend the marathon concert 'Sri Annamacharya Sankeertana Yagnam'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11800221", "title": "Unregularised colonies not to get 90A benefits", "text": "JAIPUR: While the provisions for 90-A have delighted many, the hopes of those staying in unregularised colonies are shattered as the provisions have not proved beneficial to them.According to a senior official of Jaipur Development Authority (JDA), after scrapping the controversial 90-B, the scope of earning revenue for state government has increased by regularizing the colonies. However, there are around 600 colonies which might fall out of league. \"It would be very difficult for the authorities to regularize colonies falling under the ecological zone, colonies under Anti Corruption Bureau (ACB) investigation and colonies developed on JDA and Rajasthan Housing Board (RHB) land,\" said an official.\"There are around 250 - 275 colonies falling under the ecological zone as per Master Plan 2025 and majority of them are situated on Agra road,\" he said.\"The ecological area of new master plan is being increased as compared to the previous plan,\" he added. Also, around 150 colonies are waiting for ACB's final report so that the procedure of regularization can begin.Residents of unregularised housing schemes developed on JDA and RHB land will continue to be deprived of basic facilities such as roads, drainage etc till they get any permission from state government. There are around 100 such unregularised colonies in the city. \"To seek directions, we approached state government for regularizing such colonies. We have also planned to organize camps during Parashan Sheron Ke Sang after receiving permission. However, till date, no directions have been received,\" said an official. These colonies are also facing difficulties as they are not developed as per the building planning committee (BPC) norms. To get regularized, it is necessary for the developer to reserve 40% area as facility area for parks, roads etc.An official claimed that apart from these colonies, the authorities will try to regularize colonies soon. \"We are trying to resolve the cases of houses having multiple land leases,\" he said.\"We will try to listen to both parties and in case they are ready to settle, the JDA will regularize their house,\" he said. Also, in colonies where more than 50% area has been constructed, will be regularized as per the state government direction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11800615", "title": "Tigers' roar causes animal shuffle at Bondla", "text": "PANAJI: They may be caged and out of harm's way, but yet the tigers' roar frightens other animals at the Bondla zoo.A relocation of the carnivorous and herbivorous animals at the Bondla zoo to an area in a lower decibel range may bring some relief to them. \"The shifting is part of a master plan for the complete zoo and it is being done according to central zoo authority (CZA) guidelines,\" D N F Carvalho, deputy conservator of forests (wildlife and eco tourism) said.\"We have recently separated the carnivores -two tigers, a leopard and five jackals-from the herbivorous animals,\" Carvalho added.The entire layout of the zoo has been determined by the animals' diet. \"The grouping of animals will be done according to their diet,\" Bondla range forest officer Paresh Porob said.The herbivores at the zoo- three black bucks, four spotted deer, five four-horned antelopes, including two pairs of males and females and a fawn, and 12 sambars-have a separate space at the zoo.The tiger couple, Rana and Sandhya, arrived from India Gandhi zoological park, Vishakhapatnam, in exchange for a bison in July 2009. They have added value to the animal collection at the Bondla zoo, which is turning out into a major attraction not only for tourists but even the local populace.But though all the animals are in separate cages, the animal enclosures were rather cluttered in a small area. The upgradation plan envisages spreading them around. \"We will try to restrict exposure of the animals to visitors to only 25% to 35%,\" he added.Explains Porob, \"The viewing points will only be about 25% of the total perimeter of the enclosures as per the new principle of zoo designing.\"All enclosures are walled (not caged any longer) to prevent animals from jumping out. \"In these dry moated enclosures, people can look at the animals without any barriers,\" a zoo official added.Three black bucks and 12 sambars have been provided a bigger space of 10,000 sq m each in two separate enclosures. \"The space for black bucks is actually sufficient for ten, but it is done keeping future requirements in mind,\" the official said.The new enclosures have been designed to simulate the habitats of each species of animals. \"It is either it is a grassland or planting of saplings depending on the diet of the animals,\" the source said.The Bondla zoo was set up in 1978 with a few wild boars, leopards, monkeys, snakes and deer.The size of the deer population at the zoo now has promoted officials to consider reviving the deer safari soon. Aviaries for forest and wetland birds are being planned. \"A few egrets, parrots and finches are some of the birds which will be seen in the future,\" an official said.Zoo authorities plan to design new signages, which will aim at providing detailed information to visitors. \"These will be more for educative purposes,\" sources said.The officials are drawing up blue prints for a reptile house. This will be located between the carnivores -a leopard, two tigers and two jackals -and the herbivores. \"We will have crocodiless and snakes under one roof , but partitioned off,\" Porob said. Two crocodile couples and 13 hatchlings have swelled the croc population at the zoo.\"The croc babies have grown to about 40cm,\" Porob said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11800885", "title": "Valentine's Day: After 50 yrs of marriage, he gifted her a teddy", "text": "CHANDIGARH: What has the festival of love got to do with age? Nothing really.City-based couple Gurbachan Singh Gandhoke, 81, and Raminder Kaur, 76, who married on January 16, 1955, have been celebrating Valentine's Day for years. This time, too, their preparations are in full swing.Raminder said, \"We have been celebrating the day since 2005a?\u00a6 our granddaughter Simrita introduced us to the fest. She even makes sure that we celebrate the entire Valentine's Week. Over the years, we now look forward to the day.\"Every year, after celebrating the week, the couple cut a cake and go out for a candle-light dinner.On Tuesday, the Rose Day, the couple gifted each other a bunch of red roses.About her Valentine's gifts, Raminder said, \"In 2005, on our first V-Day, Gurbachan gifted me a heart-shaped teddy bear. I will always cherish that moment.\"Simrita, 28, said, \"In 2005, when I returned here from Delhi to pursue MBA, I shared the idea with my grandfather. And, we decided to gift grandmother something on Valentine's Day. Then, I bought a teddy bear which he presented to her. She was toucheda?\u00a6 her blush showed that. Since then, I have been buying gifts for her on my grandpa's behalf.\"With each passing day, their 57-year-old bond is only getting stronger. \"My grandparents are adorable even in their everyday fights. They cannot part even for a day,\" Simrita smiled.Narrating their \"Jab we met\" tale, Gurbachan said, \"In those days, people were shy to express their feelings, but it worked for me. She was pretty and many boys liked her. One of my cousins, too, liked Raminder. But before he could propose to her, my father approached her family. And we were soon married.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11801149", "title": "Protest over power cuts", "text": "COIMBATORE: Irked over continuous unscheduled power cuts in the district, over 100 employees of various industrial units and many residents blocked the roads in the city in three areas, staging a sit in protest on Tuesday.The protest called by the Tamil Nadu Association of Cottage and Tiny Enterprise (TACT) saw healthy participation from industry workers and residents in Ganapathy, Sarvanampatti and Sowripalayam. In Ganapathy, traffic was disrupted for more than three hours. In Sowripalayam, residents and members of TACT blocked the road for an hour. They disbursed after police officials asked them to do so.Micro industries have been facing huge losses due to the unscheduled power cuts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11801915", "title": "India to share its $10 bn fighter selection experience with Brazil", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an unusual bilateral tie-up, India has agreed to share with Brazil some of its experiences of carrying out an open tender evaluation to select a fighter for the over $10 billion MMRCA (Medium Multi-Role Combat Aircraft) contract. Brazil is presently in the process of selecting a fighter for its air force.India conveyed its willingness to share some of its documentation on the MMRCA contract during a meeting between defence minister AK Antony and his Brazilian counterpart Celso Amorim.\"Brazil is in the process of buying a fighter jet. You have already reached the final stages of the fighter selection for the air force. They have promised to give us some documents on the selection process, such as basic rules on the tender process that we could compare to ours,\" Amorim told TOI.Amorim met Antony and national security advisor Shiv Shankar Menon on Monday in New Delhi, and the two sides held bilateral defence consultations at various levels.Amorim said Brazil was eager to learn from India's process of finalizing Rafale, the French fighter, for the over $10 billion MMRCA contract. It is one of the world's biggest defence tenders right now.Brazil is looking to buy 36 new fighters for its air force. The tender had left it open to the possibility of the number of fighters going up to 120. The tender could run into several billion dollars, though the initial estimate was just $2.2 billion. Brazil has already made a pre-selection of three fighters - Rafale, F-18 and Gripen-NG and one will finally be selected.\"Wherever there is a possibility we should always look for sharing of experience, of course while respecting confidentiality,\" Amorim said. \"Sharing of experience doesn't mean we follow your decision,\" he added. The minister also said they would be looking at discussing Indian experience of building a fifth generation fighter with Russia.Brazil is also providing India an exclusively developed catalogue of NATO military equipment, in which India was interested, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "jodheypur (ramabai nagar)", "code": "11801213", "title": "Villagers honing shoe hurling skills to greet 'liar politicians'", "text": "JODHEYPUR (RAMABAI NAGAR): All those who had hurled shoes or slippers at political leaders had one thing in common, they had missed the target. But the residents of Jodheypur village in Ramabai Nagar district do not want to miss the 'target'. For that, they are attending 'shoe throwing' practice sessions.\"It's a word of caution for all politicians and candidates visiting the village. They should not come here and if they want, then they come at their own risk. It's a mark of protest to boycott corrupt politicians and not elections,\" says Rajman, a villager Jodheypur, which lies in newly constituted Bhognipur Assembly constituency in Ramabainagar.The villagers have hung an effigy of a politician on a 'neem' tree with a slogan 'Netaji, road nahi to vote nahi'. They take position at a certain distance and hurl shoes at the effigy.The villagers said they had been promised of better roads besides other basic needs like electricity, drinking water facility. \"These politicians have been befooling our forefathers. Even after 65 years of Independence, our village is still without power, proper drinking water facilities and roads what to say about schools or agriculture sustainability. This time, we have decided to teach them a lesson,\" said Nanhke.\"They are an annoyed lot and angry over failed promises. About 900 voters of small hamlets of Durauli, Saheli and Jhabaiyya in Jodheypur, under Akbarpur tehsil, have decided to boycott the politicians for the forthcoming Assembly election,\" Jodheypur village pradhan Kake said. \"Whoever comes here for vote will be treated like this. I believe undeserving politicians need this to make it clear that even if you make laws, you are not above the law and if you don't abide by the law, then you have to abide by our sentiments,\" Kake added.Earlier, the village was a part of Sarwankheda Assembly seat, where Samajwadi Party's Ram Swaroop Singh was a winner in 2007 Assembly elections. Now, it comes under the newly constituted Bhognipur Aassembly constituency from where BSP's Dharampal Bhadauria, Congress party's Neetam Sachan, BJP's Rajesh Sachan and Samajwadi Party's Yogendra Pal are in the fray.Villagers held a meeting and decided to attend shoe throwing practice sessions. \"We will definitely cast our vote but not to corrupt politicians. There are no roads here despite Ram Swaroop Singh holding a responsible position in the state cabinet during Samajwadi Party regime. \"The elected representatives have never cared to solve our grievances,\" fumed Chedi Lal Kamal. \"If the villagers have opted such means to greet the politicians, I think there's nothing wrong in it,\" he added.A villager Lala Ram claimed that anti-politician campaign was started by him in the series of meetings. He suggested to restrict the movement of politicians in the village.Jodheypur has a population of about 1,500 to 1,600. Most of the villagers are farmers or labourers.Manoj Yadav said: \"Almost all the handpumps in the village are not in working condition. We have to bring water after travelling 5 to 10 kms on bicycles or bullock carts or we have to walk.\" Uma, another villager, said that she had been asked to spend Rs 500 for buying spare parts and Rs 200 for repairing a handpump situated in front of her house. \"This is not possible. We are poor people and can't afford Rs 700 to get the handpump repaired. Our village is deprived of medical facilities and we have to travel 20-30 kms to reach PHCs or CHCs,\" she added.\"None of the elected representatives revisit our village once the elections are over. Every time our demands remain unfulfilled. Now, we are ready to fight for our rights,\" said Laccho Devi.UP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11799232", "title": "Villagers taught food processing technologies", "text": "VARANASI: The first day of Solaris-2012, the sixth international conference on 'Energy Security, Global Warming and Sustainable Climate' began with acquainting common people with the importance and effective utilisation of solar energy followed by three technical sessions on Tuesday at Swatantrata Bhawan, Banaras Hindu University (BHU).The conference jointly organised by Centre for Energy Studies-Indian Institute of Technology (IIT)-Delhi, BHU and Bag Energy Research Society (BERS) witnessed some 200 participants, including research scholars, professors, scientists and environmentalists, from over 20 countries of the world.The day began with acquainting villagers with the food processing technologies by solar energy at solar house (BERS Complex) at Mahamana Nagar followed by tree plantation in the area. According to organising secretary and Prof of IIT-Delhi G N Tiwari, over 20 families from nearby villages of the district were informed about the importance of Sun as a source of energy and its utilisation for the various domestic purposes including day lighting and food processing. Experts from different countries with different climatic conditions discussed the methods of food processing, drying and heating of the spices and other food products with villagers and housewives.Prof G N Tiwari explained the heating and cooling of a greenhouse as the most energy consuming operation, earth air heat exchanger and thermal modeling. If the experts area to be believed, the increasing demand of electricity in the country and the limitations of conventional fuels, the use of renewable sources of energy has become very important at least 40-50% of energy can be saved if solar energy is used judiciously. The technical sessions however began with an inaugural lecture on 'Prospects of Energy in India' by Prof Lidia Szpyrkowicz, scientific attache, embassy of Italy, New Delhi, followed by discussion on 'Innovations in solar water heating' by Prof Brian Norton, Ireland, 'Solar Drying Technology: Developments and Potentials' by Prof B K Bala of Bangladesh and informative presentations of Prof H N Mishra, IIT Kharagpur on 'Post Harvest Handling and Management of Fruits and Vegetables'. Concept of day lighting, energy efficient designs of domestic and office buildings were discussed under the technical session.Dr Swapnil Dubey, from Solar Energy Research Institute of Singapore (SERIS), National University of Singapore explained at length the comparisons in performances of two different types of photovoltaic thermal (PVT) modules under Singapore climatic conditions. According to him, purpose of a solar photovoltaic module is to convert solar energy into electricity, however very small portion of the incident solar radiation is utilised by photovoltaic (PV) cells and the remaining radiations go in waste by converting itself into heat, photovoltaic thermal module is an alternative way to cool the PV cells. The simultaneous cooling of the PV cells maintains the efficiency of the PV cells and helps better utilising the solar radiation. A very significant and informative discussion on Energy from Lightning by Prof Jagdish Rai, IIT Roorkee was also held. Apart from that Prof B D Tripathi from BHU, Prof K S Reddy, IIT Madras, Prof N N Rao, Prof Christophe also formed an important part of the discussions on energy security, global warming and sustainable climate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11801513", "title": "'Meagre fund to develop Hyderabad infrastructure'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Road-users and beneficiaries of infrastructure should be made to share the cost of infrastructure development in the city, principal secretary, municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department B Sam Bob has said.Speaking at a seminar on 'Urban Transport Planning: Problems and Prospects' as part of the Comprehensive Transportation Study for the Hyderabad metropolitan region here on Tuesday, the principal secretary said there was paucity of funds to develop infrastructure required for the city.Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) metropolitan commissioner Rajeshwar Tiwari said a consultant was appointed to study traffic problems of selected areas, junctions and corridors in the HMDA limits from May 2011 to August 2011. These preliminary reports and recommendations have been posted on the website for inviting suggestions from citizens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11801605", "title": "UP polls: 38% candidates in third phase face criminal charges", "text": "LUCKNOW: The third phase of UP assembly elections 2012 has a considerable number of criminal candidates contesting the election. The Uttar Pradesh Election Watch (UPEW) has analysed affidavits of 317 candidates out of 1,029 candidates contesting the third phase of Uttar Pradesh 2012 assembly elections.Out of these 317 candidates analysed for the third phase, 121 candidates or 38 % declared criminal cases against them. In 2007 assembly elections for the whole of Uttar Pradesh, had 28% candidates declaring criminal cases against themselves.Among these 121 candidates of third phase, who have declared criminal cases against themselves, Brijesh Singh alias Arun Kumar Singh, who is contesting election from Saiyadraja constituency, on a ticket of Pragatisheel Manav Samaj Party, has declared maximum number of criminal cases.He has declared 39 criminal cases including 57 serious IPCs. He is followed by Atiq Ahmad of Apna Dal contesting from Allahabad West constituency with 44 criminal cases and 26 serious IPCs and Ajay Prakash Singh of Peace Party from Lambhua constituency with 21 cases and 18 serious IPCs.Amongst major parties, every party has given tickets to candidates who have declared criminal cases. SP has 30 out of 56 (54 %) such candidates, BSP has 21 out of 56 (38 %) of criminaol candidates, BJP has 25 out of 55 (46 %) candidates with criminal antecedents, INC has 16 out of 52 (31 %) criminal candidates, Peace Party has 4 out of 7 (57 %) of such candidates, JD(U) has 4 out of 34 (12 %) candidates with declared criminal cases.Out of these 121 candidates with declared criminal cases, 61 (19 %) have declared serious criminal cases like murder, attempt to murder, kidnapping, robbery, extortion against them. BJP has 11 such candidates, BSP has 10, SP has 18, Peace Party has 3, INC has 8, JD(U) has 1, Quami Ekta Dal has 3 and Apna Dal has 5 such candidates.A total of 122 (39%) candidates out of 317 analysed for the third phase, are crorepatis. In 2007, there were 22% crorepati candidates. The candidates with maximum assets in the third phase are Nand Gopal of BSP from Allahabad South constituency with assets worth Rs 95.26 crores followed by Tanveer of INC from Bhadohi with Rs 21.20 crores and Atiq Ahmad of Apna Dal from Allahabad constituency with assets worth Rs 20.79 crores.As many as six candidates have declared assets less than Rs 1 lakh. A total of 12 candidates out of 317 analysed declared liabilities of Rs 1 crore and above.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11799011", "title": "Cops on his trail, Yasin proved three times lucky", "text": "MUMBAI: Either Yasin Bhatkal has more lives than the proverbial feline or the cops have simply failed to plan their moves well when tracking him. The key Indian Mujaheedin (IM) operative gave Delhi Police's special cell the slip thrice in three months - Delhi and Chennai in November, Mumbai in December.Last November, Delhi Police arrested four IM men, including a Pakistani national Mohammed Adil, Mohammed Qateel Siddiqui, Gauhar Aziz Khomani and Gayoor Jamali from the capital's Nangloi area. During interrogations they told police that Yasin and his father-in-law Mohammed Irshad Khan fled the place immediately (November 24) as news of the arrests leaked out.Police then learnt that Yasin was staying with Irshad Khan at a relative's house in Selaiyur, Chennai. Sources said on November 27, the Delhi cops asked the Chennai police for help as they were unfamiliar with the local language. \"The Chennai police erred in using uniformed cops to corner the entire area where Bhatkal was believed to be hiding. Delhi Police then raided the place and arrested Irshad Khan and his associate Abdul Rahman , but Yasin was missing. Khan told police that Yasin, who was staying there for three days, had just gone to the market and was to return, but we believe he fled on seeing the uniformed policemen in the area,\" said a Delhi police official.Then in December last year, the infighting between Maharashtra's Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) and the Delhi Police special cell helped Yasin escape again, this time with his two Pakistani associates Waqqas and Tabrez, from Habib Apartment in Byculla, Mumbai.In fact Yasin, who also operates under the aliases Siddi Bappa and Shahrukh, had also proved lucky when he was arrested in November 2010 by the West Bengal police in a fake currency racket. \"Though several agencies kept looking for him all over India, he was very much in police custody and nobody knew. It was ridiculous,'' the policeman said.Yasin is the second in the IM hierarchy after Riyaz Bhatkal and is wanted for three terror attacks in 2010 -the German Bakery blast in Pune, the Jama Masjid shootout and blast in the capital and the Chinnaswamy stadium blast in Bangalore. While Riyaz and his elder Iqbal are in Pakistan , investigators believe that Yasin, too could have crossed the border by now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11800745", "title": "Navy fast tracks help for kin of personnel", "text": "KOCHI: The Indian Navy has established the Naval Regimental System (NRS) for the care and assistance of widows and next of kin of deceased naval personnel.The initiative, under the personal directive of the chief of naval staff, envisages formalising the hitherto informal support rendered to families of departed shipmates with that of naval administrative machinery.This will include, among other things, assisting them in speeding up the process of disbursal of entitlements due to the family after the passing away of the personnel. At Kochi, the command regimental system office has been set up at Southern Naval Command under the chairmanship of chief staff officer (personnel and administration).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "11802155", "title": "Jeweller looted of gold, cash in Rohtak", "text": "ROHTAK: Three armed robbers took away gold and cash valued several lakhs at gunpoint from a jewellery showroom on Tuesday morning. According to information, masked men followed the owner of Gupta Jewellers, Om Prakash, to his shop situated on the busy Jhajjar road, and threatened him with a revolver. They asked Om Prakash to hand over cash and the gold ornaments to them.Om Prakash told police: \"I was alone at the time. The three men entered my shop with their faces covered and asked me for the money and gold. They left after around 15 minutes and locked me in a cabin. The men escaped with 2.5kg gold ornaments and Rs 5 lakh.\" He said the robbers had parked their motorcycle around 50 metres away from the shop.According to the shopkeeper, the three men snatched the keys of the safe in which the jewellery was kept but were unable to open it. Then they pointed a pistol at Om Prakash and asked him to open the safe.\"They threatened to shoot me if I raised the alarm. I got the cash from a customer on Monday night and had kept it in the locker,\" he said.In the meantime, a police spokesperson said, \"No CCTV camera is installed in the shop. The registration number of the motorcycle was not noted. We are investigating the matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11800498", "title": "Jail breaker caught by locals, handed over to police", "text": "KOLKATA: A prisoner, who had escaped from Dum Dum central jail in November last year, was caught by residents of Saharpur in North 24-Parganas on Monday night. more than three months after he had escaped with four others from a prison van.Suman Bhadra, was later arrested by Ghola police.Bhadra had escaped from jail with four fellow inmates - Altaf Gaji, Saidul Sekh, Bishwanath Sardar and Baban Majumdar. The five were being brought back to the jail in a prison van from Barasat district court. As the van got stuck in a traffic jam on Jessore Road near the airport's gate no 2.5, the prisoners escaped after removing a wooden plank on the van's floor. An assistant-sub-inspector and three constables inside the prison van were suspended for negligence of duty.According to a local resident, Bhadra returned to his home at Muragacha in Ghola a few days ago after he went into hiding since escaping . He again engaged in crime.\"He was threatening some local businessman, demanding extortion money from them. But police could not trace him as he was operating the crimes from a hideout at Ghola,\" a local resident said.On Monday night, some local residents found a man loitering in front of a deserted house at Saharpur in Ghola. They rushed to him before he tried to flee the spot. Locals caught him and identified him as Suman Bhadra, the escapee prisoner. On being informed, a team from Ghola police station reached the spot and arrested Bhadra.\"Bhadra had earlier been arrested as a drug peddler. We are also looking for four other escapees and Bhadra is being interrogated in this connection,\" a senior police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11801949", "title": "Congress complains to EC about security lapses in Rahul\u2019s UP forays", "text": "NEW DELHI: The war of words between Congress and BSP got sharper with AICC accusing the UP administration of deliberate security lapses in Rahul Gandhi's election meetings. The complaint pertains to the Bundelkhand leg of Rahul's trip to the state when his public meetings were disturbed by protests and black flags.The party called these lapses \"serious and deliberate\", and asked the Election Commissioner to act.The accusation, aimed at the state government, can only add a sharper edge to the tussle between Congress and BSP who appear set to stay as rivals irrespective of the outcome of UP elections. While the complaint targets the state administration, it is clear that the party sees a BSP hand behind the disturbance in Rahul's meetings.In a written complaint to the EC, the Congress said volunteers of organizations like Ramdev Samarthak Manch, Matadata Jagaran Manch and Swabhiman Manch caused security breach in Rahul's programmes on January 19 at Baberu in Banda district, Orai in Jalaun district on January 18 and at Lalitpur on January 17.The Congress said in all these meetings, the disruptive volunteers had occupied the front row with large banners which could not have been missed by the local police and the administration. The party alleged it was done to disturb the Congress campaign, and the mode of protest adopted showed common planning to create chaos.\"This could not have taken place without the connivance or at the very least, the support of local administration,\" the complaint said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11800862", "title": "Immigration co had no licence for permits, visas", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Special Investigation Team (SIT) of Chandigarh police, which was constituted with a motive to crackdown on the shabby business of immigration/emigration companies in city, conducted raids on WWICS, Sector 22, one of the leading immigration companies.WWICS office was sealed on February 2 and Tuesday's raid was conducted in the presence of Protector of Emigrants (PoE), Chandigarh. \"In the raid, some incriminating documents, besides advertisements given by the WWICs regarding work permit have been taken into possession. They clearly shows that the company is issuing work permits without having licence, which is in contravention of the provisions of Emigration Act 1983,\" said a police official on late Tuesday.After sealing of its office, WWICS officials had also made a representation before the SSP and had raised some questions over the police probe. They claimed their website is a global portal, the work permit is meant for overseas clients and not for Indians; that the company is not dealing in work permits in India; that the company applied for renewal of their licence to the Ministry of External Affairs of India, New Delhi.It was found that 72% traffic on the global website of WWICS is from within India and it is evident from the fact that majority of audience in its global website are Indians. They also changed its global website, after action by SIT, and wrote that work permits are meant for overseas branches whereas before the action of SIT, no such condition of work permit was available on their global website,\" said the official. WWICS does not possess work permit certificate from Protector of Emigrants and its License is also invalid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11800991", "title": "Case against Nada Sahib gurdwara manager", "text": "PANCHKULA: Two days after a 35-year-old woman alleged that the manager of Nada Sahib gurdwara, Bhupinder Pal Singh, made an attempt to rape her, a case under Section 376 (rape) and Section 511(attempt to rape) of the IPC was registered against the latter on late Tuesday evening at the Chandimandir police station after the woman's statement was recorded. In her statement to the police, the woman stated how the manager tried to outrage her modesty in his office when she went there to ask him why had he beaten up her husband.\"Since the doctors had said that the victim was not in a position to give her statement that day, we recorded her statement and registered a case on Tuesday evening. We are investigating the matter and would also inquire from those present at the gurdwara at the time of the incident,\" said station house officer of the Chandimandir police station inspector Surinder Kumar.It was on February 5 evening that the woman, whose husband is a sevadar at the Nada Sahib gurdwara alleged an attempt to rape by the manager of the gurdwara when she went to the latter's office to know why he attacked her husband using a sword, a kirpan and a baton. Her husband had reportedly gone to confront Bhupinder Pal, as the woman had told him about his alleged dishonourable intentions towards her. The woman managed to escape following the manager's alleged attempt to rape her but she fell unconscious after she came out of his office.Both the woman and her husband, who was injured were rushed to the general hospital in Sector 6, where they have been admitted. The sevadar and his wife live in the employees quarters on the Nada Sahib gurdwara premises only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11798947", "title": "Tour agents fear dip in travel to Maldives", "text": "MUMBAI: The news of political unrest in the Maldives has caused apprehension among Indian travellers and tour operators, with the coming days likely to see tour cancellations.The archipelago's capital Male is connected to India by a daily flight. It is operated by Air India from Thiruvananthapuram. \"As of now, we have received no requests from the Indian government to operate additional flights for evacuation,\" said an Air India official. With only one flight connecting the two countries, holidays to this destination are booked months in advance, said Iqbal Mulla, president, Travel Agents' Association of India, adding that the tourism industry is expecting drastic cancellations in the coming days. He added that Maldives is not a destination for the middle-class tourist, it attracts a niche crowd.The president of Maldives resigned on Tuesday after a police mutiny following three weeks of political upheaval in the popular tourist destination. Early Tuesday, rebel police officers joined anti-government protests that have rocked the capital Male for the past three weeks. There were reports of sporadic clashes between the two warring factions.\"Any political instability or natural disaster affects the tourism industry first. No one would want to stay confined in their hotel room during a vacation and so people oft for the safer alternative and cancel bookings,\" Mulla added. The Indian government has not issued any travel advisory yet in this regard. Industry insiders also said that the Maldives' tourism industry may get a geological advantage.\"Tourists head to its atolls and hardly stay in its capital Male. It is likely that the atolls are insulated from the tension in the capital. It all depends on news coming from that country. Last year, tourists did not shun the Greek islands though Athens was in economic turmoil and there was rioting on the streets,\" said a travel agent. Apart from tourists, a number of Indian traders and businessmen travel to these islands frequently. A number of Indians are employed in the hospitality industry as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11802625", "title": "Third Maha Lok Adalat scheduled for March 4", "text": "NAGPUR: Bombay High Court Chief Justice Mohit Shah recently credited Maha Lok Adalat for helping the judiciary reduce huge pendency. He told TOI that over four lakh cases were settled during two episodes of this event on February 6 and September 18 last year. Its third edition is coming on March 4, simultaneously across Maharashtra's 35 districts.In Nagpur district, a total of 90,230 cases were dealt with during first two editions, according to Maharashtra's District Legal Services Authority (DLSA), headed by Bombay High Court judge DK Deshmukh. Principal district and session judge in Nagpur Subhash Mohod is heading the city's DLSA while senior civil judge Kishor Jaiswal is secretary.Of them, 28,166 were settled with the success rate of 31.21%. The cases included both pre and post-litigation and those resolved during special drives. The first ever Maha Lok Adalat evoked massive response from litigants and lawyers with over 20,000 cases settled while second one was a low key affair with only 8,098 cases were resolved.\"One cannot challenge the settlement of Maha Lok Adalat in any court and this helps reduce burden on higher judiciary as well,\" Jaiswal told TOI. He informed that resolving cases through this exercise not only saved time and money of litigants but also helped reduce stress.Third district and additional session judge PV Ganediwala pointed out that this was only way where warring parties could go back happy. \"In a court case, someone has to lose and that leads to disappointment,\" she said, adding that resolving disputes this way could help strengthen relationships.Jaiswal and Ganediwala stated they were expecting at least 50,000 cases to come up on March 4 and had constituted 75 panels of sitting judges to settle them. \"Each panel would have a judicial officer, a lawyer and paralegal volunteer or social worker. Even District Bar Association (DBA) is backing us. The principal judge conducted a series of meetings with the parties concerned including lawyers, finance and insurance companies, commissioner and superintendent of police, collector and others,\" they informed.Jaiswal said around 2.30 lakh cases - 1.90 lakh in Nagpur and 39,317 in taluka courts - were pending and Maha Lok Adalat would significantly reduce this number.Cases resolved during two Maha Lok Adalats last year in Nagpur district:--------------------------------- Cases --------------------- Settled -------- %ge1st edition ---------------- 62,324 ---------------------- 20,068 -------- 32.12nd edition ---------------- 27,906 ---------------------- 8,098 --------- 29.01Total ------------------------ 90,230 ---------------------- 28,166 ------- 31.21", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11800826", "title": "Public beat up chain snatcher", "text": "MYSORE: A 31-year-old man, who allegedly attempted to snatch a gold chain from a woman, was beaten black and blue by public here, at Hosabidhi road in Hinkal on Monday night. According to police, when Gowramma, wife of Nagaraj, an autorickshaw driver was walking home from her mother's place around 11pm, Ganesh allegedly closed the Gowramma's mouth to keep her from screaming and tried to snatch her gold chain.Following the attempt, onlookers caught Ganesh and thrashed him.Later, people handed over him to Vijaynagar police. Ganesh underwent treatment in KR Hospital and was produced before the court on Tuesday afternoon. He has been sent to judicial custody till February 21. A complaint has been registered at the Vijaynagar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11802283", "title": "Accountant, bros booked for duping bizman of 83.18L", "text": "NAGPUR: An accountant and his two brothers have been arrested for duping his employer of 83.18 lakh. The complainant, Raja Majumdar, a stockist and distributor, has accused Ranjit Dhargave, who was working for him since last six year, of defrauding him. Dhargave has been arrested.Dhargave's brothers, Rakesh and Roshan, were also named as accused and the cops have arrested Rakesh, a software engineer at London , while Roshan, who is pursuing MBA, is absconding.Dhargave has confessed that he embezzled the money to start an independent business with his brothers, Rakesh (27) and Roshan (39). With the defrauded amount, the brothers started a new company named '3R' and other side businesses, including of cosmetic products.According to investigating officer RG Rajbhar of Economic Offences Wing (EOW), Ranjit has been an accountant since 2006, and would change figures on blank cheques of distributors and other stockists.Rajbhar said Ranjit initially worked sincerely and gained the confidence of Majumdar, a distributor of four companies. Assuming Ranjit to be a trustworthy employee, Majumdar would often leave for business tours and give him blank cheques to be distributed to other companies.Initially, Ranjit would change the figures to increase the amount by 15,000 but slowly he increased the amount to lakhs. Though Majumdar would sometimes check the account details, he failed to notice the difference initially. He learnt about the fraud after bank staffers informed him about the huge transactions.Police said Ranjit had even changed the passwords so Majumdar could not check the accounts. Hence, he was able to pass many wrong entries in the accounts, said police.From 2009 to 2011, Ranjit embezzled a total of 83.18 lakh. Police said that in January last year, Ranjit had made entries of 15,000 but had withdrawn 4 lakh from the company account. During investigation, cops have so far recovered 1.20 lakh from the 3R company's account.Majumdar approached the EOW wing of crime branch last month after Ranjit did not come to office for seven months fearing the fraud had come to light. During investigations, police rounded up Ranjit and Rakesh and handed them over to Sitabuldi police, who registered a case of fraud.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "medaram (warangal)", "code": "11801217", "title": "Tonnes of jaggery to be offered to deities", "text": "MEDARAM (WARANGAL): By the time the tribal jatara in Medaram village concludes on February 11, a whopping three lakh quintals of jaggery would be offered to the tribal deities of Sammakka and Saralamma by pilgrims from various parts of the country.Even if a rough estimate of Rs 2,600 a quintal in the open market is taken into account, jaggery worth Rs 78 crore would be offered to the deities during the jatara. Though the four-day jatara begins on February 8, devotees from nearby districts and Chhattisgarh and Orissa have started trooping into the small village in Tadwai mandal to worship goddesses Sammakka and Saralamma by getting huge blocks of jaggery or buying it from Medaram itself.In fact, a quintal of jaggery (called as 'bangaram' in local parlance) in Medaram and surrounding villages is quoted anywhere between Rs 5,000 and Rs 8,500. \"If this price is taken into account, jaggery business alone would cross over Rs 100 crore,\" a trade analyst said.Nearly 200 lorries carrying jaggery blocks make their way to Medaram during the jatara. Trader Madarapu Sadashivudu of Warangal said that each lorry contains nearly 15 tonnes of jaggery.Devotees offer jaggery to the deities as per their weight. Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy offered 78 kg of jaggery after weighing himself, while star politician Chiranjeevi gave away 81.5 kg of bangaram to the deities during their recent visit to the village.Sources said the contractor at Tadwai mandal is not allowing vendors to sell jaggery at less than Rs 30 a kilo. Sometimes, it goes up to Rs 55-85 per kilo also as the traders are keen to cash in on the jatara frenzy among the pilgrims. \"We thought we would buy jaggery at Medaram to avoid carrying it all the way from Adilabad. But we were shocked as a vendor charged Rs 75 a kilo and Rs 25 for one coconut,\" rued pilgrim Mukkera Raghavulu.Though the district administration tried to control the price of jaggery, contractors' writ runs large in this small village. \"The wholesale businessmen and contractors are calling the shots. We are helpless,\" said Lingamurthy, a small trader of Hanamkonda.Meanwhile, coconuts are imported from coastal areas every day. Five-six lorries (13,000 coconuts per lorry) are arriving every day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11798957", "title": "HC raps state over affidavit filed in handcuffing case", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government on Tuesday got more brickbats from the Bombay High Court during the hearing of a PIL highlighting incidents of police publicly handcuffing and fettering prisoners.A division bench of Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice Ramesh Dhanuka had adjourned the hearing on Monday after it was informed that the police commissioner would file an affidavit in the case. However, when the affidavit was submitted by public prosecutor Pandurang Pol, the judges noted that it was filed by a DCP. \"''When the commissioner of police is supposed to file affidavit, why is a deputy commissioner doing it,\" asked Justice Bobde. Pol pointed out that the DCP is authorized to file the affidavit by the commissioner and has also filed it earlier.The judges pointed out that this it is not stated in the affidavit. \"The CP must file the affidavit or the officer must state he is doing on his behalf. If they don't know the procedure, then ask the CP to file it,\" said Justice Bobde. Directing a fresh affidavit to be filed, they adjourned the matter to Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11799807", "title": "Inspector caught taking bribe", "text": "MUMBAI: Inspector Ratnakar Kashinath Mahatre of the state security board was caught by the anti-corruption bureau while accepting a bribe of Rs 12,000 from a private security company on Tuesday morning. tnnInspector Ratnakar Kashinath Mahatre has been booked under the Prevention of Corruption Act.According to the ACB, he threatened a private security firm that he would send a negative report against them if they failed to pay monthly bribe of Rs 2,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11801021", "title": "More women hit the gym to keep fit and healthy", "text": "MYSORE: Women have become more health and fitness conscious in the city, with more and more girls hitting the gym unlike earlier. Apart from working women and homemakers, many girls are also joining fitness centres said experts.Speaking to TOI Burnout Gym in-charge K Kamal said: \"A year ago, only a few women were consulting health experts and joining gyms. Now, every month around 100 women are consulting gyms and around 20 of them join in. Many of them are hitting the gyms before their wedding in order to lose weight. Earlier, people had a wrong perception that gyms were meant only for men, she added.Women from all walks of life and age groups are now aware of importance of exercise and keeping fit and maintaining health. Talwalkars nutritionist and manager Shameela Tabassum said most youngsters are attracted to gyms, because they are concerned about cosmic values and their awareness about fitness has increased. Workouts have become a stress-buster for many working women, with many of them, who are suffering from back pain , fertility disorders, and hormonal imbalance also joining the gym, said Tabassum. Three years ago, the ratio of men and women joining gym was like 2:1. Today, there is a 50% increase in the number of women hitting gyms. Given the trend, there could be equal number of women in gyms as men, she added.With weekend parties taking place more often in the city, women want to look good and slender. This is one of the main reasons for this growing trend, explained M J Christopher, centre head of Synergy Wellness. Food habits also have seen a change, since students and working women are eating out more often than not, and are worried about obesity. As a result, they are hitting gyms to increase immunity and be healthy, Christopher said. \"Women are more excited than men about joining gyms, because apart from weight training, they love doing aerobics in groups while various music tracks are played,\" he added.For 32-year-old assistant English professor, S R Chaitra, obesity provoked her to join a gym. But today, she has a different reason to continue gymming. \"Ever since I joined the gym I am feeling very relaxed and flexible every day. I am enthusiastic about whatever I do throughout the day,\" said Chaitra, who teaches at the University Evening College. Cultivating the habit of a regular workout is helpful in preventing many ailments, she added.However, 20-year-old final year BBM student, Monica Sanghvi, said: \"Some slender girls believe that they are fit and healthy without exercise. This is a wrong assumption. Many girls are worried about obesity but they are too shy to join gyms. Even I was shy initially. But today, if I don't go to the gym for a day, I feel like I missed something,\" said Monica. \"Exercises keeps us active the whole day and increases our level of confidence,\" she stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11800828", "title": "Deportation notices served on Israeli couple", "text": "KOCHI: 'Quit India' notices were served on the Israeli couple staying in a rented accommodation at Rose Street, Fort Kochi, on Tuesday. The couple had come to the city on March 3, 2010.The deportation notices were slapped on the couple for violating tourist visa norms and indulging in highly suspicious activities. The district collector issued the notices after the state intelligence wing filed a report stating that the couple - Shneor Zalman and Yaffa Shenoi - were carrying out 'suspicious activities' and needed to be immediately sent out of the country.\"They have been given fifteen days to leave the country. If they fail to do so, legal action will be initiated against them,\" an official at the Fort Kochi police station said. Both of them have been put under close surveillance to ensure that they do not go into hiding.The couple had taken the house on rent for Rs 50,000 a month, higher than the market rate. The state intelligence put the activities of the couple under close surveillance after they received an alert from the central intelligence about a covert operation being carried out by suspected Israeli agents after the 26/11 terror attacks in which south Mumbai's Chabad House came under attack and six Jews, including a Rabbi and his pregnant wife, were killed.Police officials confirmed that the report recommending deportation of the couple was forwarded to the district collector after the activities of the couple were closely watched for a few months. The couple had been in the country since March 3, 2010. When their visas expired on March 3 last year, they left the country and returned on April 1, 2011 on a new visa.The district collector issued the notices after the state intelligence wing filed a report stating that the couple were carrying out 'suspicious' activities", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "11799840", "title": "Gujarat planning to bring home US-style 911 soon", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The Gujarat government is all set to tie up with a high-profile consortium consisting of ESI911- the world leader in developing web-based crisis incident management technology and solutions- for setting up an emergency response communication infrastructure.\"It will be employed to fight both natural and manmade disasters, as and when they take place in the state,\" a senior government official said. The code 911 is America's national emergency number, and a theory about the September 11 attacks holds that Osama chose that day to attack the country because it would symbolize a horrifying emergency.As for Gujarat, the consortium it is collaborating with comprises ESI911, American Signal Corporation, Delhi-based Tulip, and Ahmedabad-based Sai Infosystem. It won an aggressive international bid against IBM and Wipro, and will soon take complete control the State Emergency Operating Centre (SEOC) on build-operate-own and transfer (BOOT) model for five years. \"It will take five months to set up the new system once a formal agreement is signed,\" the official said.\"The bid was floated by Gujarat State Disaster Management Authority (GSDMA) for creating a new communication infrastructure facility in the just completed building of SEOC, next to Gandhinagar Sachivalaya, which can withstand a quake of 9.1 magnitude,\" a senior official said.ESI911's involvement is considered particularly important. It had set up a web-emergency operation centre (WebEOC) for surveillance and security of the US presidential inauguration. Its clients include the US Federal Emergency Management Agency, National Aeronautics and Space Administration, US Nuclear Regulatory Commission , and several US departments, including for defence and energy.\"While ESI911 and American Signal Corporation will provide software solutions to fight disasters, the other two in the consortium will take care of the hardware part,\" the official said. \"The consortium will not just look into communication infrastructure issues of natural disasters like earthquakes, floods and tsunamis, but also manmade chemical disasters in top industrial hotspots in Gujarat like Vapi, Ankaleshwar, Hazira and Vadodara.\" Already, the GSDMA is in the process of carrying out complete mapping of the type of chemical and other industrial disasters that can take place in the state, the official said.\"The other US company, American Signal Corporation, is the global leader in automated alerts and warning systems,\" the official pointed out, adding, \"Already, every district has emergency operating centres, and plans are underway to set up 400 localized emergency operating centres in as many vulnerable villages.\"The official said that a major reason for the establishment of the new centre and the deployment of a world-class consortium to run it on the BOOT model was to set up new satellite-based information channels for real-time communication on disasters. \"The channels will come into play when existing communication channels like telephones, mobiles, and internet connectivity stop working,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11801894", "title": "Medico suicide: Cops return as accused gives the slip", "text": "BHOPAL: A police team, which had gone to Gwalior two days ago to arrest an accused in a case of abetment to suicide of second year MBBS student, returned as the accused gave the police the slip. The deceased, Pranaya Gupta, 22, a student of the Gandhi Medical College (GMC) in the city, was found hanging in a hostel room on January 21.The accused, Ravi Pratap Singh Tomar, also a second year student at the GMC, allegedly had an affair with the young woman. The accused was booked for abetment to suicide last week some 15 days after the incident.The police claimed a suicide note recovered from near the body stated that the accused had exploited the young woman while she was in love with him. Tomar, who was also living in the hostel, went missing ever since the incident took place. The accused hails from Gwalior and a team was sent to arrest him, but in vain, the police said.Rakesh Pratap Singh Tomar, the father of the accused, told the police that Ravi had reached Gwalior a few days ago, but did not tell anything about the incident. His father is an ex-service man. The family came to know about the incident through media reports, the police added.Ravi's family reportedly told the police that the accused would surrender in a week's time. The accused is suspected have gone to his brother, a medical student at Rewa medical college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11800619", "title": "Kashmiri group takes back 'happy memories' from Goa trip", "text": "PANAJI: A group consisting of a former militant, retired teachers, government employees, shepherds and orchard cultivators from Kashmir are currently in Goa soaking up the warm sunshine. On a trip of a lifetime, one they had never dreamt of, 27 senior citizens from remote locations of Kashmir arrived in the state on February 6 as part of a two-week-long tour of the country.The tour has been organized by the Indian Army in a bid to win the hearts and minds of the Kashmiri people, said an army officer who requested anonymity. While the army has been organizing tours for children and students, this is the first such tour for senior citizens, revealed the officer.The ministry of defence-funded tour began from Kashmir on February 1 and will traverse through Delhi, Belgaum, Goa and Kochi before concluding on February 15. The villagers-including Hindus and Muslims-hail from Kistwar, Sondar Pinjrari, Karoo and live in remote and economically backward areas which are not connected by road.Daulat Ram, a 68-year-old retired tehsildar (revenue administration officer) from Gulmarg, who is travelling beyond Delhi for the first time told TOI \"the trip had left him overjoyed\". \"Where we stay, it often snows. But here it is warm,\" he said.He felt the development in Goa was way ahead of Kashmir. \"I am going to tell people back home of the development I have witnessed in parts of India during the tour,\" he said.Ram observed that militancy in Kashmir had decreased as people now \"understand the ulterior nature of militancy and seek peace\". He believes the Army has played an important role in Kashmir by setting up schools and camps.Goolam Ali Shah, from Kistwar said, \"We live in a very backward area with no roads. We are living in the same conditions since independence and do not know when it will improve.\" \"We are happy seeing so many vehicles here, something we've never seen back home. The government should build roads for us,\" he added.Goolam Khandey, a proper militant who surrendered in 1997 and underwent six years of imprisonment, said the loss of four family members prompted his surrender. Shiv Lal Parihar, a retired teacher, said, \"I am very grateful for this chance. Goa is like heaven. I had never dreamt I would visit this place.\"In Goa the group will visit beaches and forts-something they haven't seen before-before heading for Kochi.Retired lecturer Sharamchand Sharma, 66, who is also travelling outside Kashmir for the first time said he \"will go back with only happy memories\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11801130", "title": "CPM resolution lacks clarity, say Left thinkers", "text": "KOCHI: Even though the details of CPM's ideological resolution, released in New Delhi on Monday, were yet to flow in, Left intellectuals in the state were quick to say it lacked clarity.The party's claims that it will draw appropriate lessons from the experiences of China and Latin America in building an Indian model of socialism have apparently failed to convince many Leftist thinkers.\"It is important to know what those lessons are. China has taken a blatantly capitalist path, which can only lead that country to barbarism, and not socialism. And communist parties in Latin American countries seem to be emphasizing on `non-revisionist' reforms and multi-party democracy. Now, which of these paths will the CPM take,\" asks M P Parameswaran, one of the founders of the pro-Left people's science movement, KSSP.CPM leader M A Baby told TOI here that the party viewed the developments in China and Latina America \"with excitement and anxiety\".China had been able to achieve high levels of growth since the period of Deng Xiaoping. It has taken significant strides in poverty alleviation. But its policies have also triggered individual and regional disparities. Similarly, in Latin American countries where the Left has been in power, they have been able energize their economy. But more often than not, their opponents have returned to power and thwarted reforms, Baby said.CPM, however, was unwilling to disown basic Marxist principles like proletarian dictatorship even when working with multi-party democracy, Baby said.Political commentator and journalist BRP Bhaskar said even though more than 20 years had passed since the collapse of the communist regimes in erstwhile Soviet Union and East Europe, the CPM had been hesitating to review of its ideological position. \"The ideological resolution the party has published lacks clarity, and does not reflect the complex and divergent realities facing India.\"CMP leader and Planning Board member C P John said the CPM seemed totally confused about the Indian revolutionary path and had been waiting for the revolution to happen as a \"one-day event\" without recognizing that it was a process. They are unwilling to accept the fact that national democratic revolution has been taking place in India since Independence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11801253", "title": "Voters being told about EVMs", "text": "KANPUR: The master trainers are spreading awareness among voters about the use of electronic voting machines (EVMs). Five teams of master trainers, having two members each, are carrying out the task.These teams are visiting crowded places like railway and bus stations and different localities to make voters aware about EVMs. The five teams have visited areas like Kalyanpur, Bithoor, Mandhana, Nawabganj, Company Bagh. Similar drive was carried out at Rawatpur railway station and Phoolbagh.The district administration has also made arrangements for the voters in the rural pockets at block and tehsil levels.The entire exercise is meant to ensure that maximum number of voters reach the booths to exercise their right to franchise. The drive is getting good response from the people, especially the young voters, who want to know how to operate an EVM. The drive would continue.UP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11800521", "title": "Sultan heads forest force after Raha demotion", "text": "KOLKATA: Principal chief conservator of forests Mirza Azghar Sultan was appointed the head of the forest force. A gazette notification in this regard was issued on Tuesday. Atanu Raha, who has so far been officiating as the head, was demoted to the post of the additional PCCF, which he held till March 31, 2007.The notification came after the Supreme Court dismissed the special leave petition of Raha, challenging Calcutta high court's order quashing his promotion to the post of PCCF and subsequently as the head of the forest force with an apex scale salary.On Tuesday, the government withdrew both the appointment of Raha as PCCF and head of the forest force through a gazette notification . The seniormost PCCF, M A Sultan was appointed as the head of the forest force.Azghar, who was holding the post of PCCF (research, monitoring and development), moved the Calcutta Bench of the Central Administrative Tribunal in December 2008, challenging Raha's promotion and got a favourable order in November 2009. The state government challenged the CAT order in the high court in January 2010.Earlier, the HC division bench observed that Raha's second promotion to the position of PCCF with an apex scale of Rs 80,000 also stands cancelled and quashed as a consequential effect.Sources said Raha's speedy promotion was viewed as an outcome of his proximity to former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee. Forest minister Hiten Burman said he can only comment after he received a copy of the order.\"Justice has finally been done. It's a new dawn after a long night,\" said Sultan. He promised transparency in the functioning of the department. \"A lot of things are lying undecided. So I must take decisions fast. Projects are pending and I must assess if they can be undertaken and completed now. If not, then the unspent money will be returned,\" the new forest force chief said.Sultan said the forest department failed to carry out aforestation under Raha. \"It was the biggest responsibility and remains one of our priorities. It will have to start afresh but we also need to do the groundwork that has not been done,\" he said.Sultan also alleged that the PCCF's computer has been tampered with to erase important documents. \"I will demand a forensic enquiry into this,\" said Sultan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11802083", "title": "I-T dept workshop today", "text": "INDORE: The income tax (I-T) department is holding a day-long workshop on issues relating to Central Processing Centre (CPC) here today.Surendra Mishra, chief commissioner, income tax, will inaugurate the workshop at ICAI auditorium at 2.30 pm. Sanjay Kumar Verma (I-T commissioner, CPC) and additional I-T commissioner, RK Mishra will attend the workshop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11800003", "title": "Police crack whip on poll code violators", "text": "NASHIK: Ahead of the zilla parishad election, the city police came down heavily on political parties for violating the election code of conduct and took necessary action under Section 188 of the Bombay Police Act.A case was registered against Sushila Mengal of Vanjarwadi, Igatpuri, by the Nashik Road police for violating the code during a rally organised by her between Belatgawhan and Deolaligaon Chowk on February 5. Mengal had been given permission to take out a rally for the election but she violated it by not taking out the rally from the permitted villages and also by using more than the permitted vehicles in the rally.Mengal was also booked along with two others - Shobha Lohakare and Rajaram Palade of Lahavit village - for using 11 vehicles in the rally at Vanjarwadi, when they were permitted to use only one vehicle by the returning officer.A similar offence was registered against Sadhna Mali and Balasaheb Sangle, both of Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) and residents of Donewadi, for including 10 vehicles in their rally, while they were permitted to use only two vehicles.For violating the directive of the returning officer an offence has been registered against them at the Deolali camp police station. Deputy commissioner of police (zone II) D S Swami said that action has been taken against these candidates as per the provisions under section 188 of the Bombay Police Act.Meanwhile, the Sarkarwada police booked one Vinayak Deshpande of Bhadrakali for threatening Satish Shukla of Ganga Mandir, Yashwant Maharaj Grounds. As per the offence, Satish Shukla and Vinayak Deshpande are contesting the NMC election from ward 25.On Monday, Shukla had been to the NMC commissioner's office for some campaign-related issue in his ward. While Shukla was speaking to reporters near Rajiv Gandhi Bhavan, Deshpande tried to intervene. When Shukla asked him to be quiet, Deshpande started abusing him and told him that he was close to Congress leader Shahu Khaire and threatened to kill him. A complaint was lodged against Desphande by the Sarkarwada police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11801561", "title": "Ex-top official takes fight for retirement benefits to tribunal", "text": "CHENNAI: Senior IAS officer K Ashok Vardhan Shetty, who has sought voluntary retirement from service, is fighting a case in the Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) for his retirement benefits.Shetty, a former principal secretary of the rural development and panchayati raj department, was involved in key projects including coordinating several schemes for self-help groups. He had worked closely with former deputy chief minister M K Stalin.His notice to proceed on voluntary retirement was rejected by the chief secretary, public department, in December 2011, with the latter stating there was an inquiry pending against Shetty and so, he would be unable to accept his VRS notice. With arguments concluding on Tuesday, a bench of G Shanthappa, judicial member, and O P Sosamma, administrative member, has reserved orders for judgment.In his application, Shetty - a 1983 batch officer belonging to Tamil Nadu cadre - said he had put in 28 years of service. His most recent posting was as special commissioner of archives and historical research from May to December, 2011. Due to \"certain pressing personal reasons\", he submitted his notice for proceeding on voluntary retirement on September 8, 2011 under Rule 16 (2) of the All India Services (Death-cum-Retirement Benefits) Rules, 1958.According to this Rule, a member of the service may retire when he completes 30 years of service or attains 50 years of age, provided he gives at least three months notice. A notice under this Rule does not require acceptance by either the state or central government, Shetty said.However, his notice was rejected under the \"completely erroneous and irrelevant Rule 16(2)(a)\", which requires acceptance by the central government. Shetty pointed out that since his notice was rejected by an order from the state government, this order \"suffered from a lack of jurisdiction\" as well.He said the chief secretary had ordered a preliminary inquiry against him by the Directorate of Vigilance and Anti-Corruption (DVAC) based on an \"alleged anonymous/pseudonymous petition\", seven days before the expiry of the notice period, i.e. December 9, 2011.Pointing out that he was put to \"financial hardship\" due to the non-settlement of his death-cum-retirement gratuity (DCRG), leave encashment, general provident fund, pension and other retirement benefits, he had filed an application before CAT seeking that the benefits be granted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11802107", "title": "Men take note, smoking can make you stupid", "text": "LONDON: Here's the perfect reason to kick the butt - smoking makes men stupid, say researchers.A new study, published in the archives of General Psychiatry journal's online edition, has found that smoking is bad for the brain, especially for male smokers, who tend to have a more rapid mental decline than men who do not smoke.But the study has not revealed a similar link between smoking and mental decline in female smokers.\"While we were aware that smoking is a risk factor for lung diseases, cancer, and cardiovascular disease, this study shows also its detrimental effect on cognitive ageing. This detrimental effect is evident as soon as (age) 45,\" said lead author Severine Sabia of University College London.And it's not just the packa-day crowd that needs to worry. The so-called social smokers also put their brains at risk whenever they light up, the study claims.\"Intermittent smokers showed the same cognitive decline as persistent smokers, showing the importance of definitive smoking cessation,\" Sabia was quoted by the media as saying.The researchers analysed data from nearly 6,000 men and more than 2,100 women who were British civil servants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11800985", "title": "Medicos to check if you are made for each other", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Now, the doctors will tell you if your girl or boyfriend is the right choice for you, or, if you both are compatible. This will be assessed not through any medical examination, but by a contest, \" Made for each other\", in the forthcoming annual festival, Euphoria 2K12 at the Government Medical College and Hospital on February 15. Medical colleges from all across the country, including Maulana Azad Medical College, Delhi, Lady Harding College, Delhi, Jammu Medical College will participate in the event.The contest will be restarted after a gap of two years on demand from the medical fraternity. \"We had not been getting a slot for the contest for the past two years. But this contest being a hit amongst students has been started again,\" said Archit Latawa, final year student.Four couples will be selected after a preliminary test based on how well the thoughts match with one another. \"Questions are being formatted like what is your favourite dish? What do you like the most in each other? Those who have been dating each other will get an idea about how well they know one another,\" said Charanpreet Singh, another final year student and one of the organizers.Besides the compatibility test, the four-day fest will have Mr and Miss Euphoria, rock show and fashion show. \"Our website has been updated. We have been managing studies and practicing for Euphoria simultaneously. There will be prizes like DVD player and mobiles for winners in most of the contests. And we are working hard to win them,\" said Abhay Dhir, a student organizer.The annual college fest is the only masti time for medicos, who are usually spend time studying. \"Besides events, including competitions, contest and quiz, we have organized a dance party in the evening that will go on throughout the night. After this, we will be back to the grind as exams are around the corner,\" said Archit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11801257", "title": "17-yr-old held for abusing 3 TN schoolboys", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 17-year-old youth was arrested from Mathiyalagan Nagar in Sulur on Tuesday, following complaints against him for sexually abusing three primary school students. The Dindigul-born youth worked as an earth mover operator.According to the police, he was abusing the three for the past six months, blackmailing them with video clippings shot on his mobile phone. The boys were class 4 students of a panchayat elementary school.The youth had initially lured the boys with sweets, abusing them inside a defunct public toilet. He video-taped the sexual acts using his mobile phone and threatened them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "fatehabad", "code": "11802250", "title": "Protesting farmers take officials hostage", "text": "FATEHABAD: Plans to build a nuclear power plant in Haryana came to a grinding halt on Tuesday after farmers held company officials hostage in protest against the construction.The incident occurred in Fatehabad district during a survey visit carried out by three engineers of a private company.Villagers said they would not allow the plant to be built, fearing a possible recurrence of the recent disaster witnessed in Japan's Fukushima plant.\"We will not allow them to set up a nuclear reactor in our village. We have held three officials as hostages for five hours,\" said Hans Raj, a protester.The villagers stated they would not release the hostages until the company withdrew its plans to build the plant.\"We will not leave them unless we receive an assurance from the higher authorities in Mumbai. Our village head has called them and when they come, we will free these people. We will not give up our land at any cost,\" said Maya Devi.In the wake of the Fukushima incident, several nuclear projects across India, including the Jaitapur plant in Maharashtra, have run into rough weather as residents and activists argue that such plants could adversely affect the environment.India has a total installed power generation capacity of 164 gigawatts (GW) and aims to raise it to 187GW by the end of March 2012. There are 20 reactors in operation in six power plants, generating over 4,000MW of electricity, while five other plants are under construction. ANI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "11801176", "title": "Passengers suffer as Kanna's men have free run of airport", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: It was sycophancy at its worst. While hundreds of followers of a minister were running riot at the Gannavaram airport near here on Tuesday, passengers suffered the most. The drama lasted close to four hours as the minister's men, who trooped into the airport in a huge convoy of vehicles to welcome their 'beloved' leader, were unstoppable.They were whistling, dancing and clapping loudly waiting for the minister's arrival leaving the passengers seething with anger. Their elation was over the purported 'elevation' of Kanna Lakshminarayana in Monday's cabinet rejig. While Kanna's portfolio was merely changed to agriculture from housing, what made his followers and Congress party workers jump in joy at the airport is unknown.With the minister's followers thronging the airport in over 200 vehicles, the airport looked like a fair. Kanna was the only minister in the Kiran Kumar Reddy cabinet to get his portfolio changed from 'low-key' housing to the 'high-profile' agriculture department. Well, the minister emerged out of the airport only after 5.45 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11800383", "title": "College girl dies in e-way mishap", "text": "PUNE: Atiya Munshi,17, from a city college was killed and four others were injured when their stationary car was hit by an unidentified speeding vehicle on the Pune-Mumbai expressway in the early hours of Tuesday.The Talegaon Dabhade police said the Zen, which was coming to Pune, was hit by the vehicle around 2.30 am after it stopped at the side of the road near the Urse toll booth due to a tyre puncture.While Atiya died on the spot, her parents, Alimuddin and Hayat, suffered severe injuries and have been admitted to Lokmanya hospital at Nigdi. Ismail Shaikh, who was driving, and his wife, Noorjehan, received minor injuries.The Shaikhs, who own a garage at Kondhwa, had picked up the Munshis, residents of Kausarbaug, Kondhwa, in Mumbai and were coming to Pune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11801034", "title": "Golden jubilee celebrations of IAF Provost unit kick off", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Golden jubilee celebrations of Air Force police headquarters, Chandigarh, started with a special function on Tuesday. Air Force police HQ, also known as 20 Provost &amp; Security Unit (20 P&S; Unit), Air Force, was raised at Air Force Station, Chandigarh, on February 7, 1963.The function was presided over by Air Officer Commanding, 3 Base Repair Depot (3 BRD), Air Commodore Suresh Singh who also flagged off Zila Talmel Abhiyan for Chandigarh to mark the starting of the celebrations.During the golden jubilee year, a number of events will be organized like Zila Talmel Abhiyan (district co-ordination campaign), adventure activities, including motor cycle expedition by unit air warriors, hot air ballooning and skiing for men and families, run for fun for a cross-section of society, para jumping for unit personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11802640", "title": "NGOs kept out of tiger census", "text": "NAGPUR: SK Khetarpal, the state's principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife), has shut the door on NGOs but kept it open for individuals to participate in the phase IV tiger monitoring exercise beginning on Friday.\"But it's up to the park managers to decide on the participation of individuals. I won't interfere in this matter,\" Khetarpal told TOI on Tuesday.The exercise, which was to start earlier from February 2 to 7, will now be held between February 10 and 17 in tiger reserves and their buffer areas, and sanctuaries and national parks.Khetarpal had told TOI in January that only volunteers with wildlife and genuine credentials would be allowed to take part in the monitoring. On Monday, TOI received several calls from wildlife buffs on being denied participation by park managers.The wildlife chief said the department has enough staff to conduct the exercise. \"The real field work can be done in a better way by forest staffers who are familiar with the areas. It's also an opportunity for the new forest recruits to learn techniques,\" he said.On transparency, the chief wildlife warden said, \"What can be more transparent than the cameras. We've good number of tigers that are spilling over in non-protected areas. The camera traps cannot be tampered with. Moreover, the Wildlife Institute of India ( WII ) will check the data which cannot be distorted.\"VK Sinha, field director &amp; chief conservator (CCF) of Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR), said the first lot of compass and rangefinders needed on transact lines has been received. More are expected in a few days. Unavailability of these gears, along with zilla parishad and panchayat polls, was one of the reasons to postpone the monitoring exercise.The exercise will go on even without rangefinders in the hilly terrain and dense forests of Melghat Tiger Reserve (MTR) as it difficult to sight animals beyond 30-40 metres.\"MTR needed 275 rangefinders but considering the topography I have sought only 10,\" said A K Mishra, field director of MTR.MTR will allow the participation of wildlife lovers. \"They need to produce a photo identity card for verification,\" said Mishra.The World Wildlife Fund (WWF) and Centre for Wildlife Studies (CWS) are among the NGOs which have been denied permission. WWF coordinator for Satpuda Maikal Landscape Project, Chhitaranjan Dave, has expressed disappointment over the move.SP Yadav, the deputy inspector general (DIG) of National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA), confirmed that it has left the participation of NGOs to PCCFs. \"All we insist is that the national monitoring protocol be followed,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11800290", "title": "SC reprieve for killer son", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday reduced to life imprisonment, the death sentence handed out to a man, who beheaded his mother and walked away with her severed head as he was enraged over his wife leaving the matrimonial home following a tiff with her.A bench of Justice A K Patnaik and Justice Swatanter Kumar felt that since convict Absar Alam alias Afsar Alam was an illiterate and committed the offence in a fit of rage, the category of \"rarest of rare\" crime did not apply to the present case in Bihar, warranting capital punishment.According to prosecution, Alam, in the wee hours of February 2, 2007, killed his mother by cutting her neck and severing her head.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11801008", "title": "Third accused in Sohna grain market theft held", "text": "GURGAON: The Sohna police arrested a student of a polytechnic college for attempting to rob a trader at gunpoint. The other two accused had already been arrested on the same day. The attempted theft took place in the grain market of Sohna on Januray 30 and two of the accused were arrested on same day. The two arrested on the same day were identified as Devendra and Kuldeep, residents of Baluda village, and were sent to judicial custody. The third accused, Pawan, who was on the run was arrested late on Monday. Pawan is a student of a polytechnic college in Jhajjar. On Tuesday, the police produced him before a city court and he has been sent to judicial custody for 14 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11800968", "title": "Charles Dickens has diehard fans, but the young are not really charmed", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Admired for creating unforgettable characters like David Copperfield and Ebenezer Scrooge, Charles Dickens' writings continue to interest his ardent readers in the city. As the world's literary fraternity celebrated Dickens 200th birth anniversary on Tuesday, enthusiasts of his work point out how classics continue to inspire them in today's era of the fast-paced novel.\"There are several youngsters who know only about contemporary writers. Those who actually read and love classics belong to a different mindset generation. Dickens' work continues to inspire even today, when modern writers hold sway,\" said Ranjeet Sohi, an English research scholar from Panjab University.\"A Tale of Two Cities,\" 200 million copies of which have been sold since it was published in 1859 to a \"Christmas Carol,\" \"Great Expectations\" and \"Oliver Twist,\" Dickens' work figures in most English text books in schools across the world. \"To commemorate the 200th birth anniversary of Charles Dickens, the Chandigarh Sahitya Akademy is planning to organize an event during summer vacations,\" said Manju Jaidka, who teaches at the Department of English, PU.\"His works including \"David Copperfield\" and more in-depth works like \"Great Expectations\" have been immensely popular and are read by everyone,\" added Jaidka. However, with the popularity of contemporary writers, it is hard to sustain interest in classics among children, opine certain parents. \"It is hard for me to inspire my daughter, who is in class IX to read classics. Although some of the most extraordinary stories have been written by Dickens, children prefer reading contemporary writers of the likes of Chetan Bhagat,\" said Raina Chona, a parent, who is also a teacher at a local school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11800274", "title": "NIESBUD signs MoU with IFC to create trainers for MSME sector", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Institute for Entrepreneurship and Small Business Development (NIESBUD), an autonomous institution under the ministry of micro, small and medium enterprises, Government of India, has joined hands with the International Finance Corporation, a member of the World Bank Group, for jointly undertaking different projects relating to entrepreneurship development in India on Monday in the City.A MoU to this effect has been signed and NIESBUD will collaborate with the IFC in conducting training of trainers (TOT) programme for strengthening the training skills of MSME trainers so that they are in a better position to impart training and thus facilitate sustenance of this vital sector of the Indian economy. The objective is to create a cadre of master trainers who would, in turn, replicate the model to impart training for MSME Sector in a much bigger way.Minister of MSME, Virbhadra Singh spoke on the necessity of equipping workforce of the country with the required skills for enabling the country to reap dividends. The pilot programmes will be organized for the selected trainers from five states/ UTs and shall involve the use of the business edge training of trainers methodology of IFC which has been rolled out in 29 countries so far. The methodology is a learning platform for small businesses that includes a comprehensive and effective approach to equip trainers with key facilitation skills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11801241", "title": "Cops on temple duty down with fever", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Following a fever outbreak, a 57 member unit of Kerala Armed Police III (KAP III) who was on security guard duty at the Sree Padmanabhaswamy temple was relieved from duty and sent back home on Tuesday.The police department pressed panic button after fever spread among the unit members at an alarming rate. Five officers are down with fever and undergoing treatment at the General Hospital. The rest of the officers have been directed to approach the Government Fort Hospital nearby.Police officers on duty alleged that the accommodation provided to the KAP III unit was in a dilapidated condition. They were forced to live in cramped shelters which caused hygiene problems which eventually led the fever outbreak. \"About 40 officers were squeezed into rooms that could originally accommodate just 10 persons,\" said an officer on condition of anonymity.On Tuesday, senior police officers, including DGP Venugopal K Nair, who also holds the additional charge of the security arrangements at the temple and city police commissioner T J Jose visited the out house where the fever-affected officers were accommodated. After inspection the DGP acknowledged the fact that the place lacked hygiene which would have caused the fever outbreak. Another unit of KAP III Battalion has set out from their camp at Anchal in Kollam and will replace the relieved members on Wednesday. The accommodation for them is arranged at the Armed Reserve Police camp in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11799967", "title": "38% 'declared criminals' contesting elections: Report", "text": "VARANASI: Ravikant Singh of Quami Ekta Dal, contesting from Varanasi North constituency, has the highest number of serious charges (6). He is closely followed by Abdul Samad Anasari of Samajwadi Party, also contesting from Varanasi North constituency, with five serious charges and Chandra Kumar Mishra of Bahujan Samaj Party from Varanasi Cantt constituency with four serious charges.The Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR) and Uttar Pradesh Election Watch (UPEW) has released their reports with analysis of criminal, financial and other details of candidates contesting from different constituencies of Varanasi and other districts going to poll in the third phase of UP assembly elections. Releasing the report on Tuesday, Jagdeep Chhokar and Lenin Raghuvanshi said the UPEW analyzed 48 out of 149 candidates contesting the elections in Varanasi district. Out of the 48 candidates analyzed, 26 (54%) have declared criminal cases in their affidavits submitted to the Election Commission of India at the time of filing their nomination. Out of the 26 candidates, 13 candidates declared that they faced serious criminal charges like murder, attempt to murder, theft and extortion.According to report, 23 out of 48 (48%) candidates in Varanasi district are crorepatis. Ashfaq of SP contesting from Varanasi Cantt constituency has the highest assets worth of Rs 6.07 crore followed by Harshvardhan of Indian National Congress from Sevapuri constituency with Rs 4.28 crore and Ravindra Jaiswal of Bharatiya Janata Party from Varanasi North constituency with Rs 3.70 crore.Besides, the UPEW also analyzed affidavits of 317 candidates out of 1,029 candidates who are contesting the third phase of assembly elections. Out of these 317 candidates, 121 candidates (38%) declared criminal cases against them. Among these 121 candidates Brijesh Singh alias Arun Kumar Singh of Pragatisheel Manav Samaj Party contesting from Saiyadraja constituency in Chandauli has declared maximum number of criminal cases. He has declared 39 criminal cases including 57 serious IPCs. He is followed by Atiq Ahmad of Apna Dal contesting from Allahabad West constituency with 44 criminal cases and 26 serious IPCs and Ajay Prakash Singh of Peace Party from Lambhua constituency with 21 cases and 18 serious IPCs.Among major parties, every party has given tickets to candidates who have declared criminal cases. SP has 30 out of 56 (54%), BSP has 21 out of 56 (38%), BJP has 25 out of 55 (46%), INC has 16 out of 52 (31%), Peace Party has 4 out of 7 (57%), JD(U) has four out of 34 (12%), candidates with declared criminal cases. Out of these 121 candidates with declared criminal cases, 61 (19 %) have declared serious criminal cases like murder, attempt to murder, kidnapping, robbery, extortion. The BJP has 11, BSP has 10, SP has 18, Peace Party has three, INC has eight, JD(U) has one, Quami Ekta Dal has three and Apna Dal has five such candidates.A total of 122 candidates out of 317 analyzed for the third phase are crorepatis. The candidates with maximum assets in thirrd phase are Nand Gopal of BSP from Allahabad South constituency with assets worth Rs 95.26 crore followed by Tanveer of INC from Bhadohi with Rs 21.20 crore and Atiq Ahmad of Apna Dal from Allahabad constituency with assets worth Rs 20.79 crore. Among major parties, the average asset per candidate for SP is Rs 1.99 crore, BSP Rs 3.68 crore, BJP Rs 1.39 crore, INC Rs 2.18 crore, Peace Party Rs 1.71 crore, JD (U) Rs 22.98 lakh, Quami Ekta Dal Rs 68.81 lakh and for Apna Dal is Rs 1.33 crore.According to report, out of 1,029 candidates, only 78(8%) candidates are women. The number of women candidates from BSP is 4(7%) out of 56, BJP 6(11%) out of 55, INC 3(6%) out of 52 and SP it is 5(9%) out of 56.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11801367", "title": "CBI allowed to quiz Ramadoss brother", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Tuesday sent PMK leader Dr S Ramadoss' brother S Seenivasan, 65, arrested in connection with the murder of Muruganandham of Tindivanam in 2006, to the custody of the CBI for one day.Muruganandham, an aide of AIADMK minister C Ve Shanmugam, was hacked to death by a gang days before the 2006 assembly polls. Shanmugam had a providential escape as he hid under a parked vehicle. The case was transferred to the CBI only recently.Justice T Mathivanan, permitting custodial interrogation of Seenivasan by the CBI, asked the central agency to take him into custody on Tuesday and produce him before the chief judicial magistrate at 4pm on Wednesday.Seenivasan was arrested last month and the CBI's request for his custody was rejected by the chief judicial magistrate of Chengalpet on January 30. CBI filed a petition challenging the Chengalpet court order and sought Seenivasan's custody for five days.In its petition, the CBI contended that the custodial interrogation of Seenivasan alone would reveal details of the criminal conspiracy. Justice Mathivanan said: \"This court finds that it may be better in the interest of justice to allow the petition and grant police custody of Seenivasan for one day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11801022", "title": "Parents jittery about wayward school buses", "text": "GURGAON: The bus accident in Sector 27 has once more brought into focus the issue of safety norms followed by school buses. The school administration maintains that it does take measures to ensure the safety and security of the kids using the school buses. However, the parents are concerned about the safety of their kids as there have been many complaints in the past about rash driving by the school bus drivers.Richa Bhatia, a mother of two, said, \"Many a time my child complained about rash driving by the driver and bad behaviour of the conductor and filed the complaint with the school administration. With no change in the ways of the driver and conductor, I have always been concerned for my kids while they were on school transport. Then I simply decided to take them to school and pick them up after school hours.\"Parents say that it the responsibility of the school administration to ensure that the driver has the necessary experience to drive on busy roads. The schools all over the city have a fleet of school-owned buses as well as other transporters' buses. The school authorities say that they have been asking the drivers to follow the guidelines given by the police and traffic department. The schools claim that they ensure that there is no overcrowding in the school buses and has made a teacher in charge of each bus to look after the students.Peeya Sharma, Principal of Ryan international school, Sector 40, said, \"We have a fleet of 20 buses which ferry 48-60 students. Also each bus has been installed with safety kits for emergency. The bus drivers have strictly been directed not to exceed the speed limit given by the traffic police.Other than that the teacher in charge (other than the conductor) coordinates with the school department when help is needed or in the event of an emergency.\" Also the school authorities claim that they have been keeping tabs on the complaints and suggestions of the parents which also include complaints about the school buses. \"We take the complaints of rash driving very seriously and the drivers have been given strict directives to be followed. Also all the buses have been installed with speed governors/ speedometers so that the speed limit is not be exceeded,\" said Sudha Goyal, Principal, Scottish High International School.Speed apart, the buses have been facing technical snags at times. Ruma Bhatti, a parent, said, \"Regular checks and maintenance should be organized by the school administration to confirm technical snags in advance. Many a time, school buses get delayed because of such snags. Such excuses are not acceptable.\" According to Col Pratap Singh, president of Haryana Progressive School Council and chairman of Colonel Central Academy, \"Schools have invested crores in the school buses and are additionallyrelying on transporters for fulfilling their bus requirement. We are only providingthe transport service to the students residing in distant sectors.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11799737", "title": "Latest studies throw light on causes of climate change", "text": "VARANASI: Is the chemical reaction involving radical-molecule complexes responsible for climate changes? If experts are to be believed, the better understanding of structure and reactivity of radical-molecule complexes can provide deep insight into various atmospheric phenomenons, including ozone depletion (global warming), acid rain and climate changes.\"The recent studies focusing on understanding of chemical processes at molecular level in the atmosphere are promising to come up with development of accurate global climate models. This would also take into account the global phenomenon including cloud formation and depletion of ozone layer, responsible for global warming across the world,\" said Prof Joseph Francisco, department of chemistry, Purdue University (US) while inaugurating the four-day second international workshop on 'spectroscopic signatures of molecular complexes/ions in our atmosphere and beyond', jointly organized by UP Autonomous College in collaboration with Department of Applied Physics, IT-BHU on Tuesday.Making presentation on his recent research studies on the structure and reactivity of radical-molecule complexes, the former president of American Chemical Society emphasized that studies had revealed interesting distractions from traditional chemical reactions, providing a new frontier in atmospheric chemistry. A reversal of trend was found in radical-molecule complex involving water molecules as droplets during formation of clouds. Unlike traditional chemical reactions which get faster with rising temperature, the complex reaction in atmosphere was actually getting slower with rise in temperature. Attributing the phenomenon to formation of more water molecules at low temperature, he also added that studies had provided a better understanding of cloud formation besides explaining how clouds perform cleansing effect in the atmosphere.Saying that field measurements have shown that transport of aerosols in the atmosphere was linked to free radical concentrations, the senior scientist stressed that radicals have been found to interact with aerosols. \"It will be interesting to know as to how clouds perturb the chemistry of atmosphere. It is also an area to explore for the atmospheric scientists, astrophysicist and other scientists,\" he added.Earlier, workshop convener Vipin Bahadur Singh of UP Autonomous College detailed about the aim and objective of the workshop. He also emphasized that molecular complexes that contain water have great potential to alter the radioactive balance, chemistry of our climate and atmosphere. Prof JN Sinha, director, IT-BHU said \"very little has been known about the atmosphere and a lot of studies and research are needed to explore the world that affects mankind.\"A number of senior faculty members including Dr Gulab Singh, principal, UP College, Prof. ON Singh, head, department of applied physics, IT-BHU and others were also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "11800653", "title": "'Not just Pernem, develop state as a sports city'", "text": "VASCO: The government should rethink its decision of coming up with a sports city in Pernem and should develop the entire state as a sports city for the upcoming National Games, said former sports minister Matanhy Saldanha. The ex MLA was speaking on the occasion of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) sports convention.Sports has become a big industry today and it is imperative that authorities create sports academies in Goa, he said. Pointing out infrastructure as the major drawback, Saldanha said, \"Whatever we build should be long-lasting and not a waste of public wealth.\" He further added, \"The tradition of maintenance should be thought of.\" He called the present sports minister \"crazy for not working as per the need of the hour\". The BJP sports cell has even submitted its sports manifesto to the party.The manifesto includes upgradation of major stadiums and grounds, physical education teachers to be appointed, reservation of sportsmen in professional colleges, and others. Sandeep Hedal, organizer of various games, sai, \"The functioning of the association is so bad that participants are asked to pay from their own pocket and are reimbursed after a year.\"Carlos Almeida, one of the prominent candidates for the Vasco constituency, BJP, asked for air condition travel package for the participants representing the state at outstation events.The convention was organized to felicitate almost 22 sports personnel in various games.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11800436", "title": "Trained in Pak jihad camps, \u2018Masterji\u2019 brainwashed youths", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian Mujahideen ideologue Bashir Hasan alias Talha, popularly known as Masterji among its cadres, was a close associate of Safdar Nagori during their SIMI days. It was from Nagori, a top leader of the Students Islamic Movements of India, that Talha, arrested on Sunday, had learnt the skills to motivate youths.His interrogation has revealed that he had been associated with militant outfits for a long time and knew about the blasts carried out by IM since 2007. Sources say Talha, arrested from Barabanki, Uttar Pradesh, on Sunday and brought to Delhi on Monday, also knew Yasin Bhatkal alias Shahrukh - the Indian chief of IM, and Riyaz and Iqbal Bhatkal from the days of SIMI.After joining Harkat-ul-Ansar, which has now become Harkat-ul-Mujahideen, in 2000, he went to Pakistan for an advanced training. There, interrogators say, he met handlers of Harkat-ul-Ansar, the mother organization of Harkat-ul-Mujahideen (HM) and Jaish-e-Mohammad (JeM). Sources say they are also trying to verify whether he had met Maulana Masood Azhar in Pakistan, who was freed by the Indian government after the IC-814 hijacking in 1999.Sources say that after getting trained in Pakistan, he returned to India and joined other members of Harkat-ul-Ansar in the Valley, including J&K; commander Sajjad Afghani. Talha was involved in several militant activities against the security forces between 2000 and 2001. During 2001, he attended several meetings with former SIMI members Riyaz, Iqbal and Yasin Bhatkal in Bhatkal, Karnataka, and visited many parts of the country.\"When Indian Mujahideen was formed in 2003, he agreed to join the group to recruit and train youths. He based himself in Barabanki, Uttar Pradesh, and travelled to Delhi, Bihar, Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat, Karnataka, UP and other states, and started motivating youngsters in the name of jihad and taking revenge on the Indian government. He has good communication skills like Nagori and recruited the maximum number of youths for the outfit,\" said a source. Officials said that because of his teaching skills, he was called Masterji by the cadres.Talha, arrested by a crime branch team of DCP Ashok Chand and ACP Sanjeev Yadav, was produced in court in Delhi on Monday. Chand said: \"We have arrested Talha, who was an ideologue of Indian Mujahideen and had recruited youths from various parts.\"Sources claim he had done some research at JNU. Officials added that Talha was also close to Tariq Anjum Hasan, who was arrested four days ago from Bihar, from their SIMI days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11801806", "title": "Cong netas also got BSY's largesse", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka Pradesh Congress Committee president G Parameshwara is among the 30 Congress MLA / MLCs who sought former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa's intervention in their quest for a BDA site. The revelation comes when the Congress is preparing for an all-out poll offensive against the ruling BJP.Interestingly, JD(S) MLAs also got BDA sites at a time when party leader H D Kumaraswamy was making allegations of nepotism against Yeddyurappa. While 20 Congressmen were allotted sites, Parameshwara's application was rejected on technical grounds.Informing the legislative assembly on Tuesday, chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda said A Manju, Chikkanna, YN Rudresh Gowda, NL Narendra Babu, Tanveer Sait, SM Shankar (former CM S M Krishna's brother) and Quazi Arshad Ali were among the top Congress MLAs who are beneficiaries of BDA sites given by Yeddyurappa under his discretionary quota in posh localities in Bangalore.Replying to Kimmane Ratnakar (Congress), who sought to know the names of legislators who were allotted and not allotted BDA sites after June 4, 2008, Gowda in a written reply said Congress MLAs Parameshwara, P M Ashok, Firoz Nooruddin Sait, Syed Yasin and U T Khader had applied, but were not allotted sites. However, the CM had not given any reason for rejection. It may be recalled that both Congress and JD(S) fought against Yeddyurappa demanding his resignation alleging misuse of office.The list of JD(S) beneficiaries include S K Basavarajan, B Chidananda, Sa Ra Mahesh and M Srinivas. Other MLAs from the party Dinakar Shetty, Sunil Hegde, Venkatrao Nadagouda, Kalpana Siddaraju and K P Bachhe Gowda had applied, but were not allotted on technical grounds.Since June 2008, Yeddyurappa has allotted 100 sites and 70 have been given to BJP legislators and MPs. However, most allotments were in 2009 and that includes his son and MP B Y Raghavendra. After charges of corruption and nepotism surfaced in 2010, Yeddyurappa said the BDA site given to his son was surrendered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11800197", "title": "In Panchavati ward 8, it's Congress vs party rebel Face-off between Congress candidate, rebel in Panchavati ward rebel face to face in ward no. 8, Panchavati", "text": "NASHIK: The husband of a former Congress minister of state has been challenged by a rebel of his own party in a ward in Panchavati for the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) elections.Rebels have become the cause for of concern within parties for each political party as only a few days remain are left for the elections to the Nashik Municipal Corporation. The fear is of rebels (NMC) challenging the party candidates, by contesting as Independents.The sitting co-opted corporator Gurmit Bagga, who is contesting as Independent after being denied a ticket by the Congress, now faces face- to face with the Congress candidate Dr. Dinesh Bachhav in ward no. 8 (B). Bachhav is the husband of former minister of state and former mayor, Shobha Bachhav.Both Gurumit Bagga and Dinesh Bachhav were had filed their nominations as aspirants from Ward no. 8 (B), and had filed their nominations.but on the last day of withdrawal of nominations, Gurmit Bagga was denied the A-B forms (through which a political party announces the official candidate and allows him or her to use the party symbol). Being Disappointed over the denial, of the A-B forms, Bagga then went ahead and had filed his nomination as an Independent from the same ward. As a result, The Congress party expelled him immediately for on flouting the party directive.Bagga who was a senior party leader, and was associated with the party for since 1975, when he started the party work from NSUI. He was assisting corporator for a decade, from 1997 to 2007, but he was defeated by the BJP candidate Kamlesh Bodke in the NMC elections in 2007. But the Congress had sent him to the NMC as a co-opted corproator.Dr. Dinesh Bachhav started his medical practice practising in the Peth Road area areas in 1982 and has developed presence in the area since. He is currently, Dinesh Bachhav is a spokesperson and a member of the Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC).The developmental work that had been carried out by his wife Shobha Bachhav, during her tenure as the NMC mayor in 1999, are the plus points for him, as the former Bachhavis a known public figure in key areas. But their network notwithstanding, party rebel Gurumit Bagga, has made Bachhav's election an uphill task. There are a total of 10 Independents contesting the elections from ward 8 (B)Nineteen candidates are in the fray in ward no. 8 -- including four from the backward category reserved for women in ward 8 (A) and 15 from the general category in ward 8 (B).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11800038", "title": "3 arrested for financial scam", "text": "NASHIK: The economic offences wing has arrested three persons involved in a financial scheme, which has apparently duped Nashikites of over lakhs of rupees. Economic offences wing assistant commissiont of police Rupali Ambure said Srikant Gondhalekar and Pallavi Gondhalekar had started Ganraj Sales Pvt Ltd and promised to double the invested amount in 16 months.The company operated in Nashik from 2009 to 2011. Initially gaining trust of the investors, the directors of the company accepted deposits from as many people as possible and then fled the scene. The case was handed over to the economic offences wing in October 2011.While the location of the company could not be identified for all these days, the EOW got the mobile tower location of the accused at Vasai, near Mumbai.Shrikant Gondhalekar of Dombivali, wife Pallavi Gondhalekar and their son-in-law Manoj Thosar have been arrested by the EOW from Vasai on February 5.According to the EOW, going by the investors who have come forward to lodge complaint against the directors of Ganjraj Sales Pvt Ltd, the company has siphoned off Rs 62 lakh from the investors of Nashik. Officials from the EOW said that the figure may rise as more people come forward with their complaints. Meanwhile, on Tuesday there was rush of investors at the EOW office. Most of the investors were hoping that they will get their invested amount back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11799926", "title": "Ravidas Jayanti celebrated on Magh Purnima", "text": "VARANASI: Sea of devotees thronged Ravidas Temple in Seer Gowardhanpur village on the outskirts of the city for special prayers and worshipping to mark 635th birth anniversary celebrations of Sant Ravidas at his birth place on Tuesday. Thousands of devotees also took a holy dip in the Ganga to mark auspicious Maghi Purnima that coincided with Ravidas Jayanti.While colourful processions, recitation of shabad (musical prayers) and long queue of devotees was witnessed near Ravidas Temple at Seer Gowardhanpur village to mark birth anniversary celebrations, the entire village wore festive look with devotees pouring from different parts of the country and abroad on the occasion. Special lighting arrangements and decorations of white coloured temple were also witnessed on the occasion.The entire Seer village was gripped in festive fervour witnessing arrival of a number of followers and devotees including women since morning on the occasion, the area around the temple also turned into a fair site, witnessing the presence of a number of stalls coming up with different kinds of items including garments, books, posters and toys to mark the occasion.Earlier, Niranjanji Maharaj, chairman, Guru Ravidas Janma Sthan Public Charitable Trust (GRJSPCT) garlanded the statue of Sant Ravidas at Ravidas park, Nagwa in the morning to mark the start of 635th birth anniversary celebrations in the city. A special flag carrying ceremony by the followers and sewadaars (volunteers) was held at Ravidas Temple in the morning. Later, orations from Niranjanji Maharaj also organised in pandals installed in Seer village. A number of devotees including women participated in the orations which also witnessed recitation of shabad and keertan. A group of BHU students also carried procession that went up to the temple to mark Ravidas Jayanti in the day.Mass cooking (langars) at different places in the village was witnessed while special prasad were also offered to devotees on the occasion. A number of devotees took holy dip in Ganga on the auspicous occasion of Magh Purnima in the city. Devotees including women thronged prominent ghats and offered donation after taking holy dip in the river. Special prayers and puja were also witnessed in prominent temples including Kashi Vishwanath Temple and Sankat Mochan Temple on the auspicious occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11799992", "title": "India's highest deal for a flat: Rs 1.11 lakh/sq ft", "text": "MUMBAI: In the highest deal in the country for a residential apartment, a flat in Cuffe Parade's Jolly Maker 1, India's richest housing society and a four-decade-old symbol of Mumbai's affluence, was sold at the rate of Rs 1.11 lakh per sq ft. A 21st floor flat with a carpet area of 2,590 sq ft fetched Rs 29 crore on January 27.The highest price till now was Rs 1.02 lakh psf after a 3,600 sq ft 19th floor duplex flat in Worli's Samudra Mahal was sold for Rs 37.25 crore in 2010.The four-bedroom apartment, with a closed garage with two car parks, was sold by the Jagwani family (which runs a jewellery business) to Ashok Patni, one of three brothers who own Patni Computers. The flat is registered in the name of Sadhana Patni, wife of Ashok.Incidentally, all the three Patni brothers; Narendra, Ashok and Gajendra already own apartments in this sea-facing tower. Jagdish Jagwani, the seller, confirmed the sale but refused to comment on the deal. Mahesh Lalwani, society secretary and Apurva Patni, son of Ashok too refused to comment.The deal has caused excitement in the otherwise lukewarm realty market but property experts voice caution as it is a one-off transaction.\"Auctions of such exclusive properties do not conform to market norms,\" said the head of a leading property consultancy firm.Earlier than that, the last big property deal in the city happened two and a half years ago when a 3,475 sq ft (super built-up) flat in NCPA apartments at Nariman Point was bought by a London-based NRI for Rs97,842 per sqft.Secret behind the uniqueness of Jolly Maker 1Imagine living in the sprawling apartment of a posh building with a panoramic view of the city, and actually getting paid to live there.This is exactly the case with Jolly Maker 1, the exclusive but quaint complex of 175 apartments and 10 bungalows at Cuffe Parade. Comprising two 25-storey residential towers, the richest housing society in India (reserve and sinking fund is estimated to be over Rs 30 crore) is home to Subhash Chandra of Zee, the Goenka family, the Patni family, the Goa-based Salgaocar family, Dr A S Maker, the construction magnate which constructed commercial buildings in Nariman Point and the UAE Consulate. In this complex, instead of paying maintenance, the owners in this get an annual dividend of Rs 6-12 lakh.Residents in this exclusive complex occupy flats ranging from 1,285 to 2,590 sq ft and enjoy a slew of benefits. None of them have to pay the monthly outgoings, which include a range of municipal taxes, because the society clears all the bills. Each member is charged a token one paise per sq ft per month.\"In fact, this cash-rich society pays every flat-owner a yearly dividend of Rs 300 for every sq ft he or she occupies,\" said a Jolly Maker resident. So, for someone occupying a 2,500 sq ft flat, the dividend is a cool Rs 7.5 lakhs a year.The 10,000 sq mtr property includes a health club, a swimming pool and a restaurant, now shut down due to lack of patronage.The secret of this prosperity?The society owns six floors in the Nariman Bhavan building at Nariman Point which is leased out to various companies. These fetch a rent of over Rs 50 lakhs a month. Three decades ago, the builder had offered this property as a package to buyers if they agreed to pay about 40 per cent more for their flats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11801880", "title": "On the run murder accused surrender", "text": "BHOPAL: Bajrang Dal leader Sushil Sudele, wanted for his alleged involvement in murder of a travel agent a year ago in the Hanumanganj area, surrendered on Tuesday. The police said Sudele is the accused in hatching a criminal conspiracy in the Bhagchand Talreja murder case. A case was pending against him and five others from February last year.While the other accused were arrested soon after, Sudele, who managed to evade arrest, made the police to announce a reward of Rs 10,000 on him. The accused have not landed in the police net despite allegedly moving about in the city freely.The police claimed that he was picked up from the Chhola area on Tuesday after getting a tip-off. Sources, however, deny it saying that Sudele surrendered himself. On learning about his arrest, around 100 activists of the saffron organisation reached the Hanumanganj police to protest. The supporters allege that Sudele has been falsely implicated in the case.The accused was promptly presented in the court to avoid any problem at the police station. Confirming the development, CSP Navratan Singh said, \"The police have booked Sudele under the Section 120 B (criminal conspiracy) in the murder of travel agent. He has been sent to jail after the hearing in district court,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11801207", "title": "300 buses roped in for poll duty", "text": "KANPUR: The passengers at Jhakarkati bus station are having a tough time since the past few days, waiting for hours for buses to arrive. It is because of the roadways buses being roped in for election duties.With the first phase of polling on Wednesday, the roadways buses have been placed on election duty to ferry election machinery. EVMs have also been sent. The buses had been routed to poll bound districts on Monday.Some 300 buses have moved out of Jhakarkati bus station. This has led to shortage of buses, causing problem to the passengers.The situation is such that the passengers willing to head towards Rae Bareli, Mahoba, Allahabad, Banda, New Delhi, Gonda, Basti, Mainpuri, Kannauj and Etah are the worst affected. The passengers remained stranded at the bus station on Tuesday. A senior official of UPSRTC said that the buses had been sent out of the city to different districts on Monday. The problem may continue till the elections get over.The official added that after the fourth round of elections, some of the buses (presently hired for elections) would come back.On Monday, the passengers at Jhakarkati bus station created ruckus and shouted slogans after a long wait for the buses to arrive. The UPSRTC officials on duty had pacified the passengers and had told them the scenario. The passengers were not satisfied as they said that this information should have been passed on to them earlier so that they do not have to wait for the buses to arrive.The seriousness of the situation could be gauged from the fact that even private buses would be hired by the district administration. The private buses would be hired around February 20. This will hit the local population of the city which travels on these buses.UP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "11802232", "title": "Govt fails to act against underground water pollution", "text": "PATIALA: Despite spending crores of rupees to contain water pollution, water samples are continuously failing mandatory quality test, hinting that growing pollution of underground water may create serious problems in the district in the near future.Teams of Patiala health department had taken samples from agencies like Punjab water supply and sewerage board, rural water supply and sanitation department, local bodies, government schools and private schools. Of the total 433 samples taken since April 2011, about 170 samples have failed quality test, sources said.In all, 77 samples, the maximum number, from government schools have failed tests, despite Punjab government's claim to provide quality water in schools, while 21 samples of private schools have also failed. About 28 samples taken from rural water supply and sanitation department have failed quality tests while six failed samples belonged to local bodies department, they said.Four years ago, the pollution control board had conducted a study which confirmed that many Nagar councils, including Patiala Municipal Corporation, have been discharging their waste in Ghaggar. Polluted water of this seasonal rivulet has been used by area farmers to irrigate their fields. The board has also concluded that many farmers are using pesticides in excess quantity. These two are the main reasons behind ground water pollution in the district, but there is no action so far in this regard, sources added.\"The government must take strict action against concerned officers, who have not taken the required steps to contain pollution,\" demanded RTI activist Jatinder Jain, who has fought a long battle to provide potable water to residents of Arnetu village, where many children became handicapped due to use of polluted water.It's not the first time that water pollution in the district has hogged limelight. Last year, a study by Union government in 76 villages of the district found that chemicals, including calcium, phosphate, nitrate and chloride, were above 1,000 mg level while in many villages, it was above 2,000 mg per litre, making the water unfit for human consumption.When contacted, Patiala civil surgeon Dr Varinder Mohi, said they have been conducting regular tests of water to assess pollution levels. \"We don't have power to take any direct action as sources of water belong to different departments. We have been sending detailed reports to these departments for necessary action,\" Mohi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11801748", "title": "A few candidates are rich in criminal records", "text": "NAGPUR: Out of the 1,229 candidates in fray for NMC election, a few of them are rich with criminal record.Mayor Archana Dehankar, BJP candidates Jagdish Gwalbanshi and Daya Shankar Tiwari are facing charges under section 420 of the Indian Penal Code.Besides, BJP candidate from Garoba Maidan, Anil Dhawade has lead the chart with 11 cases against him at five police stations.Apart from property and education declaration, the candidates also have to declare offences which may lead to two or more years imprisonment if convicted and also if faced any conviction. Dehankar and Tiwari's affidavits mention section 420, 468 and 120(b) 34 against them. The case is pending with JMFC Court no-6. Both of them were booked under sports material scam unearthed in NMC.Jagdish Gwalbanshi has been booked under section 420, 406, 409, 467 and 120(b). BJP candidate from Sai Mandir Ward Munna Yadav has been booked under section 324 Regular Criminal Act, section 188 and 171 of IPC, twice under section 135 of Bombay Police Act, and section 427 of IPC.Dhawade, also from BJP, has a large criminal record behind him. He was booked under Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime Act (MCOCA) by Lakadganj police on May 8, 2008.He is also an accused in murder, kidnap, forgery, assault, extortion and criminal conspiracy. He had been booked at five police stations including Lakadganj, Sakkardara, Kalamna, Kotwali, and Sadar. All cases are pending with various courts.Dhawade was also a corporator for two consecutive terms in 1992 and 1997. He was in the news after he appeared in the interviews conducted by the BJP. He had reportedly supported BJP MLA from East Nagpur Krishna Khopde in the Assembly elections against Congress bigwig Satish Chaturvedi. Accordingly, two BJP MLAs Khopde and Vikas Kumbhare went and handed over the A-B-forms to Dhawade.Surprisingly, a few candidates in fray have not mentioned any cases in their nomination forms.including Congress candidate from Qilla ward Madhu Kambale and BRP-BMS candidate from Rambagh Raju Lokhande.Some of the popular candidates including mayoral candidates Vikas Thakre and Anil Sole, deputy mayor Shekhar Sawarbandhe, leader of ruling party Pravin Datke and others have no serious offence registered against them. Senior Congress corporator Praful Gudadhe and chairman of standing committee Sandip Joshi are accused of issuing threat against life and act of endangering life and property. Many of the candidates are booked for agitations, especially under section 135 of BP Act.There are many other candidates booked under section 420 of IPC, as offences against 102 corporators were registered by the Nandlal Committee in 2001 in the sports material scam in NMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11801340", "title": "Andhra ministers unhappy over splitting of portfolios", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy on Tuesday allocated portfolios to the three new ministers as speculated a day earlier, but Congress circles see the whole exercise as a clever political move by the CM .For the record, 'medical education, Arogyasri, health insurance, 104 and 108, medical infrastructure, Ayush, Yogadhyayana Parishad and drug control administration' which were with health minister D L Ravindra Reddy, were allotted to Kondru Murali Mohan. The portfolio of 'handlooms and textiles, spinning mills, small scale industries and K&V; Board', which were earlier held by P Shankar Rao until his exit, was allotted to G Prasad Kumar. The portfolio of 'housing, weaker section housing programme, AP cooperatives housing societies federation and AP housing board,' which were earlier with Kanna Lakshminarayana, were allotted to G Prasad Kumar. Kanna was allotted the agriculture portfolio that was with deputy chief minister C Damodar Raja Narasimha.Health minister DL Ravindra Reddy has made his displeasure apparent for splitting his department to accommodate new minister Kondru Murali and said he will stay away from Kadapa bypoll campaign. Meanwhile, deputy chief minister C Damodara Raja Narasimha is yet to respond to the agriculture portfolio being taken away from him. According to his aides, the deputy chief minister is mighty miffed with the chief minister for taking away the agriculture charge from him. \"Neither did he give him the home portfolio which should rightfully belong to the deputy chief minister,\" an aide said.The stripping of some important assignments held by Raja Narasimha and Ravindra Reddy is being seen as the result of the consistent anti-CM stand taken by both of them.Apparently, the CM is also upset with Raja Narasimha for lodging a complaint with AICC general secretary Ghulam Nabi Azad .Congress leaders see the shifting of housing minister Kanna Laskminarayana to agriculture as a move to strengthen the Kapu leaders from Guntur and thereby make him more useful to the Kapu farmers of coastal Andhra. Kanna's growing influence will help bring division in the Kapus against PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana and Tirupati MLA Chiranjeevi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11798831", "title": "Loud &amp; clear: Mica grad designs booth to spread traffic awareness", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Commuters passing by Panchvati crossroads in the city are set to get some live education on traffic norms. A graduate of Mudra Institute of Communication, Ahmedabad (Mica) has acted on his idea to equip the city traffic with traffic booths having loud speaker systems, so as to control and educate the commuters on traffic norms.Shakti Bharihok, a 2010 graduate from MICA has ideated and developed a traffic booth with loud speakers, ceiling fans and small cupboards, which aims to provide some basic comfort to the cops as well as assist the police in better handling difficult traffic situations.Deputy Commissioner of Police (traffic) Nilesh Jajadia said, \"With the public address system, we will be able not only to control traffic more effectively but also educate the commuters about traffic norms. By constantly announcing to all the commuters various rules like not jumping red lights and so on we could be educating a large number of public about traffic rules.\"The first booth will be installed at Panchvati crossroads. Through the new booth, the police will also be able get some relief from sweating under the hot sun. Apart from the revolving chairs, loud speakers and a light, the battery-powered booth will have a ceiling fan to cool off the cops during short breaks. The booth will also display social campaigns like save the girl child, need of education, saving water and so on.\"In around a month we will be able to know the effectiveness or the drawbacks of the model. If it is effective, then we will consider extending the project to other crossroads in the city as well,\" said a traffic official.\"After facing the traffic woes myself and noticing the difficulties that the traffic cops are facing, I approached the senior police officers with my idea of such a booth which has basic facilities to make their work more effective and comfortable. The idea was well received and the Joint commissioner of police Satish Verma and DCP traffic, Jajadia even suggested a few more ideas which I have incorporated in my design,\" said Bharihok.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11801850", "title": "Copying in exams is also corruption, says Anna", "text": "BANGALORE: It was anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare's turn to field questions as school and college students took him on at Jindal Public School, where he met them for a brief interactive session on Tuesday.What do you think of so many laws, including the dowry act, prevalent in India?The Britishers have left the country but the laws framed by them sadly continue to exist even today in India. That's the reason why Jan Lokpal Bill must come in, where laws will be framed by the people themselves.Is there any law which can prevent anyone from becoming corrupt?Not really. It is the family and the 'sanskar' (beliefs) which matter the most. People are indulging in corruption to keep pace with the growing demands.What should be the role of students in rooting out corruption?Show your solidarity with our cause. And do not 'copy' in your annual examination - that would be indulging in corruption at your level.Why do we have so many poor people in our country?We vested all our responsibilities with the ministers and went off to sleep despite being the masters of this country. Now that we managed to wake everyone up on August 16, we need to be awake hereafter . Why is there corruption even in the education department?Say no to donations and the education department will survive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11801866", "title": "Encroachers make merry as polls near", "text": "NAGPUR: Taking undue advantage of election time, encroachments are on the rise in many parts of the city creating traffic congestion and nuisance, while also leading to damage to public property.Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has always been poor at controlling encroachments due to various reasons. A major reason is lack of attention towards the enforcement department.To monitor the city spread over 217 sqkm, the department has just one truck and JCB, which is also very old. Besides, a minibus is provided for the 10-12 staffers and policemen. However, this small team and machinery is not enough to control encroachments even during normal times.However, after declaration of the election programme in the first week of January, many officials and staffers at zone level are busy in election-related work.The staffers of zone-level public works department (PWD) under the guidance of assistant commissioners used to monitor the anti-encroachment work.Now, assistant commissioners are loaded with election duties, besides routine work. Besides, the zone-level PWD deputy engineers too are engaged in election duties. Thus, even the staffers not engaged in election works are sitting idle since anti-encroachment drives are anyway a thankless job as far as staffers are concerned.\"We used to get a weekly programme from the Enforcement Department. Our staffers, in association with the department staffers, used to take action. But the election duty has forced us to stop the work since last one month,\" said an official.Enforcement officer Maroti Ninawe told TOI the drive has been continued with the available staffers. \"Work has been hampered due to many staffers and officials at zone-level being engaged in election work. Besides, I have requested higher officials to sanction two trucks and a JCB to strengthen the department. Two trucks are also provided from the maintenance department,\" he said.In the last one month, encroachments have been on the rise in popular squares and roads like West High road, VIP road, Central Avenue, North Ambazari road, South Ambazari road, Wardha Road, Variety square, Yeshwant Stadium square, Laxmi Bhuvan square, VNIT square, Ambazari square, Mahal etc.Besides, the drive started to raze illegal religious encroachments has also come to a grinding halt.Unfortunate part is that the encroachments are also back in Dhantoli and between Rahate Colony square and Panchsheel square, in spite of directives of the high court to maintain encroachment-free areas to reduce traffic congestion.There's also a possibility of political pressure being used gainst the drive till the elections are over since such action would result in a headache for candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11801047", "title": "In US mode, Western Command awards best JCO, NCO", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a unique gesture to encourage lower rung of armed forces, Western Command on Tuesday awarded best Junior Commissioned Officer (JCO) and Non-Commissioned Officer (NCO) to soldiers posted at Chandimandir cantonment.The practice to select the best JCOs and NCOs of the year was started recently to motivate them on the pattern of American Army . Army commander Western Command, Lt Gen S R Ghosh said photographs of these winners would be displayed in all unit lines under the Western Command throughout the year to enable all ranks to know about it and get motivated.Congratulating the award winners Gen Ghosh urged them to try for commissioning as officers in the Army as they are all-rounder. Those awarded were Subedar Sovan Singh of Garhwal Rifles as best JCO and Havildar Mehar Singh of Artillery as best NCO for the year 2011 with Army Commander's commendation cards and Western Command silver trophies.Gen Ghosh also awarded cash incentives to meritorious participants. Naib Subedar Sahib Singh of 14 Punjab stood second and Subedar Hira Singh of 7 Kumaun was third in the JCO category. Hav Pitambar Thapa remained second and Hav Pramod Kumar third in NCO category.The selection of best JCO and NCO is done on the basis of stringent written and practical tests over five days to include physical fitness, firing, tactical, map reading, battle physical efficiency test (BPET), physical proficiency test (PPT) and administrative skills and IT awareness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "11803898", "title": "Google rolls out Chrome app for Android 4.0", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Google Inc, seeking to get more of its desktop-computer software onto mobile devices, introduced a test version of its Chrome Web browser for the latest Android operating system.The browser, first unveiled in 2008, will be available on tablets and mobile phones using the company's \"Ice Cream Sandwich\" Android software, Sundar Pichai, a senior vice president in charge of Chrome and applications, said in a blog posting.The company aims to improve the speed of mobile browsing by preloading top search results and enabling users to get the same tabs and bookmarks they have on their desktops. \"Chrome for Android is designed from the ground up for mobile devices,\" Pichai said. The software is \"focused on speed and simplicity, but it also features seamless sign-in and sync so you can take your personalized Web browsing experience with you wherever you go, across devices.\" Google's Android software has taken the lead in the market for smartphone operating system, topping Apple Inc's iPhone and Microsoft Corp's mobile software.Android handsets accounted for 48 per cent of the US smartphone market in the fourth quarter, while the iPhone had 43 per cent, according to NPD Group Inc. Almost three in five first-time smartphone buyers chose Android, NPD said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11801066", "title": "Srilakshmi: A picture of humility in jail", "text": "HYDERABAD: If B P Acharya is perceived as throwing his weight around in jail, Qaidi No 4637 in the special women's prison in Chanchalguda is humility personified. \"She is meek, submissive and courteous. She makes no demands and does not even make use of granted privileges,\" a jail official confided. The qaidi in question is another IAS officer Y Srilakshmi, under trial in the Obulapuram Mining Corporation (OMC) illegal mining case. She has completed a month in prison but is literally 'at home' in jail, confided officials.\"Amma (mother),\" is the term she prefers to use when she addresses jail officials who are elder to her. More surprisingly Srilakshmi is not making use of a kitchen facility that she is entitled to as a special class prisoner. If she wants, she can get food cooked of her choice.\"Is the food always as good as this in jail?\" she was learnt to have asked a jail official in what was obviously an exaggeration. The routine food served in the jail - dal, rice, rasam, curd - is something she seemingly has taken a liking to.It was on January 6 that Srilakshmi returned to the prison after having spent just a night in it on December 1 last year. With her bail having got cancelled, she came back to the jail and initially found it difficult to adjust to the environment.A month has passed by and Srilakshmi is a different person in the jail now, say jailors. Though she has been given special class prisoner status by the court on January 25, Srilakshmi is not even making full use of it. Srilakshmi gets no visitors, except for her husband IPS officer Gopi Krishna who gets her books to read and some fruit to eat.\"Is a third mulaquat in a week possible?\" he was reportedly to have asked jail officials as according to the rules only two are allowed in a week. The jail authorities can, however, use their discretion if they want to grant another mulaquat.Srilakshmi is even refusing to accept the mail that is coming to her. Someone reportedly wrote a post-card and a swamiji sent her a registered mail. She refused to accept both and they had to be returned.The IAS officer has 'nil' amounts in the records to show that she brought no money to the prison, even to spend at the canteen. But this is the only point that she has common with B P Acharya. He also brought no money to the jail. Although jail officials are floored by her behavior, many who have encountered her officially in her hey days are not convinced. \"This may be a way to garner public support, or may be this is her own way to atone for her sins or maybe she has taken some religious vow,\" said a corporate who knows her. Before her arrest Srilakshmi had visited many temples across south India praying that she be out of harm's way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11801070", "title": "Thirumalai Nayak, key architect of Madurai, remembered", "text": "MADURAI: King Thirumalai Nayak, the architect of present day Madurai, was remembered on Tuesday on the occasion of his 429th birth anniversary celebrations here. Thirumalai Nayak, the most notable of the 13 Nayak kings, ruled from 1623 to 1659 and had constructed various important structures that now stand testimony for Madurai.\"More than the architecture, the important decision he had taken to move the capital from Trichy to Madurai during his period, has earned the political significance Madurai enjoys today,\" says V Vedachalam, an archaeologist from Madurai.The Nayaks ruled their dynasty from Trichy, unlike the Pandya kings, who held Madurai as their capital. It was Thirumalai Nayak who moved the capital to Madurai during his rule and subsequently constructed various structures like the towers for Meenakshi Amman temple, other halls inside the temple like Astasakthi, Meenakshi Nayakar, he said.'Pudumandapam' (New Hall) adjacent to the temple is a sculpture treasure itself where the finest of sculptures stand till today. \"He was the patron of art and culture during his period and social, religious harmony thrived during his regime,\" Vedachalam said.\"For an instance, he combined Meenakshi's celestial wedding from Saivaite rite with and Alagar festival of Vaishnavite rite, thus ending the long rivalry between these two rites. Earlier, Alagar festival was held somewhere between February to March, while Meenakshi celestial wedding festival was held in April. He combined both and formed the Chithirai festival, which is celebrated till date,\" Vedachalam said. Further, these festivals brought both rural and urban communities together thus creating a social harmony among his citizens, he added.Another significant contribution of Thirumalai Nayak is his palace, which is as significant as the Taj Mahal in North. \"The palace is one among the oldest palaces withstanding the time. It is older than most of the palaces in Tamil Nadu, thus leaving an architectural monument of his time,\" Vedachalam added.To mark his 429th birth day celebrations, Tamil Nadu Naidu and Nayakkar Association and its youth wing organised day-long celebrations at the Thirumalai Nayak Mahal. They paid floral tributes to his statue situated in the palace premises, as well as his other statue situated in Arapalayam Cross Road.Later in the afternoon, a mass rally was taken out by these associations from Kattabomman statue to the palace, where they anointed the statue with 21 pots of milk. People from surrounding villages where the particular castes live converged in large numbers. A public meeting was followed by the rally in which AIADMK's organizing secretary, Sulochana Sampath attended.During the meeting, the associations passed a resolution urging the state government to celebrate the birth anniversary of Thirumalai Nayak as a government festival like earlier, when it was stopped in 1996. They also asked the government to rename the palace road opposite to the mahal, as Thirumalai Nayak road. They also sought the airport to be named after the king and the stone statue in front of palace be replaced with bronze.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11800593", "title": "Francis D'Souza, Arjun Salgaocar file Mapusa, Sanvordem nominations", "text": "PANAJI: The BJP Mapusa MLA Francis D'Souza became the first sitting MLA to file his nomination papers for Mapusa constituency on the second day of filing of nominations. The only other person to file his nomination on Tuesday was Arjun Salgaocar, as an independent for Sanvordem constituency. Arjun is the son of sitting Sanvordem MLA and mining magnate Anil Salgaocar.This takes the total number of nominations filed for the March assembly elections to five. Three nomination papers were filed for Porvorim constituency on Monday, two by independent candidate Rohan Khaunte and one by his wife. The last date of filing nominations is Monday, February 13, and the last date of withdrawal of nominations in February 16.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11801943", "title": "Manuscripts Day observed in city", "text": "PATNA: The Khuda Bakhsh Oriental Public Library, a nodal agency of the National Mission for Manuscripts ( NNM), organized a workshop on Tuesday to observe the Manuscripts Day.The resource persons for the workshop included Bihar Virasat Samiti executive director Bijoy Kumar Choudhari, Syed Shamim Munami of Khanqah Munimia, Laeequl Haq of Khanqah Emadia and library director Imtiaz Ahmad.Ahmed said that though the present term of the mission will come to end in March, 2012, the work taken up by the mission is far from complete and a further extension of its term was most desirable. He highlighted the fact that Bihar has a rich and varied collection of manuscripts, many of which are yet to be properly catalogued in spite of the good work done by the NMM in the past few years.Munami praised the efforts of the NMM for creating awareness about the value of manuscripts and at the same time pointed out the need to extend the mandate of the mission beyond the borders of the country to neighboring SAARC nations under the mechanism of cultural exchange programmes, so as to enable the preservation and appreciation of the common intellectual heritage of the subcontinent.Choudhari stressed on the need to conserve the manuscripts, since many of these have already been lost. He appealed to ensure capacity building at the state-level and to train personnel for conserving, cataloguing and editing manuscripts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11799772", "title": "BHU hosts seminar on molecular therapeutics", "text": "VARANASI: There is a need to promote translational research synergies with interdisciplinary approach to bridge the gap between clinical and basic research, vice-chancellor of Banaras Hindu University Lalji Singh stressed while inaugurating a daylong international symposium on 'Molecular therapeutics and translational medicine', organized by molecular biology unit (MBU), Institute of Medical Sciences (IMS), BHU, to mark its foundation day on Tuesday.Earlier, inaugurating the MBU seminar room, which has been renamed as Prof DP Burma Seminar Hall, the vice-chancellor, who is also a noted molecular biologist, emphasized that multidisciplinary translational project and research would pave the way for addressing molecular basis of chronic diseases like diabetes , cardiovascular disease, neurological disorder and cancer. He also pointed out that the increasing complexity of molecular/clinical information and the lack of multi and interdisciplinary research approach, threatens to limit the successful translation of complex molecular knowledge.Convener of the symposium Rajavashishth Tripathi highlighted the theme, besides briefing about the areas including, biotherapeutics, need for understanding the non-coding genome and molecular therapeutic approaches for treatment of diseases.Several faculty members, including IMS director TM Mohapatra and MBU chief JV Medicherla, were present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11799801", "title": "DIAL trains cabbies in commuter safety", "text": "NEW DELHI: Cab drivers at IGI Airport will soon be a better behaved lot. The airport management is conducting special workshops for drivers - of both radio cabs and regular taxis - and imparting lessons in safety, security, personal grooming and politeness.A driver with a private cab company, Mohammed Anuddin, attended a session on Monday and said that while he and his colleagues had to undergo mandatory training with his company before they were allowed to operate, the classes gave him and his colleagues an understanding of the specific needs of passengers at the airport. \"This was like a refresher class. We were told how to behave with the passengers, be polite and open the door for them. We were also told that we should help out with the luggage, especially of women and senior citizens,\" he said.\"We were specifically told not to ask for tips. If a passenger willingly tips you, then it is fine but it is impolite to demand a tip. We also apprised them of the problems we face with passengers, for instance, sometimes commuters expect to be driven to alcohol vends, get drunk and then create a problem. They also often insist us to break rules in order to save on some distance as we now operate on a post-paid basis. What are we to do in such situations?\" asked Ved Prakash, another driver.\"Refuse politely,\" is what they were told to do.Aimed at training 1,200 cab drivers, the training programme is being carried out by DISHA - a wing of management Delhi International Airport (P) Ltd (DIAL).\"With similar modules, there are two separate segments of the workshop - one for radio-cab drivers and the other for regular taxi drivers. Normally, passengers view the airport and all related services as a single unit, so we wanted everyone associated with the airport to know how to deal with passengers,\" said a DIAL official.The modules were based on complaints by passengers and on an 'on-site' assessment where interaction of cab drivers with more than 2,000 passengers was observed. \"We took into account the flaws that we observed and based our training on them. Similar programmes are also being carried out for housekeeping staff, buggy operators and CISF personnel,\" said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11800025", "title": "RTO declares school bus 'unfit'", "text": "NASHIK: For the first time, the Regional Transport Office (RTO), Nashik, has detained a school bus which is unfit or not allowed to ferry school students because it has crossed the 15-year age limit. The school bus, with plate number MWN 3465, manufactured in December 1989, is now parked at the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation's (MSRTC's) divisional workshop, Nashik.The Nashik RTO has launched a 'Safe Drive to School' campaign in keeping with the state government's orders and the rules enforced by the same. The school bus belonging to RS Luth Education Trust's Fravashi Academy, Nashik, has been detained by the RTO as it has failed to comply the safety standards inscribed in the rules and most importantly because it is more than 15 years old. Such buses are not permitted to ferry school children.For the safety of children travelling to school and with specific reference to several major mishaps that school buses have faced in the state in the past, the state government spelt out the norms which the school buses have to comply in toto. Of the norms stipulated for a vehicle to be used for ferrying school children, the major one is that the school cannot use a bus more than 15 years after its date of manufacture.\"We had spotted the bus a long time back and issued a memo on August 12 asking for the papers and licence. The bus was picked up again on February 2 for non-compliance of safety norms. Since children were in the bus both times, we did not detain it. On February 3, the driver was spotted with the empty bus at 10.15am again without documents, and this time we detained the bus,\" deputy RTO Jayant Patil informed. It may be noted that school buses are charged passenger tax of Rs 100 per seat per year as against Rs 1,900 per seat per year for other buses. \"The state government has in a way given this subsidy majorly to boost the security measures in the buses for the safety of children,\" Patil said. When asked why action was not taken since August, the officer said shortage of staff was the major reason for the department in being unable to implement the norms and hence the RTO had requested the education department to take the message further.The RTO has organized meetings with schools and requested education officers to cooperate in the issue by asking schools to deploy and hire buses only complying with the norms. There has been good response from the schools but still awareness is lacking, sources from the RTO said.The department has since April 2012 inspected 776 busses, of which 104 vehicles, from Maruti Omni to 50-seaters, were found not complying to the safety norms, a copy of which has been simplified and distributed to the transport committees of respective schools by the principals, and they are further answerable to the transport committee on school buses formed under the chairmanship of the collector. The fine collected so far is around Rs 2,35,000.Sachin Pathak, a trustee of of Fravashi Academy said that since the bus was older than 15 years, it was not used to ferry children. \"The RTO has not detained the bus,\" he claimed, adding that it was sent there for transforming it into a model school bus. \"We intend to have it in our fleet to let others know how a model school bus should be. We have given instructions them to transform the bus accordingly,\" Pathak said.Sources from the RTO, however, were surprised to hear about this, especially when the department has no garage or body-building workshop for transforming buses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11801875", "title": "50-yr-old dies in road mishap", "text": "BHOPAL: A 50-year-old woman was killed while two others sustained injuries in a road accident in the city on Tuesday afternoon. The incident took place under the limits of Gunga police station of the city.Police said the deceased, Geeta, her son Shambhu and her brother, Button Lal were proceeding on a bike when a speeding loading vehicle bearing registration number, MP04-GA-4118 knocked them down from behind near village Aravalia in Gunga area.The woman succumbed to her injuries on the spot. Police said Shambhu and Button Lal also got injured in the mishap but were reportedly out of danger. Meanwhile, the unidentified driver fled abandoning the vehicle.Rs 1.2L cash stolen from parked carAbout Rs 1.2 lakh cash went missing from a car parked outside a bank in TT Nagar area on Tuesday. The incident took place when the complainant, Harjesh Rai, had gone to deposit Rs 1.3 lakh money in the SBI's branch in New Market area.However, when the victim, who runs a restaurant in the city, was getting into his car an unidentified man approached him and told Harjesh that someone was calling him in the bank. This made the complainant to leave the cash behind in the car and go inside the branch. On realising that no one had called him, he rushed to his vehicle. By the time he returned, it was too late and the bag carrying the cash had gone missing from the car, the police said.The victim's employee, Anil, who was waiting for him outside the branch, didn't notice. A case of theft was registered in the TT Nagar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11801856", "title": "New law to rein in pvt hospitals", "text": "BANGALORE: The state government will come out with new piece of legislation making it mandatory for private hospitals to treat poor patients in emergency situations irrespective of whether or not they can make payment immediately.Medical education minister SA Ramadas told the legislative council on Tuesday that the Karnataka Private Medical Establishment Bill would be tabled in the budget session in March. \"We are aware of the private hospitals' attitude. The existing laws are insufficient to rein them in. Once the new law is enacted, if the hospital authorities refuse admission and treatment to the poor patients, the government will cancel the hospital's registration and send the person responsible for it to the jail,'' the minister said.The government decided on the bill following complaints against private hospitals refusing to attend to poor patients. The hospitals insist on a deposit, even during emergencies, refuse treatment in medico-legal cases, and don't cooperate during the spread of communicable diseases.Dayananda Reddy ( Congress) raised the issue and narrated how a snake-bite victim in Bommasandra died as she was denied preliminary treatment by Narayana Hrudayalaya on February 1.What the SC had saidThe Supreme Court in the late '80s emphasized the need for making it obligatory for hospitals and medical practitioners to provide emergency medical care. This is not the only reason for not attending on injured persons or persons in a medical emergency, for sometimes, such persons are turned out on the ground that they are not in a position to make payment immediately or that they have no insurance or that they are not members of any scheme which entitles them to medical reimbursement, it said. It had directed all hospitals to admit patients irrespective of the nature of the accident or ailment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11799928", "title": "MOCA needs foolproof security", "text": "I have been terribly disturbed by the ease with which thieves walked away with five priceless artifacts from the Museum of Christian Art (MOCA) after killing the sole guard tasked to protect our heritage. Many of these treasures were donated generously by Goans who could never have imagined the scant disregard that the custodians would have paid to their generosity. In the days that followed the grievous act, instead of a detailed account of operational lapses, which would have helped Goans get a clearer picture of the circumstances that led to the shocking theft, we have had to suffer arrogant, condescending, banal and even pompous press notes and rebuttals. If the committee wants to leverage the strong appeal that this museum has in India and overseas to raise funds, then it needs to have a foolproof security system and a protocol that specifies the areas where the functions can be held as well as a thorough evaluation of the applicants.Joaquim GoesColumbia University, NYCGovernment appraisal cardFour years ago I used to pay 20 for a dozen eggs, today I pay 40. Similarly, milk was 18 a litre, today the same watery liquid costs me 29. At that time 200 would fetch me a week's worth of groceries, today I need 500. I pay twice as much for gas, public transport, fish, vegetables, electricity, petrol and numerous other things. My child's education used to cost me 50,000 a year, today I need 1.50 lakh a year and the education system has left me frustrated. I stay in a locality (Zuari Nagar) where we still use internal roads constructed by the original land seller. Today, the asphalt has nearly disappeared and the roads exist in name only. There are either no street lamps or they are few and far between. There is no gutter and no garbage disposal system. Stray cows and dogs serve as a garbage disposal squad. The latter also bite at will. Our land is being raped and looted and mineral wealth sold to Chinese who reward us with cheap low quality sleepers and electronics that carry no warranty and pollute our landfill. I am appalled and frustrated at the quality of service in our municipality and other government institutions. This then is the government's appraisal card.Arvind Khandeparkar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11800799", "title": "Five acres go missing from Cusat campus", "text": "KOCHI: Close to five acres belonging to Cochin University of Science and Technology (CUSAT) is missing, and a resurvey of the 183.5 acre-campus should be ordered, a public interest litigation filed before the Kerala high court claimed on Tuesday.Considering the petition, chief justice Manjula Chellur and justice PR Ramachandra Menon asked Cusat and state government to file affidavits explaining their stance on the allegation.According to the petitioner, Girish Babu, a total of 183.47 acres was handed over to Cusat by Kerala University in 1971. In a resurvey conducted in 1996, it was revealed that the campus has an area of 178.55 acres, the petitioner said. After Cusat intimated the revenue department, a government order was passed in June 2008, allowing the university to measure the property again. The survey was carried out in 2009 by the survey superintendent of Ernakulam based on a previous resurvey map of 1996. In the 1996 survey, the total land under Cusat was found to be 178.55 acres, whereas the actual area was 183.47 acres. The petitioner said there were serious omissions in the resurvey map of 1996. He pointed out that 51.5 cents of land was marked in the resurvey map as within university boundaries in the 1996 map whereas the area is seen marked outside Cusat's boundaries in the new survey sketch of 2009.The petition, filed through advocate Joseph Rony Jose, claims Cusat was not informed about the survey. Further, illegal roads have been constructed within the campus without obtaining permission from the government. Despite all these, neither the university nor the government has done anything to identify the missing land, the petitioner said.Future developmental activities of Cusat, will be affected by the mismatch in survey maps and would even prevent the university from getting IIT status later on, the petition said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "bhadhohi", "code": "11800122", "title": "Rahul says posts create hurdles between people", "text": "BHADHOHI: Having made it clear that he was not obsessed with becoming the prime minister, Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi on Tuesday termed posts as hurdles which bring distance between people.Rahul went to the extent of citing the example of his bete noirs Mulayam Singh Yadav and Mayawati to drive home his point. \"Politics does not mean posts... Posts lead to distance. ....These posts take the shape of walls \" , Gandhi said addresing an election meeting here this afternoon. He said, \"Mayawati became the chief minister, she did good work earlier...Kanshi Ram did good work...But later she got a 40 ft wall made (around her bungalow) and forgot about the people\" .Lamenting the state of affairs in Bhadhohi, the area where carpets are made, he said earlier 50 thousand people from other parts of the country used to come here and work but today people from here are being forced to go out for work.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11801644", "title": "Namma netas take a yoga break", "text": "BANGALORE: They are often part of unruly scenes and war of words turning the assembly into a battleground. But this time around, legislators twisted and turned as they performed different asanas on the premises of legislators' home.They were part of the camp, 'Yoga Vigyana Shibira' , organized by the department of Ayush on Tuesday as a prelude to the International Conference on Yoga, Naturopathy and Arogya Expo (ICYN 2012). Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda participated too.MLAs and MLCs performed various yogasanas under the expert guidance of yoga guru K Raghavendra R Pai. \"Yoga is an ideal cure for various ailments. It should be adopted by everyone, including the elected representatives who work under a lot of pressure . Yoga will help overcome any kind of crisis. To promote yoga, the government will make special allocation in the budget,\" the CM said.The government will hold another yoga camp for those involved in preparing the budget . Urging people to adopt yoga as a way of living, the CM said: \"I have noticed how legislators become tired by the time they reach Vidhana Soudha to attend the session. They can participate in debates by rejuvenating themselves through yoga.\"The participants performed pranayama, mudras, and dharana , which have the potential to curb ailments like arthritis , diabetes and depression.Adalat to hear water woes todayYou can air your water problems here. BWSSB will hold a Water Adalat of Central 2 sub-division on Wednesday from 9.30am to 11am at the office of assistant executive engineer , Central - I , High Grounds.The following disputes will be heard: disruption in water supply, sanitary connection, mode of distribution and timings . Consumers staying at High Grounds and Coles Park service station limits can attend the Adalat. Call 22238888 to lodge complaints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "11801716", "title": "She loves making little booties, frocks for baby", "text": "DUGRI: Twenty-seven-year-old Damanpreet, a resident of Dugri Phase I, Urban Estate, is busy weaving a sweater for her 4-year-old daughter Ustatpreet, so that she can snuggle in it whenever she needs some warmth.Daman has been in love with knitting ever since she learnt it as part of her home science subject in her college days. She had given up knitting for some time after her college but revived her love after marriage and especially after giving birth to her daughter. \"I wanted to knit for my daughter so that she can feel my touch around her all the times. Since then, I have knitted frocks, sweaters and even small bed covers in different colours,\" said Daman.She, however, does not forget to mention that her mother-in-law Mohinderpal Kaur, who is very skilled in knitting, helps her a lot in making new designs and styles. \"I have learnt a lot from her and she also encourages me and spends a quality time with me, which has helped me improve my skills,\" she said.Pink, white, green and all light shades like beige are her favourites and she has knitted sweaters for Ustat in all these shades.Now she wants to knit for her husband, \"I would be knitting a black sweater for my husband Varinderpreet Singh, as black is his favourite colour,\" she said. She is keeping all sweaters of her daughter safely to show her later when she grows up. It will give her a glimpse of my love for her, she states.Daman added that when she learnt knitting in her college days, she found it interesting but did not love it the way she does today. The reason for this is that now she knits for her family members, which gives her a lot of satisfaction and a good feeling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11802251", "title": "Relief for godown crash survivor as IGGMC pays for treatment", "text": "NAGPUR: His frail body and shivering lips gave away signs of the agony he had been through for over a week. Financial help from the hospital authorities helped Chainlal Patle, one of the several labourers in the ill-fated godown at Kalamna's Chikhli layout last week, get his broken bones mended.The 30-year-old Tumsar resident had started working at the godown only a month before it collapsed. During the accident, a chunk of wall fell on his thigh and was there for almost four hours before the help came. In the process, the thigh bone (femur) got fractured and dislodged. A surgery was required to fix the problem that was performed on Tuesday morning. The operation that would have cost anywhere between 40,000 and 50,000 in a private set-up was performed using the funds from the kitty of Mayo hospital or Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital (IGGMCH), as it is formally called.\"In addition to the cost of the operation, many of the medicines are also being provided by the hospital. Still we have already coughed up as much as 4,000 during the last week. This has been a big expense and getting help from the hospital for the operation was a big relief,\" said Chainlal's brother Madan. He added that the family still has to spend on some expensive medicines.Patle would need to stay at the hospital for another eight days and most medicines that he needs to take are being provided by the hospital, like it does in case of all BPL patients. \"It would take another couple of months for the bone to be fused and for Chainlal to start walking. Till then, he would have to use a metal walker to help regain the ability to walk on his own. We are thinking of providing it to him ourselves,\" informed Dr MR Koichade, head of the orthopaedic department of the hospital, who performed the surgery. He added that such concessional treatments were forthcoming for victims of such mass disasters.While public hospitals provide free treatment and medication, usually the patients have to incur the cost of equipments like the rods used for fusing bones or other such things, however, in Patle's case the hospital paid for the rod also. Dr Mohan Khamgaonkar, the medical superintendent said, \"The college funds were used to buy the rod inserted in Patle's leg with the permission of the dean Dr Prakash Wakode. This decision was taken keeping in mind the scale of the casualty and on humanitarian grounds.\" The dean, however, believed that the most important thing was that the patient's problem was solved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11801754", "title": "Spartans 2012 bid goodbye to school", "text": "LUDHIANA: It was an emotional day as the pioneer batch of Sat Paul Mittal School, the Spartans 2012, were bid adieu during a farewell party on Tuesday. A valediction ceremony was organized at the school wherein students of Class XI presented a splendid cultural fiesta.The evening witnessed rocking performances by students who were clad in finery and looked dazzling. The ramp walk was followed by a question-answer round wherein students answered the questions of judges with poise.The annual cultural extravaganza was followed by a special ceremony in which students of outgoing batch lit candles and handed them as a symbol of passing the legacy and honour of the school to fellow Satyans of Class XI, who vowed to uphold the dignity and honour of school.Principal Bhupinder Gogia expressed firm faith in the ideals and values bestowed by the school and hoped that the spirit of a true Satyan would remain alive in the students forever.She later presented mementoes and gave away the following titles: Tejasvi Chaudhary and Anna Kler were adjudged Mr Satyan 2012 and Ms Satyan 2012, Jaisal Brar and Keshni Kumar were adjudged Mr Confident and Ms Confident, Sanjit Bakshi and Akshita Singhal were awarded the title of Mr Million Dollar Smile and Ms Million Dollar Smile and the title of Ms Belinda's Locks was conferred upon Mugdha Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "erode", "code": "11801184", "title": "Two killed and four injured in boiler explosion near Erode", "text": "ERODE: Two workers, including a woman, were killed on the spot and four others were seriously injured in a boiler explosion in a private cloth calendaring unit at Veerappan Chathiramin near Kothikaran Thottam on the Erode - Sathyamangalam Highway on Tuesday.Police said six workers were doing the routine in the cloth calendaring unit owned by one Murugan. Suddenly, the boiler exploded killing Murthy (31) and Vani (38) on the spot and injuring four other workers.While three injured persons were admitted in a private hospital, one was admitted at Erode General Hospital. The bodies were sent to Erode General Hospital for post-mortem. Further investigation is on, police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11801837", "title": "New mandate for use of choppers", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Election Commission is learnt to have held a meeting with the officials of the Directorate General Civil Aviation (DGCA) directing them to ensure foolproof arrangements for safety of the VVIP politicians who use choppers and small aircraft for campaigning before the election as well as on the polling day.\"Instructions like chopper rotors must come to a standstill before the first chopper door is opened, passengers being briefed and reminded to go to the other side of the flying machine from the front of the helicopter and not from its tail side,\"said an official. Agencies operating the choppers must ensure that the helipads are in place at least 24 hours in advance and must submit the details of the flight route, time and duration of every flight in advance with the DGCA and the local Air Traffic Control under which the flight has to originate.Technical clearance for \"fit-to-fly\" or being air-worthy must be obtained 24 hours before flight and in case of any eventuality, the staff on board and the agency operating the aircraft will be held responsible for the same in case of a technical fault. The DGCA has also arranged for on the spot surveillance checks.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11801260", "title": "Nizam's Ghost scores a century", "text": "HYDERABAD: In the city for celebrating the centenary of the sixth Nizam's Rolls Royce Silver Ghost car on Tuesday, former princess Esra said that two Napiers from the Nizam's royal car collection will be restored by next year. One of these 103-year-old cars will also be displayed at the Cartier Travel with Style Concour de Elegance in New Delhi next year. Including the Rolls Royce, there are a total 11 cars at the Chowmahalla Palace on display.Reacting to some news reports that even Chowmahalla Palace is slated to be converted into a five-star hotel, the princess made it clear that there were no such plans and the palace would continue as a museum and would only be strengthened in the days to come.She told the media that the cost of restoring the Silver Ghost was Rs 50 lakh and was borne by Cartier. As part of the centenary celebrations, a four kilogram cake replica of Mir Mahboob Ali Khan's Silver Ghost was made by Anna Durai, a student of the Sri Shakti College of Hotel Management, and displayed at the Chowmahalla Palace. The budding chef took 72 hours to make the cake.Ending the speculation pertaining to the sale of the Nazri Bagh Palace, Esra said, \"The palace hasn't been sold so far. We haven't finalised anything yet. We have renovated Chowmahalla and Falaknuma Palaces so far.\" She said that the news that the palace has been sold to a jewellery-chain was a rumour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11799790", "title": "Optimism, pessimism &amp; cancer", "text": "MUMBAI: When 64-year-old Sunil Bhatt was diagnosed with colon cancer four years ago, he and his wife decided to keep quiet about it. \"We decided not to share the news with anyone apart from the immediate family,\" said the businessman from Bandra.Their main aim was to keep \"doomsday predictions\" at bay. \"I would attend parties after getting discharged from Lilavati Hospital after a chemotherapy session. I would smile and talk in a positive tone,\" said Bhatt (name changed), whose battle with the Big C restarted a few months ago.On Monday, cricketer Yuvraj Singh voiced similar sentiments. He has been quoted as telling friends that he chose the US for treatment to avoid \"unwarranted and sentimental attention\" that could have dampened his mood.In a report in TOI on Tuesday, Yuvraj praised the \"matter-of-fact attitude\" of the medical staff and patients in the US towards cancer. \"People come in for treatment and leave the hospital after a cup of coffee, smiling,\" a source close to the family told TOI. \"It isn't like India where cancer is treated virtually like a death warrant.\"Are Indians, as a rule, negative about cancer? The medical community is divided. Dr Tejinder Singh from Fortis Hospital in Vashi concurs, \"Indians still hold the belief that cancer means cancel.\" Patients, too, come in with a negative frame of mind. \"Patients have a fear of death, they have a fear of relapse. But this is a universal fear, be it in India or the US,\" said the doctor who blames poor awareness for such belief.Dr Rajan Badwe, director of Tata Memorial Hospital, said cancer was a big fear in all countries. \"But in India, visitors make a difference. It is an Asian trait to give advice and patients are told about ayurvedic or homoeopathic cures,\" he said. That's why Bhatt kept mum about his cancer. \"People relate half-baked truths without verifying They never consider how it can affect a patient's attitude,'' added Bhatt.But Dr Badwe believes that more than relatives, it is the patient's attitude that matters. \"Some can take all the advice and still be positive, while some become miserable. Such reactions depends on the patient and cannot be applied to entire society,\" said Dr Badwe.The problem in India, said experts, was poor awareness. \"Very few understand that mediastinal seminoma, the cancer that Yuvraj has, established to the world decades ago that chemotherapy can cure,\" said Dr Singh. People seek treatment only when the disease and symptoms are quite advanced. Consider this: while 70-80% of breast cancer cases in the West have a positive outcome, the opposite is true in India as patients come in too late.But the attitude is changing, slowly but surely. Said Dr Suresh Advani, medical oncologist from Jaslok and S L Raheja hospitals, \"A few decades ago, one would get patients who didn't want treatmentafter hearing the diagnosis. They would return home and wait.But now, people come earlier than before seeking treatment.\" He said even patients whose cancer recurred now wanted treatment.\"This wasn't the case earlier. With better knowledge, we can ensure people don't panic on hearing about it. In the West, people are bombarded with information on cancer, and this helps them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11801033", "title": "Sec 27 accident: Driver arrested", "text": "GURGAON: The city police have arrested the driver of the school bus that had met with an accident in Sector-27 on Monday morning. The accused, Sukhbir, a resident of Wazirabad village in Gurgaon, was produced in a city court on Tuesday and was granted bail later.Moreover, a case under section 188 of IPC (disobedience to order duly promulgated by public servant, in this case the deputy commissioner) has been added against the school management by the local police in the FIR. The incident happened on Monday morning when the bus - ferrying 30 students of Sun City School in Sector 54 - lost control and rammed into four cars - an SX4, a Getz, a Scorpio and a Wagon R - parked along the boundary wall of house number 493 in Sector 27, before hitting a live electric pole.However, no one was injured in the incident. The police had registered a case under Sections 279, 336 and 427 of IPC for rash and negligent driving and causing loss to public property against the 52-year-old driver, an ex-servicemen, on the complaint of one Manish Kumar. According to the house owner, V K Khanna, a senior bank official, the accident happened at the turn right next to his house which is dangerous as one cannot judge an oncoming vehicle due to a sharp bend in the road. The school had, however, in a statement said that the bus met with an accident due to a technical problem which the mechanic/company needs to verify.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11801366", "title": "Kokapet land hearing adjourned", "text": "HYDERABAD: A division bench of the AP high court comprising Chief Justice Madan B Lokur and Justice PV Sanjay Kumar on Tuesday heard attorney general Ghulam E Vahanvathi and adjourned to March 6 the appeal filed by HMDA on the Kokapet land.The HMDA was earlier directed to refund approximately Rs 460 crore to those who purchased land at Kokapet in the 'Golden Mile Auction'.However, it failed to hand over the possession of the land to the purchasers as some private individuals claimed its ownership. The aggrieved parties filed writ petitions demanding the refund of their money. A single judge allowed the writ petitions and directed the HMDA to return the money to the petitions. Appearing before the bench, the attorney general informed the court that in a parallel development, another bench had reserved its verdict on the ownership claims.Therefore, as the verdict would have a bearing on this claim, the case should be adjourned, he said. The bench accordingly adjourned the matter to March 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11801477", "title": "Rs 1.75 crore land compensation scam unearthed", "text": "HYDERABAD: A minor doubt over structural compensation to owners of 10 properties, being acquired for road-widening for the Hyderabad Metro Rail, helped the district administration unearth a Rs 1.75 crore compensation scam. If the fraud was not detected, a land acquisition officer and her aides would have pocketed the entire amount.The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has been acquiring properties on the Musheerabad-Narayanguda stretch to widen the road to 100 feet for the metro rail project. The metro corridor 2 (JBS to Falaknuma) passes through Musheerabad and about 300 properties would get affected.For widening the road, the land acquisition (LA) wing of the corporation has got approval from the Hyderabad joint collector for payment of land and structural compensation.The GHMC special deputy collector and land acquisition officer (LAO) sent a proposal (file number AA/830/2008) to acquire 29 properties in ward number 65, Block L of Bakaram village in Musheerabad mandal covering an extent of 1091.74 square yards, to the joint collector in July, 2011 for his approval. The joint collector okayed the payment of Rs 5.49 crore as compensation to the owners of the properties.GHMC land acquisition officer Suryakala again prepared another file (No. AA/60/2009) for acquiring 17 properties in the same Bakaram area in Musheerabad. To embezzle the amount by showing acquisition of properties, the second file was sent for approval to Hyderabad joint collector Yogita Rana in the second week of January, 2012. The joint collector became suspicious when preliminary valuation of only 12 properties was attached to the file. He asked the special deputy collector of land acquisition in the Hyderabad collectorate to do valuation of all the 17 properties.As they were progressing with their work, the officials were shocked to discover that of the 17 properties, compensation for 10 covering an extent of 339.22 sq yards was approved in July 2011.On discovering this fraud, Hyderabad collector Natarajan Gulzar ordered a thorough inquiry into the irregularities and sent a detailed report to the principal secretary, municipal administration and urban development department, and also the revenue department on the irregularities in awarding compensation. He also recommended action against GHMC land acquisition officer Suryakala and others. The LAO had knowledge that the 10 properties were included for the second time as the first 29 property owners were given notices on the compensation payment on December 31, 2011, 10 days before the second file was sent for approval.The inquiry also found that a section assistant and a deputy tehsildar played a key role in processing the file from the beginning by getting all the required documents.The EE project division-1 officials have prepared structural value for the 29 properties at the time of the first notification. Photocopies of the same drawings and structural values of 10 properties were used for the second time. The inquiry found that the engineering officials were also involved and had the knowledge of the irregularities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11798950", "title": "GU makes changes in BEd norms", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat University has changed the rules and regulations concerning the pass marks of BEd and MEd courses so as to benefit the students.Earlier, students were required to score 40 per cent marks in practical exam and 50 per cent marks in theory papers. Also, they were required to score an aggregate 50 per cent marks in the exams to pass their courses.The GU has changed these rules where the mandatory aggregate score of 50 per cent marks has been done away with. \"The rules have been changed to benefit the students. A number of students used to score pass marks in individual practical and theory exam but fail to score 50 per cent aggregate marks. This used to result in students wasting a year,\" GU vice chancellor Parimal Trivedi said.The students who failed to get aggregate 50 per cent marks were given Allowed To Keep Term (ATKT) and had to reappear in the exams.Generally, BEd colleges post 90 per cent result, while the MEd colleges post more than 95 per cent result.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11800330", "title": "Argument may have sparked man\u2019s rage attack on parents", "text": "NEW DELHI: An argument may have led Chandra Mohan Dhingra to attack his parents at their Krishna Nagar residence in east Delhi. Harnam Singh was declared 'brought dead' in hospital, while his wife, Kailash Rani, 55, is undergoing treatment for head injuries.Dhingra's motive is not known but police suspect an argument set off his rage attack. Police said Dhingra, who is unmarried, seemed emotionally unstable and had also injured himself. Neighbours reported hearing cries from the house early in the morning when Dhingra is believed to have attacked his parents again, not stopping till his father's reflexes died out completely. \"He locked all the doors from inside and remained in front of his bloodied parents for the rest of the night. He also inflicted injuries upon himself,\" said a senior police officer.The Dhingras' neighbours discovered the crime when nobody stepped out of the house till late morning. They entered the house from the terrace, saw what had happened and called the police. \"We received a call around 9.25am. On breaking down the door, we found Chandra Mohan sitting injured. His mother lay bleeding while his father showed no sign of life. At Hedgewar Hospital, Harnam Singh was declared brought dead while his wife was admitted for treatment,\" said a senior police officer.Dhingra, too, is admitted at the hospital. \"A case of murder has been registered as per the statement given by Dhingra's mother and he has been arrested. Further investigations are on,\" said Prabhakar, DCP East, adding the accused could not be interrogated as he is in hospital.The hospital authorities said Dhingra's father died of excessive bleeding and severe head injuries inflicted with a heavy metal object. \"His mother is out of danger but has been kept under observation as she, too, has severe head injuries. Dhingra, though hurt, is not critical,\" said Dr Ashok Dua of Hedgewar Hospital. Family members said Dhingra had been wayward since his childhood and often hit his parents.Six months ago, the police had to be called during one such assault. He was booked but bailed out by his parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11800568", "title": "The fight is on for tickets in all major parties", "text": "PANAJI: More claimants for tickets, winnability concerns and other last-minute glitches are delaying the announcement of candidates for both of the two main alliance groups-the Congress-NCP and the BJP-MGP.After allotting the Tivim constituency to the MGP, the BJP is now reportedly having second thoughts and wants it back for its former MLA Sadanand Tanavade. In exchange, the BJP has offered St Cruz to the MGP. Sources said that this has already been agreed to by both sides in talks held on Tuesday, and the formal announcement will come on Wednesday.But the plot thickens in St Cruz where the MGP candidate is reported to be none other than Dinar Tarcar. Tarcar, a mining tycoon, contested unsuccessfully against opposition leader Manohar Parrikar in Panaji in 2007.Sources said that this time, he was seeking the BJP ticket for St Cruz but the BJP were reluctant due to Tarcar's \"illegal mining\" tag. Parrikar had named him in the report on illegal mining. So fielding him on the MGP label is am convenient way of letting him in via the side door, observers pointed out. The other constituency where the BJP is having some trouble over selection of its candidate is Bicholim. The move to give the ticket to Naresh Sawal who quit the Congress two days ago, has been received with much opposition.The party workers have compared the BJP to Congress saying it is giving tickets based on winnability and other extraneous factors and not on work done by the party workers.Sawal's candidature is strongly opposed by veteran BJP worker Kanta Patnekar while zilla panchayat member Shilpa Naik and manohar Shirodkar are ticket claimants.The Congress-NCP combine are also caught in a similar dilemma. The Mayem constituency has become the bone of contention. The NCP were demanding either Cortalim or Mandrem-two seats it considered winnable for their candidates, Sangeeta Parab and Ramakant Borkar respectively. But with Vishwajit Rane taking Mandrem for Dayanand Sopte and Mauvin Godinho snatching Cortalim for Caetano Xavier, the NCP are forced to accept Mayem constituency with a Congress-sponsored candidate.Unfortunately, there are two of these. One is Ravi Naik's son Roy and the other is Panaji deputy mayor Rudresh Chodankar, reportedly supported by education minister Atanasio Monseratte and health minister Vishwajit Rane. The NCP argument is that when one is rejected over the other, the rejected candidate will contest as independent, split votes and lose the seat for the NCP. So the NCP is still negotiating to get a \"winnable seat\", either in Cortalim or Mandrem, sources said.In other constituencies, there are at least two claimants for tickets each. In Mapusa, municipal chairperson Ashish Shirodkar is likely to given preference over party president Surendra Sirsat while for the Porvorim seat, Mahila president Fermeena Khaunte is vying with Venkatesh Moni Prabhu.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11802148", "title": "Garment import from Bangladesh to hit trade in MP", "text": "INDORE: The decision of the garment traders to import garments from Bangladesh, has left them in jittery situation. Imports will badly affect the garment industry in the state as the cost of production and labour costs here are much higher as compared to that in Bangladesh.Recently a delegation of garment traders from India who visited Bangladesh had assured to import garments that are about 20% cheaper than Indian garments. There are about 1,500 wholesalers and 3,000 retail units in Indore alone. Out of these, nearly eight units have already reported to be shifting to Bangladesh, where labour and power tariffs are comparatively very low. To add to the woes of garment traders, strengthening of Indian rupee against the dollar has further encouraged the traders in the state to look towards Bangladesh. The Indian Rupee, which had earlier weakened against the dollar and gone down to Rs 52, has climbed back to Rs 48. It has also encouraged the imports of the readymade garments from Bangladesh. Dhanraj Wadhwani, president, retail cloth merchant association, Rajwada, said, \"In case Bangladeshi cloth markets begin to pour in, then it will simply make our survival difficult.\"People will prefer Bangladeshi clothes to the ones manufactured within the state. As a result, the local cloth traders will be affected badly. Moreover, it will lead to increase in unemployment in the state, he added. At present, the cloth merchants in the state are paying only 1% in form of entry tax to the government. However, the tax was likely to go upto 7% from April 1, when 5% of VAT and 2% of CST also become applicable on textiles. Moreover, import duty, which used to be 10% of the value of import of textiles in past, has been completely waived off by the Indian government since last year. \"It has also jolted us,\" said M C Rawat, secretary, MP Textile Mill Association.When it comes to textile, the stitching charges are less in Bangladesh as compared to that in the state. We are paying a sum of Rs 7000 per month to the tailors in the state per month, whereas it was merely Rs 2500 in Bangladesh, said Rawat. There are nearly 1,20,000 labour working in the textile manufacturing sector of the state as of now. SK Bagchi, former textile commissioner of India, advised the apparel manufacturers in the state to set up large-scale units in the sector.S P Oswal, chairman of Oswal group, predicted that total value of import of apparels from Bangladesh may cross the mark of $ 1 billion over a period of 3-5 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11801750", "title": "Guv allegations are motivated, says Bannurmath", "text": "BANGALORE: Breaking his silence of nearly three months, former Kerala high court chief justice S R Bannurmath , who withdrew from the Lokayukta race on Monday, has said allegations made by governor H R Bhardwaj were politically motivated.\"The governor has alleged there are other reasons to reject my name which cannot be disclosed. This can only be seen as a ploy to give room for other political considerations . Such vague and bald public statements did not give me an opportunity to answer them,\" Justice Bannurmath told reporters here on Tuesday . The former CJ said he was deeply hurt by the governor's statements projecting him as a \"corrupt, characterless and tainted'' chief justice. He said the governor has made unsubstantiated allegations without following the basic principles of natural justice \"which could have enabled me to counter such charges\" , Justice Bannurmath said.According to Bannurmath , he didn't counter the allegations hoping the government would order a probe into them. \"It never happened and has given way to more vitriolic allegations. Finally, I'm forced to reply through the media,\" he added.On his decision to write to chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda pulling out of the Lokayukta race, Justice Bannurmath said: \"I'm tired of answering painful questions. I made such a request (to pull out) not because of allegations or that I was scared; I just wanted to stay away from this for some peace of mind.''Why only me?Did governor H R Bhardwaj err in consenting to the appointment of the second Upa Lokayukta, Justice Chandrashekaraiah , after stonewalling the appointment of Justice S R Bannurmath for the Lokayukta post? Justice Bannurmath believes so. \"Why was no objection raised in his (Justice Chandrashekaraiah) case and also in the case of 80 other judges who own sites in Judicial Layout?\" he asked.Cites Sc Order In His DefenceCharge:Being an HC judge, not entitled for a site in the Judicial Department Employees' Society LayoutJustice Bannurmath:False. The high court dismissed a petition in this regard, which was upheld by the Supreme Court. The top court says judges are government servants and judicial department employees. This renders baseless the earlier argument that judges were public functionaries and didn't qualify to get sites in Judicial Layout.Lokayukta LogjamState to get new Lokayukta soonWithin two days, the process to appoint a Lokayukta will commence and the selection will be done in consultation with the panel, chief minister Sadananda Gowda said on Tuesday.Gowda said the views of the presiding officers of both Houses, opposition leaders and chief justice of the high court will be taken before the name is sent to governor HR Bhardwaj for approval.With Gowda's purported unilateral decision of appointing Justice Chandrashekariah as the second Upa Lokayukta turning out to be a focal point of BJP politics, there's speculation that the new Lokayukta will be finalized at the Race Course residence of former CM B S Yeddyurappa.Yeddyurappa was said to be unhappy about Gowda not consulting him while appointing Chandrashekaraiah. State BJP president KS Eshwarappa reportedly told Gowda on Monday that the former CM should have been consulted.Search for the new Lokayukta hasn't begun as most judges in Karnataka own more than one residential site. Now, the government is looking for a person outside the state. A minister said former SC judge Sri Krishna has rejected the offer, while the government has never approached Justices N K Sodhi or Kuranga.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11798788", "title": "Kingfisher \r tie-up snap: Family stranded at Seoul airport", "text": "MUMBAI: Kingfisher Airlines let its passengers down yet again leaving them stranded at Seoul airport for a day on February 5.Four passengers, all members of the same family, were not intimated by the airline that its alliance with Korean Air has been cancelled by the International Air Traffic Association (IATA), and that the flight ticket issued by Kingfisher for the Seoul-Hong Kong flight on the Korean airways would stand annulled.The passengers reached the airport and were denied boarding by the staff of the Korean airlines. Eventually, they had to buy new tickets to reach Hong Kong and take their connecting flight to India.A businessman from Goa, Ramkishan Chopra, had booked four Goa-Seoul-Goa tickets from Kingfisher airline office. Chopra had travelled to Seoul with his parents and sister due to a medical emergency in the first week of January. Ramkishan's father, Gangasharan (85), underwent brain surgery while his mother, Vinita (80), had a spine operation.They were due to take their flight back to India on February 5. \"Kingfisher had booked them on a Korean Air flight (KE 619) from Seoul to Hong Kong. From Hong Kong, we were supposed to board another Kingfisher flight to Mumbai and then Goa,\" Ramkishan said.\"I called the airline officials on February 3 to check the flight status. When I checked the airline's website and found that my flight status was confirmed. I also got an email from the airline confirming my return journey the same day,\" he added.\"However, when we reached the airport, Korean Air staff refused to accept the ticket saying that their alliance with Kingfisher has been terminated,\" Ramkishan claimed. The only solution that the airline offered was that the passengers buy new tickets to Seoul. \"I had already spent Rs 40,000 per ticket when I booked the trip. I had to pay another $1,000 to buy fresh tickets on a Thai airways flight to Hong Kong,\" said Chopra.\"This was after I spent six hours at the airport trying to call Kingfisher customer care which kept me on hold for long and all calls eventually got disconnected,'' he added. Chopra said that his parents were on wheelchair and had a tough time moving around from one place to the other. The Chopra's eventually stayed at a friend's house and took a Thai airways flight to Hong Kong on Tuesday. \"Later, the airline customer care called back and said that they will refund the ticket amount,'' Chopra said. Chopra eventually reached Mumbai late on Tuesday evening.A Kingfisher airline spokesperson said, \"There was some technical issue in this case and an inquiry is under way. We deeply regret any inconvenience caused to our valued guests on this account and will reimburse the guests.\" The airline was suspended from the clearing house of IATA on February 1 for failing to settle inter-line accounts. The suspension took away Kingfisher's privilege to issue tickets of other airlines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11801559", "title": "TNEB raises Rs 2,000cr from state bodies", "text": "CHENNAI: While the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) waits for the go-ahead for its proposed tariff hike, the cash-strapped utility is pushing for a government guarantee to be able to raise funds through bank loans.The board, which has losses of 40,000 crore and owes power vendors more than 10,000 crore, has however received temporary relief with 2,200 crore being invested by various government bodies in Tamil Nadu Power Finance Corporation (TNPFC).TNEB had planned to raise 6,000 crore through bonds to settle part of its debts and the government had given a guarantee to raise the sum through TNPFC. \"January, February and March are lean months for sale of bonds so we are trying to convince the government to give us a guarantee to take loans from banks,\" a senior TNEB official said.The power utility intends to take a loan of 5,000 crore to meet its revenue expenses. \"When the market improves, we will raise 1,000 crore through bonds. The money will be used for power purchase, maintenance and other expenses,\" said the official.But getting a loan will not be easy for the board. The banks are waiting for the revised tariff to come into effect. \"If our tariff proposal goes through, we will be able to cover revenue losses,\" the official said.\"Government departments and educational institutions have invested 2,200 crore in TNPFC in the past six months. The funds will be used to meet expenses including salary that amount to 3,300 crore,\" he said.With loans weighing heavily on the board and affecting its operations, officials say they have no option but to hike the cost of power. Three public hearings on the tariff hike were held in Chennai, Coimbatore and Trichy and one more is scheduled in Madurai on February 10. The Tamil Nadu Electricity Regulatory Commission (TNERC) will then take a decision on the tariff proposal.Some officials say the hike could be put into effect mid-March, but others are sceptical that it can be implemented so soon. They say the Sankarankoil bypoll has to be conducted and political compulsions could cause a delay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11801937", "title": "Budget 2012-13 to be tabled on March 16", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Tuesday said the Budget will be presented on March 16, more than two weeks later than usual, on account of assembly polls in five states. The annual financial statement along with the Finance Bill and the Appropriations Bill will be presented by FM Pranab Mukherjee four days after the Budget session starts with President Pratibha Patil's address to both Houses of Parliament. This will be followed by a debate on the motion of thanks on the President's address.The rail Budget will be presented on March 14 and the Economic Survey - the document that provides and overall assessment of the economic situation - will be tabled on March 15.\"We will be recommending to the President that Budget session may be summoned on March 12 and continue up to March 30,\" parliamentary affairs minister Pawan Kumar Bansal told reporters after a meeting of the Cabinet Committee on Parliamentary Affairs (CCPA). The minister was hopeful of Opposition's co-operation in transaction of financial business.The second part of the Budget session, after a three-week recess during which Parliamentary Standing Committees deliberate on proposals of different ministries, will be held from April 24 to May 22. This is only the third time when the Budget presentation has been delayed. The first time was in the mid-70s, and again in the mid-1990s. Traditionally, the Budget is presented on the last day of February.As reported first by TOI, this year the government chose to defer the Budget due to elections in five states - Uttar Pradesh, Punjab, Goa, Uttarakhand and Manipur - that will be completed on March 4 and counting is slated for March 6.Mukherjee, who will be presenting his fifth Budget in a row, including the interim Budget in 2009, faces a tough task with the economy slowing down and a fiscal problem at hand. At the same time, the global economic situation remaining grim and coalition politics restricts his ability to take hard decisions.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11801135", "title": "Saminathan's judicial custody extended till Feb 21", "text": "COIMBATORE: Senior DMK leader and former minister, Vellakovil Saminathan's judicial custody has been extended ina land grab case till February 21 by a Kangayam court on Tuesday. He will be lodged at the Coimbatore Central Prison during this period.When he was produced before the court, he requested permission to get treatment for blood pressure and diabetes outside the prison hospital. He said the prison hospital did not have adequate facilities. The court has directed jail authorities to take him to CMCH for a detailed medical checkup on Wednesday.Saminathan was taken to Kangeyam judicial magistrate court from Coimbatore Central Prison by Tirupur police. His lawyer K Selvaraj had filed two petitions in court. While the first petition pertained to his above mentioned health concerns, the second one stated that he was being held in police custody illegally.Earlier, judicial custody was granted until February 6, on which date he was to be produced before the court. However, Tirupur police failed to do so as the judge there was on leave. A video conferencing facility was arranged but it was cut short by a technical snag. As his custody was not extended, Saminathan claimed that he was being illegally held since Monday evening. But the Kangeyam court dismissed this petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11800509", "title": "UK MP Keith Vaz to meet Bidve family in Mumbai", "text": "PUNE: British member of parliament Keith Vaz is to meet the family members of Anuj Bidve, the engineering student from Pune who was killed in Manchester city last December. The meeting will take place on February 11.An e-mail communication from Vaz, who is chairman of the home affairs committee, said that he would be visiting India to 'repair relations' following Anuj's murder. The mail also stated that Vaz was 'keen to encourage Indian students to study in the UK' and strengthen the relations between the two countries. Anuj was doing an MS in Microelectronics course at Lancaster University, when he was killed.During his visit from February 11 to 17, Vaz will meet the Bidves on his arrival on Saturday in Mumbai and later visit New Delhi. He had already met the Bidve family in the UK, when they had gone there to claim Anuj's body in the first week of January. Vaz will also hand over donations from the Anuj Bidve Memorial Fund to the Bidve family on Saturday, said the official mail from Vaz's office.When contacted, Rakesh Sonawane, Anuj's brother-in-law said, \"Anuj's father Subhash, mother Yogini, sister Nehal and I will meet Vaz in Mumbai at a hotel near the international airport. We have already been informed about the visit. Vaz had helped us during our visit to the UK.\"The UK government, especially the Greater Manchester Police (GMP) had faced criticism when Anuj's family learnt of the attack on him and his death through Facebook posts. Two officials from the GMP had later visited the Bidve family in Pune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11801242", "title": "Man sentenced to life for killing wife", "text": "COIMBATORE: First additional district judge court has sentenced a 44-year-old person who murdered his wife in 2010 near Pollachi in Coimbatore district for life. V Ramasamy alias Ravi, a load man of Rasakkapalayam near Pollachi, had borrowed Rs 19,500 from his neighbour Thulasiram in 2010, but refused to repay the amount. His wife, Nagarathinam, pledged her gold chain without the knowledge of her husband to Thulasiram and assured him that she would get back the chain after he returned the amount. When Ramasamy came to know that his wife had pledged the jewel, he got angry with her.He started to harass his wife and often beat her for pledging the jewel without his knowledge. Meanwhile, Thulasiram handed over the chain to Nagarathinam. On October 20, 2010, Ramasamy attacked his wife with a wooden log. She sustained head injuries and died.Ramasamy was arrested and lodged in Coimbatore central prison.However, Ramasamy obtained bail and the case was in first additional district judged court. The court gave him a life term and fined him Rs 20,000 on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11802558", "title": "Women not content with 72 reserved seats", "text": "NAGPUR: For the first time, the civic elections on February 16 will have half of the 145 seats reserved for women in an attempt to empower them.The state government had approved 50% reservation for women in local self-government bodies in March, 2010.Against the 73 seats reserved for women, as many as 792 women contenders have filed nomination forms.Interestingly, around 35 women, including former mayor and sitting BJP corporator Maya Iwnate are contesting against male candidates in open seats. Some 1,123 males are in the fray for the 72 open wards.Of the 12 zones, Ashi Nagar zone with seven prabhags have received the maximum response from women candidates, as 115 women are in the fray. It is followed by Shanti Nagar zone (six prabhags) with 79 candidates, 73 each in Lakadganj and Satranjipura, 72 each in Narendra Nagar and Nehru Nagar, Hanuman Nagar (69), Mangalwari (66), 61 each in Dharampeth and Gandhibagh, and Laxmi Nagar (34).However, the fight among women aspirants is most interesting in the two seats of Nara Prabhag. For the SC category seat, there are as many as 21 women candidates contesting against male aspirants. On the other hand, 24 women have thrown their hat into the ring for the seat reserved for woman candidate.While canvassing in Nara prabhag, the 45 women candidates are listening patiently to women about problems being faced by them.\"Being a woman, it is easier to understand the problems of the women. Though development is our main agenda throughout the state, I will certainly work for the uplift of women in society,\" said former mayor Iwnate, who is busy campaigning against male contenders in Ravi Nagar. She is confident of winning the election after her wins in the last two terms.Political analysts point out that women contesting against male will made a huge difference.\"In fact, they (women) will play spoilsport,\" they added. As the number of women voters is more in North and Central Nagpur, women candidates will make a huge difference in these areas.Rajani Bhatkar, an independent candidate, is set to contest against male candidates from Vayusena Nagar. She will be facing off with 16 male candidates from prabhag number 24-A.Meanwhile, women candidates like Babita Dhakate, Maya Lakhote and Congress candidate Abha Pande, from Prabhag Number 31-B (Maskasath) are focusing their election campaigns around women centric issues.Expressing similar views, Rajani Bhatkar said she was assuring people of her Vayusena Nagar prabhag that if elected she would work for the uplift of women, besides taking pains to ensure all-round development of the areas in her constituency.Interestingly, there are many prabhags where females are leading compared to male candidates.In Laxmi Nagar zone, there are two prabhags (70 and 72) where more female candidates are in fray.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11800287", "title": "Confusion in Porvorim over BJP candidate", "text": "PANAJI: Confusion continues over the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) candidature in Porvorim, as the BJP Porvorim mandal refused to accept Govind Parvatkar as the party's candidate for Porvorim. Mandal demanded to reconsider the party decision over Porvorim seat. Sources said that BJP leaders have ruled out any change in candidature for Porvorim seat.Member of Parliament Shripad Naik, leader of opposition Manohar Parrikar, organizing secretary Satish Dhond on Tuesday held a meeting with the Porvorim BJP mandal at the headquarters in Panaji to discuss and sort out differences on Parvatkar's candidature in Porvorim. Sources said that the BJP Porvorim mandal has requested party leaders to reconsider the decision of allotting ticket to Parvatkar. Sources also said that BJP leaders have told that the ticket is already announced but they will get back after deliberations. BJP state executive member Mahanand Asnodkar is an aspirant for the ticket. The Upset BJP Porvorim mandal headed by Mahanand Asnodkar on Monday night called on Parvatkar and demanded that he should reject the offer as they feel his chances are not bright. Sources in the BJP Porvorim mandal said that if it was Shripad Naik they would have accepted but they are strongly opposed Parvatkar as BJP candidate for Porvorim.Sources also said Parvatkar is an unknown face in the constituency and BJP workers are reluctant to work for him. \"If he is BJP candidate in Porvorim then BJP mandal will hardly work for Parvatkar\" added sources .Parvatkar was the last minute surprise announcement made by the BJP central election committee in the first BJP candidate list after MP Shripad Naik refused to accept the BJP ticket to contest from Porvirim.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "behrampore", "code": "11800505", "title": "Drugs seized, two held", "text": "BEHRAMPORE: Two drug smugglers were arrested from Jotekhamar village near India-Bangladesh border on Monday night. The village is known to be a haven for smugglers.Police seized 6 kg heroin, 1 kg morphine and 30 kg sodium nitrate from the duo.A special squad of Murshidabad district police led the operation and arrested Mohammed Jahiruddin and Mithyl Sheikh, who are known as heroin producers. While Jahiruddin is from Laskarpur, Mithyl is a resident of Jotekhamar. Murshidabad SP Humayun Kabir said, \"We got the clue after interrogating Salim and Halem, who had been arrested earlier. On grilling Jahiruddin and Mithyl, we seized the drugs. The international market price for the drugs seized is about Rs 6 crore.\"\"I want to stop both cattle and narcotics smuggling in the border area. If someone of my department is hands in glove with such a racket, action would be definitely taken against them. If I fail to show my capability, I will quit the post,\" said Kabir, who joined as the district chief of police eight days ago.Some people, who were cattle smugglers earlier, have shifted to producing and smuggling heroin as it is more lucrative, police sources said. These racketeers have also absorbed innocent students into their racket and are using them as shield.Kabir is also trying to set up a de-addiction centre jointly with the BSF.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "moscow", "code": "11802120", "title": "Found: Antarctic lake under ice", "text": "MOSCOW: Russian scientists claim to have achieved a major breakthrough by drilling into Antarctic lake buried under the ice for 20 million years, a feat which could offer a glimpse of unique life forms.The scientists have, in fact, drilled down through four kilometres of Antarctic ice to Lake Vostok, the largest subglacial lake in Antarctica, according to Russian news agency RIA Novosti.\"Our scientists completed drilling at a depth of 3,768 metres and reached the surface of the subglacial lake. The lake water is a moving body, and despite being almost 4km under the ice, there is an oxygen supply, and microorganisms have already been found in the ice drilled,\" a source said.\"The discovery of microorganisms in Lake Vostok may mean that, perhaps, the first meeting with extraterrestrial life could happen on Europa,\" said Vladimir Kotlyakov, Director of the Geography Institute at the Russian Academy of Sciences . Specialists at the Russian Arctic and Antarctic Research Institute will now test a sample of water from the lake, the Daily Mail online reported.Meanwhile, the state-run Russian news agency has also claimed that an extraordinary cache of German dictator Adolf Hitler's archives may be buried in a secret Nazi ice bunker near the spot. \"It is thought that towards the end of the Second World War, the Nazis moved to South Pole and started constructing a base at Lake Vostok,\" RIA Novosti said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11802061", "title": "Two-day conference on business innovation from February 11", "text": "INDORE: A two-day conference on business innovation and entrepreneurship will be organized on the premises of Prestige Institute of Management and Research from February 11.The conference is being organized with an aim to find innovative ideas and crisis-breaking theories that are required for business organizations to reinvent themselves during the period of intense market pressure.During the conference, hundreds of academicians, professionals, consultants, practitioners, scholars and students will present their research papers and case studies related to the theme.Delegates from 10 international institutes are likely to participate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11801084", "title": "No 2G verdict appeal: Veerappa Moily", "text": "CHENNAI: The central government will not challenge the SC order cancelling 121 2G licences, Union corporate affairs minister Veerappa Moily said on Tuesday. \"Now everything is over. The court has declared it. We are not going to appeal. The corporates may go in appeal. That's a different matter,\" Moily said.He said while there were some \"aberrations\" because of some irregularities, once the UPA returned to power, the policy of first-come- first-served, evolved by the previous NDA regime, was taken up for discussion at a meeting of the empowered group of ministers (eGOM) presided over by Pranab Mukherjee. \"We decided the system should be given up and we should go for open auction.\"He said the setback was only temporary. \"Ultimately the business vibrancy in the country is good, even more so in the telecom sector,\" Moily said.On the controversial Devas-Antrix deal, Moily said the PM never wanted to hide anything and had acted swiftly to scrap the pact.\"Things are coming out...two committees came out with reports. The Prime Minister does not want to hide anything, and soon as it came to his notice, he acted on it. Somewhere, it was not handled properly,\" Moily said. On former Isro chief's Madhavan Nair's claim that he was being targeted, he said, \"An opportunity will be given to him\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11802181", "title": "Expo on handloom fabrics begins today", "text": "INDORE: The New Delhi-based National Centre for Textiles Design is organising an a four-day exhibition of exclusive handloom fabrics manufactured by various weavers service centres under the theme 'Tantavi Silken' here on Wednesday.The exhibition is expected to fetch orders from the buyers. AK Agrawal, superintending engineer, Central Public Works Department, will inaugurate the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11802578", "title": "Second firing within fortnight, cops clueless", "text": "NAGPUR: Three people survived firearms attack since January this year but police is yet to detect any of them.After a trader's son managed to stave off an attack by a goon with a country-made pistol at his office at Pardi naka in January first week, a jeweller at Garoba maidan was miraculously saved despite two bullets entered his abdomen and chest while another ricocheted off the buckle of his belt last month.On Monday late night, a 9-year-old girl miraculously escaped with injuries on her left hand when a stray bullet hit her while she was riding pillion on her father's bike at Kamgar Nagar. The father-daughter duo had stopped merely out of curiosity seeing a chaotic fight near a pan kiosk.As Kalamna police is still groping in the dark regarding the incident at Pardi Naka and Nandanvan cops have got no clue about the miscreants who had fired upon Pravin Jhungade at Garoba maidan, the Jaripatka police is now facing the challenge to detect the latest case where a factory-made firearm was used to fire twice at a 16-year-old boy.Despite having identified the man who had perpetrated the attack, Jaripatka cops could not arrest the alleged culprit for reasons best known to them. It has come to fore that Kaleem Farooqui and a local teenager had a fisticuff earlier in the day after a goat came under the wheels of a four-wheeler which the accused was driving.Farooqui and his friends had thrashed the teenager who was demanding compensation after his goat was injured. The teenager and his friends had smashed the windscreen of Farooqui's car which angered him. Police said that Farooqui and four of his accomplices came on two bikes to Kamgar Nagar trying to spot the teenager who had damaged the car in morning.Farooqui and his accomplices started reigning blows on the teenager and tried to take him with them. But others saved the boyThis dramatic scene attracted Mukesh Yadav, who was heading to his residence at Deepak Nagar with daughter Sanskruti riding pillion. A bullet fired by Farooqui strayed towards the father-daughter duo injuring the girl in her left hand.This further angered the mob who attacked the assailants with lathis and pelted stones. The magazine of the firearm, meanwhile, slipped out of Farooqui's hand which was later seized by the cops with a single live cartridge in it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11800518", "title": "Najafgarh official booked for fraud", "text": "NEW DELHI: Almost a month after the Najafgarh tehsildar was suspended for his involvement in a fake certificate scam, Delhi government has lodged a police case against the officer for allegedly tampering with government records, forgery and cheating.Hundreds of domicile, income and OBC certificates were fraudulently issued in Najafgarh tehsil last year. However, tehsildar (Najafgarh), Ashok Kumar, has not been arrested yet. He has been booked under section 420 (cheating), section 218 (malintention) and 120 B (criminal conspiracy).The revenue department had filed a police complaint in January after it discovered that of the 1800-odd certificates issued between September-December 2011 by the office of the tehsildar, over 650 were allegedly issued against fake applications.Chief secretary, Delhi, P K Tripathi had suspended the tehsildar on the basis of an inquiry. Before he took over the Najafgarh tehsil in September, Kumar was in-charge of the Punjabi Bagh tehsil, which is also under scrutiny. After the racket was unearthed, Delhi government decided to extend the probe to other districts as well. All complaints and queries regarding certificates issued at tehsildar offices will now be examined at monthly reviews headed by the revenue secretary of the state. \"Domicile, income and OBC certificates are critical for admissions and employment. Any attempt to tamper with them is completely unacceptable,\" revenue secretary Vijay Dev said.Dev said that the modalities for regulating the issuance of certificates will be discussed at a meeting scheduled later this month. \"We are identifying tehsils where the maximum number of certificates are issued. We will step-up vigil in these tehsils,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11800087", "title": "Industries' body creates cyber crime awareness educates on cyber crime", "text": "NASHIK: The Ambad Industries and Manufacturers' Assocaition (AIMA) has taken initiative to create awareness among industrialists in view of the rising cases of cyber crimes.As part of this, AIMA had organized a seminar for its members on 'Cyber crime and possible dangers of e-technology'. Herald D'Costa, the director of Intelligent Quotient Security System, guided industrialists what safety measures should they take regarding the cyber crimes. \"The usage of internet has increased a lot in our day-to-day life. We daily read news regarding people being cheated through emails and Internet and it happens due to lack of knowledge. Hence, industrialists must be alert and should take security measures to avoid cheating in such cases in future,\" said AIMA President Dnyaneshwar Gopale.\"Not only India, but the whole world has been affected because of the cyber crime menace. We are not as vigilant as we should be regarding Internet, SMS, emails and passwords. As a result, we fall victim to cyber crimes and are cheated to the tune of lakhs of rupees. But such cases can be avoided if we spend a few amounts on safety and show vigilance about the Internet, emails and passwords, and implement a proper security policy for the establishment,\" said Herald D'Costa.\"Industrialists and businessmen always have important documents which they use while filing tenders. We do not take measures while emailing such documents. Some people misuse it and that causes nothing but repentance. Such case was happened in Nashik recently in which a person was duped to the tune of Rs. 80 lakh. Such cases also took place in some Colleges in Pune. Such kind of cases takes place due to our negligence. Hence, industrialists should not use private cyber cafes and take care that their mobiles or laptops will not go in others hands,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11800557", "title": "CWG village flats: Ministry steps in", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the issue of unauthorized construction in Commonwealth Games Village kicking up a storm, the ministry of urban development finally made an effort on Tuesday to hammer out a solution. Following an order from the high court, the ministry convened a meeting - of Delhi Development Authority and the private builder Emaar MGF - to decide on excess floor-area ratio (FAR) before the next hearing.While sources in DDA said the ministry gave a chance to the private developer to put across its point, the authority maintained that it had gone beyond the permissible FAR while constructing the flats.Now, the ministry has to decide if the excess FAR of the Games Village flats can be regularized. DDA officials said though the meeting was inconclusive, the ministry will now file an affidavit in the HC with its reply on the issue. The village has 1,168 flats, of which over 400 flats belong to Emaar MGF and the rest belong to DDA. Emaar MGF sold nearly all flats under its share for Rs 2 crore to Rs 4.5 crore. However, buyers have not been given possession of their flats so far as the matter of excess FAR remains.Emaar claims that the constructed area in the Games Village is \"well within the permissible and compoundable limits\" and follows the provisions of the Master Plan Delhi - 2021. Though DDA insisted that the FAR sanctioned by it was 2,05,140 square metres, the private developer maintained that the FAR, as per the sanctioned plan dated February 27, 2008, was 2,20,000 square metres which becomes 2,27,071.72 square metres on adding 5% compoundable FAR.According to Emaar MGF, the construction over and above the sanctioned FAR is 21,931.72 metres, which can be regularized under MPD 2021. DDA also wanted the private developer to pay up for the extra construction. It had earlier sealed two towers (65 flats) and a flat in another tower due to excess FAR. DDA had to later de-seal them after the buyers moved the high court and MCD Tribunal. MoUD will decide by February 10 - the deadline fixed by the court - whether the buyers will get their flats anytime soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11800022", "title": "48% candidates in dist are crorepati", "text": "VARANASI: The UP Election Watch (UPEW) also analyzed the assets of the candidates of candidates contesting the assemble elections in the 3rd phase on the basis of their affidavits.According to report, 23 out of 48 (48%) candidates in Varanasi district are crorepati. Ashfaq of SP contesting from Varanasi Cantt constituency has the highest assets worth of Rs 6.07 crores followed by Harshvardhan of Indian National Congress from Sevapuri constituency with Rs 4.28 crores and Ravindra Jaiswal of Bharatiya Janata Party from Varanasi North constituency with Rs 3.70 crores. The others two in the top five candidates are Kaisar Amin Ansari of BSO from Varanasi South (Rs 3.,54 crore) and Tribhuvan Ram of BSP from Ajagara (SC) (Rs 3,45 crore)The UPEW analysis says that a total of 122 candidates out of 317 analyzed in all constituencies going to poll in the 3rd phase are crorepatis. The candidates with maximum assets in 3rd Phase are Nand Gopal of BSP from Allahabad South constituency with assets worth Rs 95.26 Crores followed by Tanveer of INC from Bhadohi with Rs 21.20 Crores and Atiq Ahmad of Apna Dal from Allahabad constituency with assets worth Rs 20.79 crores. The others two of the top five club are Ameeta Singh of Congress from Amethi with total asset worth of Rs 14.96 crore and Keshav Prashad of BJP from Sirathu with the asset of Rs, 13.52 crore.Among major parties, the average asset per candidate for SP is Rs 1.99 crores, BSP Rs 3.68 crores, BJP Rs 1.39 Crores, INC Rs 2.18 Crores, Peace Party Rs 1.71 Crores, JD (U) Rs 22.98 Lakhs, Quami Ekta Dal Rs 68.81 Lakhs and for Apna Dal is Rs 1.33 Crores.The UPEW also compared the asset of re-contesting MLAs contesting in the 3rd phase. According to the report, the assets of as many as 35 re-contesting MLAs were analyzed. The average asset of these MLAs as declared in 2007 was Rs 1,42,63,643 while the average asset of these MLAs as declared in 2012 is Rs 5,84,26,250. The average asset growth for these re-contesting MLAs is Rs 4,41,62,607 and the average percentage growth in assets for these MLA is 310%. Nand Gopal of BSP from Allahabad South has the highest increase in asset worth Rs79.94 Crores, followed by Anoop Sanda of SP from Sultanpur with an asset increase of Rs 8.78 Crores and Ameeta Singh of INC from Amethi constituency with an asset increase of Rs 8.48 Crores.The highest percentage increase (7922%) has been for Jitendra Kumar of BSP from Chakia (SC) constituency. His assets rose from 2.37 lakhs in 2007 to 1.90 crores in 2012. He is followed by Pooja Pal of BSP from Allahabad West constituency with a percentage increase of 3027% (3.55 lakhs in 2007 to 1.11 crore in 2012) and Chandra Prakash of BSP from Gauriganj constituency with an increase of 1846% (24.22 lakh in 2007 to 4.71 crores in 2012).Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11801676", "title": "VHP protests working group suggestion to lift ban on beef exports", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) has objected to the working group report on animal husbandry and dairying for the 12th five-year plan, which includes recommendations to lift the ban on beef exports from India.VHP has demanded that the government withdraw its report to the Planning Commission and apologize to the nation before \"religious and nationalist people\" came out on the streets in protest.\"Export of beef will not only butcher our mother and its family but it will amount to a murder of the Constitution and dharma of the country,\" VHP's international organising secretary Dinesh Chandra said in a statement on Tuesday.The animal husbandry and dairying department under the agriculture ministry sent a report to the Planning Commission recommending lifting the ban on beef exports. \"There is an existing ban on beef exports; therefore it is necessary to revise the exim policy to allow beef exports,\" VHP media chief Vinod Bansal quoted from the report. This report was more inclined to slaughtering of animals rather then protecting them, he added.Quoting directive principals under Article 48 of the Constitution, Chandra said, \"These directives clearly prohibit the slaughter of cows and calves and other milch and draught cattle. We cannot tolerate slaughter of cows or its family at any cost. Our agriculture ministry is supposed to protect and promote cows instead of slaughtering it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11801836", "title": "Dancing to the divine rhythm", "text": "MUMBAI: Two traditional dance forms-Bharatnatyam and Kathakali-will take centre stage at The Times of India Kala Ghoda Arts Festival on Wednesday. While one will introduce the audience to the various avatars of Goddess Parvati, the other will present an act on the destruction of evil.\"Bharatanatyam is a classical dance form which totally depends on hand gestures and facial expressions. We don't use any props or special costumes for our act,\" says Pavitra Bhatt, who will be performing at the festival this year with her troupe of 11 disciples. The performance will start with a traditional devotional dance, followed by a central item on Goddess Parvati and her powerful avatars of Kali , Durga and Shakti. \"We wanted to focus on her, as she is the ultimate mother of the universe ,\" says Bhatt.\"Our act will end with the dance of the thousand-hooded snake.\" The Bharatanatyam performance will be followed by a solo Kathakali performance by Margi Vijayakumar and his troupe of live musicians. \"This act is about power and destruction and in the finale shows how evil is always destroyed in the world,\" says Vijayakumar.Called 'Poothana Moksha' , the dance-story will be acted out with elaborate costumes, detailed gestures and well-defined body movements in tune with the music and percussion. After this detailed introduction to two classical dance forms, things will lighten up with a dash of hiphop, salsa and Bollywood moves by the Mad Max Academy of Dance. Earlier in the evening, children from the Salaam Bombay Foundation will present folk dances for the audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11802559", "title": "65% turnout in ZP polls in state", "text": "NAGPUR: A moderate to high turnout of around 65% was recorded in the elections for the 27 Zilla Parishads and 305 panchayat samitis in the state on Tuesday. The polling was by and large peaceful. Fate of over 7,000 candidates for around 1,600 of ZP seats and 13,000 candidates contesting 3,218 panchayat samiti seats was sealed. The counting of votes for the ZP/PS elections will now take place along with that of 10 municipal corporations in the state for which voting is scheduled on February 16.In Vidarbha, elections for 399 ZP seats were held in seven districts of Amravati, Yavatmal, Buldhana in Amravati division and Nagpur, Wardha, Gadchiroli and Chandrapur in Nagpur division. The Naxalite-affected Gadchiroli district once again gave thumbs up to electoral democracy with nearly 60% turning out to cast ballot. Two polling centres, Dhanori and Lavari, were shifted to Palasgad and Antargaon respectively for security reasons. Voting was delayed by an hour at Nimgaon as the polling staff failed to reach there on time at 7.30am. In Gadchiroli the polling ended at 3pm.There was tension at Maushi village of the district as the polling station closed 15 minutes before the closing time, according to reports reaching here. On Monday night, Rs 1.5 lakh and 50 liquor bottles were seized from the campaign office of Congress in Amirjha village at Gadchiroli.Around 49% voting was recorded in Yavatmal district till 3.30pm. The final polling figure may range between 60% and 65%, said Shravan Hardikar, deputy collector and chief returning officer. Barring stray incidents of clashes and altercations in some constituencies, the election was fair and peaceful.SP Ranjankumar Sharma said that police had registered over 60 cases in the last couple of days and seized a huge stock of illegal liquor from different parts of the district and a few vehicles carrying them. Liquor and money flowed to woo voters in remote villages, sources said. Meanwhile, Shiv Sainiks allegedly pelted stones at the escort vehicles of guardian minister Nitin Raut and MPCC president Manikrao Thakre on the eve of elections. The driver, who was pulled out and thrashed, lodged a complaint at Ner police station. An offence was registered against sitting Shiv Sena MLA from Digras, Sanjay Rathod and 15 others.Moderate polling was recorded for 57 Zilla Parishad and 114 Panchayat Samiti seats in Chandrapur district sealing the fate of 927 candidates. Polling largely remained peaceful during the day, except a few stray incidents. Technical glitch was noticed in an EVM machine in Talodhi village in the morning.Voters of ward no. 3 in Durgapur and ward no. 1 in Morva boycotted the polling to protest lack of basic amenities in their area. In another incident, cops had to resort to minor baton charge in Chora village at Bramhapuri following ruckus between two groups at a polling booth.Except sporadic incidents, the voting for 59 zilla parishad seats and 88 panchayat samiti seats in Amravati was peaceful. Till afternoon around 48.50% turnout was reported, however the number went up by the end of the day. It seems 50% reservation given to women in civic polls contributed to the high turnout.Congress and Shiv Sena activists created ruckus at booth number 5 of Sategoan village in Karla panchayat samiti as they came face to face, the groups clashed and pelted stone at each other. Four activists, Vinod Dalu and Vishwas Wankhade of Congress and Pravin Pakhare and Anant Dutonde of Sena sustained injuries in scuffle.In Wardha officials reported 52.83% voting till 3.30pm. Several incidents of code of conduct violation were reported while tension prevailed in some areas. Virendra Dubey (32) was arrested with Rs 25,700 and a dagger. He admitted to the police that he was Rana Rannavare's supporter. The cash was allegedly meant to be distributed in Yelakeli. The Deoli police also seized Rs 1 lakh in Anji-Andori area.Voters in Pimpalgaon boycotted the elections as they are unhappy with the condition of the road connecting the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11798888", "title": "Global blues bands hit the high note this weekend", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbaikars are currently in the happy position of are being spoilt for choice as far as cultural events are concerned. The Times of India Kala Ghoda Arts Festival is on in full swing and the Mumbai International Film Festival is playing at the National Centre for the Performing Arts.The weekend brings the second edition of the Mahindra Blues Festival, a two-day event that begins on February 11, at Mehboob Studios in Bandra. The festival has grown this year with the addition of more international acts and three local blues bands. The headliners are festival favourite Buddy Guy , Taj Mahal Trio, John Lee Hooker Jr, Ana Popovic and Robert Randolph.The Indian bands are Shillong's Soulmate, which the most famous Indian blues band, Mumbai-based Overdrive Trio and Backstratblues, the solo project of producer, songwriter and former guitarist of Zero, Warren Mendonsa. As a female blues guitarist in a male-dominated genre, Ana Popovic stands out. She's doubly unusual as she's from Belgrade , which is not exactly known as a centre of the blues. Did she have to make an extra effort to prove herself in a male-dominated scene?\"I think the most difficult part was to try to build your image as someone who does not want to be placed in a category,\" she said in an email interview. \"People want to put a stamp saying, 'This is Chicago blues, this is Texas blues'. I wanted to be different and make music that is personal, but at the same time traceable. For someone who really knows the style, he should be able to recognize where every note I play comes from.\"Robert Randolph too is a minority in blues. He plays the pedal steel guitar, a rectangular, horizontal guitar that has a metal bar to fret. The instrument is usually played in churches. Randolph has been credited with popularizing the pedal steel in the realm of secular music.\"My main goal is to be able to see more kids in rock, blues, R &amp; B do things with the pedal steel guitar that has never been explored,\" he said in an email interview.Randolph will perform with Buddy Guy. \"Hopefully, we can perform the version of 'I'm goin' down' that we just recorded together,\" he said.Other festival offerings include New Orleans-style food, a bar, memorabilia, a breakfast meeting with the artists and a brunch on Sunday.Mahindra Blues Festival is in association with Economic Times and produced by Oranjuice Entertainment. Tickets are available at the venue, Rhythm House and www.bookmyshow.com. For the schedule, visit www.mahindrablues.com.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11801046", "title": "Police may charge institutes for not complying with traffic laws", "text": "GURGAON: The city schools have been very slow in responding to the directions of the traffic police as far as plying of school buses and other vehicles are concerned. As against the deadline of February 1 to send a compliance report on enforcement of rules 114 (A) of the Haryana Motor Vehicle Rules, 1993, only two schools have replied back so far.Similarly, the replies of schools regarding the High Court's directives have also been dissatisfactory. According to the official data, only seven schools have sent a reply to the traffic police regarding the Punjab and Haryana Court's directives on plying of buses. Around 12 schools have replied on the issue of installation of speed governors in school buses. Traffic officials say that in such a scenario, they are only left with the alternative of registering cases against the erring schools. DCP (traffic), Bharti Arora said, \"The department does not want to take any harsh step against schools, but there is limit to every thing. The traffic police would launch a drive soon. Even the deputy commissioner has invoked Section 144 of Cr PC and in case of any violation, the vehicles could be challaned and owners booked under section 188 of IPC.\" The crime attracts simple imprisonment for one month, or a fine of Rs 200 or both. Contempt charges could also be lodged against schools for not following the court's directions, added Arora.The DCP informed that during a recent meeting of police officials, the city police commissioner had also recommended filing of police cases against schools. Barring a few difference, most rules of the Haryana Motor Vehicle Rules are similar to the directives of the High Court for school buses, which are again necessary for schools to follow. Traffic police had made it mandatory for schools to implement the Punjab and Haryana High Court directions pertaining to the plying of school buses and the management of traffic in and around the school premises two years back.Since then, traffic police have been writing many times to educational institutes to properly implement the directives. Even as last year, a surprise inspection of schools was conducted by the police and traffic volunteers in this regard. Under rule 114 (A), schools are required to ensure that every vehicle, bus, van or such other means of transport carrying school children has a proper permit/permission, drivers should have at least five years of experience and challaned not more than thrice for traffic violation, vehicles should be properly maintained and be roadworthy, among other things.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11800363", "title": "UTAA leader Gaude to take on Deepak in Priol", "text": "PANAJI: Former Marcaim candidate of Congress and United Tribal Alliance Association (UTAA) leader Govind Gaude announced his candidature as an independent from Priol constituency. Of 27,713 votes in Priol constituency, 11,500 belong to the ST community. Gaude said, \"UTAA has assured 100% support to my candidature.\"\"I have decided to contest the March 3 assembly polls as an independent candidate after consulting the Priol electorate,\" Gaude told mediapersons.He also said that the ST community will back him because they have seen his work and how he has struggled for the community. \"Immediately after I lost the elections in Marcaim constituency, the people of Priol demanded that I contest the next assembly elections from Priol, hence I have decided to shift to there,\" he added.Gaude said he was the only candidate who has covered each and every house in Priol constituency before the elections were announced. \"During the door-to-door visits, the people from Priol requested me to contest as an independent candidate,\" he said.The UTAA leader also said that his aim is to improve basic infrastructure which has been \"neglected\" by the sitting MLA Pandurang 'Deepak' Dhavalikar. \"I will try to complete pending roads in the constituency, improve water supply by getting a separate pipeline from the Opa water treatment plant, and get pollution-free industries to curb unemployment,\" he said.Gaude has appealed to voters to give him a chance to represent them in the legislative assembly. He was a member of the Congress till January 31 this year. He had also applied for the Congress ticket to contest from Priol. \"But the people have asked me to quit Congress and contest as an independent,\" he said. Gaude said that he will file his nomination on February 9.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11801228", "title": "Report on genetic resources to be submitted to FAO", "text": "COIMBATORE: Scientists and forest officers from across the country met at Institute of Forest Genetics and Tree Breeding (IFGTB) here to prepare a report on the status of forest genetic resources. The report will be submitted to the ministry of environment and forests, which will forward it to the Food and Agricultural Organisation (FAO), a United Nations body.Kannan C S Warrier, scientist, IFGTB said that representatives numbering 21 from state agricultural universities, forest departments, Tamil Nadu Newsprint and Papers Ltd, TN Forest Development Corporation and ICAR institutes attended the workshop. \"A template has been provided to us by FAO. We are consulting various organisations across the country. It will have data on the various types of forests in India,\" he said.Once the report is forwarded to the FAO by the ministry, it will be approved and uploaded for public use online. It is expected to be of tremendous use to researchers as well. \"Duplication of work by various agencies will come to an end and all information will be available in the same network,\" said Warrier.Any woody perennial (a tree that grows for more than a year) with commercial use is defined as a genetic resource. Information on 16 forest types and 221 sub types will be collated into the template.The two-day programme was organised to prepare the report for FAO, which has warned that genetic resources in the world are depleting. FAO had asked India and all other countries in the world for the report and IFGTB, Coimbatore, was chosen as the nodal organization for submitting the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11799731", "title": "Illegal houses along Hindon to be razed", "text": "NOIDA: After almost a decade of ignoring rampant encroachment by land mafia in Gautam Budh Nagar along the Hindon floodplains, the district administration has finally woken up and decided to take action against them. Having constituted squads to conduct emergency inspections, the district magistrate has scheduled a high level emergency meeting on February 8 with officials from Noida Authority, Greater Noida Authority and the district police to determine further action.All additional district magistrates, sub-divisional magistrates and other top officials of both Noida and Greater Noida, the senior superintendent of police and irrigation department officials are expected to attend the meeting to find a solution. \"The operation against land mafia will begin with immediate effect even though the polls are our priority,\" said Hirdesh Kumar, district magistrate.\"All land under illegal possession will be recovered. Since it is a very sensitive issue that could cause a law and order problem due to agitation by some people, security will be tightened before launching the drive to remove the \"illegal\" structures,\" added Kumar.The district magistrate said that action would be taken against anyone found involved in illegal activities and will continue until the encroachments are removed from the Hindon floodplains. During the meeting, officials will be instructed to demolish all illegal structures and take action against those involved in putting them up. \"Action will also be taken against officials found to be patronizing land grabbers and illegal colonizers,\" Kumar said.When asked about the decades old densely encroached area closer to NH-24, the DM said that initially the fresh \"illegal\" construction will be tackled and freed and the \"older encroachment will be left for dealing with only after the assembly elections\".The land that has been encroached and sold to \"unsuspecting\" buyers for constructing houses lies across nearly 15 kilometres straddling the floodplains of the Hindon.Located off the Noida-Greater Noida link road near sector 122 in Noida, and a stone's throw from the Noida Extension-Greater Noida area, illegal constructions have mushroomed right from the Hindon Pushta along the NH-24 up to Kulesra in Greater Noida. This entire area falls under the flood zone, where all construction activity is banned. Under river basin regulations, floodplains can only be used for farming and nothing else. Currently, hundreds of concrete structures have already come up in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11800125", "title": "65-yr-old man suffocated to death, robbers flee with cash, jewellery", "text": "JAIPUR: A 65-year-old man was suffocated to death by two robbers in Bhilwara on Monday night when the victim woke up during a theft bid in his house. The deceased's wife who tried to intervene was also attacked and was left severely injured. She is undergoing treatment at a hospital in Bhilwara.The incident took place at the house of Kanhaiya Lal, a resident of Bhagwanpura village under Mandalgarh police station area of Bhilwara district on Monday night. \"The victim's daughter's wedding is scheduled after two months, so he had bought jewellery. It seems some robbers had conducted a recee and knew about the jewellery,\" said a police officer.Two unidentified men sneaked into the victim's house on Monday night, but their presence woke up Kanhaiya Lal. \"When the desperate man tried to protect the jewellery bought for his daughter's wedding, they pushed him on the bed and suffocated him with a pillow, due to which he died,\" said the officer.He added when his wife tried to fight off the robbers to save her husband they attacked her also. \"The duo then opened the almirah where the jewellery was kept and escaped after taking Rs 20,000 in cash and the jewellery,\" said the officer.The police are yet to get any clue about the robbers. \"Teams have been sent to various places and some suspects have been rounded up,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11801668", "title": "Wildlife activists demand fire protection in jungles", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Wildlife organization Eco-Pro has announced a daylong sit-in agitation on Wednesday in front of the office of Chief Conservator of Forest (CCF) here to protest the department's apathy towards initiation of fire protection works in the jungles.President of organization Bandu Dhotre had taken up the issue with APCCF (planning and development) Shri Bhagwan during his recent visit to Chandrapur. He said that forest fires in Chandrapur start right from March, causing severe loss to forest and wildlife. Hence, fire line cutting, deployment of fire watchers and other remedial measures have to be taken up by February 15. \"People who visit jungles to collect Moha flowers and other forest produce put up fires in the jungle. However, this year, no work regarding fire protection has been initiated so far for lack of funds,\" said Dhotre.\"Fire watchers keep an eye on the jungle and raise an alarm in case of fire from March to June 15. It helps in mobilizing fire dousing machinery with immediate effect. However this time their deployment too is also withheld,\" he lamented.\"The organization had urged Shri Bhagwan to arrange for funds during his visit. But as nothing has been done so far, Eco-Pro is left with no option but to take up an agitation,\" Dhotre said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11804711", "title": "Foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai meets Hillary Clinton", "text": "WASHINGTON: Foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai on Wednesday met secretary of state Hillary Clinton and held a series of meetings at the State Department and the White House on a range of bilateral, regional and global issues.On his first bilateral visit to the US as the foreign secretary, Mathai is understood to have presented India's perspective on a wide range of regional and global issues including Iran , the peace talks with Taliban and situation in the region.Secretary of state Clinton dropped by at a meeting between deputy secretary of state William Burns and Mathai, State Department spokesperson Victoria Nuland said.Clinton's meeting with Mathai, Nuland said, was to \"make clear that we support these consultations on the full range of issues.\"She is looking forward to the US-India Strategic Dialogue later this year, Nuland said.Later in the day, under secretary of state for political affairs Windy Sherman hosted a meetings for Mathai, who met other top officials from the State Department, including assistant secretary of state for political military affairs Andrew Shapiro, assistant secretary of state for south and central asia Robert Blake and under secretary of state for civilian security democracy and human rights Maria Otero.Mathai also had meetings at the White House. In the evening, Indian ambassador to the US Nirupama Rao hosted a dinner for the visiting Indian delegation which was attended by officials from the State Department.A day earlier, Mathai met the ambassador at large and coordinator for counter terrorism, Daniel Benjamin.Mathai also met a group of Indian American community leaders led by Dr Sambhu N Banik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11800166", "title": "Perto India plans to set up ATM plant in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: Perto India Private Limited, which has proposed to set up an automatic teller machine (ATM) plant at the Mahindra World City here, will manufacture 1000 automatic teller machines (ATM) in the plant.If the proposal, recommended by the state empowered committee, on Monday gets a nod from state cabinet, the Brazilian ATM manufacturer will start production by mid 2013 with an investment of Rs 200 crore.However, the company officials claim the proposal is still on paper and things will become clear only by March. \"Yes we are coming to Rajasthan!\" confirmed Roberto Baur, director, Perto India Private Limited. \"Though we are still at the negotiation stage with the state government and many things need to be worked out. We have requested the government to provide us the same working conditions that our competitors are getting in Karnataka, Goa and Andhra Pradesh,\" added Baur.The company, if it comes, will set up plan in three phases. \"The first phase will be operational in 15-18 months and phase three will be ready by the first half of 2015. The unit will produce 1000 machines when fully operational and also their components,\" Baur said. Depending on the demand, the pant will expand production.The set up will generate employment for 800-1000 people on the floor and around 600 people will be needed for the maintenance and support. \"Our aim is to replicate the same plant that we have in Brazil in India. Initially, our focus will be on local markets but later we will try to cater to the market at Nepal, Pakistan and other neighboring countries,\" Baur added.The company has submitted the letter of interest (LOI) to the Mahindra World City, demanding a space of 20 acres. \"We have just received the LOI and the company officials have visited the site. No agreement has been signed till now,\" said a senior official of Mahindra World City.Before coming to Rajasthan, the company explored its possibilities in Goa and Andhra Pradesh, too. The firml be the fifth manufacturer of ATM machines in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "11801075", "title": "Gold medals for 69 students", "text": "SHIMOGA: As many as 69 students will receive gold medals at the 23rd annual convocation of the Kuvempu University at Shankara Ghatta (B R Project), 20km from here, on Wednesday.Vice-chancellor professor S A Bari said that in all, 30,000 students who studied through regular and distance education system, will be conferred with the degrees at the convocation. He said consequent to the starting of Davanagere University, a number of colleges, which were under the Kuvempu University jurisdiction, has reduced.Four gold medallistsPreveen M (post-graduate in fine arts), Naveen Kumar Y N (Kannada MA), C Asha Jyothi (M.Sc in biotechnology), Anusha P A (B.Com ) and Sowmya D (Kannada MA).Three gold medallistsS Manjunath (sociology), Nagaraj S C (chemistry) Suma S V (sociology) Megha Patil (English) Divyarani ( MCA) and B Sahana (MBA).Seven out standing personalities who have achieved excellence in their respective fields will get honorary doctorates from the Kuvempu University during its 23rd convocation which will be held on Wednesday. The university's chancellor-cum-governor of the state, H R Bhardwaj, has given his consent to the recommendations of the university syndicate in this regard.Agriculture expert Devangi Prafulla Chandra, Sanskrit scholar Kudli Jaganantha Shastry, educationalist and founder of Chikmaglur Mountain View Institution, Madam Hazra, theatre activist Sanehalli Panditharadhya, chairman of Apex Bank and cooperator R M Manjunatha Gowda, yoga exponent Raghuram Nagarathna and ayurveda exponent and researcher Krishna Kumar will receive honorary doctorates.Former ISRO chairman Madhavan Nair will deliver the convocation address at the university campus here on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11799638", "title": "Allow new units to be set up, say industrialists", "text": "NOIDA: Industrialists have appealed to the National Green Tribunal to allow setting up of new industrial units in response to the latter issuing a notice to the ministry of environment and forests seeking its stand on banning new factories till the environment quality of the city improves.The tribunal had served notices last Wednesday (a copy of which is with TOI) to the Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB), the UP State Pollution Control Board and the UP State Industrial Development Corporation on a plea filed by a Noida resident. The tribunal has sought their responses by February 23.The petitioner, Sanjay Agnihotri, had appealed to the tribunal to restrain concerned authorities from granting fresh permission for establishing new units or expanding existing units till the \"remedial action plan\" to improve the environment quality of Noida is implemented. Noida was declared a \"critically polluted area\" by the CPCB in 2010. \"My plea is for constitution of a monitoring system to ensure effective, time-bound and transparent implementation of the provisions of the National Green Tribunal Act, 2010 in Noida,\" said Agnihotri.However, industrialists feel that pollution in the city is mainly caused by construction activities of residential projects and the huge influx of diesel-run vehicles. \"In the last several years, no new industry has been set up in Noida,\" said Vipin Malhan, president of Noida Entrpreneurs' Association (NEA). \"Most industries have installed proper treatment plants for effluents. Moratoriums on expansion of units should be placed only on those industries that have failed to keep pollution levels under control,\" added Malhan.The MoEF has said that a reply would be sent to the tribunal by the deadline. \"The environmental impact assessment division of the ministry will take stock of the situation and file a reply at the earliest,\" said Surjeet Singh, joint secretary of MoEF in charge of NGT.Moratoriums had been placed on setting up certain industries in Noida in August 2010 after the industrial township was categorized as a \"critically polluted area\" by the CPCB for having a comprehensive environmental pollution index above 70.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11801527", "title": "Bus day menace: Brats lay siege to Anna Salai", "text": "CHENNAI: The problems related to 'bus day' celebrations continue to trouble the city. On Monday morning, traffic on busy Anna Salai was thrown out of gear for an hour after New College students blocked a stretch, demanding that they be allowed to celebrate \"bus day.\"Despite the chaos on the arterial road, no stringent action was initiated. A community service register (CSR), a preliminary document before an FIR is filed, was issued based on a complaint from an MTC staffer. A team of MTC officials is to inspect the bus which was damaged (route 52 K) and list the repairs required. In case the students are ready to pay the amount the MTC will withdraw its complaint, police said.Around 10.30 am, the students got into the bus at the Broadway terminus. Just before it reached Tarapore Towers, they insisted that the driver stop the bus. While some walked in front of the vehicle, others climbed on to the roof and started screaming at passers-by, police said.With last week's incident, when students of another college held similar celebrations, fresh in memory, a posse of police was sent to the spot.Seeing the police teams near the LIC bus stop, the students protested and demanded that they be allowed to travel on the roof of the bus. A senior police officer refused to accept the demand and a few students were separated from the others.\"We asked them to sit inside the bus and travel to the college. The students protested but were finally forced into the bus and the driver asked to proceed, escorted by armed reserve personnel. Some of the students walked all the way to the college,\" a police officer said. The bus stopped near the Anand theatre stop and most of the students walked to the college.Earlier, the students tried to put up a banner on the vehicle, but police removed it. The students were asked to sit inside the bus. Some shop keepers and road-side vendors near the college had complained that the students had extorted money from them for the \"bus day,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11799944", "title": "Biker stones bus in road rage repeat", "text": "MUMBAI: Two days after the Vikhroli police arrested a biker for assaulting a BEST bus driver, another incident of road rage took place in south Mumbai on Tuesday evening. The Agripada cops are looking for the accused.The police said a motorbike broke down in the middle of the road near the Byculla bridge. A BEST bus (route 26) was behind the bike at the time of the incident. The conductor, Umesh Nanawade, requested the biker to remove the two-wheeler. \"When the biker didn't listen, the conductor told him that the bus would graze the bike if he didn't shift it,\" said a police officer.This infuriated the biker, who started arguing with the driver and the conductor. He then picked up a stone and hurled it at the bus, shattering the windscreen, and fled. The police later got hold of the bike's number and registered a case of assault and criminal force.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11798915", "title": "Mom, sons held with 37L jewels", "text": "MUMBAI: The Vikhroli police recently seized 62.88 kg silver and 100 gm gold jewellery worth over Rs 37 lakh from an interstate gang of robbers in Thane.The case came to light after the arrest of an accused, Gujaral Singh Kalani (35), who confessed to house break-ins and dacoity. Gujaral along with his four brothers, elderly mother and two accomplices committed the thefts in the city between December 2010 and June 2011.They are currently in jail. The arrested Gujaral, his brother Himmat Singh (30) and mother Suraj Kaur (60) one of their accomplice Sudhir Gaikwad (26), a week ago. While they are hunting for Kalani's three brothers and one more accomplice for their role in the number of cases they have committed in Mumbai.The arrested gang members ran short of luck after they broke Mangaldeep Jewellers in Vikhroli (East) last May and after tying the two employees in the shop they committed dacoity and made away with 30kg silver ornaments and 100gms gold ornaments. They were caught after the assistant commissioner of police (Vikhroli division) KK Khandale supervised the team of Vikhroli police senior inspector Ravindra Javkar, inspector Dilip Thorat, assistant inspector SS Kakad and detection staffs track down the accused with the help of closed-circuit television (CCTV) recovered from the jeweller's shop.\"Through Kalani it has been learnt that apart from committing dacoity and housebreakings in Mumbai, they committed such offences in other states and are known as 'Sikhalgar gang',\" said a policeman.The gang is led by that accused Kalani's elderly mother Suraj Kaur (60) while Kalani along with his four brothers and two accomplices conducts recce of the targeted shops and charts out the date and time for dacoity or robbery. \"Kalanis' and their accomplices hand over the stolen property to Kaur who keeps accounts of it and strikes deal with jewellers outside the city,\" he said.He said the mother-sons dacoits are wanted in more than 13 cases of dacoits in Mumbai, Thane district, Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh. \"Initially Kaur tried to disguise and keep the police away from them for almost seven months by making her son Gujaralsingh act as a mentally challenged patient. She tied him with a dog strap at their Thane home. She also got him admitted at Thane mental hospital. But their act was caught when the doctors were asked to carry out medical test on Gujaralsingh who confessed to the fake drama,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11800081", "title": "Raids at excise gowdowns exposed huge stock of liquor", "text": "VARANASI: The excise department has come in the eye of the storm even before the first phase of polling in UP courtesy the liquor lobbies that had been marginalised in the present regime of Chief Minister Mayawati .On Monday evening, a rare incident was witnessed in the district when the godowns of excise department were raided jointly the officials of district administration, police and also excise department. This raid continued for over five hours simultaneously in Chowkaghat and Sujabad. It exposed open violation of excise rules. Despite getting bills and vouchers, the licence holders had not taken the January's stock of liquor for their countrymade liquor shops. The stock of 130 out of 256 countrymade liquor shops was thus dumped at the godowns.District excise officer Dheeraj Singh said after the exposure of such malpractices, an FIR against the store in-charge was lodged under section 60 (illegal stocking) and section 64 (committing fault by license holder) of Excise Act. The store in-charge was released on bail. But, the police would investigate who was at fault. If the police found that the fault was committed by store in-charge, he would have to face the action, said Singh adding, if the fault of licence holders come to light the action would be initiated against them.This practice of leaving the quota of countrymade liquor of previous months at the godowns of excise department is not new. But, how this malpractice was exposed just before the assembly election? The excise officials are tight lipped on this issue but sources reveal that some liquor lobbies, which had remained sidelined in past four-five years due to monopoly of a particular liquor baron close to power center of state, have brought this matter to the knowledge of poll observers. It was alleged that the countrymade liquor has been illegally stocked and was being sold to the candidates contesting the election by charging Rs 300 extra per carton.Sources said the allegation of illegal stocking was established during the raid but allegations of black marketeering were baseless. They said when the liquor was easily available at licensed shops and the Election Commission was keeping a sharp vigil on transportation of liquor and money, why would any candidate try to purchase the liquor in bulk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11801262", "title": "IIT-K students constructing planetarium", "text": "KANPUR: The students of IIT-Kanpur are busy these days in developing a planetarium in the new student activity centre (SAC). The maximum parts are ready but still there are few thing left to be done.On Sunday, the students had told the ex-IITians of 1977 batch about the planetarium. They had mentioned that a sum of Rs 1.05 lakh had already been spent on it so far and the total expenditure would be Rs 1.80 lakh. For the remaining amount, the students had sought help from the ex-students, who had assured all possible help.More than twenty BTech students have been working on the construction of the planetarium for past six months. Once the planetarium is ready, it would be first of its kind prepared by the students. Around 50 people would be able to see the Milky Way in one go.The students have used the telescope, projector and the software to draw the Milky Way on the roof of the structure. In the planetarium, the people would get a real feel of the stars and the planets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11800301", "title": "CU campus polls on hold, talks on for single-day voting", "text": "KOLKATA: Apprehensive of campus violence, Calcutta University on Tuesday ordered its affiliated colleges to put students' union polls on hold so that the government can arrange for them to be held on a single day in every district.DC(HQ) Javed Shamim met Calcutta University vice-chancellor Suranjan Das , registrar Basab Chaudhuri and higher education department joint secretary Manab Chakraborty on Tuesday to discuss the issue.\"Students' union elections in colleges will be put on hold until further notice. We will convene a meeting with the principals and police to decide the next course of action. These colleges may be divided into zones and then fragmented into groups,\" the VC said. CU will hold discussions with authorities of the colleges within a week.On January 19, the state government had decided to hold student's union elections in each district on a single day. \"It can't be done in Kolkata since many colleges run on shifts. We have suggested distributing the elections over two to three days,\" said Shamim.In those colleges where nominations have been filed, we have suggested to club some colleges together under one division in the same locality.,\"said joint commissioner of police Javed Shamim.Later, the West Bengal Higher Education Council members met state election commissioner Meera Pandey to discuss if the State Election Commission can play a role in holding the college union elections. The proposal was turned down as it was said that that the Commission is here to oversee municipal and panchayat polls. However the state electoral officers gave a few suggestions to the higher education council members which may find a place in the uniform election code of conduct.Education minister Bratya Basu had earlier requested the higher education council to draw up a \"futuristic uniform election code of conduct\" for students' union elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11800107", "title": "Nearly 50 bird victims of manja in less than a month", "text": "NASHIK: It has not been a month is not even a month since Makar Sankrant when kites are flown and there are already about 50 birds reportedly have been injured by the manja (thread) used in kite-flying.The major case was that of a major case was that of a vulture that succumbed to injuries on the day of the festival on January 15. Injuries are caused by These birds get injured due to the nylon used in the thread. that are used for flying kites.Around 30 birds were taken after Makar Sakrant to an animal sheter 'Sharan', an animal shelter the shelter for animals after Makar Sankrant for treatment and recuperation. On February 6, Monday, February 6, another owl was rescued by a bird lover. \"From the day of Makar Sankrant till date we have rescued many birds including crows, doves, Indian raven, jungle fowl, ibis, bats, dango, swift, owls and kites, with the latter two being maximum in number. We also rescued a peacock and also two puppies, both injured by manja\" said an activist on Monday.Another activist and bird lover, Shekhar Gaikwad, said that he had rescued 10 birds after January 15. \"Four kites, two doves, one sparrow, two owls and one koel, but the sparrow died,\" Gaikwad said. The Kite sellers say that they do not make manjas locally here anymore and added that the that these Chinese manjas made out of nylon, which come from Gujarat, are is more popular.\"We still have Even now we have three kites, owls and two crows that are ecuperatingfrom manja injury at the shelter An injured egret that was injured died a few days back. We have a peacock whose leg got entangled in the manja and it lost balance. Some dogs immediately attacked it, her, \" said Sharanya Shetty, a worker at the animal shelter for animals.Bird lovers point out that vultures being very less in number, these need to be conserved. Dr. Girish Patil, a veterinarian, Dr Girish Patil said that there are just 3200 vultures in the whole country. \"Birds generally go out in the morning and return home between 4.30 pm-6.00 pm. If people stop flying kites during this period, we can save a lot of birds,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11801579", "title": "Close aides, cadres ditch Captain, make beeline for AIADMK", "text": "CHENNAI: More than 1,000 DMDK members and close aides of actor Vijayakanth, including one-time close friend and business partner Ibrahim Rowther, joined the ruling AIADMK in the presence of its chief J Jayalalithaa here on Tuesday. Just a week ago, chief minister Jayalalithaa and DMDK leader Vijayakanth had an unpleasant exchange in the assembly, severing their ties and vowing never to team up again.Among the high-profile DMDK members who made the cross-over were K Velmurugan, who unsuccessfully contested the Chennai Mayor's post in last year's civic polls; election wing secretary K Jagaveerapandian; medical wing secretary Dr Pari; Tiruvannamalai district secretary and former MLA Jaison Jacob; party's trade union treasurer Ravindran and more than 10 district secretaries of various wings.While Vijayakanth and Rowther have been estranged for a while, the businessman's move in joining the AIADMK could prove a blow to the DMDK chief and his party, said sources. Rowther produced many of Vijayakanth's films.Jayalalithaa, who wished the newly-inducted members a bright future, said, \"The hope with which you have joined the AIADMK will not go in vain.\" In the small ceremony, she handed over membership cards at the party headquarters in the city.Referring to Vijayakanth's conduct during their heated exchange in the assembly, Jayalalithaa had remarked that the DMDK's good times \"have ended and it will now be a downslide\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11800186", "title": "ASI hand-in-glove with woman who ran pickpocket gang?", "text": "JAIPUR: Three days after the Sikar police arrested an assistant sub-inspector (ASI) when some people caught him red-handed allegedly for pickpocket, the police team is now searching for the woman who accompanied him. Sikar police suspects that the ASI used to work as a facilitator for the woman and her gang in crowded areas including the shrines and temples.Initially Sikar police officers tried to cover up the incident and claimed that ASI Tara Chand was booked for pickpocket from Khatu Shyam ji temple in Sikar district and had claimed that the stories about his association with a gang were \"hypothetical\".But all the claims of Sikar police were disapproved as senior authorities on Tuesday asked circle officer (CO), Salesh Chaudhary to investigate the role of the accused ASI, especially in running the alleged pickpocket gang.With a senior officer being roped in, the Sikar police too changed its earlier version and admitted that the ASI was acquainted with the woman who was running a pickpocket gang.\"We arrested him on charges of pickpocket. So far the investigation in the case suggested that he had come to Khatu Shyam ji temple on Saturday with a woman Savitri Bawari (a Congress councilor who hails from Kotputli). There are some indications that the woman was running a gang of pickpockets. Since the accused Tara Chand knew the woman closely, it is to be investigated if they were hand-in-gloves in running the gang,\" said RP Singh, circle inspector, Khatu Shyam ji police station on Monday.However, sources added that Savitri and Tara Chand were running the pickpocket gang and cases were registered against them in various police stations. \"The only recovery we have made is of Rs 2,700 and a wallet that the accused had taken. Some locals have alleged that both were running a gang. We are trying to find Savitri who is at large,\" Singh added. He said the police have also seized a vehicle belonging to Savitri and have vital information on how Savitri and the ASI were closely associated.However, the way Tara Chand was arrested and police sent him to judicial custody without taking him in police remand has raised doubts about local police trying to cover up the \"acts\" by their colleague. \"I have asked the circle inspector for the case file and will also talk to those concerned with the case before coming to any conclusion,\" Choudhary added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11800687", "title": "It's family first for many of Goa's politicians", "text": "PANAJI: Elections in Goa are turning into a family affair. There were the Ranes, the Alemaos and the Dhavalikars. Now they are being joined by the Monserrates, the Naiks, the Madkaikars and the Salgaocars.Sitting MLAs and ministers Churchill and Joaquim Alemao from Congress and Ramkrishna and Pandurang Dhavalikar from the MPG have already been offered tickets by their respective parties. On Tuesday, the Madkaikars made heir entry.The allotment of a Congress ticket to Dhaku Madkaikar, A zilla parishad member, in Priol constituency, brought the latest political family to the limelight. His brother Pandurang will attempt to return to the legislature from Cumbarjua. If they win on March 3, they will add to the pairs of brothers in the Goa legislative assembly.Another family to eye politics is mine owners Salgaocars. While sitting MLA Anil Salgaocar is retiring from politics, his sons Sameer and Arjun are taking their bow in the field. Arjun has already filed his nomination as an independent from Sanvordem, currently represented by his father, while Sameer has declared his intention to contest from Mandrem after being denied the Congress ticket. He quit Congress on Monday.Home minister Ravi Naik who will be contesting from Ponda will be promoting his family this election. He has managed to get the Congress ticket for son Ritesh in Marcaim and is trying hard to convince NCP to field his other son Roy in Mayem. NCP is yet to announce any nominee.Ironically, Ritesh will take on Ramkrishna in Marcaim while Dhaku will fight the other brother Pandurang in Priol.Five years back on an UGDP ticket, Atanasio Monserrate had contested in Taleigao and fielded wife Jennifer from St Cruz. This time, the couple has traded constituencies and has been nominated by Congress.The Alemao clan has three confirmed candidates and a fourth may also make it. The first part of PWD minister Churchill Alemao's dream to get daughter Valanka elected as MLA came through when she was offered the Congress ticket from Benaulim. He will now have to work hard to get her elected, while trying to retain his Navelim seat.His brother Joaquim (urban development minister) will contest from Cuncolim and his son Yuri is most likely to get the NCP ticket from Sanguem.Goa's longest serving MLA from Poriem, speaker Pratapsingh Rane, has son Vishwajit for company in neighbouring Valpoi. Both were elected in 2007, though the junior Rane was an independent candidate then. This time the Ranes are in the Congress and complete the family affair of Goa's politics.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11801487", "title": "Six held, 400 fake stamps seized", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police on Tuesday nabbed a six-member gang fabricating fake documents and seized several fake stamps from their possession.The Meerpet police arrested G Ranga Rao of Jeedimetla, N Chandra Mohan of Balanagar, G Srinivas of Jeedimetla, R Ravi Kumar of Kothapet, B Naga Rajendra of Saroornagar and Ch Kishore of Ramathapur.Based on a complaint lodged by HMDA Ghatkesar zonal manager K Venkateswarlu on January 4 regarding a set of forged Layout Regularisation Scheme (LRS) documents, which were brought to his notice by a nationalised bank employee, police started probing the activities of the gang.The zonal commissioner approached the Meerpet police stating that an SBI verification team came to his office and submitted LRS proceedings issued by the office in favour of one K Sreehari, who owns plot number 19 at Badangpet, Saroornagar mandal, for cross-verification.The documents were signed by HMDA commissioner Rajeswar Tiwari and during the verification it was discovered that these were fake and the signature of the commissioner was forged.Cases were booked under sections 420 (Cheating), 468 (Forgery), 471 (Using the forged document as a genuine one) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and a probe was launched into the incident.During the course of investigation, police discovered that Ranga Rao, with the assistance of stamp maker Srinivas and computer operator Chandra Mohan, was preparing fake documents by charging up to Rs 10,000.\"He was in contact with a group of brokers who hang around GHMC, HMDA, land registration and tehsildar offices to woo innocent people with offers to quickly procure various documents like LRS, BPS, death certificates, birth certificates, legal heir certificates, approved plans of GHMC and HMDA and revenue certificates,\" assistant commissioner of police (ACP), Vanasthalipuram, Ramchander Rao, said.After keeping a close watch on the movement of the gang, police arrested them from their houses on Tuesday and seized 400 fake stamps and other paraphernalia from their possession.\"They have fake stamps of 54 tehsildars in and around the city, and various GHMC and HMDA officials. They were produced before court and remanded in judicial custody,\" the ACP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "11802173", "title": "Endangered vulture species spotted in Kangra region", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Two critically endangered spices of vultures - white-backed and long-billed - appear to have made a miraculous comeback in Kangra region as recently a healthy bunch of the natural scavengers was spotted feeding in the area.While these species have almost vanished from rest of the country, sources in the forest department disclosed that over 50 vultures were sighted on just one carcass recently, and their nests were also spotted on inspection. \"White-rumped vulture, Himalayan griffon and long-billed vulture have been sighted in the area, the predominant being white-rumped. These were sighted in Pandhu nalah and Deol block in Kangra region,\" said A R M Reddy, chief forest conservator of Kangra region. He said that a \"fire line\" of length 2.4 km long and 10 metre near the vulture populated site is being cleared to protect nests from accidental fires.\"Earlier, use of diclofenac (an anti-inflammatory drug) in livestock was found poisoning vultures, which ld to their near extinction,\" said Krishnendu Haldar, an environmentalist. The drug was banned in India in 2006.To avoid complete extinction of these species, captive breeding programmes are being run in the country. The main centers for the same are located at Pinjore in Haryana, Rajabhatkhawa in West Bengal and Rani in Assam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11802178", "title": "Special trains between Mysore and Sai Nagar Shirdi", "text": "HUBLI: South Western Railway has decided to continue to run weekly express special trains between Mysore-Sai Nagar Shirdi (Train no.06201 / 06202) via Bangalore, Dharmavaram, Guntakal, Bellary, Hospet, Gadag, Bijapur and Solapur.Accordingly, train no. 06201 Mysore-Sai Nagar Shirdi weekly express special will depart from Mysore station at 05-30 hrs on Mondays, from April 2 to June 25 and arrive at 11-30 hrs at Sai Nagar Shirdi on Tuesdays.En route, the weekly express special will depart from Mandya at 06-17 hrs, Kengeri at 07-37 hrs, Bangalore City at 08-25 hrs, Bangalore Cantonment at 08-37 hrs, Yelhanka Junction at 09-10 hrs, Hindupur at 11-00 hrs, Dharmavaram at 12-30 hrs, Anantpur at 13-05 hrs, Guntakal at 14-50 hrs, Bellary at 15-55 hrs, Tornagallu at 16-12 hrs, Hospet at 17-05 hrs, Koppal at 17-35 hrs, Gadag at 19-00 hrs, Bagalkot at 21-10 hrs, Bijapur at 23-35 hrs, at Hotgi at 02-35 hrs at Solapur at 04-00 hrs, Kurdwadi at 05-10 hrs, Daund at 06-55 hrs, Ahmed Nagar at 08-50 hrs, Belapur at 10-05 hrs and will arrive at Puntamba at 10-40 hrs.In the return direction, train no. 06202 Sai Nagar Shiridi-Mysore weekly express special will depart from Sai Nagar Shirdi at 23-55 hrs on Tuesdays from April 3, 2012 to June 26, 2012 and will arrive at 07-10 hrs at Mysore on Thursdays. En route, the weekly express special will depart from Puntamba at 00-45 hrs, Belapur at 01-40 hrs, Ahmed Nagar at 03-10 hrs, Daund at 05-30 hrs, Kurdwadi at 06-50 hrs, Solapur at 08-40 hrs, Hotgi at 09-30 hrs, Bijapur at 11-45 hrs, Bagalkot at 14-00 hrs, Gadag at 16-05 hrs, Koppal at 17-32 hrs, Hospet at 18-15 hrs, Torangallu at 19-05 hrs, Bellary at 19-50 hrs, Guntakal at 20-45 hrs, Anantapur at 21-52 hrs, Dharmavaram at 23-27 hrs, Hindupur at 01-00 hrs, Yelhanka at 02-52 hrs, Bangalore Cantonment at 03-30 hrs, Bangalore city at 04-00 hrs, Kengeri at 04-30 hrs and arrive at Mandya at 05-50 hrs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11801628", "title": "District judge seeks explanation from ACJM", "text": "LUCKNOW: District and sessions judge Virendra Vikram Singh on Tuesday sought explanation from additional chief judicial magistrate Priti Srivastav within a week on a complaint that she sentenced three accused persons without delivering the judgement. The order came on an application moved by the accused alleging that ACJM Srivastav convicted and sentenced them with three-year jail term on February 3 in connection with a case of misappropriation, but did not hand over a copy of judgement.According to the counsel for the accused, Manoj Mishra, Poonam Mishra had filed a complaint case against her husband Sunil Mishra and two in-laws Rajkumar Mishra and Laxmi Mishra under section 406 of the IPC in 2002. After the proceedings of the trial, ACJM Srivastav had reserved the verdict on January 4, 2012. The date was deferred to January 12, 2012; January 18, 2012; February 2, 2012 and finally the court convicted the accused on February 3, 2012 with the maximum sentence awardable under section 406 of IPC. The counsel of the accused moved an application before the district and sessions judge on February 6, 2012 that the judgement of the ACJM was not ready and delivered till February 3, 2012, which is clear from the fact that after holding the accused persons guilty and till releasing them on interim bail, the signatures of the accused were not obtained on the judgement, which is a procedural requirement.The judgement was prepared on February 6, 2012 after the complaint by the accused and that is why in a hurry the presiding officer missed to put her signature on last six pages of the judgment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "11804158", "title": "Google planning to assure it will license Motorola patents fairly", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Google Inc, the largest maker of smartphone software, plans to send a letter to standards organizations reassuring them it will license Motorola Mobility Holdings Inc patents on a fair and reasonable basis, according to two people with direct knowledge of the situation.The letter, to be signed by a senior Google lawyer, is likely to be sent within the next 24 hours, according to the people, who asked not to be named because the decision isn't yet public. The move would come after a deadline passed for Google to submit remedies to the European Commission , which is evaluating the plan to buy Motorola Mobility for $12.5 billion.Google, which has drawn scrutiny over the acquisition of Motorola Mobility's patents, plans to send the letter to several standards organizations, the people said. The groups would include the European Telecommunications Standards Institute, a nonprofit recognized by the European Union . Sending the letter is a \"good step\" for Google, said Maulin Shah, managing director of patent research firm Envision IP Inc. in New York .\"Having the blessing of wireless standards committees could help Google's position,\" Shah said in an interview. \"The regulators might see that as a sign that this is not going to lead to a monopoly position.\"'FRAND' licensing Niki Fenwick, a spokeswoman for Google, said Motorola Mobility's patent-licensing approach won't change after the acquisition. The company will continue to offer terms that are fair, reasonable and nondiscriminatory, or FRAND, she said.\"Since we announced our agreement to acquire Motorola Mobility last August, we've heard questions about whether Motorola Mobility's standard-essential patents will continue to be licensed on FRAND terms once we've closed this transaction,\" she said. \"The answer is simple: They will.\"Jennifer Erickson, a spokeswoman for Libertyville, Illinois-based Motorola Mobility, declined to comment.European regulators will rule on the deal by February 13, Antoine Colombani, a spokesman for the commission in Brussels , said today. The agency could either clear the deal or open an in-depth probe that would last about 90 working days.Google plans to use Motorola Mobility's more than 17,000 patents to protect supporters of its Android software in licensing and legal disputes with rivals such as Apple Inc.The acquisition -- the largest wireless-equipment deal in at least a decade, according to data compiled by Bloomberg -- also makes Google a competitor to the other handset makers that make Android devices. In addition to running on Motorola Mobility phones, the software works on handsets made by companies such as Samsung Electronics Co and HTC Corp.Shares of Mountain View, California-based Google dropped less than 1 per cent to $606.77 today. The stock has declined 6.1 per cent this year. Motorola Mobility shares rose less than 1 per cent today to $38.88.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11799601", "title": "Sadbhavana fast: Bavla turns into a political battlefield", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Bavla turned into a political battle field on Tuesday. The Sadbhavana fast of chief minister Narendra Modi and Satkarma fast of Congress leaders were held in this small town, 35 km from Ahmedabad.The mood at both the camps was upbeat with people from nearby villages making a beeline at both the venues. The Bavla highway was dotted with vehicles sporting Sadbhavana and Satkarma fast banners.The BJP camp managed to score over the Congress in the show of strength. More than 1,000 men and women carrying pots on their head marched through the highway to the venue. Some of the women also broke into a dance before the stage carrying a photo of goddess on their head. However, the minority community which is in sizeable population in the area was conspicuous by its absence from the venue of Sadbhavna fast. But, support from other parts of the district wasQuite a substantial number of people from various parts of Bavla also sat on token fast along with Modi. Youths too pitched in with a massive rally from various villages which culminated at the venue of the Sadbhavana fast.However, at the Congress' fast venue, this show was missing, which was full of speeches, while in the Sadhbhavana fast venue,it was folk dances and as well as patriotic songs. The in charge minister for the district Anandiben Patel had during the meeting requested the workers to get sweets made from pure ghee and dry fruits for Modi.She had said that the same will be distributed among the girls who suffer from malnourishment. The appeal seemed to have worked. About 1,400 kg of traditional Gujarati sweets made of ghee and 51 kg of dry fruits were offered to Modi instead of the garland.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11800632", "title": "Political din may drown citizens' voice for silence zones", "text": "PUNE: Political parties have one cause in common__ their opposition to silence zones while campaigning. Amid the heat over election, the state government has decided to take up the issue with the pollution control board and to the court if necessary.However, common citizens want to protect silence zones to save them from blaring horns, ear-splitting music, loud public announcements and noisy scenes during elections.The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has made available 255 amenity spaces across the city to hold public meetings. Political parties will have to take permission from the police to hold rallies and no-objection certificates from the traffic police. However, they want to conduct public meetings in congested city areas where there are many silence zones. They also fear action under the Noise Pollution (Control And Regulation) Rules, 2000.\"We are not against silence zones. But there is no harm in relaxing them for elections like it is done for Ganesh festivals and on some other days. After all, we have to reach the public to convince them about our stand. In a democracy, public meetings are the best way to communicate with masses. If we stifle the voice of political parties in the name of silence zones, it is cause for concern. The state government will take up this issue. I will discuss the matter with our alliance partner (Congress) and then reach out to other political parties for a consensus,\" deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar said on Tuesday.Observers said it was the state government that had asked municipal corporations to create silence zones within 100 m of all educational institutions, hospitals, courts, places of worship, as well as impose restrictions at construction sites. Blaring horns, ear-splitting music, loud public announcements, rallies and noisy scenes near educational institutions and hospitals are not allowed in silence zone.For effective implementation of the noise pollution (control and regulation) rules, 2000, the environment department has asked various state organisations, including municipal corporations and the police department, to appoint officers who are designated authorities to take the action against noise pollution.Last week, Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray threatened to go ahead with a poll rally at Shivaji Park in Mumbai on February 13 despite the Bombay high court turning down his party's application.With the BMC elections round the corner, political parties are keen on a show of strength at the iconic Shivaji Park, but the area has been declared a silence zone and public rallies at the venue require the high court's permission.Thackeray's party is also struggling with permission to hold rallies in Pune. \"We have no other option then to hold rallies on roads. How do we communicate our message to masses? asked MNS city unit chief Bal Shedge.Mayor Mohansingh Rajpal said, \"There are very few public places to hold rallies and public meetings. If we insist on restrictions, campaigning will suffer. Elections are important and permission should be given to conduct meetings wherever possible.\"NCP corporator and leader of the party in PMC Subhash Jagtap supported the idea of holding meetings in silence zones and even on the roads. He said that civic elections are fought at the micro level and parties should not be told to seek permission to organise street-corner meetings. \"If we organize a small meeting at the street corner, traffic congestion does not arise,\" said Jagtap.Some corporators said there is little space in the Peth areas to hold meetings and the civic body and police should ensure that all parties get open spaces for meetings.Municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak has said that the decision to allow public meetings at chowks and roads will depend on the permission given by the local police station. Parties will have to take all necessary no-objection certificates and permissions 72 hours before the meeting or rally.The Pune Municipal Corporation identified about 2,047 silence zones across the city including 1,260 schools, including municipal and private, and colleges; 710 hospitals, 77 courts and some government offices, where the boards will have to be displayed. However, initially, the civic body plans to install only 1,100 boards and, later, cover other zones in the city. The civic standing committee approved a proposal of putting up 1,100 'silence zone' signboards near educational institutions, hospitals and court buildings. The signboards were to come up within a radius of 100 metres of the institutions. However, in June 2011 corporators deferred a decision on approving the list of designated silent zones in the city. Instead, they asked the civic administration to rework it.Shiv Sena had questioned silence zones saying that it will create 'hurdles' in celebrations of Ganesh festival while the BJP wanted the civic body to take political parties into confidence while deciding about the zones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11802639", "title": "Toilet at Neem Park draws residents' ire", "text": "NAGPUR: Residents of Friends Colony on Katol Road are irked over Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) for constructing a toilet at Neem Park. However, corporation officials from Mangalwari zone said that it is being constructed due to setting up of an election booth at the park for the ensuing corporation elections.Dilip Bhagde, a resident, told TOI that it was a shock for residents when they spotted the ongoing construction inside the park.According to him, though Friends Colony area is very big, it lacks open public space and the only small Neem Park serves as a great a help for morning and evening walkers. \"In fact, it is the only ground available in the locality,\" said another resident Manhor Gotmare.Businessman and resident Dinesh Lakhotia too pointed out that the residents use the place to organise social gatherings including Republic Day and Independence Day celebrations and all religious festivals like Ganeshutsav, Diwali and Holi.Residents Pravin Rajurkar, Kailash Wandhe and Dr Yeshwant Patil wondered the decision of the civic body to select the small garden for construction of the toilet. They said that the civic body should construct the public toilet in its two-acre open land near a nullah, which is almost three minutes walking distance from the park.Confirming the protest against the construction of a toilet, the corporator of the ward Harish Gwalbanshi, however, said that the construction of the toilet started ahead of the civic polls, as a polling booth will be set up at the park.\"It is mandatory for every booth to have a toilet and as there is no such facility here, the decision to construct one has been taken,\" he said.He also pointed out that the Mangalwari zone has received many complaints from residents of the locality about the lack of a public toilet, due to which, the shopping complex near the park has taken the shape of an open urinal.Residents blamed this to the failure of the authorities to provide proper public toilet facility for motorists. Residents also complain of unbearable stench emanating from the periphery of the complex.\"The scene of people relieving themselves also deprives many families of an opportunity to sit in their balconies in the evenings,\" said Bhagde.Its location in the midst of residential houses and hotels is also worrying. \"The situation is worse during the night time and aggravates during the rainy season. It just becomes unbearable,\" said some residents.The area does not sport any public toilet facility. And if a public toilet is constructed near the nullah, it could stop the practise, is the common refrain. Officials from Mangalwari zone said that they are looking into the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11805707", "title": "GRE records new high", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Graduate Record Examinations recorded an all time high with its 2011 test volumes crossing 8 lakh. The Educational Testing Service (ETS), which conducts this exam announced this attributing the success to the 2011 launched revised GRE on Wednesday.In a year when other higher education admissions tests reported flat or declining volumes, the 2011 launch of the GRE revised General Test led to the largest testing year in the program's history and represented a 13% increase over that of 2010. ETS officials believe the added momentum is due to the new test-taker friendly design of the GRE revised General Test combined with growing acceptance of GRE scores worldwide by thousands of graduate institutions, including B-schools.\"We are excited to see such a sharp rise in interest in the GRE revised General Test because it ultimately leads to more people pursuing higher education. In addition, the growing use of GRE scores by B-schools is good news for aspirants who now have more opportunities for success-applicants can take one test to pursue either graduate school or an MBA,\" says David Payne , vice president and chief operating officer of ETS's Higher Education Division.In 2011, the GRE Program recorded growth in all major markets around the world. US volumes increased nearly 10% from 2010, and ETS saw increases in important segments such as under represented groups, the variety of undergraduate degrees and individuals planning to pursue an MBA. Internationally, GRE test volumes increased nearly 25% over 2010. While growth was recorded throughout the world, including Europe, Africa and other regions, India saw a whopping 43% increase and China a 28% increase in test volumes.2011 also witnessed significant increase in number of institutions, including B-schools around the world and international institutions, accepting GRE scores for admission. In 2011, the number of B-schools accepting GRE scores for their MBA programs increased to nearly 800, up from 450 in 2010. International institutions accepting GRE scores also grew by nearly 10% in 2011. \"GRE test takers now have access to more institutions than ever before with substantial growth in acceptance by business and international schools,\" said Payne.Leading schools who accept GRE scores for their MBA program reported to ETS that they are now seeing a growing applicant pool of GRE test takers. In addition, GRE score reports sent to international schools rose more than 17% in 2011 compared to the prior year.\"Accepting GRE scores is a win-win for both aspirants and the graduate program,\" says Harvie Wilkinson, director of MBA programs for the Gatton College of Business at the University of Kentucky. \"The student now has more options, and with that, the B-school becomes more diverse; with different backgrounds working together, better projects are able to be produced.\"2011 marked exceptional growth for the GRE Program, providing an even better test and a better testing experience, which is good news for potential students. Jennifer Gonsalves, a GRE test taker in Mumbai, said: \"The GRE revised general test is much better than before. With new and improved features, it is extremely user friendly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "11802608", "title": "With just 49% voting, election peaceful in Yavatmal", "text": "YAVATMAL: Around 49% voting was recorded in the district till 3.30pm. The final polling figure was yet to be compiled and may range between 60% and 65%, said Shravan Hardikar, deputy collector and chief returning officer.Polling stations in city areas had a poor turnout this time also and the average voting may be below 60%, he said. Barring stray incidents of group clashes and altercations in some constituencies, the election was fair and peaceful.SP Ranjankumar Sharma said that police had registered over 60 cases in the last couple of days and seized a huge stock of illegal liquor from different parts of the district and a few vehicles carrying them. Liquor and money flowed to woo voters in remote villages, sources said.Meanwhile, Shiv Sainiks allegedly pelted stones at the escort vehicles of guardian minister Nitin Raut and MPCC president Manikrao Thakre on the eve of elections. The driver was pulled out and thrashed.The driver lodged a complaint at Ner police station and a criminal offence was registered against sitting Shiv Sena MLA from Digras Sanjay Rathod. In turn, Rathod has filed a complaint with the election officer at Ner alleging that Thakre, Raut and their supporters were distributing money in Bhalegaon.Rathod and others were following the cops and sighted the motorcade of the two leaders. The irate Shiv Sainik allegedly took law into their hands and pelted stones.SDPO Ramdas Patil said that criminal offences have been registered against Rathod and 15 of his associates,\" Patil said.SP Ranjankumar Sharma also confirmed the incident. District collector Shravan Hardikar visited Watfali and took stock of the situation.Meanwhile, Rathod denied allegations levelled against him at a press conference.52.83% voting reported in Wardha till 3.30pmOfficials reported 52.83% voting in Wardha till 3.30pm, however final figures were yet to come till the time of reporting.Several incidents of code of conduct violation were reported while tension prevailed in some areas. Virendra Dubey (32) was arrested with 25,700 and a dagger. He admitted to the police that he is a supporter of Rana Rannavare. The cash was allegedly meant to be distributed in Yelakeli, the area of Rannavare. The police of Deoli police station also seized cash 1 lakh in Anji-Andori area. tnnTension prevailed in Ashti area, where NCP supporters fought with each other over some confusion in voters list. Some unidentified persons also attacked some policemen in Ashti area, though no arrest were reported.Voters in Pimpalgaon boycotted the elections as they are unhappy with the condition of the road connecting the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11801573", "title": "With sound and fury, Ram kills Ravana on your mobile phone", "text": "CHENNAI: If you miss your grandmother telling you 'purana' stories, you might want to subscribe to this mobile service. Mythological audio stories are among the latest of infotainment value added services (VAS) to go mobile.UTV Interactive, the digital arm of UTV, has launched 'Divya Kathayein', an audio product with mythological stories on mobile phones. The content, which includes stories on Krishna, Ganesha, Durga, Vishnu, Shiva, Sai Baba and the Ramayana, is available across all operators.Lavina Tauro, senior vice president, voice products, UTV Interactive, said stories on Vishnu followed by Ganesha and Krishna are the most popular in Chennai. Divya Kathayein comes in seven languages-Hindi, Tamil, Telugu, Kannada, Malayalam, Oriya and Bengali. Two stories a month costs Rs 30. The company which has started with six stories would add or change stories every fortnight. This way there will be about 12 new stories every month for people to choose from.It's just not mythology that is available on mobile, says Upal Pradhan, general manager marketing of Tech Zone, a VAS company. \"Earlier Amar Chitra Katha was available,\" he says. \"Now you can listen to a film's story summary with dialogues and song on your mobile. This service has nearly 15 lakh subscribers across the country.\"M S Subbulakshmi's 'Suprabatham' was a rage for a long time in Chennai. \"In Tamil Nadu, people wake up to this song. We launched a service where subscribers get an automated call in the morning and once he picks up, the song is played. It had two lakh subscribers,\" says Tauro.To access such facilities one does not need high end phones. \"These are available on basic phones,\" says Tauro. Many in the industry feel that though youngsters are hooked on to modern forms of entertainment, mythology as a content remains a favourite for Indians.However, some mobile operators are sceptical. \"Will youngsters be interested in such products? And when we get calls or messages, the storytelling gets interrupted,\" said a senior BSNL official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11800198", "title": "Now, book railway tickets 4 months in advance", "text": "NEW DELHI: The railways has decided to increase the advance reservation period from the current 90 days to 120 days from March 10.\"It has been decided to increase the advance reservat-ion period from 90 days to 120 days on experimental basis,\" the commercial department's circular said. The railways claimed the move will help passengers plan their jour-neys better. The centre for railway information system (CRIS) will make necessary changes in the software for this purpose.However, there will be no change in case of certain short-distance trains like Taj Express and Gomti Express, the advance reservation period for whom is 15 days and it will remain unchanged. There will also be no change in case of the limit of 360 days for foreign tourists. Railways had earlier reduced the Tatkal booking period from 48 hours to 24 hours to prevent misuse of the facility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11802550", "title": "High court allows BJP corporator Ghodpageto contest elections", "text": "NAGPUR: BJP sitting corporator Rajesh Ghodpage and three other aspirants got respite from the high court, which has directed NMC to accept their nomination forms and allow them to contest the corporation elections on February 16. However, the HC has rejected the pleas by three other aspirants seeking its intervention to allow them to contest the civic polls.On February 3, Gandhibagh zone returning officer Manoj Deshkar had rejected the nomination form of BJP corporator Rajesh Ghodpage after he failed to submit caste validity certificate.The RO gave him two days time. However, Ghodpage, whose caste validity petition is pending in thes high court, approached the court. The HC on Monday directed NMC to accept his nomination form.The HC passed similar directions and gave relief to three other candidates, Dinesh Salve (Prabhag number 21), Priyanka Panjwani (Jaripatka prabhag) and Dilip Somkuwar (prabhag number 65).However, the BJP received a set back in Bastarwari after its official candidate Yogesh Gondane's plea in high court was rejected. Three other candidates whose pleas were rejected included Surendra Pandit, Maroti Sahare and Rajhansa Gade.The respective zones on Tuesday distributed free election symbols to Salve, Panjawani and Somkuwar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11800630", "title": "Tigers' presence causing sterility in bisons?", "text": "PANAJI: The pause in breeding of bisons at the Bondla zoo for over two years has baffled zoo officials.Is the tigers' presence and their deafening roar terrifying them into sterility? \"We can't be sure about it, though it may have affected the bison's breeding,\" D N F Carvalho, deputy conservator of forests (wildlife and eco tourism) said. One of the three female bisons and the two others are young.But sambars and four-horned antelopes are some of the animals which have bred in captivity after the tigers- Rana and Sandhya -were brought from Vishakapatnam zoo in July 2009. \"Maybe the older bison is too old. In this case, only one of the two younger females may have been affected as the other is too young for breeding,\" a source said.\"The bisons havenot been in heat during the last couple of years,\" a zoo official said. The tigers and gaurs are visible to each other. Says a veterinary doctor, \"The tigers presence may be attributed to physiological and hormonal changes in the bison.\"Forest department officials have now decided to shift the bisons away from the carnivores.The new enclosure is located barely 400m away. \"The tigers' roar will be heard, but it will not be ear-splitting as it is now,\" Carvalho said.The ex situ conservation breeding of bisons had commenced in 1984. \"At least eight bisons have bred in captivity since then,\" a zoo official said. Two pairs were given in exchange of other animals to zoos in Hyderabad and Vishakapatnam.Zoo staff and officials are waiting to see how the bisons react after their relocation. \"We will know if it is the tigers' presence that is affecting their breeding cycle,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11801233", "title": "Boy drowns in water tank", "text": "COIMBATORE: A four-and-half year-old boy died on Tuesday when he fell into a ground level water tank at Perumal Nagar near Kavundampalayam.Police said, Worbin Vivera (36) and his wife Anu (26) were residing in Perumal Nagar. Their son, Erone, an LKG student, did not go to school on Tuesday and was playing in the ground floor of the house, fell in a water tank and died of asphyxiation.His mother was on the first floor and his father was away in his mobile shop.Later, Anu looked for Erone and could not find him. Construction workers from the area conducted search and found the boy's body in the tank.Thudiyalur police sent the body to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) for autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "11799368", "title": "Satre's limestone cave leaves visitors charmed", "text": "KERI: An awestruck group of students from Valpoi's government higher secondary school led by their teacher Devidas Kotkar recently visited Satre's \"limestone cave\". \"Witnessing the wonder of nature in a cave with stalagmites and stalactites growing actively was an exciting experience,\" Kotkar said.The hilly and forested Sattari taluka has many wonders of nature and most of them are situated inside the Mhadei wildlife sanctuary. Satre, a village situated in the remotest corner of the taluka, steals the show with its natural cave with stalactites and stalagmites.Stalactite means to drip and is a type of speleothem (secondary mineral) that hangs from the ceiling of limestone caves. It is a kind of dripstone. The corresponding formation on the floor of the cave is known as a stalagmite.This cave, located in the Mhadei valley in the border areas of Karnataka and Goa, was discovered five years ago by Shrihari Kugaji, a volunteer of Paryavarini, Belgaum.In Goa, limestones are known to be found only in two talukas-Sattari and Sanguem. \"In Sattari, the limestone deposits occur in the north-western corner, along the Western Ghats from Derode in the east to river in the west, passing through Kodal hill, Satre Ghat, Parvad Ghat and Surla Ghat,\" said Deelip Arolkar who has conducted a study on the geology and mineral resources of Sattari taluka.Beside Satre in Sattari, there are limestone caves with stalagmites and stalactites near Amgao village in Karnataka on either bank of the Mhadei.Scientists M G Yadava and R Ramesh of the physical research laboratory, Ahmadabad, and G B Pant of the Indian institute of tropical meteorology, Pune, have published a research paper on past monsoon rainfall variations in peninsular India recorded in a 331-year-old speleothem by studying an actively growing stalagmite collected from the Akalagavi cave located in Ulvi near Karwar in the Uttar Kannada district of Karnataka.\"As all the limestone caves with stalagmites and stalactites from the Mhadei valley that fall in Sattari and along the border of Karnataka are already included in the Bhimgad and Mhadei wildlife sanctuaries, they are legally protected for posterity,\" said Vijay Gaonkar from Surla-Sattari who has visited some of these limestone caves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11800256", "title": "Paresh Bhende to contest from Curchorem in upcoming polls", "text": "MARGAO: The Curchorem Front (CF), a collective of individuals and social forums, will field Paresh Bhende, a businessman from Curchorem, as an independent candidate to contest the upcoming assembly elections from Curchorem.The front has been formed to provide \"a viable and distinct alternative\" to the electorate to polarize anti-Congress and anti-BJP votes, sources said. Bhende had held the post of chairperson of the Curchorem Cacora Municipal Council (CCMC) and had initiated several measures to decongest traffic during his brief tenure.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11789402", "title": "Aamir Khan in 'Talli'", "text": "Mumbai Mirror was the first to report about Raj Kumar Hirani not directing the next Munna Bhai film (Raju Hirani may not do Munna Bhai 3, December 22nd 2011). Reportedly, his writer and associate Abhijat Joshi will take forward the franchise with Sanjay Dutt and Arshad Warsi .Meanwhile, Hirani is reportedly finishing a project called PK which stars Aamir Khan in the lead. The film revolves around an intoxicated social crusader. The character has to be sloshed throughout the film and Aamir who doesn't consume alcohol in real life is getting a hang of slurring and stumbling that is needed to play a drunken hero.Now, the latest is that both Hirani and Aamir are not happy with the title and are eager to change it. According to reports, the film will now be titled Talli. Both Hirani and Aamir thought that the earlier title PK was too ambiguous and wasn't able to convey what the film was about. A source said, \"Talli is the tipsy title that Aamir and Raju feel would put the hero's drunken condition before the audience immediately.\"The problem with changing the title is that the rights of the title Talli lies with filmmaker Ken Ghosh and Hirani is concerned whether Ghosh will be willing to part with the title.The spokesperson of the film said, \"Talli is with Ken Ghosh. It all depends on whether he wants to part with the title,\"When contacted Ken Ghosh he said, \"Raj Kumar Hirani just has to ask for it.\" Both Raj Kumar Hirani and Aamir Khan remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "11802537", "title": "Dhurve elected as Bhandara municipal council president", "text": "BHANDARA: Varsha Dhurve and Kanwaljeetsingh Chaddha were elected unopposed as president and vice-president respectively of Bhandara Municipal Council on Tuesday.An announcement to the effect was made by presiding officer and deputy collector Suryakant Jadhav. NCP has been in power in the council for the last 10 years.The elections were scheduled on Tuesday. Only one nomination of Dhurve was received for the post of president while two forms were filed by Chaddha of NCP and Suryakant Ilme of BJP. But Ilme withdrew the nomination. Thus, Dhurve and Chaddha were elected unopposed.Yogesh Hedau and Dhananjay Dhage of NCP and Vikas Madankar of BJP were elected unopposed as co-opted members.Asha UIke of BJP, who was tipped to contest the post of president, did not file nomination. Suryakant Ilame, BJP group leader in the civic council, filed nomination for the post of vice-president but later withdrew as his party members in the council reportedly refused to vote him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "11805524", "title": "Odisha hooch toll mounts to 19, judicial probe ordered", "text": "CUTTACK: With 14 more persons succumbing to illness caused by spurious liquor, the death toll in Odisha hooch tragedy mounted to 19 today prompting the state government to order a judicial probe into the episode.As many as 13 persons, who drank on Monday night at a country liquor joint in Mahidharpada area of Cuttack district, are now undergoing treatment at the S C B Medical College and Hospital in Cuttack, official sources said.The toll, which stood at five yesterday, has now risen to 19 with more deaths reported during treatment, hospital's superintendent D N Moharana said.Deaths have taken place in several villages spread over Mahidharpada and Balianta areas of Cuttack and adjoining Khurda districts respectively, district Collector Girish said.People within five km radius of Mahidharpada have been affected by the killer drink, he said, adding the tragedy struck due to a deadly mixture as country liquor had been mixed with some cough syrup procured from a pharma company located at Rasulgarh area of Bhubaneswar.The pharmaceutical company's unit was raided and sealed last night and further investigation was on, he said.Chief minister Naveen Patnaik has ordered a judicial inquiry into the hooch tragedy, official sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "sbs nagar", "code": "11801739", "title": "They're the 'forever young couple'", "text": "SBS Nagar: People go to astrologers to decide an apt date for their marriage. But, Jasjeet Singh Chawla and his wife Satwinder Kaur chose to tie the knot on February 29 in 2000. Though it has been 12 years since their marriage, the couple would ideally celebrate their third wedding anniversary this year.\"This fact makes us feel younger,'' says Jasjeet, a businessman. \"I always wanted a unique date for my wedding. Though it was an arranged marriage, I decided upon February 29,'' he adds.The fact that this day comes once in four years never disappoints them as it gives them a chance to celebrate on a grand scale. Even their two little sons are excited about parents' wedding anniversary and have been curiously asking about the arrangements. Every year the couple celebrate the anniversary either on February 28 or March 1. But, in a leap year, the celebrations are on a larger scale. Even friends and relatives don't miss the unique date, says Jasjeet.He adds, \"The venue is yet to be decided, but I would throw a memorable party for our friends and relatives. I haven't finalized on the gift as it has to be as special as the date.'' Satwinder, a housewife, says, \"The relatives start asking us a year before the leap year about our celebration plans. Even my sons Sehaj, 10 and Saral, 8, have started understanding things now and are eagerly waiting for this February 29.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11800159", "title": "Rahul savours dosa in bylanes of Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: The holy city has seemingly become a favourite place for Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi as he is not only utilizing it as his base for electioneering in east UP region, but also savouring local delicacies and scenic ghats along the Ganga during leisure time. Not only this, but the Congress has also intensified its crowd-pulling exercise by involving its other star campaigners like Bollywood actor Zeenat Aman and others from Tuesday.Before the local administration and police could heave a sigh of relief when Rahul left the district after interacting with media on Monday morning, the Congress general secretary returned again in the evening after addressing election meetings at Ghazipur and Jaunpur. Before going to \"Daak Bungalow\" in Cantonment area where he stayed at night before leaving for Bhadohi to address another election meeting, Rahul left the local authorities sweating by visiting many city localities on Monday evening. Initially, he enjoyed South Indian food and ice-cream at a restaurant in Ramkatora area.The police were on their toes when the news of Rahul's arrival in this densely populated area spread and locals started gathering in front of the restaurant building. After having his meals, Rahul went to Dashaswamedh Ghat where he strolled on the ghat steps up and went up to the Saraswati Ghat. But as soon as a crowd stared gathering, Rahul left for Cantonment.With Rahul's visit, the Congress electioneering has intensified. On Tuesday, Bollywood actor Zeenat Aman visited the Cantonment assembly area to hold a road show. Her meet commenced from Muslim-dominated Lullapura locality and after passing through Sigra, she also visited Manduadih and DLW areas. During a brief chat with reporters, she said, \"I am not interested in politics like other film stars, but I am interested in Congress as I consider it the only party with secular credentials.\"She denied commenting on political issues like the Women Reservation Bill and possibility of Robert Vadra's entry in politics by terming herself as a film actor not a politician. But regarding her future, she said that if she would get a good role, she would certainly begin a second innings in Bollywood. She also did not forget to wish cricket star Yuvraj Singh a speedy recovery and return to Team India.Filmmaker Mahesh Bhatt is also arriving in the city on Wednesday for canvassing for Congress under the banner of \"Karwan-e-Bedari\", organized by the Aligarh-based Millat Bedari Muhim Committee (MBMC).Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11800488", "title": "CBI chargesheets 2 CRPF officers, insurance advisor in bribery case", "text": "PUNE: Two senior medical officers (SMO) of the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) and an insurance advisor were chargesheeted by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), Pune unit, on Tuesday in an alleged bribery case.The chargesheet was filed against SMO Narendra Prakash Gaur of 83 Battalion, CRPF, Jaipur, SMO Suraj Kumar Singh of GC, CRPF, Lucknow, and insurance advisor Tej Prakash Gaur of Malad in Mumbai.It was filed before special judge D R Mahajan by deputy superintendent of police Rajpal Singh through special public prosecutor Vivek Saxena.According to the chargesheet, the SMOs were posted at Talegaon Dabhade on a temporary basis to conduct medical examinations of recruits selected for the post of sub-inspector.The SMOs had declared complainant Liladhar Shivaji Patil fit in his medical examination, but did not issue him a medical certificate. They allegedly demanded a bribe of Rs 15,000 from Patil for a favourable medical certificate.Patil registered a complaint against the duo with the CBI's anti-corruption branch in Pune on March 1, 2011. A CBI team arrested the insurance advisor for allegedly accepting a bribe of Rs 10,000 on behalf of the SMOs on the same day. The SMOs were simultaneously arrested at a departmental store in Chinchwad. The trio was released on bail on March 4.The suspects have been chargesheeted under the relevant sections of the Indian Penal Code and Prevention of Corruption Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11801395", "title": "India loses 367 sq km of forests in 2 years", "text": "NEW DELHI: India recorded a net loss of 367 sq km of forests between 2009 and 2011 with Khammam district in Andhra Pradesh alone losing 182 sq km of green cover in the period, the latest 'state of forest' report has found. In all, AP lost 281 sq km of forests in two years. The report, prepared biennially by the Forest Survey of India (FSI), the Dehradun-based wing of the environment and forests ministry, was released on Tuesday.Environment secretary T Chatterjee attributed the loss to Left-wing extremists chopping off forests illegally, and the paper pulp industry harvesting old eucalyptus plantations in Khammam. He claimed that the forests in Khammam had been cleared in less than six months with plantations being cut and the extremists egging people on to cut the forests as well. The report, though, noted that the loss of forest cover was largely due to the felling of eucalyptus plantations.But officials were unable to explain how vast swathes of forests could disappear from one district in just six months. Khammam had also recorded a 56% loss of forests between 2007 and 2009 as per the ministry's reports. This reduction too had been apportioned to the cutting of plantations by the government in 2009.The explanation, blaming the loss of green cover on Naxals, was also odd considering Chhattisgarh and Jharkhand, which currently witness a far stronger presence of Left-wing extremists, have either seen growth or stagnation of their forests cover. In Chhattisgarh, a net loss of 4 sq km of forests was recorded while there was a net gain of 83 sq km in Jharkhand.The report noted that the largest loss of forests, excluding the northeastern states, occurred in AP which lost 281 sq km of forests in just two years. While the northeastern states show huge changes annually in their forest stocks, these are reflective of the large-scale shifting cultivation practised in the region and the figures do not reflect a permanent loss of green cover.A forest survey official said at the meeting that the AP government in its own report had recorded more than 100 sq km of forest loss in the state inside land controlled by the forest department. The central survey report records changes in forest cover all through the geographical area of the country and does not limit itself to land that is officially recognized as forestland.As per the survey, the forest and tree cover of the country is 78.29 million hectares which is 23.81% of the geographical area. Asked when the government expected to achieve the mandated 33% forest cover, director general of forests P J Dilip Kumar said that would require a structural change in the economy where more and more people migrated to the cities and the agricultural land left fallow could then be used to grow forests. He said failing agriculture was already making people migrate to the towns.The response from the government raises serious questions about the value of the report which does not demarcate natural forests from plantations. The FSI director general said neither had they been mandated to do the demarcation nor did they have the technological ability to do so. UN's Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO), however, does segregated statistics for the two types of forests for India based on reports submitted by the government.The weakness of the report in bringing out the health of forests in India was evident when officials admitted that the 100 sq km of forests added over two years were really agro-forestry patches and not real forests. Though agro-forestry is important as a source of timber to take the pressure off natural forests, a growth in these mostly mono-cultural plantations cannot compensate for the loss of biodiversity-rich natural forests which are lost to development projects, especially mining.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11800133", "title": "Childhood friends to remember Jagjit Singh in a musical evening on his birthday", "text": "JAIPUR: The childhood friends of ghazal maestro Jagjit Singh have come together to celebrate the birthday of their friend on Wednesday. With will organize a musical evening for their friend with whom they lived, played and studied together in Sriganganagar district.The friends, including one LM Sharma, who is a garment exporter and O N Sharma, a banker who have had memorable childhood with the ghazal singer, have formed a group 'Ghazal Samrat Jagjit Singh memorial'.\"We have invited Roshan Bharti, the son of Ustaad Jamal Khan and is nephew of Pakistani ghazal singer Mehdi Hasan who will be giving musical tribute to Jagjit Singh at Ravindra Manch on Wednesday evening,\" LM Sharma told TOI on Tuesday.Ustaad Jamal Khan is the one who was the first musical teacher of the ghazal king in Sriganganagar.\"It is a free entry for all those who love the singer on first come first serve basis,\" Sharma added.Asked about forming the memorial, Sharma, said: \"We will be organising regular events on Jagjit Singh. Though he is no more but he will always remain with us through his mellifluous voice.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "11802202", "title": "Punjab Science Congress begins", "text": "AMRITSAR: The 3-day 15th Punjab Science Congress was inaugurated at Guru Nanak Dev University here on Tuesday, in which over 500 scientists and researchers are participating.In his address, Prof S S Gill, vice-chancellor, Baba Farid University of Health Sciences, Faridkot said that science was deeply concerned with every day life and contribution of science had to be acknowledged for the betterment of society. Scientific temperament has to be inculcated for achieving targets in eradicating poverty, providing good education, water and hygiene, eradication of illiteracy under Vision-2020 and Vision-2025 missions and only science and technology could help in this regard, he said. He also expressed concern over the decline in number of students pursing science studies.In his message -- read out by GNDU vice chancellor Prof A S Brar -- governor, Punjab, Shivraj V Patil, said that India was still a backward country in several respects. He said that water table in Punjab was going down continuously and need of the hour was to act against ground water depletion expeditiously.On the occasion, Prof Yashpal, former chairman, University Grants Commission, was honoured with lifetime achievement award for his contributions in the field of science.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11798970", "title": "Your officers are insensitive, says BMC", "text": "MUMBAI: Your officers are insensitive, the Bombay HC told the BMC on Tuesday while hearing a petition by a housing society disputing its water bill.A division bench of Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice Ramesh Dhanuka was hearing a petition filed by Unnat Nagar Cooperative Housing Society at Goregaon. The BMC sent the society a water bill for 2004-05, asking it to pay Rs 9 lakh. The BMC also threatened to stop their water supply.The society moved the HC and as interim relief, the HC restrained the BMC from disconnecting the supply. The court directed the society to deposit Rs 4.5 lakhwithout prejudice to its rights and contention.The BMC came up with an amnesty scheme called Abhay Yojana and agreed to charge Rs 9.36 lakh as full and final payment for the period till December 2009. The society's advocate, Rajiv Patil, said the petition can be disposed of by a consent order so the deposit can be refunded.BMC advocate Vidya Gharpure said a long process has to be followed before the refund can be given. She said the deputy municipal commissioner has to sign it and it has to be approved by the accounts department. She asked for time to file an affidavit.The judges expressed displeasure over the delay. \"The problem is your officers are insensitive toward people's grievance. Their (the society's) money is stuck up ,\" said Justice Bobde. The judges granted a week's time to BMC to file the affidavitstating the procedure for refund and failing to do so, pass direction for immediate refund.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11801280", "title": "Namma netas take a yoga break", "text": "BANGALORE: They are often part of unruly scenes and war of words turning the assembly into a battleground. But this time around, legislators twisted and turned as they performed different asanas on the premises of legislators' home.They were part of the camp, 'Yoga Vigyana Shibira', organized by the department of Ayush on Tuesday as a prelude to the International Conference on Yoga, Naturopathy and Arogya Expo (ICYN 2012). Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda participated too.MLAs and MLCs performed various yogasanas under the expert guidance of yoga guru K Raghavendra R Pai. \"Yoga is an ideal cure for various ailments. It should be adopted by everyone, including the elected representatives who work under a lot of pressure. Yoga will help overcome any kind of crisis. To promote yoga, the government will make special allocation in the budget,\" the CM said.The government will hold another yoga camp for those involved in preparing the budget. Urging people to adopt yoga as a way of living, the CM said: \"I have noticed how legislators become tired by the time they reach Vidhana Soudha to attend the session. They can participate in debates by rejuvenating themselves through yoga.\"The participants performed pranayama, mudras, and dharana, which have the potential to curb ailments like arthritis , diabetes and depression .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11802102", "title": "Obese people feel more pain: Study", "text": "WASHINGTON: Obesity is known to be causing a host of other illness. Now, a new study has found that people carrying extra kilos experience more pain then those with normal weight.The study of more than one million people, published in the journal Obesity, found the heaviest individuals also reported highest rates of pain - about 254% more than the normal-weight people in some cases.\"Our findings confirm and extend earlier studies about the link between obesity and pain,\" study author Arthur Stone of Stony Brook University was quoted as saying by LiveScience.Previous studies have also shown a link between weight and various painful conditions, including including lower back pain, tension-type or migraine headache, fibromyalgia, abdominal pain and chronic widespread pain.In the new study, Stone and his colleagues analyzed data from telephone surveys conducted between 2008 and 2010 by the Gallup Organization . Respondents indicated their height and weight, which researchers used to calculate body mass index, and also answered questions about pain, including whether they had \"experienced pain much of the day yesterday\" .Compared with participants who ranked as low-to-normal weight, the overweight group was 20% more likely to report pain yesterday, while the obesity-I group reported 68% higher pain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11802227", "title": "George Cross theft: Winner's widow moves Himachal court", "text": "SHIMLA: Perturbed over the failure of the Himachal Pradesh Police in solving the theft of the George Cross awarded to her martyred husband by the British for bravery, septuagenarian Brahmi Devi has finally knocked on the doors of the state high court to seek justice.When a bench of the high court convenes March 6, it will decide on the crucial issue of the theft of the medal awarded during the pre-independence era to an Indian soldier, a court official said on Tuesday.\"In her petition, Brahmi Devi alleged that the police investigation into the case was not up to the mark. She also demanded that the court should stay the auction of the medal till the petition is pending in the court,\" Shakti Singh Chandel, a former Indian Administrative Service (IAS) officer who is pursuing the matter, said. \"The CID ( Criminal Investigation Department) has investigated the case since 2009 and no chargesheet has been filed so far despite investigating the two accused (based in India),\" he added.The issue of the stolen medal came to light when Britain's leading auction house Dix Noonan Webb listed the medal for auction on December 2, 2009. Later, on the intervention of the Indian government, the British authorities withdrew the medal from the auction.Brahmi, 77, who lives in a village in Himachal's Bilaspur district, had claimed that it was stolen from her residence. She had reported the theft February 3, 2002. DIG I D Bhandari said here last week: \"The British investigating agencies in their report sent to the police here have ruled out the possibility of theft and cheating. They said the medal was genuinely purchased by Ashok Nath (a non-resident Indian who is settled in Britain) from S L Jain (an antique dealer based in Delhi).\"\"There is a possibility that the medal can be again listed for the auction,\" he added.Brahmi received the medal from the then Viceroy, Field Marshal Lord Wavell, in 1946. Her husband, Kirpa Ram was awarded the George Cross, considered the civilian counterpart of Britain's highest military decoration - the Victoria Cross, for sacrificing his life to save his comrades while disposing of a misfired rifle grenade at a camp in Bangalore September 12, 1945. ians", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11804771", "title": "A celebration of sufi music", "text": "Against the pristine backdrop of Victoria Memorial, the lush lawns of Mohor Kunj reverbated with strains of Sufi music over the weekend.It seemed as though the whole city was at Sufi Sutra, a celebration of sufi music. Artistes from Azerbaijan, Denmark, Hungary, Morocco and Egypt descended on the City of Joy to take part in the festival. The event was inaugurated by Tanmoy Bose, who is also the brain behind the programme, and Ustad Amjad Ali Khan. \"Classical music has a lot of discipline but folk music is a celebration of natural music,\" said the latter just before the performances began.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11801780", "title": "Love blooms on Rose Day", "text": "LUDHIANA: A city of vivacious women and handsome hunks could certainly not miss the onset of the Valentine week. Though love remains in the air in this city through out the year, the Rose Day saw young couples trying innovative ways as they opened their heart to each other on Tuesday.Showering your loved one with roses wouldn't be a bad idea as this is how Ashu Singhania, a businessman from Model Town, wished his wife Kiran, who was overwhelmed with the gesture. \"I have planned a special surprise for her in the evening too. I will take her out for dinner and we will spend the entire evening together unlike other days when I am busy with work and return home late,'' said Ashu. His favourite song 'Kabhi kabhi mere dil me khayal aata hai' would play while they dine together, said Ashu, adding, \"I would take her on a long drive after the dinner.''Robin, a manager with a private firm and Upkar Nagar resident has planned to make every moment a special one on Rose Day for his wife Jinny. \"A bunch of roses, chocolates and stuffed toys brought that precious smile on her faces which I always long to see. I surprised her again in the afternoon with a platinum ring along with an artificial rose,'' said Robin.And when he takes Jinny out for dinner on Rose Day, every order they place would come along with a rose for Jinny, said Robin, reflecting the satisfaction he gets every time Jinny smiles. \"I feel on top of the world. What more could a girl ask for in her life,'' said the lucky wife.Angad, a businessman from Model Town, woke up his wife Ikpreet with a bouquet of roses. \"We then went out to watch a movie and have planned a candle light dinner at a restaurant of our choice. I had planned this day for the most fragrant rose in my life,'' said Angad. Among the many buying fresh roses for their love was Kangana Chhabra, a Model Town resident. She bought red, peach and yellow roses for her husband Vishesh.Kangana Chhabra, a Model Town resident, said, \"Roses of different colours symbolise different feelings and I have bought these colours just to tell him that he means a world to me. We would go for a candle light dinner to mark the day.\"Inderpal Singh, a businessman from New Lajpat Nagar, said he started his wife Harneet Kaur's day with a huge bunch of roses. \"We then went to watch Agneepath, which would be followed by a long drive. I have already chosen the best love songs to make the drive all the more romantic,'' said Inderpal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11800736", "title": "64% voting in zilla parishad elections", "text": "PUNE: Of the 2.5 lakh voters, 1.6 lakh, ie, 64.03%, exercised their franchise during the zilla parishad (ZP) and panchayat samiti election across 13 talukas in the district on Tuesday.The election in Pune became an intense battle among major political parties with the active participation of deputy chief minister NCP leader Ajit Pawar, Congress minister Harshvardhan Patil and Shiv Sena MP Shivajirao Adhalrao Patil.Patil's home constituency Indapur registered the highest voting of around 73%, followed by Pawar's constituency Baramati (around 68%). Shiv Sena's stronghold, Junnar taluka, also registered 68% voting, while Purandar, Daund and Shirur registered 67% each. The lowest voter turnout was at Haveli taluka (55%). Polls were conducted for 75 groups of ZP and 150 groups of panchayat samitis in the district.As per the district administration, barring one instance of failure of electronic voting machine, the polling was peaceful. No major instances of violation of the code of conduct were registered.The election was conducted at 3,984 polling stations. Nearly 22,000 people were involved in the election process and more than 500 vehicles were deployed for transportation of polling machinery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11799797", "title": "Jethava murder: Probe report submitted in HC", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Superintendent of police Surendranagar, Raghavendra Vatsa, who is probing the RTI activist Amit Jethava murder case, submitted his probe report to the Gujarat high court in a sealed cover on Tuesday. The report was filed on HC's instruction to probe the alleged role of BJP MP from Junagadh, Dinu Bogha Solanki, in the killing of the RTI activist in 2010.Jethava's father, Bhikhalal, had sought further probe on the ground that the city crime branch did not probe the case beyond a point in order to shield the politician. Amit in his PIL against illegal mining in the Gir sanctuary had levelled accusations against Solanki for violating all environment norms. HC has kept further hearing on February 28, when the IO will be filing the final report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "11802067", "title": "Wrestler pushed out of train, critical", "text": "KARNAL: Wrestler Lokesh Kumar, 18, who has won medals in national tournaments, suffered critical injuries when he was pushed out of a moving train at 6pm on Monday, near Bazida village on Ambala-Sonipat section. He was found in an unconscious state on Tuesday around 6am by some farmers.The victim is a sportsperson at Sports Authority of India's Chaudhary Devi Lal Stadium in Bahalgarh in Sonipat district. He was on his way to Sonipat from Karnal in Dadra Express. \"When I asked for some space to stand in the crowded train, five students, who were already there, started quarrelling with me. Suddenly, one of them kicked me out of the train,\" Lokesh told ToI.He was admitted in trauma centre of Karnal civil hospital and later shifted to a private hospital. Doctors said he received multiple injuries and a fracture in the backbone.Lokesh, who hails from Kamlapur village near Muzzafarnagar in UP, was attending a camp to get selected for sub junior cadet wrestling championship in Thailand scheduled next month, said his brother Pradeep Kumar.In the national wrestling games held at Hisar last year, Lokesh, a class 9 student, had bagged a silver medal in the 69kg category while he won gold medal in a championship organized by SportsAuthority of India the same year, said his brother. Railway police are inquiring into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11801264", "title": "CSMU exam likely by mid-March", "text": "KANPUR: Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University is gearing up to conduct the examinations for 2011-12 session.This year more than 6.5 lakh students would appear in the examinations. Over 70 lakh answersheets have been procured by the university. The work of printing of the question papers is nearing completion.Vice-chancellor Ashok Kumar, registrar Syed Waqar Husain and other officials of the university visited the evaluation centre on Monday. The officials reviewed the progress related to preparations for the examinations scheduled to held by mid-March.The officials learnt from the staff of the evaluation centre about the process of coding and decoding of the answer scripts, how the answer booklets will be evaluated and results prepared.Though the schedule of conducting examinations has not been decided. It is expected that in the meeting of examination committee scheduled to be held in a day or two, a decision in this regard would be taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11800046", "title": "EOW arrests main accused in fraud worth lakhs", "text": "NASHIK: The Economic Offences Wing (EOW) of the city police commissionerate has arrested Santosh Vaidya, the main accused in a fraud case that that duped Nashikites of lakhs of rupees. Santosh Vaidya, who floated Om Glamour Enterprises and Glamour Promotion, along with wife Reema Vaidya and a manager Arti Patil were arrested by the EOW on Saturday from Ankleshwar.Om Glamour Enterprises and Glamour Promotion took investments from people on an assurance that their money would be doubled in 90 days. However, all of a sudden they closed down their offices and disappeared from the scene.Vaibhav Shukla, who used to work in the company as an office boy and had also invested Rs 1.50 lakh in the company, had lodged an offence of cheating against the three at the Bhadrakali police station.In the complaint, Shukla had said that Santosh Vaidya, Reema and Arti Patil had vanished from Nashik on January 9.After the case was transferred to the EOW on January 3, Arti and Reema were arrested by the EOW personnel on January 30 from the Ojhar area of Nashik.All the three have been remanded in police custody till February 13. According to reports, the police have also confiscated Rs 36 lakh from them and their properties have also been attached. Further investigations are under way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11800253", "title": "Mom, look! A blue tree", "text": "KOLKATA: In their over-zealousness to please the chief minister and turn everything blue, senior officials at public works department have inadvertently turned anti-green. The lack of common sense or aesthetics in the use of enamel paint on trees lining the Maidan area has not only drawn criticism from the intelligentsia and common man, it has also shocked botanists and tree lovers as the use of oil-based paint is harmful for flora.It was in the run-up to the Republic Day parade on Red Road that PWD officials hit upon the novel idea of painting street furniture blue to impress Mamata Banerjee on her first outing at the venue as CM. Someone had an even brighter idea and decided to extend the paint theme to hundreds of trees that line Red Road, Hospital Road and other blacktops in the locality.A contractor was handed the project to beautify the 'ugly' brown and gray tree trunks. They were handed cans of white and blue enamel paint. The white paint was smeared till a height of 7 ft. Then three bands of cobalt blue were applied over it.While the bureaucrats beamed with pride over the ingenious drive, others were horrified. Businessman Sanjay Kapoor , who takes his son for football coaching to the Maidan daily, was flabbergasted. \"How can anyone do something so stupid? It is common sense that enamel paint is harmful for trees. The oil paint has plugged all the pores in the trunk, preventing it from breathing,\" he said.The painting of trees was a strict no-no as the paint could be toxic, said NSK Harsh, the head of the forest pathology division at the Forest Research Institute in Dehradun. Enamel paint is even more dangerous as it contains chemicals and metals like aluminum and lead, he pointed out. \"The paint will inhibit new bark formation. Injuries to the bark may eventually lead to cankers, girdling and die-back or complete death of a tree. Besides, the paint will act as a repellent for other life forms like squirrels and birds,\" Harsh said.Green activist Bonani Kakkar has contacted environment department and PWD officials to stop this mindless act. \"Environment minister Sudarshan Ghosh Dastidar and PWD secretary AR Bardhan had assured me that they would stop the use of enamel paint on trees. But it continues unabated,\" said Kakkar, who had lodged a protest as early as January 19.On Tuesday, half a dozen workers were busy painting trees opposite Indian Museum on Jawaharlal Nehru Road. \"It is frightening to see how destruction on this scale and for no reason can happen in the lungs of our city,\" a livid Kakkar said.Former forester Pranabesh Sanyal called for an immediate halt to the drive. \"Stop the poisoning of trees,\" he pleaded. It will be very difficult to remove the paint that has already been applied, he said. \"But it has to be done to save the giant trees, many of which are over five decades old,\" he said.\"Earlier, lime was used on the trunk of trees that lined the road to prevent cars from crashing into them at night. Even then, the lime coat has to be a diluted one so that it did not cause harm. We have seen trees in private property perish due to the overuse of lime,\" said Kakkar. \"We request the administration to stop this drive and have the paint removed from the trees.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11800643", "title": "Tagore gave his all for education, says researcher", "text": "PANAJI: Tagore was a founder of new education and worked relentlessly for it through Shantiniketan and its international university Vishwabharati, felt Uma Dasgupta, author and researcher.She was delivering her lecture on 'meeting of East and West: Rabindranath Tagore's challenging ideas for world change' at the DD Kosambi Festival of Ideas, under way at Kala Academy, Panaji on February 7.Dasgupta is considered an expert on Tagore having authored 'Rabindranath Tagore: A Biography', and edited 'Rabindranath Tagore: My Life in my words'.Quoting Tagore extensively throughout her lecture, Dasgupta said Tagore termed Shantiniketan the \"guesthouse of India in a tiny corner of West Bengal.\"She said Tagore was intimately connected with his ideal for the country and was an inexhaustible man of action.\"The work Tagore did for education was his life's work,\" she said.Dasgupta felt Tagore's aim in starting Shantiniketan was in getting the East and West to learn from each other.\"Tagore travelled 30 countries in 20 years. He took the message of international co-operation wherever he travelled,\" she said.\"In the West, he was a figure of great curiosity,\" Dasgupta added. He believed in intercultural dialogue, with no domination of one culture over the other, she said.Tagore believed in unity, not uniformity and harmony of caste and community, she added.Listing the three principles followed by Tagore, Dasgupta said \"an abiding spiritual philosophy, rejection of nationalism and founding of education as holistic development,\" were integral to him.His ideas were rejected by nationalists as a poet's whim and a poet's fancy, she said but observed that Gandhi called him the nation's sentinel and a candid friend.Tagore felt that the art of civilisation lay in unity and healing, not killing. He spoke for higher ideals in politics and believed changes in the world could be brought about by changes at the local level, Dasgupta said. Earlier, Hindi film director Saeed Mirza inaugurated the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11801090", "title": "AP industries and finance depts spar over subsidies", "text": "HYDERABAD: With the state budget round the corner, the departments of industries and finance are engaged in a blame game on the issue of subsidies to industrial units. While the industries department says they have not been able to pay subsidies to the industrial units for several years now due to non-allocation of funds by the finance department, the latter is insisting that the former has grossly under-utilised the funds given for the same.While over Rs 400 crore of industrial subsidies is due till last year, another Rs 400 crore is expected to be added by the end of the current financial year on March 31. The subsidies are given in the form of investments and bank loans.With the budgetary allocation under various heads underway, the industries department wants the finance babus to allocate more than the Rs 858 crore that was earmarked for this financial year. Keeping in mind the arrears of the last few years, at least Rs 3,000 crore would be needed in the coming budget, said industry department officials. \"If they give us the money we are asking for, we would be able to clear all the outstanding dues,\" industries commissioner Karikala Valavan told TOI.But, the officials in the finance department argue that the industries department has no case for more allocation and point to the unspent money as reflecting the lax approach of the industries department towards development. \"Let them come back to us after spending the funds they have been allocated. More than 50 percent of the allocated funds are unspent and they are asking for more. This makes no sense,\" said a senior officer in the finance department. However, Pushpa Subramanyam, principal secretary, finance and planning, said that the concerns of the local industries would be addressed but refused to spell out to what extent as the exercise was still on.In fact, the figures for the past four years put the industries department on the defensive. The ratio of actual expenditure to total outlay is dwindling with each passing year. On an average, the industry sector is getting a rather meager allocation of Rs. 638 crore, but the spending is hardly 47 percent of it. The outlay for financial year 2011-12 was Rs. 858 crore whereas the actual expenditure has not even touched Rs. 300 crore till the end of last November.In the year 2010-11 the allocation was Rs 735 crore and the department could spend only Rs. 230 crore. In the year 2009, the allocation was Rs 775 crore and the spending was a mere Rs. 240 crore. For the year 2008-09, the allocation was Rs. 572 crore out of which only Rs. 267 crore was utilised. In all, the expenditure on the industry sector over the total annual budget outlay, which is Rs. 1, 28 542 crore for the current fiscal year, is just over 0.3 percent.\"When you are talking about expenditure, it is the overall spending. The disbursement of industry subsidies is not a targeted one. The bills mount as and when the demand from the industries grows and that is why we are asking for more allocation,\" said Karikala Valavan.Taking note of the seriousness of the issue, Federation of Andhra Pradesh Chambers of Commerce and Industries (FAPhad organised a round table discussion last month. While all the stakeholders, including industrialists, political leaders, and government officials, were invited, the event elicited lukewarm response from the power corridors; no government officials turned up and neither did the political parties except the Lok Satta.\"It was an important discussion prior to the presentation of the state budget, but the indifference shown by the government is discouraging. It's ironical that the local industries are starved of funds. While the success of the recent Partnership Summit is a welcome development, the state government at the same time should not ignore small and medium scale industries,\" said M V Rajeswara Rao, secretary general of FAPCII.Unfazed by the indifference, the industry bodies led by FAPCCI are planning to appeal to the government prior to the budget and Rajeswar Rao said a delegation would meet finance minister Anam Ramanrayana Reddy in a couple of days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11800777", "title": "Nurses determined to fight for better treatment", "text": "KOCHI: The agitation by nurses for better wages and work environment is spreading across the state.While there is no solution in sight to the ongoing strikes in Lakeshore Hospital and MOSC Medical College, Kolencherry, nurses in Amrita Institute of Medical Sciences are set to strike work once again, from February 21.And in 48 other hospitals in the state, managements have started mediatory talks to revise payment scheme to prevent agitation by their nursing staff.Around 1,500 nurses of AIMS will strike work as the management has gone back on its promise to not take disciplinary action against nurses who participated in the strike last month, said Jasmin Shah, president, United Nurses Association.According to the association, 230 nurses lost their jobs after the strike and the burden of extra work has fallen on the remaining staff.Moreover, the management has been issuing experience certificates with a reference to the strike, something that would affect the career of nurses.The association has issued notice to the management of St James Hospital, Chalakkudy saying nurses would strike on February 13. Notice has also been served on Najath Hospital, Aluva where an association member was suspended.Nurses in Baby Memorial Hospital, Kozhikode among others will also go on strike in the near future, say UNA members. Meanwhile, nurses in Lakeshore and MOSC hospitals have intensified their strike as talks with officials of the Labour Department failed. They held a candle-lit march on Tuesday to highlight their demands.The labour commissioner has called a meeting of hospital managements and striking nurses on Thursday to try and arrive at a compromise.The management has asked for two days to reply to its notice, said Vincent Alex, joint labour commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11799935", "title": "Dais collapses, Gadkari unhurt", "text": "VARANASI: Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) president Nitin Gadkari found himself in an awkward situation when the makeshift dais at his election meeting at Raghuvarpur in Mohammadabad assembly area of Ghazipur collapsed on Tuesday afternoon. Though Gadkari was fortunate as he did not suffer any injury, some elderly supporters sitting with him sustained minor bruises.Gadkari reached Raghuvarpur at around 3 pm to address a public meeting in support of party candidate where about a four-feet-high stage was erected for him at around 3 pm. As a large number of supporters climbed the stage to garland him, a portion of the stage where Gadkari was sitting with some elderly party leaders, collapsed.The incident led to a chaos in the crowd. However, the cops present at the scene controlled the situation immediately.Talking to the reporters, Gadkari denied that he had suffered injury. Later, the stage was repaired and Gadkari addressed the gathering.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11801910", "title": "Morphed Lokayukta: Parulekar's bail plea rejected", "text": "BHOPAL: A local court on Tuesday rejected a bail application of Congress MLA Dr Kalpana Parulekar, currently in judicial custody after her arrest on Friday for allegedly doctoring a photograph of Lokayukta Justice PP Naolekar by showing in an RSS uniform.Chief Judicial Magistrate (CJM) R P Sonkar rejected Parulekar's plea saying the case was of serious nature, the Crime Investigation Department (CID) police special prosecutor Shailendra Sirothia told TOI.Before the court turned down Parulekar's bail plea, her counsel Sajid Ali contended that she has been falsely implicated in the case because of political vendetta.Ali argued that jurisdiction of police doesn't extend to the state assembly premises where the incident of alleged morphed photograph was reported. \"Assembly speaker is the only the competent authority to order probe into any incident taking place on the premises and thereafter can refer it to any agency, if he felt so. \"In this particular case, the speaker's power had been encroached upon,\" he added.Parulekar's counsel submitted that Parulekar is a people's representative and someone gave her the photograph which she showed.However, the prosecution argued before the court that the legislator was arrested for \"morphing\" the photograph of the Lokayukta. \"Proper evidence has surfaced during the ongoing investigation,\" he said, adding the CID has acted impartially.Sirothia argued that the speaker jurisdiction is limited to the House. Sirothia contended that MLA, who is a law graduate just can't wave any photograph given to her by someone whom she doesn't know.She was arrested on Friday from Mahidpur in Ujjain district and produced before a Judicial Magistrate First Class (JMFC) here from where she was sent to the judicial custody till February 17.The Congress leader has been charged under IPC sections 471 (using forged document as genuine), 473 (making or possessing counterfeit seal etc), 473 (counterfeiting device or mark used for authenticating documents) and 469 (forgery for the purpose of harming reputation). Cyber crimes under section 66A (using computers for sending offensive messages) and under 66C (punishment for identity theft) under the Information Technology Amendment Act (ITAA 2008) have also been slapped on the MLA.The Congress has been accusing the BJP government of vendetta alleging that the arrest was aimed at 'silencing' the opposition before the assembly's budget session beginning on February 21.The issue of 'morphed' Lokayukta photo had cropped up during the winter session of the assembly last year when Parulekar accused the anti-corruption ombudsman of having RSS links. She flashed a photograph that showed him in an RSS uniform, both inside and outside the assembly, alleging that the BJP government did not have to worry as long as Justice Naoelkar was the Lokayukta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11800386", "title": "Family reunites but baby near yet so far", "text": "NEW DELHI: The baby saga finally had a silver lining - a family reunion amid testing times.Even as the toddler battles for life in hospital, her mother Munni Khatoon was reunited with her three-year-old daughter Sanobar after seven agonizing months. The family portrait was nearly complete except that Munni's five-year-old son is still missing. And she is yet to get permission to meet her battered baby at AIIMS, just kilometres away from the Hari Nagar women's home where she is staying. Finally, 22-year-old Munni's tumultuous journey from an obscure village in Muzaffarpur to the hurly burly of the capital to be sold off as a bride in Rajasthan seems to have ended.On Tuesday, she was given custody of the second child by the child welfare committee. She had earlier identified Sanobar through a MMS sent to her by a police team camping at Muzzafarpur.The developments came on a day the special cell nabbed two more people involved in the inter-state prostitution ring and the home ministry called it one of the biggest human trafficking rackets in the country.Sanobar was tracked down in Muzaffarpur, just 24 hours after investigators managed to locate Munni in Rajasthan. While two pimps who sold her off as a virgin bride to a man at Jhunjhunu - Kanta Chaudhry and Laxmi - have been arrested, the police are yet to nab the third accused Saroj. Police have also launched massive raids across four states to track down Munni's missing son.\"We have questioned Laxmi. She told us they had convinced Munni to leave Sanobar with Laxmi's daughter and relatives at Muzaffarpur before she came to Delhi. We, however, did not find Sanobar with them. Instead, we traced her at the residence of an electrician, who was a neighbour of the accused. The electrician is on the run and we are questioning his family members,\" said Chhaya Sharma, DCP (south).Munni has approached the Child Welfare Committee, seeking custody of the battered baby. DNA tests are being conducted to prove the authenticity of her claim that she's the biological mother.For now, Munni has been given custody of Sanobar. She has not visited her baby in hospital yet. Munni broke down when told about her child's condition. \"Doctors have not allowed her to be at her baby's side as they fear she can contract infection. Once the doctors give the green signal, we will arrange a meeting,'' said the police officer.On Tuesday, as the media waited outside the CWC office and police rushed to protect them from being photographed, Sanobar clung onto her mother, breaking into occasional smiles. The elder daughter's medical check up at Safdarjung Hospital showed she was keeping well.Meanwhile, the baby has shown no signs of improvement. \"She is critical, but stable. She is not able to breathe on her own and that's why she needs ventilatory support,\" Dr Deepak Agarwal, neurosurgeon with the hospital, said.The infection in her blood is being monitored. \"We are conducting blood culture on a daily basis to see the level of infection in her body. Once the reports come negative, we can be assured that she is responding to treatment,\" Agarwal said. He said the baby will have to live with tracheotomy for sometime now.Police sources said two more persons were arrested in the inter-state sex racket - Rana and Rahul. They had pushed the 14-year-old girl who first brought the baby to AIIMS into flesh trade. While Rana is the husband of accused Aarti, the other is a driver and associate of Rahul. \"We are questioning the two. We have got two days of police remand. We believe the duo kept the 14-year-old girl at Dwarka where they physically abused her,'' said an investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "11799943", "title": "Scrap China delegation visit: Centre to Gujarat", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The Government of India has asked the Gujarat government to immediately cancel the proposed visit of a high-level Chinese delegation, scheduled some time in the middle of March.An internal note of the Gujarat government's resident commissioner in New Delhi has quoted officials in the Union ministry of external affairs (MEA) as saying that the seven-person delegation - which was planning to meet chief minister Narendra Modi - was to be led by vice-governor of China's Zhejiang province Chen Jiayuan. The visit has the full backing China's top external affairs policy-making body, International Department of the Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party.The note quotes joint secretary, MEA, Gautam Bambwale, as saying that Zhejiang is the \"same province where two Indian businessmen were not allowed to leave the hotel and our mission officials had to face a very difficult situation in facilitating the release and safe exit of these businessmen.\"It added, \"At the time of crisis, initial help from the provincial government was far from satisfactory.\" Hence, the delegation from the province should not visit India \"as of now\". The note suggests that the Gujarat government should not send a formal invitation, as the MEA is \"peeved at the handling of the situation by the local authorities.\"The development follows an email from Shen Beili, director-general, International Department, Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party , asking the state government to give details of the itinerary of the delegation.The Chinese communication said that the delegation would pay a \"courtesy visit\" to Modi, who visited China in November 2011, receiving the treatment befitting the head of an independent country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11804718", "title": "MUK: A touch of Hollywood", "text": "Cameraman Shakthi and director Elred Kumar tell CT why they think MUK will click with the audienceWhen cinematographer Shakthi signed up to do Muppozhudhum Un Karpanaigal (MUK), one of the major driving forces was its script. \"After Renigunta, I wanted a nice script to experiment with, and that's when I was approached for MUK. It's a romantic thriller, and gave me a lot of scope to try out new techniques,\" he says.He continues, \"I did a lot of homework for some of the scenes. For instance, I worked out the shot where Atharvaa falls on the bed next to Amala two days in advance before we shot it.\" The fact that the film is being produced and directed by Elred Kumar, who has earlier produced several hit films, was an added bonus, he says. \"Kumar gave me full freedom to choose the frame, the shot and the lighting, and even got me high-end cameras. He wanted a classy product that he could showcase to the audience,\" he adds.The film has seen the use of some high-end equipment. Shakthi says, \"We shot a fight sequence using the 1200 lens, and shot on the chopper for five whole days. We hired the panavision camera, which is usually used only in Hollywood and few Bollywood movies, and lights from the Hollywood Studio in LA, only because the script demanded it.\"Shakthi asserts that the film will also be noted for the locations in which it has been shot. \"It's probably the first time that a Tamil film has been shot in the Grand Canyon. We got special permission to shoot there and the officials had blocked the roads and restricted the tourists on the days we were shooting. We also shot at the Caesars Palace in Las Vegas, a first for a Tamil film,\" he claims.Director Kumar signs off, saying, \"The songs and trailers have been received well, and the censor has also cleared MUK with a clean 'U' certificate. The audience can look forward to a visual treat on February 17, when the film hits screens.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11805061", "title": "Sivakarthikeyan is a man of his word", "text": "Even as his debut flick has opened to mixed reviews at the BO, Sivakarthikeyan is busy signing up more projects in Kollywood.He says, \"I'm doing a film with Atlee, who assisted Shankar in Nanban and Endhiran. Actually, even before I signed up my film with Pandiraj, Aishwaryaa Dhanush's 3 and Ezhil's Manam Kothi Paravai, I had committed to Atlee's film. It's an urban romantic comedy and goes with my nature and style. It's a promise made two years ago, and it will materialize soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11801373", "title": "Madhavan Nair, blacklisted ISRO colleagues got away lightly?", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government feels top space scientist Madhavan Nair and his former ISRO colleagues blacklisted for \"irregularities\" in the deal to give private firm Devas access to spectrum have got away lightly as the agreement had serious financial implications.Although the B K Chaturvedi-Roddam Narsimha committee has said allegations of S band spectrum being given cheaply are unsubstantiated, the returns to the Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO) are seen to be paltry in comparison to projected revenues to Devas.Official sources said that even if Devas would have needed to pay for licence, the likely revenues over a 20-year lease period could be about Rs 40,000 crore. In contrast, ISRO was to pay for manufacturing and launch of two satellites and run the risk of delays or failures.The negotiations with a firm connected to a former ISRO personnel also smacks of collusion and would have been probed if the government had accepted a harsher recommendation for an investigation of financial interests. A panel, headed by former Central Vigilance Commissioner Pratyush Sinha, has called for such an investigation.The government feels contents of the Chaturvedi and Sinha committees throw sufficient light on the Devas deal to justify its action in banning four scientists and should convince the scientific community that the agreement was flawed and also concluded in a secretive manner.It is felt that as head of the Department of Space Antrix Corporation, ISRO and Space Commission Nair kept away details of the Devas deal from higher-ups in government. The two reports cap the responsibility at the level of ISRO brass as they categorically say that the Cabinet and Space Commission did not know of the deal.The reports suggest members of the Space Commission like Cabinet Secretary, principal secretary to PM and minister of state in PMO did not know of the deal before Cabinet approval, although it has been claimed that Devas was in touch with some of them later in a bid to rescue the deal.MoS in PMO V Narayanasamy has challenged Nair's claim that he was not heard by the Sinha committee and this has led to the former ISRO chairperson clarifying that he was only given a perfunctory hearing. Narayanasamy has also denied having said that the action against Nair and others would be a lesson for scientists.The episode, despite the government's clarifications, has stirred a fresh controversy with Nair alleging a witch-hunt and opposition demanding to know if senior officials in PMO like former principal secretary T K Nair were being shielded.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh himself is believed to have supported the least punitive measures against the scientists as he did not want to demoralize the scientific community, said sources. The disciplinary action had been taken with considerable reluctance and in the face of a barrage of inquiries about whether the government will hold anyone responsible for the controversial deal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11801181", "title": "Youth no more want hollow promises", "text": "KANPUR: Youth no more want hollow promises. They want development, employment and empowerment. \"So, we would select the right candidate who could provide more opportunities and deliver results,\" is the opinion of the majority of the youth surveyed by a city-based mass-communication institute.More than 70% of the youths who were surveyed said the \"right to recall\" a public representative would go a long way in inculcating a sense of responsibility among them. Also, majority of the youths was vocal that politicians neither have any agenda nor any vision for development. They have only one vision -- to win the election, grab power and create wealth at the cost of the public.Almost 100% voiced opinion against tainted candidates having criminal background. The youths clearly said that \"before election, every party condemns entry of criminals in politics, but at the time of distribution of tickets, they gleefully declare them as their party candidate\". One youth pointed out that over a 100 tainted candidates fielded by different political parties would try their luck in the second round of UP polls.Rajeev Pathak, a youth from South City, said if politicians had followed the concept of democracy honestly, then the country would have been among the great world economic powers. Om Prakash, a young teacher, opined that every politician knew how to make false promises and how to befool public by juicy pledges. Duleep Kumar and Arvind Shukla, both post-graduate students, said that there was a need to create awareness among the politicians that time for making hollow promises was over and delivering results was a must. \"Now public want work and result,\" he added.Mohd Ayub said if a problem persists in any constituency where a particular person was winning in successive elections, then he must be held responsible for neglecting the people who had sent him to the legislature. For such situation, right to recall would be a perfect tool.Kailash Agarwal, a resident of Kidwai Nagar, said: \"It is very strange that not a single political party is serious about removing corruption. Instead of talking about development, they were busy wooing various communities.\" He suggested rejecting the liars, power hungry and party-hopping candidates.A group of degree college students commented that politicians had spread casteism and were asking and calculating votes on cast basis. But they would vote for only those candidates, who are young, uncontroversial and honest. Vandana, who will vote for the first time, raised her voice against political leaders who played divisive politics. She commented that before election, they play with the sentiments of voters, but later shake hands. The ultimate sufferer is the voter as he found himself to be cheated. So young voter would teach them a lesson this time, she claimed.UP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11798876", "title": "Ahmedabad's dog sterilization drive to finally kick off", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After a prolonged wait for agencies showing interest in the city's dog sterilization drive, the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) finally got offers from four organizations for the project. The standing committee of the AMC has agreed to offer the job of sterilizing the 2.5 lakh dogs of the city, which was recently counted in a census by an animal welfare board of India approved body.The four organizations that have offered to do the job include Animal Help Foundation, Peoples For Animals, Ahmedabad, Animal Rights Fund from Bangalore and Animal Protection Club from Maharashtra. \"The four organizations have been assigned the work for the entire city as we wanted to eliminate any allegations that the AMC has been partial towards few. We have a MoU with AWBI which will be monitoring the process,\" says a senior official of the AMC.In the 2010 dog census, it came to be known that there are more than 2.5 lakh stray dogs in the city. This meant that in every square kilometer in the city has around 500 dogs, which further calculates down to a dog every 25 meters in the city.The AWBI will shell out half the costs of the total expenditure that will be incurred during the steralization process. \"The AWBI has approved a rate of Rs 445 per dog for sterilization. All the four agencies are being offered the same rate so that there is no dispute,\" says deputy municipal commissioner Dilip Gor.AMC to dispose garbage of Detroit of eastDisposing off tones of garbage out of Gujarat's Detroit-Sanand town will now be the responsibility of the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC). Under a special JnNURM fund meant for satellite towns, the AMC will procure garbage disposal vans and trucks for Sanand town soon. The garbage dumps will be integrated into the garbage disposal network of the AMC. Recently JnNURM had sanctioned Rs 100 crore worth of projects for civic lines-drainage and storm water drains for Sanand town. A number of residential schemes too are coming up in the vicinity which has led the urban development department take notice of the civic needs of the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11798789", "title": "This RAW will help Gujarat Inc", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Its name sake gathers foreign intelligence for the Indian government and this one will do the same for the Gujarat Inc. Gujarat Chamber Of Commerce &amp; Industry has started its own Research and Analysis Wing (RAW) to gather business intelligence. The wing will prepare reports on various business sectors in the state and undertake studies to give voice to the issues of traders and businessman here.GCCI's RAW has already started getting international attention as the wing has been approached by a German and Italian business agencies for doing a study in Gujarat. \"A German company has commissioned us a study for finding its prospective customer base in Gujarat. An Italian agro sector delegation is also in talks for commissioning a study on business prospects,\" said Mahendra Patel, president GCCI.GCCI officials said that with lot of cross-pollinations for business tie-ups between Gujarat companies and Japan, China and other countries taking place, RAW will play a major role. The agency has already prepared a report on 'sustainability of small Industry in current scenario'. \"Our focus will be to prepare detailed research reports on taxation and other issues faced by Gujarat industries wherein we will analyze the sops and benefits given to traders in other states and need for the same here. We will also bring out research reports on various sectors especially where small scale traders find difficult to tap international trends,\" said Jayendra Tanna, chairman, GCCI, VAT Task Force for Reforms.GCCI has recruited a management professor, chartered accountants and MBA graduates for RAW. GCCI is in talks with GTU to help streamline polytechnic courses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11801466", "title": "1,400 cases against protesters to be withdrawn", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government on Tuesday decided to withdraw about 1,400 cases registered against various protesters involved in the Telangana agitation. A decision to this effect was taken at a meeting chaired by CM Kiran Kumar Reddy and attended by chief secretary Pankaj Dwivedi, DGP V Dinesh Reddy and the law secretary.According to sources, the chief minister told the DGP that all these cases should be withdrawn before the commencement of the budget session of the state assembly on February 13. However, it was made clear that these cases pertain to the period from the beginning of the Telangana agitation in November 2009 till December 2010, the day when Kiran Kumar made the announcement of lifting the cases days after he took over as chief minister. The announcement was made after a delegation of Telangana leaders called on him.Police sources said the cases registered against various protesters since December 2010 that includes the recent rail rokos and sakala janula samme, are still under review. In fact, there are very few criminal cases that were registered before December 2010 while the number of such cases that were registered as late as 2011 October including the rail rokos. \"It will not be that easy to lift the criminal cases,\" the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11800694", "title": "Man stabbed to death in the city", "text": "KOCHI: A person was stabbed to death in the city on Tuesday evening. The deceased was identified as Gopi, 46, of Varapuzha. The incident occurred near a bar situated near the Kerala high court.Police have arrested the 59-year-old accused. He is known as Malliakkal Johny. According to the police, the incident occurred when Gopi was passing by the bar.Malliakkal Johny, who was in an inebriated condition, picked up a quarrel with Gopi over a petty issue. As their verbal duel intensified, Johny picked up a knife which he was reportedly carrying and allegedly stabbed Gopi on his chest.Police said that the wound was so severe that Gopi collapsed on the spot and died there. He was immediately shifted to Government General Hospital where he was declared brought dead.According to police, Gopi was enquiring about a road to Johny. \"We immediately arrested the person from the spot. The body was shifted for post-mortem,\" police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11800543", "title": "High-flying bag lifter nabbed", "text": "KOLKATA: A member of a high-flying baggage lifting gang that operates at airports across the country was nabbed at Kolkata airport on Tuesday morning when he was trying to flee with a passenger's laptop.The CISF also sounded an alert to catch another gang member who managed to give them the slip.It was around 10.30am that Prasenjit Nag landed at Kolkata airport in Air India flight AI 788 from Port Blair. Nag had gone on a vacation to the Andamans with his wife, brother-in-law Sudip Sarkar and his wife and daughter Shreya. While Sarkar's wife, who suffers from arthritis , proceeded to the arrival lounge to sit in a chair, the others proceeded to conveyor Belt No. 2 to collect their luggage.Shreya, a college student, got hold of a baggage trolley. Placing his laptop bag on the trolley basket, Sarkar handed the trolley to Nag and wedged his way between co-passengers at the belt to scan the bags.Moments later, he was startled by Shreya's scream: \"Thief! Thief! Call the police.\" Turning around, he saw Shreya grabbing the arm of a middle-aged man who was struggling to wriggle out. He did manage to wrench himself free and tried to flee, but was caught by two CISF jawans.\"A little while earlier, another man was trying to push off with the trolley and the laptop. At the time, we thought he was unmindfully trying to grab the trolley. Later, when I screamed, the man jumped to his defence and asked what the fuss was about if his hand had simply brushed the bag. But as soon as the securitymen arrived, the other fled,\" said Shreya.The CISF jawans recognized the culprit as soon as they caught him. They saw his photograph in the rogue's gallery. Usha Kant Janardhan Saraveli's passport photograph had been on display since July 2010 when he and two others-Dwarkesh Kurba and Syyed Sher-had been nabbed at Kolkata airport while trying to steal valuables from unmindful passengers.Following interrogation, Sarveli spilled the beans. He and another accomplice had arrived by the Air India flight from Mumbai and planned to make a killing at the airport. If they didn't land enough luck on Wednesday, they would hang around in the city for a couple of days, booking and cancelling tickets daily to facilitate their entry into the airport.\"When Sarveli realized that his game was up, he passed on his wallet and cellphone to the accomplice. In the CCTV footage, we could spot the latter rushed off towards the departure lounge. But we haven't been able to track him down thereafter,\" a CISF officer said. Sarveli was arrested after Nag lodged a complaint with the NSCBI police station.A year and a half ago, CISF had caught the trio. A jawan had seen him the day earlier as well. On reviewing the CCTV footage, they found that the suspect, along with two others, had visited the airport the previous day as well as the day earlier.\"Their modus operandi is simple. They generally carry empty laptop bags to the airport, sit next to passengers with similar laptop bags and wait for an opportunity to switch them before making a getaway. The men are sharp observers. By observing the behaviour of a passenger, they can make out whether there is something valuable in the luggage or not. If a person places his hand on the bag time and again to check if it is all right or glances at a bag too often during a conversation with another, there are high probabilities of the bag containing valuables ,\" an officer explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11801578", "title": "DK schools to have napkin incinerator", "text": "MANGALORE: Dakshina Kannada district unit of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyana (SSA), which has become a role model for Karnataka by taking up initiatives to distribute sanitary napkins to girls in standard 7 and 8, has now come up with a novel idea of fixing incinerators in girls' toilets to burn used napkins in all schools.Incinerator attached to the toilets will not only help reduce the stress of girls in their puberty stage, but also will be of use for them to dispose of used napkins safely every time they change it. The move will also help girls attend classes even during their menstruation cycle, thereby ensuring their attendance does not take a hit.One such burner unit has been introduced at Dakshina Kannada Zilla Panchayat Higher Primary School, Karnodi in Laila gram panchayat on an experimental basis. Success of this prompted SSA authorities to introduce such user-friendly burners to all schools in the district.SSA assistant project co-ordinator K Peethambara told TOI that girls need not fret, but just drop the used napkins to the brick chamber of the incinerator through its ventilator inside the toilet.\"The move is aimed at increasing awareness on cleanliness during periods among girls, especially in rural areas,\" he said.The incinerator unit comprises a brick chamber and a firewood kiln behind the toilet. The metal mesh inside the brick chamber, which holds the dropped napkins, is heated by burning firewood inside the kiln. The napkin dropped into the unit is burnt safely. A pipe fixed to the chamber releases smoke to the air, Peethambara said.\"We had plans of installing electric burner units for girls' toilets in all schools. However, due to technical reasons, we have decided to introduce kiln model. Electric burners will be introduced in the next phase,\" he said and added that each unit will cost around Rs 25,000.SSA will provide toilets with incinerator in five schools at Talitanooji in Bantwal taluk, Sulkerimogeru, Perabaipadi in Belthangady, Kasba Bengre and Bolar in Mangalore taluk in the initial stage.Fifty one high schools will get similar toilets under the Nabard scheme.Peethambara said the SSA has plans to provide toilets with incinerators in 220 schools having standard 8 in the district in 2012-13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11801010", "title": "City fights hunger with food bank, to start next month", "text": "GURGAON: Gurgaon has taken a small step towards eradicating hunger with a full-scale food bank being set up by non-governmental organizations.A food bank operates on a simple no-profit, no-loss principle. Food items that are not good enough to sell in the market, but hygienically and legally are fit to consume and distribute, are donated by manufacturers to storage houses called food banks. And then, these products are distributed free of charge to the needy by the ground staff and NGOs. The city's food bank is being run by the DLF Foundation along with the India Food Banking Network. \"We have a storage house near Cyber City and we are having the trials now. This will officially begin next month,\" said Vijay Singh, associate director, DLF Foundation.He said that the food acquired by the bank would be distributed to the underprivileged in the whole of the NCR. \"We have provided storage space to the food banking network, who will be working on the ground,\" he added. Anil Prakash of India Food Banking Network said the big names in food and beverage manufacturing were expected to become regular donors to the food bank in Gurgaon. \"We are in talks with the companies to know the quantum and frequency of the donation,\" said Prakash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11801485", "title": "Con men cheat woman of ornaments", "text": "CHENNAI: Two youths cheated a 74-year-old woman of 10 sovereigns of gold jewellery in T Nagar on Monday. The jewels are valued at Rs 2 lakh.Police said Nagalakshmi was walking on Burkit Road in T Nagar on Monday when a youth told her that another person was calling her.He warned her that the other person was a notorious rowdy and that it would be better if she removed her ornaments and kept them in a bag. She did as directed.When she reached home and opened the bag, the ornaments were missing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11801020", "title": "Man stabbed to death over drug share", "text": "CHANDIGARH: An argument over sharing of drugs amongst addicts resulted in a 47-year-old man being stabbed to death by two of his accomplices on late Monday night.The two accused have been arrested and booked under various sections of the IPC.The deceased, Shammi Kumar, was a resident of Sector 24. The accused have been identified as Rajesh, 37, a resident of Sector 25 and Sonu, 22, a resident of Dadumajra colony.\"Shammi was stabbed four times in his stomach and thighs in an open ground in Sector 25. We have also recovered the weapon used for the murder from the accused,\" said a police official.Police sources said that Shammi was a criminal and many cases of petty crimes had been registered against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11800713", "title": "120 dogs found crammed in three rooms at PCMC pound", "text": "PUNE: A team of Animal Welfare Board officers and volunteers from People for Animals found more than 120 dogs kept in three small rooms at the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation's dog pound at Nehrunagar, during a raid on Monday. They also found that no food or water was provided to the dogs and the place was stinking of urine and faeces.Manoj Oswal, an officer from the board, said, \"We are compiling the information to make the case foolproof. A first information report (FIR) will be lodged (against the pound) after consultation with the board's head office to ensure strong action.''Jitesh Jotwani, a volunteer of People for Animals who was part of the raid team, said that the dogs were living in hot conditions and there were no food or water bowls to indicate that the animals were being fed.\"Many dogs had skin diseases and were still kept with other dogs. Dogs that had been operated on were kept with unoperated ones. We took the three most critical ones to the Jeev Raksha animal shelter for treatment, but one died before the transfer could be carried out. The dog may have died due to lack of space,\" he said.Swati Rawat, another volunteer from the organisation, said that no record was found of the operations carried out on the animals. The only record found was a register that had information of expenses for medicines. \"This is a repeat of the raid four years ago and nothing has changed. There was no cooking area. Only a few dogs were found sterilised. The rooms were not clean and were stinking of urine. It appeared as though these dogs weren't picked up in just a day, but had been there for many days. Why were they not released after sterilisation?\" she said.Despite several attempts to contact him, Satish Gore, veterinary officer, PCMC, was not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11804524", "title": "UP election: Rain spoils the show on first day of UP assembly polls", "text": "LUCKNOW: Rain played spoilsport during polling for the first phase of Uttar Pradesh assembly elections as only 5.17 per cent of the over 1.70 lakh electorate exercised their franchise in the first two hours.\"Polling started at 7am and in the first two hours 5.17 per cent polling was registered in 55 assembly seats spread over 10 districts,\" chief electoral officer Umesh Sinha said.He said the percentage was low due to heavy rains in certain areas where polling was being held on Wednesday.In Basni assembly seat in Siddharth Nagar district, not a single vote was cast in the first two hours of polling due to heavy rains, official sources said.While Sitapur registered 5.1 per cent polling in the first two hours, people boycotted polling in Gularia village in Misrikh assembly seat to protest lack of development works.Minimum vote percentage 3.5 per cent was registered in Faizabad district, followed by 4 per cent in Bahraich.Maximum 16 per cent till 10 AM was recorded in Barabanki district followed by 10 per cent in Gonda.Polling is being held in 10 districts -- Sitapur, Barabanki, Faizabad, Ambedkar Nagar, Bahraich, Shravasti, Balrampur, Gonda, Siddharth Nagar and Basti amidst tight security arrangements, CEO Umesh Sinha said.More than 1.70 lakh electorates - 952.87 lakh male and 70.44 lakh female - are expected to seal the fate of 862 candidates.The candidates include 796 men, 65 women and one eunuch. Maximum 26 candidates are in fray for Barabanki seat, whereas Mehmoodabad has minimum number of 8 candidates.Stakes are high for ruling BSP, Congress, SP and the BJP in the no holds barred fight for the 403 assembly seats.Wednesday's polling would decide the future of cabinet minister Lalji Verma, minister of state Sangram Singh Verma, 31 sitting MLAs, 15 former ministers and relatives of several MPs including Union steel minister Beni Prasad Verma.It would be a litmus test for Congress leaders, including Beni Prasad Verma and National Commission for Scheduled Caste Chairman P L Punia as both of them represent the areas going to the polls.Gonda MP Beni's prestige would be at stake not only in seven assembly constituencies of his parliamentary area but also in Barabanki with his son Rakesh Verma contesting from Dariyabad seat there.Barabanki MP, P L Punia's dalit card and influence in the area would also be under keen observation in six constituencies of his area.Both Verma, known for his say in Kurmi vote bank and Punia, dalit face of Congress would have the herculean task of ensuring maximum number of seats for the Congress, which had secured only three of the 55 seats in 2007 assembly polls.Assembly elections 2012 newsUP elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11799895", "title": "Class I student, labourer die in accidents", "text": "VARANASI: A boy and a labourer died and two others, including a policeman, suffered injuries in three road accidents on Tuesday.Sunny Maurya (6), a class I student, residing in Sarai Sheikh Laad, under the jurisdiction of Cholapur police, was crushed to death by a speeding vehicle of a candidate of a political party in Saraiyya Bazaar. The driver fled from the scene while the boy died on the spot. The accident took place when he had gone to the market with his mother to take his photograph for fixing on a form.In another accident at Chawkaghat, a labourer identified as Bholanath (32) of Chaubeypur died while another labourer Ganesh Prasad (40) of Bhelupur sustained serious injuries when a speeding tanker hit their bicycles. Bholanath died on the spot while Ganesh was rushed to SPG Hospital with severe injuries. The driver managed to escape with the tanker.Ramsamujh Singh, gunner of chief judicial magistrate and a resident of Naibasti Hukulganj, sustained serious injuries when a speeding van hit his motorcycle near Chawkaghat. He was admitted to SPG Hospital in a critical condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11803619", "title": "Milkha Singh will not sing!", "text": "Filmmaker Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra has decided to do away with the tradition of his characters expressing their emotions through songs. He feels it interrupts the flow of the story.Mehra told Mumbai Mirror, \"When my characters sing, the narration is interrupted. Unless it's a song like Genda phool in Delhi 6, which belongs to the inherent cultural situation of the characters. I've watched my mother and aunts sing as they make papad and pickles on the terrace. But otherwise, sorry, songs to me are an aural experience.\"Apparently, Mehra has conveyed his no-lip-sync decision to Farhan Akhtar , who was keen to bring a musical element for Milkha Singh's character in the film Bhaag Milkha Bhaag.Mehra is a music-lover, having grown up listening to Lata Mangeshkar and Mohd. Rafi. He understands that song and dance sequences are integral to our culture and cinema but unfortunately, they don't work with his style of filmmaking.Mehra has been experimenting with songs in his previous films like Delhi 6 and Rang De Basanti (RDB).Mehra said, \"In Rang De Basanti, there was plenty of singing. But no character lip-synced. In Delhi 6, I filmed a male number Masakali on Sonam Kapoor. But now, Milkha onwards, no singing for my characters.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11800584", "title": "Say no to strikes, Purnendu tells govt staff", "text": "KOLKATA: Labour minister Purnendu Bose on Tuesday appealed to the state government employees not to participate in the nationwide strike called by the All India State Government Employees' Federation on February 28.Referring to the West Bengal Service Rules, the minister said, \"We are not issuing any warning to the employees. We are just humbly requesting them not to participate in the strike.We are asking the employees to know their rights and duties and act accordingly.\"Reading out the West Bengal Service Rules, the minister said that organizations working with departments rendering essential services like hospitals, water supply and fire service have to submit a notice to the government a month in advance before going on strike. For other departments, the rules require a minimum of 14 days notice prior to the strike.The minister added that on receiving the notice, state government officers will talk to the organizations who have called the strike to solve the problem. If the talks fail, the matter could be referred to the board of arbitratorsto solve the dispute.If required, the government can also issue an order prohibiting the strike.However, till now, the state government employees' federations are firm in their stand to go on strike on their six-point charter of demands, including cancellation of pension privatization bill, proper wages and salaries for all permanent and contract labourers, fixing Rs 10,000 as the minimum wage, filling up all vacant posts in the central and state government departments and making registration of trade unions compulsory within 45 days of formation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11802653", "title": "Firemen get mobikes to reach congested places", "text": "NAGPUR: Forget huge fire tenders and tankers, Nagpur's firemen will begin negotiating through the congested by-lanes of the city on motorbikes to fight fires. Growing traffic congestion in city has often been blamed for firemen reaching late, especially during daytime. In the past, their big fire tenders also could not enter congested lanes to douse fire.Now, NMC's fire and emergency services has procured four two-wheelers to overcome the problem. The especially designed Royal Enfield bikes will be equipped with Compressed Air Foam (CAF) units to fight fire in slum areas, at transformers and vehicle fires. The CAF unit will be mounted on a red motorcycle that will have sirens similar to those fixed on fire tenders. A fireman rider along with pillion will rush to the spot once a call is received. Both will be dressed in his firefighting gear.\"The CAF has a capacity of 10 litres water and can be used to extinguish minor fires. At present, even in case of minor fires, we have to dispatch a big fire tender that carries 4,500 litres of water,\" said chief fire officer N A Khan. Foam can also be used along with water, especially in case of oil fire, pointed out Khan. The CAF unit can store 750 ml of foam along with water. The civic body has bought the four motorcycles with the equipment for Rs 6,75,101.The CFO said that for the present the bikes will be at Civil Lines fire station. Later they will be kept at fire stations near congested localities like Itwari, Mahal, Pachpaoli etc.\"We have tested them,\" he claimed. He further said that these motorcycles were a success in fire services in many cities including New Delhi, Pune and Karnataka. Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal will dedicate the four motorcycles to Nagpur city on January 26 and later the department will start using them.The two-wheeler advantage* Fast response* Small quantity of water needed* Minimum manpower required* Can reach narrow lanes", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-08"}
