{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12696317", "title": "Builders have to pay property tax for 3 yrs in advance", "text": "MUMBAI: Developers will henceforth have to pay property tax for three years in advance at the time of issue of the commencement certificate, said Bhaskar Jadhav, minister of state for urban development. In case the building construction is not completed within three years, the developer will have to pay for another three years.Jadhav was replying to a calling attention motion in the legislative assembly on Monday. Opposition leader Eknath Khadse, who raised the issue, informed the House that the BMC had issued notices for payment of property tax to 3.22 lakh flat owners across the city.\"The property tax dues are of the period prior to the registration of the flat in the name of the buyer. It is for the builder to pay the property tax and not the flat owners,'' said Khadse.Jadhav said that at the time of issuing the occupation certificate, officials do not verify if all the civic dues have been paid by the builder. A few years later, they issue notices to the residents demanding the payment along with interest.Opposition legislators demanded that the notices be stayed. Jadhav said it could be done in the more recent cases but it would be difficult to do so in older cases. \"The government will formulate a policy for the same. In the recent cases where occupation certificate has been issued and the dues have not been paid by the developer, the certificate will be stayed,'' the minister said.However, the legislators were not satisfied and demanded that more stringent action be taken against builders who often collect the property tax dues from buyers, but do not pay up. Khadse said developers, including agencies such as the MMRDA, Mhada, SRA and other private developers, together owed the civic body Rs 10,000 crore in property tax dues. Jadhav then said that developers would have to pay in advance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12696597", "title": "'Chalivendrams' in city hit by water shortage", "text": "HYDERABAD: The acute water shortage which has hit the city this summer seems to be troubling the summer water kiosks (chalivendrams) too.The numbers of water camps, which provide much relief to commuters and passers-by, have dwindled this year due to shortage of drinking water. Many of these water camps are launched by corporators and inaugurated by ministers and depend on the drinking water supplied by the Hyderabad Water Board through tankers. However, this time the water board is unable to supply the tankers due to acute drinking water shortage. As a result, many of the water camps have been abandoned.These camps used to provide much needed relief to commuters and passers-by on arterial roads of the city, especially during peak summer time when the temperature used to hover in the mid-forties.Interestingly, none of the organisers have taken permission from Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) before setting up the water camps. Among the many camps that were opened in the first week of April, many are lying abandoned. Camps at Kukatpally, S R Nagar, Ameerpet, Punjagutta, Begumpet, Khairatabad, Himayathnagar and Nallakunta seem to be out of service.Last year, there was such no problem as the water levels in the reservoirs were satisfactory. \"We were able to organize the summer camps without any hitch last year,\" said a summer camp organizer at Khairatabad. Thanks to some NGOs, parched citizens can still find cool drinking water on the roadsides. \"We pay money to the private tankers and get the water,\" an NGO summer camp organizer in Erragadda said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12697533", "title": "Expectant mothers fleeced till saviour used Right to Information", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For the past three years, private nursing homes and even government health centres were fleecing expectant mothers and midwives in Patdi taluka by charging a fee. They were assured that they are being attended to under Chiranjeevi Yojana and Janani Suraksha Yojana, where the government bears the expenses of a child delivery and even pays the mother for giving birth to a healthy baby. But instead of paying their patients, the errant health practitioners were charging them.This practice lasted till Padma Sadhu, an RTI activist of Patdi town in Surendranagar district, stepped in. Between 2010-11, Sadhu had helped many pregnant mothers file RTIs to help get them their dues under Chiranjeevi Yojana and Janani Suraksha Yojana.\"In mid-2010, a young mother from Ambuda village had called up complaining that a private clinic registered under Chiranjeevi Yojana had charged her Rs 1,300. That very moment, I filed an RTI application with the health department in Surendranagar to know the number of women whose deliveries were conducted and the private doctors who had claimed fees from the government. This errant doctor had raised a bill with the state health department for the woman's delivery. We immediately lodged a complaint. The government then instituted an enquiry into all the deliveries that the doctor had conducted in the taluka,\" Sadhu says.In another instance in Jhinjhuwada village, a midwife had approached Sadhu complaining that she had conducted 3,000 deliveries but the local public health centre officials were insisting that since she was registered with the public health centre (PHC), the deliveries that she had helped in, would be counted as that of PHC. \"This way the midwife was being denied her rightful payment. She had to be paid Rs 25 per delivery conducted in various villages. We filed an RTI with the PHC and the health officers came upfront and paid the midwife her due. The RTI also helped other midwives get their due payments,\" Sadhu says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12698073", "title": "Centre should plug holes on Nepal border: Nitish Kumar", "text": "PATNA: The Centre should create a bridge of trust with the states to address the problems related to internal security in the country, chief minister Nitish Kumar said on Monday.Speaking at the meeting of CMs in New Delhi on internal security, Nitish reiterated his demand for increasing the strength of Central armed forces in Bihar. He also reminded the Centre of the request made to Union home ministry for providing bulletproof jackets and helmets to the state under the police modernization scheme.Stating that the state government increased the strength of its police and equipped them with better arms, ammunition and infrastructure, the CM demanded that the scheme for modernization of police force should be extended for the next 10 years.\"People have more expectations. Due to increased connectivity and flow of information, people want more responsive and effective governance. We must deliver so as to prove our worth of governing the state. Development with justice will enable us to take on the challenges to internal security,\" Nitish said.In Bihar, speedy trial in criminal courts has been going on for the past several years. Due to regular and speedy trial, as many as 71,323 criminals had been convicted by the courts up to March 31, 2012, he said.The CM expressed concern over problems related to the 726-km long porous Bihar border with Nepal . \"Border areas are plagued with plethora of problems like illegal infiltration, smuggling of narcotics, fake currency notes, human trafficking and criminal activities, to name a few. Heavy deployment of Sashastra Seema Bal ( SSB) jawans along the border is required. Speedy construction work on border roads and regular joint surveillance on the border by the police of both the countries were needed,\" he said.On the Maoist problem, Nitish said the state government had a multi-dimensional strategy in place. The 'Aapki Sarkar Aapke Dwar' scheme for development with security in the Maoists-affected areas was one such scheme. Concerted efforts, like construction of Indira Awas, school and community buildings, rural roads besides other social security and welfare schemes, were being made in the panchayats in identified districts with a view to benefit the poor, he added.\"I have been requesting the Centre to financially assist the state government to extend this scheme to all extremist-hit panchayats in the state. Our approach, along with the strategy of area domination, intelligence-based operations, providing security to ongoing development works and capacity building of the police force, is reaping good results,\" he said, adding that the number of Maoist-related violence during 2006-11 was reduced by 48%, compared to the figure during 2001-05.The CM said six special courts have been constituted under the Bihar Special Court Act 2009 for disposal of matters relating to confiscation of property acquired by proceeds of corruption by public servants. Presently, 44 cases were at trial stage, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12698263", "title": "We've made our point, strike not a failure: Pre-university teachers", "text": "BANGALORE: Pre-university teachers, who called off their boycott of valuation on Monday, refused to call the strike a failure. \"We were successful in bringing to the notice of the government that we are unhappy about pay disparity,\" they said.Said Thimmaiah Purle, president of the Karnataka State PU Lecturers' Association: \"We are disappointed with the government. Their attitude is negative. We see no use in waiting till April 19, and will meet the chief minister only if the government takes the initiative for a meeting. We will not raise the issue again. We did not get anything out of the four-day strike. With deep pain, we call the strike off.\"The decision to call off the strike came after high drama at the Freedom Park, where the lecturers had been staging a dharna. The leaders of the association had a meeting with Vishweshwar Hedge Kageri, minister for primary and secondary education, on Monday afternoon.There was a clear divide among the lecturers on whether to call off the strike. Many were of the opinion that the protest should go on as it would otherwise mean defeat and waste of four days. However, some pointed out that public sentiment was turning against them, the response of the government was cold, and it was a wrong time to protest with the students' future at stake. The fact that some teachers had already started returning for valuation also impacted the decision.The dharna got support from noted personalities including MLCs and H S Doreswamy, freedom fighter. Doreswamy attended the core committee meeting and announced to media that the strike was being called off.The lecturers first boycotted valuation on April 8. They called off their protest the next day after the government promised to look into their demands. But on April 12, the teachers resumed their boycott demanding that the chief minister meet them. This is not the first time that the lecturers have held the government and students to ransom.\"The delay in the declaration of results will only add to the pressure. Students are preparing for CET, which has a minimum eligibility criterion. Moreover, colleges have started giving away application forms for BCom and BBM courses,\" said Prarthana Gowda, who appeared for the II PU exam this year.Chaitra RD, another student said: \"Delay in the declaration of results by a week or two is not a problem. Our worry is the valuation process. We want the valuation of answerscripts to be done properly and honestly. Lecturers should not try to finish it just for the sake of it. This will affect our future as most of the competitive examinations have eligibility criteria set on the basis of PU marks.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12702847", "title": "Feels weird to see friends getting married: Richa Gangopadhyay", "text": "Richa Gangopadhyay is feeling weird, and it has nothing to do with her upcoming films or anything related to her filmi career.It's rather a little personal, if we may say so. The actress who shot to fame with \" Leader\", her debut film with Rana Daggubati, who also made his debut with this movie, is feeling weird to see her buddies over the years, getting married. Richa shares, \"So weird to see my school/college friends getting married...and some even having kids!\" Later, she also said, \"I'm too young to be so stressed out.\" What we would like to know is - is Richa feeling left out because she hasn't married yet? Take lite.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12698142", "title": "Demand for commercial properties goes up in city", "text": "AHMEDABAD: While realtors across the country are waiting for the slowdown syndrome to die down, their counterparts in the city have a reason to smile. Growth in sectors like automobile, pharmaceutical and engineering has created demand for commercial properties in and around the city.A pan-India study suggests that while cumulative office space absorption for the top eight Indian cities fell 32 per cent in the first quarter of 2012 as compared to previous quarter, Ahmedabad bucked the trend. \"The first quarter of 2012 noted absorption across top eight cities at 7 million sq ft registering a decline of 32% over last quarter and 6% over the corresponding period last year. However, Mumbai, Kolkata, and Ahmedabad were the only markets showing a rise in absorption at 35%, 33.7% and 5.6% respectively,\" says a report by real estate consultants Cushman &amp; Wakefield.\"There is growing demand for commercial properties in the city. Last week, we took over a mill land in Shahpur from Indiabulls where we will build around 2,000 shops and offices. We have already received pre-launch bookings for around 1,200 shops,\" said realtor Uday Vora.According to global real-estate consultant DTZ's recent report 'India Office Demand and Trends Survey 2011-2012', Ahmedabad has emerged as a favourite among the tier II cities for banking, financial services and insurance companies.\"Commercial spaces where realtors are dishing out all modern facilities in a good locality continue to attract investors and corporates. The demand in the housing market is sluggish, but with a high number of companies investing in Gujarat, the market for medium and top-end commercial units in Ahmedabad remains attractive,\" said Jaxay Shah, vice-president, Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Associations of India (Credai).\"It is expected that the space absorption will remain stable in the next quarter with small-scale industries tipped to be the key demand drivers,\" said Ravi Ahuja, executive director, Office Transactions, Cushman &amp; Wakefield India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12697726", "title": "Delhi gang busted for credit card fraud", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A gang from Delhi involved in a credit card fraud in the city was busted by crime branch officials with arrest of one of the members. Search for other members has been initiated by investigators.Investigators said, they got a tip-off on Vishal Sharma, 32, an Uttar Pradesh resident, as the person involved in fraud on the basis of which they rounded him up from near IP Mission School on Sunday. When police did his body search, they found four credit cards on different names, two mobile phones, details of seven credit card holders in the city and an Apple iPhone.\"When questioned, Sharma said that he is part of a four-member team that had come to Ahmedabad on April 12 from Delhi. They stayed at a hotel near Mahalaxmi crossroads in Paldi and targeted customers of ICICI Bank by calling them for raising their credit card limits,\" said a crime branch official. The gang's modus operandi involved calling various credit card holders impersonating bank officials from Delhi who would offer them a card with higher credit limit. Once the person agrees to do so, one or two members would go at his residence or office and after filling up a form, cut the card in half in presence of the person so as to cancel it and assure them that they would get a new card in a matter of one week.\"The group would then stick the two halves with adhesive and also prepare forged documents supporting identity of the carrier. They would then shop for expensive electronic gadgets such as mobile phones and tablets from malls or super stores. Then they would take it to Delhi where the goods would be sold at a cheap rate than their market value. While other members left the city on April 14, Sharma stayed back to search for potential victims,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "12698074", "title": "'100 new colleges in Tamil Nadu this year'", "text": "SALEM: About 100 new colleges, 50 engineering and management institutions and 50 polytechnics, are set to be established in the state in 2012-13, Anna University Coimbatore vice-chancellor K Karunakaran said here on Monday. He was speaking at the inauguration of STS technologies, a firm that will guide engineering students in the hiring process of information technology firms.Talking to reporters, Karunakaran said the state had 570 engineering colleges presently. The additional colleges will take the number to 620.\"Anna University Coimbatore will have 15 new engineering colleges and four polytechnics in 2012-13. With the additional colleges, 2.5 lakh new students can be enrolled this year,\" added Karunakaran.He said that more than 400 colleges had good infrastructure and standard. The civil and mechanical fields would yield more jobs in the coming years as the global infrastructure developed, he said.On improving the infrastructure in the existing colleges affiliated to the university, Karunakaran said they were awaiting the government's approval. Strict action would be taken against colleges without adequate infrastructure and experienced professors, he said. Nearly 20 colleges in the Coimbatore region had already been given notices in this regard.The vice-chancellor of Anna University, Coimbatore K Karunakaran on Monday find fault with the deemed universities for the vacancies in Tamilnadu Engineering Admission (TNEA) that is being conduced every year through single window counseling by the Anna university.He said that the deemed universities in the state run ten to fifteen batches in a single course like Electrical and Electronics Communication (EEE). Due to this, vacancies arise in the TNEA.Karunakaran presided over an inaugural of STS Technologies here on Monday.He told the reporters here on the sidelines of the function that hundred new colleges including 50 engineering and management colleges and 50 Poly Technic colleges, will come in 2012-13 academic year in the state which has 570 engineering colleges as on date.\"As far as Anna university-Coimbatore concerned, it will have 15 new engineering colleges and 4 poly technic colleges in 2012-13\", VC added.He said, \"By the new 50 engineering colleges, the total engineering colleges in the state will be 620. By this, the 2.5 lakh plus two students will get an opportunity to join in engineering courses in 2012-13\".He also said that out of 620 colleges only 450 to 500 colleges have good standards. \"In the forth coming years, civil and mechanical fields will yield more jobs, as the global infrastructure be developed\", the VC added.When asked VC about the vacancies which had arisen in the Tamilnadu Engineering Admissions in the previous years in the existing engineering colleges, he said that the deemed universities catch more students.\"They run from ten batches to fifteen in a single course like EEE, without any permission from the authority. But, Anna university's College of Engineering, Guindy run maximum two batches in EEE course. The number of those students completed in 10 years in the Chennai Anna university is that of one year of the 16 deemed universities in the state\" the VC lamented.Action against colleges confirm:The VC also warned the affiliated colleges of Anna university-Coimbatore, which have inexperienced lecturers and not having adequate infrastructure. \"We are waiting for government's approval for taking action against the colleges which did not meet the needed requirements to run the courses. Once we got the approval, action will be taken against such colleges\" said VC.According to him, \"Nearly 20 colleges in the Coimbatore region have been given notice to meet the requirements\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12699555", "title": "Deol unaware of vulture deaths", "text": "BHOPAL: Actor Abhay Deol moved by the destruction of forests in Singrauli is unaware of the harm to vultures in Orchha during the shoot of his Hollywood film Singularity in April 2011.Replying to a question on the issue the actor turned activist said, \"I am not aware of any vulture deaths or harm caused to the vultures during the shoot of Singularity in Orchha.\" He however admitted that the shoot was delayed.The vultures had allegedly died in Orchha while the Hollywood crew shot in the historical chhatris of the temple town, habitat of vultures.The delay in shoot was due to the fact that the state government halted the shoot after wildlife activists raised an alarm questioning how the film production was allowed in the protected zone.\"I am not an activist,\" replied Deol dismayed by the comparison. \"Let's talk something else,\" said Prakash Jha coming to the rescue of Deol from probing media persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12698436", "title": "Shirke murder case:Court reserves order on plea seeking minor's custody", "text": "PUNE: The juvenile court on Monday reserved till April 18 its order on a plea filed by the Vishrantwadi police, seeking custody of a minor from the remand home, in the Shubham Shirke murder case.Shirke (15) was abducted and murdered on March 31, allegedly by three of his friends , two of them minors, who had demanded a ransom of Rs 50,000 after being inspired by a crime-based TV serial.On April 11, senior police inspector Motichand Rathod of the Vishrantwadi police station filed a plea seeking custody of one of the minors from the remand home at Shivajinagar. The plea said the boy's custody was required so that he could be produced before the Khadki cantonment court. A medical examination had revealed that he was above 21 years old, it added.When the plea came up for hearing before presiding officer Ms V N Dhavale, defence lawyers Anil Pawar and Deepak Pawar furnished school records and a ration card, justifying their claims that he was minor. The lawyers submitted that the police had conducted ossification tests of the minor at the Sassoon general hospital without seeking the court's permission. They said that the police had sought permission only to collect his blood samples and conduct a DNA test. tnnThe lawyers argued that the minor was born on June 11, 1994 and that he was 17 years and nine months old at the time of murder. They asked that the plea seeking the minor's custody be rejected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12697579", "title": "City to host heritage symposium", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For the first time, Ahmedabad will play host to the country's first heritage management symposium, jointly organized by Ahmedabad University and Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation.The four-day symposium will begin on Wednesday with a unique event where mayor Asit Vora representing the city will jointly celebrate World Heritage Day with members of the Indonesian Heritage Trust in Borobudur, Yogyakarta in Indonesia via a live Video conference.Experts in heritage management from Germany, UK, Unesco , Indonesia and Malaysia will arrive in the city for the event to share their experiences, research and methodologies with a wide range of academic experts. The event will be a precursor to a full fledged heritage management course in the city which will be conducted by AU in the next academic year. tnnMore than 30 experts will cover a wide range of subjects related to repair, restoration, budgeting, preservation and conservation of heritage structures. The symposium will also look at daunting issues related to preserving intangible heritage of human habitation. Apart from these issues, expert will also discuss successful media plans that will help in creating mass awareness among people who belong to living heritage structures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12700604", "title": "Baby dies during delivery, relatives stage a protest", "text": "MYSORE: Tension prevailed at Mission Hospital in Mandi Mohalla here following a protest by the members of a family, accusing the hospital authorities of negligence following the death of their baby on Monday. The hospital authorities, however, said the baby died due to consumption of embryonic fluids, and not due to negligence.Mandi Mohalla police have registered a case against two doctors - Chitra and her assistant Nalini -- under IPC section 304-A (causing death by negligence) and are investigating. Police said the 22-year-old pregnant woman Vinutha was admitted to the hospital on Sunday morning. She was waiting for a normal delivery, but went into labour in the wee hours of Monday. Later, the doctors decided to conduct an emergency C-section. But the baby died. Alleging negligence on the part of the doctors, Vinutha's family members, supported by Kannada activists, staged a protest and barged inside the hospital director's office.They claimed that there was an injury on the baby's head which, they said could have happened during the C-section, leading to the baby's death. Later, police intervened and pacified the agitators. Vinutha's husband Sunil, a resident of Soppinakeri, has filed a police complaint. Though Vinutha is in a state of shock following the loss of the baby, she is stable, the doctors said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12696399", "title": "Retailers driving rise in veggie prices?", "text": "NEW DELHI: The vegetable bill of Delhiites has been rising in the past month but this may not get reflected in food inflation figures. That's because while retail prices have soared by Rs 5 to 10 per kg in the past month, mandi officials say there has been no comparable rise in wholesale rates.Not for the first time, say wholesale market officials, retailers are driving the rise in veggie prices. \"In the wholesale market, some items like green winter vegetables are slightly more expensive at present but the difference in rates is marginal. This apart, prices have been more or less stable in the past month or so. But there is no control over retailers,\" said an Azadpur mandi official. He said while seasonal changes in prices of onions and tomatoes are normal, the retail rates are no indication of the current wholesale prices.Shilpa Singh, a resident of east Delhi's Gagan Vihar, said vegetable vendors have been citing shortage to increase prices. \"In the past month, everything has become expensive by Rs 5 to 10. Tomatoes became more expensive at the start of this month and prices haven't fallen till now. From Rs 15 in beginning March, tomatoes are now selling for no less than Rs 20,\" she said.At the beginning of April, tomato prices saw a sudden hike as there was a shortfall in the crop coming from Rajasthan and Haryana. The city brought in good-quality tomatoes from Gujarat which cost more. But though wholesale rates have gone up, the rise in retails prices has been sharper.Akhila Yadav, a resident of Maujpur said she bought tomatoes for Rs 40 per kg on Tuesday. \"Each vegetable shopping trip sets me back by at least Rs 300. It is not just tomatoes that are so expensive. Even onions are Rs 25 per kg here,\" she said.The rise in potato prices is even more baffling. The vegetable was selling for Rs 10-15 per kg in December-end but now is Rs 5 costlier on an average although the mandi rates remain unchanged.Since December, lady's finger prices have gone up from Rs 60 per kg to Rs 100. In addition, there is a wide variation in rates within the city. In GK-II markets, lady's finger is available for Rs 100 per kg while in east Delhi one can buy the vegetable of good quality for Rs 80 per kg. Beans are available for Rs 80 per kg in Patel Nagar, Rs 48 per kg in east Delhi's Shakarpur and Rs 40 in Gagan Vihar. Residents of all these areas say the quality of the vegetable is good.\"Prices of all vegetable are so high. We understand that unseasonal vegetables will be expensive but how can the price difference be so steep? Most vegetables are now being kept in cold storage so they are available all through the year. Why then is there this sudden hike?\" asked Vineeta Singh, a resident of south Delhi's Gulmohar Park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12696397", "title": "Justice delivered after 7 years", "text": "CHENNAI: In November 2002, R Venkataraman, a medical representative from Salem, was admitted to Kiruba Hospital in Salem as he suffered from acute stomach pain. Many surgeries later, Venkataraman was finally discharged on March 30, 2003, but died the same day as he developed breathing difficulties and low blood pressure.His wife Lalitha and children Ramachandran and Priyanka filed a complaint before the state consumer disputes' redressal commission (SCDRC) charging authorities of Kiruba Hospital with gross medical negligence. Now, the SCDRC has passed an order in their favour, directing the hospital to pay 5 lakh as compensation to the family.\"We filed the petition in June, 2004. Though the case came up every month since then, evidence was recorded on two days and arguments were held only on one day, out of the 95 hearings. The judgment was delivered seven years and eight months later. This is nothing but a mockery of the judiciary as the consumer courts were set up for speedy disposal of cases, but now this has been defeated,\" said Dr K Swaminathan, faculty member at IIT-Madras, who was closely associated with the case. In their complaint, the petitioners said Venkataraman had undergone a surgery for appendicitis the month before he had stomach pain, but doctors at Kiruba Hospital did not verify whether the pain could be because of a retained appendix or adhesion of the small intestine, which can happen in the aftermath of an appendicitis operation.As a result, on performing a laparoscopy, doctors did not find any signs of appendicitis, but noticed adhesion instead. In order to resolve the issue, they opted for a laparotomy - an open surgical procedure - immediately afterward but failed to pay attention to tears in the intestine which are likely to occur while the adhesion is being released.Due to this, fluid collected in the abdomen which led to swelling, prompting the doctors to perform a second open surgery on him. They then left part of the abdomen open to clean the leaking fluid, but during this phase, his blood pressure fluctuated erratically and there was absence of urine or stools. He was left in this state from November 4 to December 26, 2002. Since he could not walk freely and as there was no improvement of his health, his relatives decided to take him out of the hospital and seek treatment in Chennai.While passing orders, the bench observed that doctors at the hospital had failed to consult an expert even when the patient's condition did not improve. Pointing out that doctors at Kiruba Hospital had failed to recognise and analyse the possibility of intestinal adhesions since the patient had undergone appendicitis surgery, the bench said in not taking the appropriate precautions or conducting necessary preliminary investigation, but straightaway going in for laparoscopy should be construed as negligence since there is the possibility of causing injury to the intestine which appears to have had taken place in this case.\"There is no explanation or details, as to whether they have treated the perforation, accordingly. Merely ignoring it as if it will heal on its own, they have closed the surgical wound alone. This, in our opinion, should be construed as negligence,\" the consumer commission said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12697405", "title": "Professor hold jail bharo agitation", "text": "AMRAVATI: The Maharashtra Professor's Association (MPA) staged a jail bharo agitation on Monday to highlight their various demands. The professors, working at various colleges under Amravati University, took out a morcha from Tapovan Square to AU office. NUTA president Pravin Raghuvanshi, general secretary, Prof Subhash Gavai, BT Deshmukh of NUTA, office-bearers of Maharashtra Professors Association addressed during agitation.The professors are demanding outstanding arrears of 6th pay commission, three increments to the professors who completed their PhD during service etc. The agitation started from February 21 but the state government has turned a blind eye towards their demands. They have boycotted the valuation of examination papers as part of the agitation but still government did not look into the matter.Gavai said, \"We haven't staged the agitation suddenly, we repeatedly warned the government but when they didn't take cognizance of our demands we staged the agitation and also boycotted paper valuation work. We will ensure that students don't have to face problems because of our agitation,\"\"Since last two years government has not given us our outstanding arrears of 6th pay commission. The state has not given us the 80% funds also,\" he said.\"By boycotting valuation work, it's the state government that is responsible for putting students' future at stake. Last time we staged an agitation, we had completed syllabus and did not take salary for missing working days, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12697785", "title": "Wall collapses in Kundaim, crushes youth to death", "text": "PONDA: Twenty-three-year-old Abdul Khan , a native of Odisha, was crushed to death under a fallen wall of a company store room at the Kundaim industrial estate late on Sunday.The Ponda police suspect that the recent earth tremors that hit several parts of the state on Sunday could have caused the wall to collapse.Ponda police revealed on Monday that a wall of a store room of Shivam Ispat factory collapsed on Sunday afternoon. Three workers near the wall were injured as the wall fell on them.All three were immediately rushed to Goa Medical College (GMC) and Hospital at Bambolim, however Khan succumbed to his injuries, police said.The body has been preserved in the mortuary of the GMC. The police said that they have informed the family of the deceased about the incident and an autopsy would be conducted on Thursday after the family members arrive in Goa.The police have registered the case as an unnatural death under Section 174 of criminal procedure code (CrPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12701205", "title": "Career in Architecture", "text": "With the need for modern infrastructure leading the cause, architecture in India is opening up its avenues for hopeful students, with a diverse ranges of careers in the field, findsIn a city that is dominated by the tallest of towers and complexes, intertwined bridges that connect areas and sectors, architecture is no joke. Structural designs and sleek, modern buildings are taking over - not just the city, but the nation. While there is a satisfying growth spurt in every field we choose to excel at, the youth is now looking to architecture as a career option, with skyscrapers in their eyes and an eye for detail and design.SPECIALISATIONA regular five-year course offers students the opportunity to explore the numerous facets of architecture and its scope in society. Specialisation in design and planning in the different areas of architecture are also looked into. Shirish Joshi, urban planner and full-time faculty member at Kamla Raheja Vidyanidhi Institute for Architecture, says, \"One can specialise in landscape design, urban design and planning, ecological management, environmental design, urban conservation, heritage management, among many others. Graduates also tend to gravitate towards fields like photography and film-making. Over the five-year period, one is able decide on an area of specialisation.\"The current trend for budding architects is to look into different methods of architectural design, and just how beneficial these traditional and modern means are when it comes down to actually creating or modelling a structure. Current trends in architecture also help students in narrowing down on their field of choice. Atrey Chhaya, professor, Balwant Sheth School of Architecture, states, \"The current scenario works on different kinds of influences. Although the traditional forms of designing are still widespread, contemporary forms such as the use of digital architecture, parametric architecture and landscape urban theories are becoming popular for different projects. There is also a huge shift from the use of drawing and sketching of structures to the use of digital platforms, and how they help in achieving newer and cleaner methods of design.\"PRIME PROSPECTSArchitecture novices are expected to earn anything from Rs 7, 500 to Rs 30, 000 at the early stages of their career. Progress is warranted in a field like architecture, which is growing constantly. Nuru Karim, principal, founder director, LIVE Architecture, says, \"Salaries depend on the architectural design practice. Interns could probably get less. However, the experience that one gains is crucial and cannot be quantified solely in monetary terms. It's important to take these formative years as an extension of one's continual educational experience. \"Chhaya adds, \"Graduating architects can follow interesting avenues in planning, such as regional or city planning for government boards. They can also consider conducting research in cities like Mumbai for redevelopment purposes, and the data they collect is sent to civic bodies such as the MMRDA for future city planning.\"Joshi also states that there is tremendous scope for urban design in rural areas and areas that are reserved for affordable housing. The scope for transportation planning is also wide.Karim adds, \"Developing nations shoulder the responsibility of providing housing, infrastructure and sound institutions in education, health and related sectors. It's within this space that architecture is gaining rapid recognition and due importance in both urban and peri-urban areas. There are several challenges as well but the growth potential is enormous. Besides, there have been several leading international architectural firms that have set up shop in India in the last decade.\"INDICATIVE LISTINGSchool of Planning and Architecture, New DelhiCentre for Environmental Planning and Technology, AhmedabadRizvi College of Architecture, MumbaiLS Raheja School of Architecture, MumbaiIndian Institute of Technology (IIT), KharagpurSir JJ College of Architecture, MumbaiChandigarh College of Architecture, ChandigarhKamla Raheja Vidyanidhi Institute for Architecture, MumbaiBalwant Sheth School of Architecture, MumbaiENTRANCE TESTSThe general entrance exam for architecture in India is the NATA (National Aptitude Test). The test scores, along with the class XII scores comprise the eligibility of applicants for the undergraduate course in Architecture (BArch). Some schools in Maharashtra also require candidates to complete the MASA (Maharashtra Association of Schools of Architecture) Common Entrance Test for regional colleges.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12700980", "title": "Kaushik Ganguly's New Year bash", "text": "Kaushik Ganguly organized 'Barshoboron', at a film city on Saturday afternoon to usher in the Bengali New Year.\"I started shooting for \" Laptop\" last Nabobarsho at this studio and I'm feeling very nostalgic. We hardly get any time to meet our colleagues from the industry, so I thought this was the best day for meeting up. Adda hullor er sanghe gaan o hobe, paan o hobe, bhoj o hobe!,\" smiled the director.With Saikat Mitra and Srabani Sen singing old Bengali numbers and Tagore songs the adda got a new dimension.\"The menu was awesome! Peas pulao, Mutton Kosha and Chicken Curry. The adda stretched till the evening and I had to finally drag everyone to the lunch table,\" said Kaushik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12698660", "title": "Mumbaikars pool in to beat strike", "text": "For Andheri resident Jayashree Rangarajan, Monday's commute to her Bandra office was made easier by a car-owning neighbour, who also worked nearby. However, her husband and his friends had to pay extra to a taxi driver who wanted to earn more during the strike.Ajinkya Vishwasrao and his friend from Chembur got a surprise when an acquaintance suggested accompanied them in a hired goods vehicle, dropping them at nearby stations of their choice like Sion, Chunabhatti and Bandra.Certain commuters like Ameya Nayak did not hesitate to take the help of political groups in Kandivli who had arranged vehicle drops till stations. While many Mumbaikars walked long distances to reach their destinations in the absence of autos, hundreds of office-goers preferred carpooling up to certain stations or offices. Jayashree said most of her colleagues and regular co-commuters opted for car-pooling.Many residents of Borivli, Malad, Juhu, Andheri and Santa Cruz preferred to leave home early in the morning and walked longer up to stations. John Pinto, a Juhu resident, said his friends who left home earlier than usual got autos, but he later the auto unions forcibly stopped even non-striking autos from plying.Joint commissioner of police (traffic) Vivek Phansalkar said many people preferred whatever mode of transport they could use as all vehicles whether goods carriers, school buses or tempos were allowed to carry passengers. \"Commuters were mentally prepared. The strike had more impact on central and eastern suburbs as certain unions in the western suburbs did not support the strike. Moreover the roads were not too congested and traffic moved smoothly,\" he said.However, several people in Khar and Vile Parle complained of striking autos were illegal parked in no-parking zones and residential lanes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12701625", "title": "Fearing HC whip, municipal authorities to start anti-encroachment drive", "text": "LUDHIANA: Fearing the whip of Punjab and Haryana high court, municipal authorities will start a long-pending anti-encroachment drive in the city on Tuesday. The authorities have to submit an action report in court on April 30 about encroachments on highways and bypass roads that have been razed.A meeting of town planners was held on Monday morning in this regard. The drive will begin from A zone on Tuesday near Chawni Mohalla where officials had failed thrice in razing illegal structures because of political interference.There are over 2,000 illegal structures across the zones in the city and they have been particularly hampering the six-laning work of national highway 1.Sources revealed that MC officials had for the last one month only been serving notices to defaulters instead of taking any action.After razing illegal structures in Chawni Mohalla the authorities will move to Ghumar Mandi and then they will bring down illegal buildings near Samrala Chowk, which is in B zone,However, MC officials remained tightlipped about the anti-encroachment drive to avoid any problems. Though assistant town planner of Zone A Harpreet Ghai confirmed that they will start removing encroachments from Tuesday, he refused to share which area they will conduct the drive in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12698120", "title": "Sharoni would never kill herself: Friends", "text": "KOLKATA: At 9:15pm on Sunday, when 18-year-old Sharoni Bose told her friends that she felt tired and needed a lift to Elgin Road's Forum Mall, it didn't evoke the slightest suspicion. There wasn't any inkling that she wouldn't hang out with them the next day, 'like' a photograph or status message, or chatter away on the cellphone. There was no clue that it would be the last time they would see her alive.Sharoni's friends insist that she may have been moody or withdrawn at times but she wasn't the type to kill herself. Especially since she loved working for social causes.On Monday, when the media descended on Sharoni's house, a group of her friends stood huddled on the road outside, whispering to each other and staring with disbelief at the charred balcony where Sharoni often waved them goodbye.They were alerted by a Facebook post on Monday which only said: \"RIP Sharoni.\" Her best friend said: \"I thought it was some distasteful prank and called up the poster. She asked me to turn on the news. One look at the house, we knew it was her home.\" Disheveled and shocked, they trooped to the Moore Avenue complex - some on bikes, others packed in a car. They looked devastated.When she last met her pals, Sharoni told them that she hadn't slept well for the last two days and needed to hurry up to meet her mother Sangeeta and sister Saheli for a quick dinner and then head home early.Sharoni's friends say that they loved to hang out with her although she was somewhat moody. What drew them to her was that she was someone you could trust blindfolded, said one. \"You could confide in her. But we drew a line, we never discussed our families. Neither did she,\" a friend said\"Having been in her home and met her parents, I found them to be like any normal family. If her father appeared a bit concerned about her - it was no more that what we face at home ourselves,\" she said, raising a trembling finger to the charred walls to say: \"It's her room. It was...\"Sharoni was very proud of her association with La Martinere's Interact Club, which encourages school students to take up social causes. In fact, she was among its \"directors\" - a tag that she proudly introduced her Facebook profile with. Her friend's list has no less than 480 names. She was a regular member of her school dance troupe. But when it came to choosing her priorities, Sharoni was very clear - she was aiming for a place in National Law School, Bangalore.In her Moore Avenue neighborhood, Sharoni was something of an enigma. She never spoke to anyone and never was seen in the locality, unlike her younger sister Saheli who often took the dogs out and was a regular at the neighborhood phuchka-wallah, say neighbours.Saheli was a Class VIII student at La Martinere for Girls. \"Sharoni never spoke to anyone here, her sister did. The younger one was very bubbly,\" said septuagenarian neighbour Deepa Bhattacharya, her daughter Nandini nodding in approval.Friends say Sharoni was in a \"steady relationship\" with an Ashutosh College student. \"I had spoken to her last night after dropping her at Forum. She didn't display any sign of depression. It is unbelievable that she would ever choose to end her life like this. She was aiming to go to Bangalore, she loved her social work and her dance. Why would she commit suicide?\" asked a friend two years her senior. \"I called Sharoni's Blackberry even today, but it kept ringing. She always keeps it with her. If she had it with her last night, it would have been damaged (by the fire). It isn't. I called Saheli on her cell. Hers is switched off.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12696603", "title": "Security for dreaded prisoners costs a bomb", "text": "HYDERABAD: Providing security to troublesome prisoners of the erstwhile Papagni barrack at Cherlapally prison is a costlier affair than taking care of special class prisoners like Gali Janardhan Reddy or Y Srilkakshmi or BP Acharya.The prisons department, in reply to a Right to Information (RTI) petition, said that they spent Rs 7.57 lakh to provide security to 10 dreaded prisoners, including Viquaruddin, Ali Bhai, Zia-ul-Haq, Abdul Khaja, Nafeeq Ul, Ayub Khan , Khaleem, Syed Ahmjad Ali, Shakeel Ahmed and Izar Khan during their stay at the Papagni barrack, where fundamentalists, ISI agents and accused in terror cases used to be lodged, until they were moved out of Cherlapally prison to various jails in the state. These undertrails were moved out after they attacked jail authorities last year.However, the department continues to incur expenditure on providing security to them and now these prisoners have been sent to various jails in the state. It is learnt that the department might have spent over Rs 10 lakh by now this year.Cherlapally central prison superintendent K L Srinivasa Rao said the highest expenditure was on fundamentalist Khaleem (UT No. 528) and notorious gangster Ali Bhai (UT No. 2063) among the 10 prisoners as they were lodged for a long period. The department had incurred an expenditure of Rs 2.03 lakh (for 32 months) and Rs 1.91 lakh (30 months and two days) respectively on these two prisoners.Officials claim they used to spend Rs 210 per day on each of these 10 prisoners. It was on February 16, 2011 these undertrials were moved to Warangal, Nellore, Rajahmundry and Visakhapatnam jails. It was found that special class or 'B' class prisoners including the infamous personalities like illegal mining case accused Gali Janardhan Reddy, BV Srinivas and IAS officer Y Srilakshmi. On Vijay Sai Reddy , who was released last week, and BP Acharya involved in the YS Jagan Mohan Reddy assets case, the prison authorities had been spending Rs 64.40 per head per day.However, jail authorities said they do not have information on expenditure on transport provided to take these prisoners to court. \"The expenditure incurred on transport facility is not our concern. Money spent on hospital, courts and transfer facilities are provided by the Armed Reserve Police,'' the officials said in their reply.Govt spent a huge amount for security of Viquaruddin, Ali Bhai, Zia-ul-Haq, Abdul Khaja, Nafeeq Ul, Ayub Khan, Khaleem, Syed Ahmjad Ali, Shakeel Ahmed during their stay at the Papagni barrack", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12697820", "title": "Maoist sabotage whiff in goods train derailment", "text": "KOLKATA: Derailment of a goods train in the Muri-Chandil single line section of South Eastern Railway (SER) in the wee hours of Monday sparked off rumours of a possible Maoist strike. While locals claimed that they were woken up from their sleep by a loud noise that sounded like a blast, SER officials said the driver did not report anything of that sort. Though a single line section, important trains like the Bhubaneswar Rajdhani and Neelanchal Express pass through it.The incident occurred barely hours before the start of the Chief Ministers' Conference on Internal Security in New Delhi. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee has skipped the conference but will be in the Capital in May for a meeting on the National Counter-Terrorism Centre (NCTC). Though the Maoists have not claimed responsibility as yet, experts believe that the Naxalites could have carried out such a strike to establish themselves as a potent force along the Bengal - Jharkhand border.Though Muri and Chandil are both in Jharkhand, a section of the railway tracks connecting these two points pass through Purulia. In fact, Ilu, Torang and Suisa - the stations after Muri towards Chandil - are all in Purulia. The derailment occurred between Torang and Suisa around 2.15am due to which 32 loaded wagons and two locomotives jumped the tracks. Though security agencies didn't recover any Maoist posters, officials admitted that the rebels are present in the area.\"The rake was loaded with limestone at Mehgaon near Jabalpur and was moving towards Tatanagar. It was moving at about 55-57 km per hour when the derailment took place. The driver did not report any blast but felt a jerk before the locomotives and wagons moved away from the tracks. In the dark, the driver may have missed a small fracture in the tracks. There is also a steep 'down gradient' at the point where the incident occurred. It may not be possible at the moment to ascertain whether sabotage was involved,\" an SER official said.Senior SER officials from Kolkata rushed to the spot on Tuesday. General manager A K Verma, who is in Delhi, will also proceed to the site. The Howrah-Hatia Express has been diverted via Chandil-Purulia-Kotshila-Muri and the Bhubaneswar Rajdhani will run via Chandil- Purulia-Barbenda-Bokaro Steel City-Rajabera. Four other trains, including Neelanchal Express, have also been diverted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12697960", "title": "KMDA may lease out Nonadanga land", "text": "KOLKATA: The crisis in Nonadanga regarding the eviction of slum dwellers seems far from over, but the Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority (KMDA) has already started weighing the options to utilize the controversial stretch of land.While the Nonadanga Busti Uchchhed Pratirodh Committee and the squatters are opposing the government move, the KMDA plans to use the land for comprehensive development of the area. The authorities are mulling the option to lease out the land for 99 years to some private developer, who would build residential complexes, budget hotels , shopping malls, multiplexes, restaurants, service apartments and other facilities adhering to the Land use and Development Control Plan (LUDCP) and building rules. The private firm will have to develop and manage the entire infrastructure and provide other facilities at the project area at its own cost, following the prescribed LUDCP and building rules.The KMDA is in the process of selecting an experienced developer through a competitive bidding process. Before selecting the private developer, the authority wants to seek expert advice from reputable transaction advisors, preferably from among the top international property consultants having strong local presence in real estate advisory business.\"The earlier plan was to auction the land for setting up a specific business park. Now, the plan has been modified slightly. The land will be auctioned off on lease and the developer to whom the land will be handed over will have no restriction to use the plot for any kind of commercial purpose following the building plan and LUDCP,\" said a KMDA official.In the past, former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee had laid the foundation stone for setting an IT Park in the area. However, the plan was first put on hold due to the recession in 2008 and when things improved, the Left-run government chose to stay away from any eviction drive as the party did not want to take any stern step before the assembly polls.Apart from the Nonadanga land, the KMDA has some more plots that are yet to be utilized. A water park was supposed to come up on a 32-acre land near Ruby, but that did not see the light of day. Similarly, a commercial complex at Salt Lake's DJ Block was also shelved. KMDA was developing the land to set up the Baruipur township and was prepairing a plan to develop the peri urban areas within the Kolkata Metropolitan Area to develop new urban habitats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "12698064", "title": "Indra declared a proclaimed offender", "text": "JODHPUR: The CBI court here on Monday declared Indra Bishnoi, a conspirator and one of the main accused in the abduction and murder of nurse Bhanwari Devi, a proclaimed offender. She has been absconding for the past five months.The CBI, after announcing a cash reward of Rs 5 lakh for any credible information leading to her arrest, had moved an application in the court to declare her a proclaimed offender on the grounds that she has been constantly evading investigation and arrest despite declaring her an absconder followed by attachment of properties and even the high court directing her to appear before the CBI on March 5.\"She is aware of all these developments and despite that her not turning up amounts to her non-cooperation in the investigation\", said special public prosecutor (CBI) S S Yadav. He said that under Section 82 (4) of Cr PC and Section 174 A of IPC, she could be sentenced to 7 years imprisonment.The CBI has also registered an FIR with the police against Indra Bishnoi on similar grounds and has also filed a contempt petition against her in the high court, which is due for hearing.On the other hand, former BJP leader and a fresh suspect in the Bhanwari Devi case, Shambhu Singh Khetasar filed a writ petition in the high court objecting to the CBI's summoning him meaninglessly everyday and that too without giving any notice.His counsel P S Bhati said that despite filing the chargesheets and identifying accused in the case, Khetasar is being subjected to interrogation illegally. \"He is being targeted on the grounds of political rivalry with Mahipal Maderna \", Bhati said.Bhati said that they had cooperated with the investigation and had appeared whenever required, but CBI is now taking this cooperation for granted. After summoning Khetasar on April 11 through notice, the CBI summoned him again on April 12 without notice and then reached his residence on April 13 without any information, the day he had left for Ahmedabad for the pending treatment.\"We are ready to cooperate but the CBI will have to go by the rules even when the investigation is almost complete\", Bhati added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12696598", "title": "Madurai prison alive with sound of music", "text": "MADURAI: The dingy corridors of the Madurai Central Prison are all set to reverberate with music. In a novel initiative aimed at easing depression among inmates, music classes were inaugurated in the prison premises on Monday.The Tamil Nadu Music College here will co-ordinate the classes. Initially, vocal music, folklore, flute and 'tappu' will be covered. The classes will be held twice a week from 2 pm to 5 pm, and 35 inmates have already signed up.Sources said music classes were being conducted for the first time, though yoga and meditation were being taught in collaboration with the Isha Foundation.Inaugurating the classes, district collector U Sagayam urged the prison's inmates to make full use of the opportunity. \"Music is a great instrument to ease depression and increase concentration. Besides, music can provide inner peace, which will help inmates to concentrate on more constructive work in prison,\" he said.Sagayam also assured the prisoners that the district administration would work on bringing more such life skill training for them.Suvalakshmi, principal of the Tamil Nadu Music College, said teachers would visit the prison every week to take classes.\"We have started classes on vocal music, flute, folk music and 'tappu' for the inmates. When the classes were announced, 35 inmates registered their names. However, during the launch, many more wanted to enroll. Based on the need, we will increase the number of classes and introduce instruments,\" she said.R Baskaran, social welfare officer in the prison, said music can play a great role in bringing about behavioural changes. \"Being confined in prison, it is very normal for the inmates to suffer from depression. Music has tremendous scope for providing relief from depression and aggression. Inmates who are musically gifted can utilize the classes to learn a new skill,\" he said.Similar initiatives have been introduced in other prisons in the state too. In Chennai's Puzhal prison, the inmates operate a bakery unit and are also involved in growing fruits and vegetables on the prison campus. During his tenure at the prison, DGP R Nataraj had encouraged the inmates to bring out their own journal, \"Ulloli\" (inner light). The journal is circulated in all prisons in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12700535", "title": "Facebook told to delete morphed pictures of Mamata Banerjee", "text": "KOLKATA: The state CID has written to Facebook asking it to delete certain morphed images of chief minister Mamata Banerjee after a Trinamool Congress supporter lodged a complaint on April 12, citing specific posts and 'objectionable comments' flooding social networking sites.The CID also wants to know the IP addresses from where the pictures were posted.It is sure to scare netizens after what happened to Jadavpur University professor Ambikesh Mahapatra, who was arrested for forwarding a cartoon chain mail on the CM.Salt Lake resident Suman Naskar has alleged in his complaint that some youths were using Facebook and Twitter to malign Mamata. The FIR was lodged on April 12 at the Electronic Complex police station in Salt Lake Sector V, the very day Ambikesh was arrested on the other side of town. The case was handed to the CID's cyber crime cell immediately. On Saturday, the CID wrote to Facebook to delete the images and provide the IP details.Facebook, in spite of being governed by US laws, responds to such requests with alacrity but only if there is a threat to national security, public order or in case someone's life is at stake. It is yet to be seen how it reacts to the CID missive.Police officers were very reluctant to talk about it. DGP (crime) V V Thambi flatly refused to comment. Special IGP (CID) Vineet Goyel would only say: \"I am aware of it.\" And DIG (CID-operations ) K Jayaraman said he was not authorised to comment on an ongoing investigation.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee, whose government is battling a public relations disaster following the arrest of Jadavpur University professor Ambikesh Mohapatra for forwarding an email lampooning her, has asked the Centre for more help to deal with cyber crimes. Terming cyber crime an internal security threat, Mamata's speech at the CMs' meet said the Centre \"should take concerted action\" to prevent it. The speech was read out at the meet by state finance minister Amit Mitra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12700843", "title": "New measures to drive the development of nano-scale", "text": "Jane Den Hollander, vice-chancellor, Deakin University, Australia, on the new Deakin-TERI bio nanocentre in IndiaThere are a number of factors that are driving the development and uptake of devices or components that are designed at the nanoscale. One of the key things is that we now have a number of techniques that measure at the nanoscale or even at the atomic scale. If you cannot measure then how do you know what you have done?But, if you can measure then you can make changes, evaluate the changes and then manipulate factors for the desired outcome.India tie-upAs to the Deakin-TERI Bio nanocentre launched this February, we have been developing a strong research partnership with TERI for more than three years. We saw an opportunity to partner with a leading Indian research organisation to take our research to the next level.It was a natural partnership - combining Deakin's fundamental and applied research in materials science and nanotechnology with TERI's programmes in the agritech area.We also believe that nanobiotechnology is an area where India has potential to be a leader in commercialisation and where Australia can bring significant fundamental science to support this.New CentreThe students spend approximately 3.5 years for the PhD, of which six months is spent in the sister laboratory at Deakin. They are supervised by both TERI and Deakin guides, and their work will be examined internationally.Also, the problems they are working on are complex, real-world problems that are technically challenging and will often require them to work in multidisciplinary teams.At present, the centre has more than 15 PhD students and more than 10 scientists engaged in full-time research. This is expected to grow to 70 PhD students and more than 30 full-time researchers in the next two years.CollaborationsThe world is becoming increasingly interconnected and research is now almost a global commodity. Many companies will pick and choose from research across the globe to build their business.The whole idea is to find the pockets of excellence that match your need. For Australia as a relatively small and remote country it is essential for us to partner with the developing nations such as India so that we can develop new science and business opportunities.Australia has an outstanding record in basic and applied research, but a poor record in commercialisation often due to our small population base.With India we have the chance to turn some of these ideas into reality and to also address some important global issues in food production, health, energy and water.As to the scopes it will offer to research scholars in India, students are likely to get the best of both worlds, an international degree and research experience with leading scientists as supervisors while based in a leading Indian laboratory working on problems that affect the whole world - but particularly India.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12699560", "title": "Teachers stop evaluation for two hours, protest workload", "text": "BHOPAL: The teachers involved in the evaluation work of class 10th and 12th board examinations answer copies stopped work for two hours on Monday protesting against the new rules framed by the MP board of secondary education. The teachers are demanding that the number of answer copies to be checked by the chief valuers be reduced and they be given facility of leaves.The whole evaluation work was delayed by two hours at the Model School, TT Nagar.Mukesh Sharma, vice chairman of the Prantiya Shasakiya Vyakhata Evam Pracharya Sangh, an association of government teachers, Madhya Pradesh, said, \"Around 600 teachers on evaluation duty on continued with the protest and stalled the evaluation by two hours from 10.30 am.\"According to teachers, each of the five deputy head valuers are responsible for 225 copies (45 for each valuer). \"It is humanly impossible to check 225 copies in a day!\" they said.Chairman of the board M K Rai said, \"Keeping in mind the demands by teachers, orders were issued on April 13 that instead of five, four valuers be placed under one deputy head valuer. Also one casual leave be granted when it is required.\" He informed that the teachers were to meet the Commissioner, Public Instructions (CPI) Arun Kochar but could not as the latter was on leave.\"We would meet the CPI on Tuesday and if he fails to provide an acceptable solution to our demands, we would boycott the evaluation process from Wednesday,\" Sharma said.He informed that the evaluating teachers would again stall their duty for two hours on Tuesday and continue protesting with black arm bands and crosses as before.\"We received support from teachers in Chhindwara, Vidisha, Betul, Jabalpur districts. More districts are expected to join the state-wide stir on Tuesday too,\" he added.On the teachers going to meet the CPI on Wednesday, the Board chairman said, \"All their demands cannot be met. They should also be reasonable.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12698161", "title": "Jaitley lends support to Rathore's legal battle", "text": "JAIPUR: Led by leader of Opposition in the Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley , the BJP on Monday extended its full support to former minister and party's chief whip in the assembly Rajendra Rathore who was recently arrested for his alleged involvement in the Dara Singh fake encounter case. Jaitley was in Jaipur on Monday particularly to meet Rathore in the Central Jail. Post-meeting, he announced that the party would leave no stone unturned in fighting the legal battle for Rathore.Jaitley along with Rajya Sabha MP Bhupendra Yadhav met Rathore at the Central Jail for almost half an hour on Monday afternoon. \"I was aware that Rathore was falsely implicated in the case as I had studied the case papers earlier. After meeting him, my belief has strengthened. This is a case of gross abuse of the system and the CBI has implicated him without evidence. In legal terms, it's a case of no evidence,'' said Jaitley, while interacting with media persons at the BJP state headquarters. When asked about his trip, Jaitley said that the main reason to meet Rathore was to show support and also to understand the ground situation here.Jaitley said that while the state unit had protested Rathore's arrest by taking to streets, it would continue to do so if need be but how and when would be decided by the state party leadership.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12698791", "title": "Killers may have ferried body in Kakkar\u2019s BMW", "text": "Double-murder convict Vijay Palande said he killed Karankumar Kakkar because he wanted to steal the Amboli resident's BMW and jewellery worth Rs 12 lakh. Police said they are also investigating the association that Palande and model Simran Sood had with IPL players. Sood has also been arrested in the case for Kakkar's disappearance.Meanwhile, sources close to the relatives of Arunkumar Tikku, who Palande is also accused of killing, have made shocking revelations. They said the police have told them that Palande and his cohorts had got Arunkumar's son Anuj a Slovakian visa, they recced the Tikkus' properties and they made Anuj sign on blank sheets of paper.The body parts found in Ratnagiri on Monday have been sent for forensic analysis. If it is proved they are of Kakkar, then murder charges will be added to the kidnapping case, in which Sood has also been arrested.The last time Kakkar was seen, he told a friend that he was going along with Palande. After Kakkar's family and the police linked Palande to Kakkar's disappearance through CCTV footage, the cops interrogated him about the Amboli man's whereabouts. Palande told police that he had killed Kakkar and left the BMW at a housing society in Pune, from where the police recovered it on Sunday.A source close to the probe stated that Kakkar's remains were found about 300 metres from a hotel, Valley View. Four police teams were searching for the body parts in the valley since Saturday with the help of mountain trekkers. On Monday, the trekkers found a human skull, a spinal cord and leg parts. Deputy commissioner of police (Zone 9) Pratap Dighavkar said, \"We have recovered body parts and our search will continue.\"Palande along with others allegedly killed Kakkar in the latter's house at Oberoi Springs in Mumbai and chopped the body up in the bathroom. They put the parts into two bags. They then used Kakkar's BMW to travel to the spot in Ratnagiri and dumped the bags in the valley. Forensic experts will examine the BMW to ascertain if it was used in the crime. Meanwhile, Anuj Tikku appeared clueless when asked if Palande planned to take him to Slovakia. He said he didn't know if there was a Slovakian visa in his passport, which is with the police. But sources close to the Tikkus said the police told them that a Slovakian visa had been procured for him. Anuj said, \"They did speak to me about going to Slovakia. They had bought a site on which they planned to build a hotel.'' He added, \"I don't know if a visa has been issued as my passport is with the police.'' DCP Dighavkar said, \"The accused were trying to convince Anuj to open a business with them in a foreign country.\" Anuj said he did not check his passport before submitting it to the police. The accused reportedly had Anuj's Oshiwara house keys and access to all his documents.Sources said Anuj was selected by the gang because of the amount of property his father owned. A source said, \"They had done recces of the properties and it is learnt they planned to gain control of the properties.\" Sources said the recces were done in Gurgaon, Dehradun and Delhi.Anuj, who continues to get shivers after the gruesome murder of his father, does not recall signing any papers other than the leave-and-licence agreement for the Oshiwara flat in which his father was found dead. \"I only remember signing leave-and-licence papers for my house. I don't quite know if I have signed any other paper,\" he said. Sources said that there are indications that Simran Sood made friends online with investment bankers and overseas real estate experts, including in Slovakia. Meanwhile, another model, Rozlyn Khan, has denied knowing Simran Sood or having a relationship with Kakkar. Khan said, \"I don't know Simran Sood at all. Karan (Kakkar) may have mentioned my name to her in some conversation, which could be the reason she took my name.\"Khan met Kakkar at a Marathi film producer's office about five months ago. She said, \"I was introduced to him by a filmmaker planning a Hindi film. Karan was present in the office. He introduced me to him and we exchanged numbers.'' Khan said she met Karan about four to five times in the last five months. Asked when she last spoke to him, she said, \"On March 5, at around 8.30pm. I got a BBM message from him asking for some number.\" Khan didn't give the number.The Mumbai police have also recorded the statement of stock broker Gautam Vora in the Tikku murder case. Vora was in regular contact with Simran Sood and told police that he was one of her friends. However, he said he was just a friend and had nothing to do with her business-wise. Vora would meet her at parties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12698419", "title": "City gets first spell of pre-monsoon showers", "text": "PUNE: The city received its first spell of pre-monsoon thundershowers this season on Monday bringing much-needed relief from the soaring temperatures over the last few days.The Shivajinagar observatory of the India Meteorological Department (IMD) recorded 1.5 mm rains in an hour's span, between 4.30 pm and 5.30 pm on Monday. A slight drizzle continued even after the spell of rain in several localities.Earlier, hot weather conditions prevailed for the better part of the day before the development of clouds around 4 pm. This led to gloomy and humid weather conditions, which was followed by a fairly good spell of rain and thunder.Medha Khole, IMD's deputy director general (weather central), said, \"We are expecting similar spells of thundershowers during the afternoon or evening hours over the next two to three days.\"She said, \"The pre-monsoon thundershower activity has occurred due to the combined effect of a wind discontinuity, which runs across the state, and an anti-cyclonic circulation, which prevails over the Bay of Bengal.\"\"The wind discontinuity, which prevailed mostly in the eastern parts of the country - including West Bengal , Odisha and Andhra Pradesh - till Sunday, has shifted westwards and now runs across the Vidarbha, Marathwada and south central Maharashtra regions of the state,\" said Khole. The south central Maharashtra region stretches from Pune to Kolhapur in the south.Khole said, \"Winds coming from the Bay of Bengal are responsible for greater moisture incursion, leading to cloudy weather conditions. This, coupled with the wind discontinuity, is resulting in rains and thundershowers,\" she added.\"The pre-monsoon showers are unlikely to have a significant impact on the day temperature in the city,\" she said. \"We expect clear weather conditions during the day time, which means higher temperatures. The maximum (temperature) may drop, at the most, by one degree Celsius.\"On Monday, the maximum temperature in the city was recorded at 38.9 degrees Celsius, which was the third hottest day for April this season. The temperature was 1.2 degrees Celsius above normal for the day.The hottest day for the month so far in the city was recorded at 39.9 degrees Celsius on April 8. The mercury had touched 39.1 degrees Celsius mark on April 10.Khole said, \"The minimum temperature may show some rise because of the clouds and moisture incursion.\" The night temperature was recorded at 21 degrees Celsius, which was 1.3 degrees Celsius above normal.Meanwhile, day temperatures remained above 40 degrees Celsius mark in parts of the central Maharashtra belt with Jalgaon and Malegaon recording 41.3 and 41 degrees Celsius, respectively, while Solapur recorded 40.3 degrees Celsius.The entire Vidarbha region reeled under severe heat with Chandrapur recording the hottest day in the state at 43 degrees Celsius followed by Wardha at 42.5 degrees Celsius and Brahmapuri at 42.1 degrees Celsius.Akola and Amravati recorded 41.5 and 41 degrees Celsius, respectively, while Nagpur recorded 41.4 degrees Celsius as the maximum temperature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12700438", "title": "Rajya Sabha poll nominee: BJP dilemma far from over", "text": "RANCHI: Even as the state BJP has clarified its stand to take a final decision about fielding or supporting any particular candidate for the May 3 Rajya Sabha elections after consulting coalition partners, its national leaders are all set to field a candidate of their own.BJP sources at Delhi said an official meeting in this regard is on the cards so that a consensual name could be finalized. Speculations are on that outgoing Rajya Sabha MP S S Ahluwalia would be the consensus party candidate subject to certain moves of the opposition.One of the senior BJP leaders camping in Delhi told TOI that in case the opposition fields two candidates, chances of the BJP fielding its own candidate would be more.\"If opposition fields one candidate ensuring his or her victory would be a cake walk for them and it would be illogical to field a candidate,\" he said unwilling to be quoted.Back home, the state BJP is not convinced over the idea of fielding its own candidate. Senior BJP leaders in the state are in no mood to contest the election, instead they are willing to support the JMM candidate, decision about which is expected to be taken shortly.BJP state president Dineshanand Goswami said BJP-JD(U) and AJSU would prefer to support and ensure victory of the JMM candidate. \"But we are looking up to the instructions of national leadership,\" he said.Number game in the 81-member Jharkhand assembly is of prime importance. With 18 members under its fold BJP is convinced about JMM with its 18MLAs, JD (U) with two voters and AJSU with its 5 MLAs. All these MLAs taken together has voting power of 43 whereas it requires 54 voters in total to win both the seats. Given the condition that opposition candidate secures 27 first preference voters there would be no chance for the BJP-JMM-AJSU-JD (U) fielded second candidate to emerge victorious. It is because of this calculation that BJP is waiting for the opposition to filed two candidates so that there is a split in first preference votes of opposition camp.With all eyes fixed on the moves of opposition, no wonders if the BJP ruling alliance decides not to field second candidate/", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12701482", "title": "Bittoo Boss flops, Housefull 2 strong even in week 2", "text": "The much-hyped Bittoo Boss fizzled out with weak content. Housefull 2 is rock steady in week 2 and may soon enter the Rs 100 crore league.The general buzz is that IPL cricket season isn't as strong as it was it earlier seasons. Despite that, the new releases of the week failed to pick up. Bittoo Boss which made news for its trailer and tagline, failed to draw audiences thanks to a tacky plot and loose direction. Though the male lead Pulkit Samrat made an earnest effort, he is unable to salvage the sinking ship. Bittoo Boss ended up being a boring film that opened on a weak note and the business showed no escalation over the weekend. Despite strong promotions, the first weekend collections is as low as around Rs 1.2 croresWith lack of star value, the Anupam Kher and Sachin Khedekar starrer Chhodo Kal Ki Baatein failed to draw audiences. Perhaps the makers might be able to recover costs with the Marathi version of the film ' Kashala Udyachi Baat ' that might click in the internal centers of Maharashtra. The third release Ab Hoga Dharna Unlimited that featured a string of standup comedians went unnoticed.Meanwhile Sajid Khan's multi-starrer Housefull 2 continued to mint money even in its second week. With no strong competitors, Housefull 2 was the first choice of moviegoers and the film raked a gigantic Rs 20 crores even in its second weekend. With rock steady business, the film is soon set to make it to the Rs 100 crore league.The coming week sees John Abraham's first production Vicky Donor starring Ayushmann Khurana and Annu Kapoor. This comedy film has already generated quite a buzz with its unexplored 'sperm-donation' concept. The other release is Vikram Bhatt produced Hate Story starring Pauli Dam, Gulshan Devaiya and Nikhil Dwivedi. The film is making news for Pauli Dam's hot and intimate scenes which could pull in the crowds.Top Hindi Films this WeekFilm: Housefull 2Position: 1Director: Sajid KhanCast: Akshay Kumar , Riteish Deshmukh, John Abraham , Mithun ChakravarthyUpside: Akshay Kumar and Ritiesh Deshmukh's impeccable comic timing, entertaining second half, good music, some good funny momentsDownside: John Abraham's bad comic timing, some silly and slapstick jokes, no plot in first halfRunning Week: 2Trade Comments: Housefull 2 is soon set to make it to the films in the Rs 100 crore league. After a strong first week, the film continued to run to packed houses even in the second week and earned around Rs 20 crores over its second weekend.Film: Bittoo BossPosition: 2Director: Supavitra BabulCast: Pulkit Samrat, Amita PathakUpside: Decent act by Pulkit SamratDownside: Weak plot, uneventful screenplay, dull climax, low on humourRunning Week: 1Trade Comments: The film opened on a weak note and the business showed no escalation over the weekend. Despite strong promotions, the first weekend collections is as low as around Rs 1.2 croresFilm: KahaaniPosition: 3Director: Sujoy GhoshCast: Vidya Balan , Parambrata Chattopadhyay, Nawazuddin SiddiquiUpside: Good story, smart suspense, fascinating performances, brilliant climax, technically proficientDownside: Practically nothingRunning Week: 6Box-Office Verdict: Super HitFilm: Blood MoneyPosition: 4Director: Vishal S MahadkarCast: Kunal Khemu, Amrita Puri, Manish ChaudharyUpside: Good musicDownside: Outdated plot, no insight on diamond trade backdrop, predictable to the core, uninspiring performancesRunning Week: 3Box-Office Verdict: AverageFilm: Chhodo Kal Ki BaateinPosition: 5Director: Pramod JoshiCast: Sachin Khedekar, Anupam KherUpside: Interesting plot and good performancesDownside: Gets a little preachy in the second halfRunning Week: 1Trade Comments: With lack of star value, this low-budget film failed to draw audiences despite its interesting plot and performances. Perhaps the makers might be able to recover costs with the Marathi version of the film 'Kashala Udyachi Baat' that might click in the internal centers of Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12697129", "title": "University Institute of Engineering and Technology to launch students' business", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Drawing inspiration from the entrepreneurship cells of Indian Institutes of Technology (IIT) and the Delhi College of Engineering (DCE) that launch business projects of their students, engineering students of Panjab University have opened up a \"facilitation centre\" of their own.Still at a nascent stage, the entrepreneurship development cell (EDC) of PU's University Institute of Engineering and Technology (UIET) has already undertaken two projects of PU students to facilitate them to start up a business. From funding the project to providing mentoring sessions, this facilitation centre would provide all. At present, two projects are being supervised by the centre, one on a unique web portal about Chandigarh and another on a professional networking website module.\"We visited the Global Entrepreneurship Summit (GES) organized by the IIT Kharagpur in January, where the best 20 engineering colleges had presented ideas they are implementing in their colleges to help students become more enterprising,\" says Akash Kashyap, a BE (II) information technology student of UIET.Besides Akash, Prashant Aneja and Rahul Rawat, both second year students of bachelors in engineering (BE) have been instrumental in setting up the facilitation centre. \"Unlike foreign universities, students in India are not encouraged to be more enterprising. Eventually one finds that those setting up their own ventures end up providing further employment and contribute in a different way to the country's growth. The idea behind setting up the centre was the make students more inclined towards setting up something of their own,\" says Manu Sharma, faculty member UIET, in charge of the EDC which was set up six months back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12700951", "title": "Allu Arjun turns Lover", "text": "Actor Allu Arjun will soon be working for a new film that will be produced by noted producer Dil Raju. The tentative title for this film is \" Lover\".A leading actress is being approached to play the lead role and things should be finalized pretty soon. Music will be scored by Thaman. The film has been in the making for a long time now as Vasu Varma did not make a favorable impact at the Box Office with his earlier movie \"Josh\". With this flick, Dil Raju has given Vasu another chance to prove himself. Source: 123telugu.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12699612", "title": "Delhi election results: BJP ahead in all 3 corporations in early trends", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP was on Tuesday ahead in all the three municipal corporations of Delhi as counting of votes progressed for the polls held two days ago.The counting for 272 wards is taking place in 33 centres across the city.Polling for all the 272 wards spread in three civic bodies -- East, South and North -- were held on Sunday in which 55 per cent of the 1.15 crore voters exercised their franchise.The trends showed that BJP is ahead in 59 wards in the North while Congress is leading in 24 and others in 14 seats for which trends are available.Delhi BJP chief Vijender Gupta's wife Shobha is leading in Rohini Central ward by a margin of over 2,000 votes against her Congress rival Dr Monica Puri. Delhi Mayor Rajni Abbi (BJP) is also leading in Mukherjee Nagar.In South Delhi Corporation, BJP is ahead in 47 seats while Congress is ahead in 22 wards while in East, BJP is surging in 28 seays and Congress 16.Stakes are high for both the national parties in the municipal polls, considered as a semifinal ahead of the assembly elections next year.There are 104 each wards in South and North Corporations and 64 in the East, of which 138 seats are reserved for women. South has the highest number of 904 candidates followed by North (885) and East (634).In the 2007 polls to the undivided Municipal Corporation of Delhi ( MCD ), BJP had bagged 36.17 per cent of the around 42.35 lakh votes polled while Congress got 29.17 per cent. BSP's vote share was 9.87 per cent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12701926", "title": "Chammak Challo for NTR Jr?", "text": "We still can't stop shaking a leg every time \" Chammak Challo\" (from SRK's \"RA.One\") plays. Well, good news is we are soon going to have a \"Chammak Challo\" in a NTR Jr starrer.With internationally famous American singer Akon rendering his voice for \"Chammak Challo\", the song gained instant success. Now, Tollywood's talented and busiest music director Thaman wants to rope in Akon to recreate the magic of \"Chammak Challo\" for the Telugu audience. Buzz is that NTR Jr's \" Baadshah\" will feature a song by Akon a la \"Chammak Challo\". However, there is also competition from Charan Tej's and Venkatesh's movies, say insiders. If the song does manage to go to NTR Jr, one can expect a lightning bolt from this song with Thaman's music, Akon's voice and NTR Jr's dances moves. Source: gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12698025", "title": "One killed, two hurt in road accident", "text": "PATNA: One person was killed while two others sustained injuries when the motorcycle they were riding was hit by a speeding vehicle near Sahpur bridge under Sahpur police station in Patna district late on Sunday night.The police said one, Hari Sao, a native of Chechaul village under Naubatpur police station, was on way to his village from his in-law's house at Khaspur under Maner police station, with his two brothers Mantoo and Shravan. Police said as they reached near Sahpur bridge, the speeding vehicle dashed against the bike killing Sao on the spot and causing injuries to his brothers. The injured were admitted to the PMCH. SDPO, Danapur, Anil Kumar said efforts were on to trace the vehicle involved in the hit-and-run incident.Road blocked: The residents of Nathupur village blocked the main road at Anisabad under Gardanibagh police station on Monday to protest the murder of a grille mechanic, Manoj Sharma.Armed criminals had looted cash and gold ornaments from the houses of an insurance agent, Rewati Raman, and Sharma. Sharma was gunned down at Nathupur village under Beur police station on Sunday. The residents blocked the road and placed burning tyres there disrupting the traffic.Phulwarisharif SDPO Rakesh Dubey reached the spot and pacified the agitated residents. He said Sharma's wife, Dolly Devi, in her written complaint, alleged the involvement of Raman and Anand Prakash in her husband's murder.Dubey said Dolly told police that Sharma had a scuffle with Raman's family members and they had threatened him with dire consequences. The local police are looking into the allegations.In another incident, residents of Sahpur blocked Jibra-Hasanpur main road under Parsa Bazaar police station in Patna district for three hours when a tractor crushed a youth, Ravi Rajak (20), to death on Monday. They were demanding compensation of Rs 1 lakh to Rajak's family.Police said the BDO and the CO, Phulwarisharif, reached the spot and gave Rs 10,000 as per the rules for performing the last rites of the boy. The blockade was later lifted.Cash, jewellery worth Rs 2 lakh looted: Armed criminals barged into the office of Gupta Brokers, owned by Lakhan Prasad Gupta, a wholesale dealer of rice and jaggery, near Rajendra Nagar roundabout under Kadamkuan police station and looted cash and gold jewellery worth Rs 2.05 lakh on Monday. City SP Kim said Gupta told police that six armed criminals entered his office and locked him, his employees and a Haryana-based trader in a room. She said the criminals looted cash and gold jewellery from them and escaped. Some persons have been detained for interrogation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12700862", "title": "Lovers jump to death in Aji damdam", "text": "RAJKOT: A couple committed suicide by jumping in Aji dam on Sunday evening. Police identified the victims as Ranjit Parmar (18) and Jignasha Sagathia, a minor girl. Both were cremated separately on Monday.Police said the couple was prompted to take the drastic step as they were in love and their parents were opposed to their relationship.\"We came to know about the incident when a passerby informed us that an unidentified youth along with a girl arrived on a motorcycle at Aji dam and then both took the plunge,\" a Thorala police station official said.Police preliminary investigation revealed that Ranjit was from Dalit community, while Jignasha was from upper caste. Their families were opposed to relationship and had frequent altercations over the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12696627", "title": "Case against ex-Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams chairman's son", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police have booked criminal cases against former TTD chairman D Adikesavulu Naidu's son Srinivas Naidu and his associates for trespassing into a private property and demolishing a structure there on Monday.According to Medchal police, Srinivas Naidu, his associates Veerabhadra Reddy, Narender Reddy along with their workers went to a three acre land in survey number 806 of IDA Medchal and demolished a small room on its premises.\"When the structure was demolished, M Madhusudan Rao, manager of Prasad Seeds Corporation, approached us with land ownership documents and lodged a complaint against Srinivas Naidu and his associates,\" Medchal inspector A Rami Reddy said.Police slapped cases against the trio under sections 427 (Mischief and thereby causing damage to property worth Rs 50 or above), 447 (Criminal trespass) and 506 (Criminal intimidation) of the IPC. \"The trio also produced some documents claiming they are the actual owners of the land. We are inquiring into the matter. No one has been arrested yet,\" the inspector said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "ferozepur road", "code": "12701537", "title": "Fun unlimited for members of Gayatri Ladies Club", "text": "FEROZEPUR ROAD: It was a fun-filled Monday for members of Gayatri Ladies Club as they celebrated Baisakhi in a hotel. Songs, dance, games and a scrumptious lunch kept the women in high spirits.The function saw members performing a dance programme, \"Baisakhi Dhamaala\". Their bhangra and giddha moves had audience asking for more. Some members filled the hall with their songs on the festival.Chairperson of the club Ravneet Kaur said, \"The function was held to keep alive the Punjabi culture and stress its significance to the youngsters. Members thoroughly enjoyed the function. If some jived on traditional Punjabi numbers, others sang beautiful songs. They enthusiastically played 'tambolaa' too. We hold a function on Baisakhi every year.\"Later, the founder members of the club were honoured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12698299", "title": "DG's insignia for 7 city cops", "text": "PUNE: Seven police officers, including six inspectors attached to the Pune police commissionerate, have been awarded the director general of police's insignia for their meritorious service.The officers include inspectors Arun Walture (crime branch, unit-IV), Kishore Jadhav and Shivaji Kanase (traffic branch), Kamalakar Takawale (Sahakarnagar police station), Prakash Shah (Airport police station) and Prasad Hasabnis (Kondhwa police station). Assistant police inspector of the crime branch Arvind Gokule has also been awarded the DG's insignia.The officers will receive the medals on May 1, at a function at police headquarters in Shivajinagar. Deputy chief minster and district guardian ministerAjit Pawar will present the medals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12696529", "title": "Air India told to pay 80K for cancelling confirmed tickets", "text": "CHENNAI: The national consumer forum has ordered Air India to pay Rs 80,000 to a mother and her two daughters for unilaterally cancelling their tickets to Singapore.According to the complaint by Dindigul-based Dr Mary Ramasamy, she and her two daughters were scheduled to fly to Melbourne via Singapore on December 21, 2002. While the family was to take a late night Air India flight to Singapore, they found out on arriving at Chennai airport that their tickets were cancelled though they had booked well in advance.The three were put on a flight to Singapore the next day and missed their connecting flight to Melbourne due to the delay in Chennai. Finally, the family reached Melbourne 36 hours late. The complaint said the airline's action caused physical and mental torture to the three passengers and led to anxiety among relatives waiting to receive them.The airline contended that messages were sent to the travel agent on December 17 and 19, 2002 asking for reconfirmation of tickets. Since no confirmation was received, it said, the tickets were cancelled. But it failed to submit any proof.The National Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission ( NCDRC) bench comprising presiding member Justice R C Jain and member S K Naik found that overbooking to the extent of 200% was done for the flight leaving Chennai for Singapore on December 21. \"If such overbooking is done, they render themselves vulnerable to such a situation. However, in the absence of any communication or verification from the complainants, the airlines cannot cancel confirmed tickets booked several days in advance. It was totally unfair and unjust on the part of the airline to do so,\" the bench observed.Ruling that Air India committed \"grave deficiency in service\", the bench said this act amounted to adopting a malpractice or an unfair trade practice. \"We wish that airlines would stop such a practice forthwith,\" the order said, awarding a compensation of Rs 75,000 and Rs 5,000 as cost of litigation.The National Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission bench found that overbooking to the extent of 200% was done for the flight leaving Chennai for Singapore on December 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12701502", "title": "Siddharth's birthday woes", "text": "Well, it's actually Siddharth's birthday today! Many people thought his birthday was on April 15 and sent him wishes galore on twitter. The actor took to tweeting saying, \"Why is everyone wishing me today? I would like to continue to remember my birth on 17th April! This has been a strange new twist!\"And yes, it's finally his birthday today! And industry colleagues wished him aplenty. On Sunday, he walked the ramp in Chennai, even taking a bow and blowing kisses to the audience. And actor Jiiva who walked the ramp with him was one of the early people to wish him. Well, hope he's happy that people got the right date today!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12698131", "title": "Bail norms modified in pipe bomb case", "text": "MADURAI: The bail conditions of one of the accused in the pipe bomb case were modified by the Madurai bench of the Madras high court following a request made for the same.A pipe bomb was detected under a bridge near Alampatti village in Thirumangalam in Madurai on October 27, 2011 by a villager who alerted the police just before BJP leader L K Advani's Jan Chetna Yatra was to have passed over the bridge en route to Shencottah. The special investigation team arrested two persons, including Ismath from Madurai a few days later on charges of having connections with the banned Al-Umma outfit, which was suspected to be behind this crime.When Ismath sought bail from the lower court, the judicial magistrate ordered him to obtain a surety from a Grade I officer and another from a blood relative. Ismath appealed against this in the high court, contending that he could not possibly obtain a surety from a high level officer as he was from a lower-middle class family and did not have sufficient contacts to obtain a surety from a high-level officer.Justice A Arumughaswamy modified the terms and asked him to obtain a surety for the value of Rs 10,000 from a person having a ration card and producing the copy of the same.Incidentally, Advani is expected to arrive in Madurai on April 28 to participate in the BJP conference to be held here.Police said the six-foot long pipe hidden under the bridge across a stream in Alampatti was made of poly vinyl chloride . It was stuffed with explosives and connected to a wire linked to battery kept near a palm tree. in a deserted place, a senior police official had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12697958", "title": "Endless woes for passengers at airport", "text": "NAGPUR: Mihan India Limited (MIL) officials looking after Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar International Airport claim to have sorted out most of passenger complaints, but passengers and visitors say the situation is otherwise.TOI has repeatedly highlighted the suffering of passengers at the city airport.A vigilant passenger Avinash Prabhune who had raised issue of the parking contactor charging Rs 30 from every vehicle, said that he had officially filed a complaint in this regard with MIL senior airport director, V K Yadava, who had assured to take immediate steps. \"However, months have passed but nothing has changed,\" Prabhune said.\"I have visited most airports in the country, including Mumbai and Delhi, but have never seen such an arrangement of parking anywhere. Despite assurances by top airport authorities, things have not been changed for the passengers and it confirms the adamant attitude of the executing officials at airport or the contractor's dominance over the authorities that is restricting them to take any actions,\" he added.Neelam Bowade, former chairperson of VIA's women's wing and a frequent flyer, said that due to increased air traffic, many flights get delayed or cancelled.\"I never officially complained about it to authorities, but verbally told them many times to at least have enough decent toilets, day-rooms and dining facility to make the waiting period bearable for passengers,\" she said, adding that The road from Hotel Pride to the airport has become the favourite haunt for young couples \"Despite repeated complaints, nothing was done in this regard\", Bowade added.Businessman and frequent flyer Tejinder Singh Renu raised another issue. He said though he had not officially complained this to authorities but he found that the parking contractor often overcharges visitors.\"Last month, I flew to Mumbai and parked my car at 7.30am and returned the same evening by an Air India flight, which was slightly delayed,\" Renu said.He had parked his car at the airport for about 13 hours. \"While rules say that the charges for parking above 12 hours and below 24 hours are Rs 135, the attendant asked me for Rs 210. It was only after a lengthy argument that the attendant relented,\" Renu said.He said that the parking contractor and his men attempt to cheat people probably thinking that visitors in a hurry would shell out the money. \"Visitors should be aware of the charges and should never pay more,\" Renu added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12696438", "title": "From next week, corporation to remove illegal banners", "text": "CHENNAI: The Corporation of Chennai will remove banners, posters and graffiti displayed without permission from the Chennai Collectorate starting next week. It is yet to decide on the fine amount.Corporation has been receiving reports of illegal posters and banners on main roads, often blocking traffic or defacing walls, barricades and medians. Officials say they will remove the banners and may levy fines under the Tamil Nadu Open Places (Prevention of Disfigurement) Act, 1959. \"We usually face a problem with posters during elections, but we have received reports that many posters have come up in the last few months,\" said a corporation official.Corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan said it would be a routine procedure. \"It is not a special drive. It will be done in coordination with revenue officials of the Chennai Collectorate,\" he said. Once the posters are identified, the revenue officials will point out the ones that are illegal, which will then be pulled down by the civic body, he said. He said the option of imposing fine will be decided after the process of identifying posters are completed.To put up a banner legally, a no objection certificate from the corporation or PWD should be obtained first. After this, the collectorate will have to grant the final permission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12697487", "title": "Online system to detect power faults", "text": "NOIDA: Citizens will no longer have to deal with long hours of power cuts in case of accidental tripping of lines. Paschimanchal Vidyut Vitaran Nigam Limited (PVVNL), the power distribution utility of the city, has developed a new system to map electricity supply network online under which local faults can be detected in a jiffy. At present, PVVNL personnel manually detect fault points in case of accidental tripping, a process that leaves consumers in the dark for long hours.The system - Revised Accelerated Power Development and Reform Programme (RAPDRP) - has been developed in association with HCL.\"We are building an online grid map of the electricity supply network in Noida via this system,\" said superintending engineer of PVVNL, D P Singh. \"It will have all details of the network beginning from the substation and the transformer to all lines of supply and the consumer,\" said Singh.The faulty points on the network will be detected by the use of geographical information system (GIS). Workers can be immediately sent to repair work after the fault is detected. \"Residents will be spared the pain of waiting for resumption of electricity supply. The present process is both time-consuming and cumbersome,\" added Singh.\"At present, the software company is preparing the grid map of the network. Detection will be done through this system once the grid map is ready for operation,\" Singh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12698320", "title": "India to join project to build largest telescope", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a giant leap for astronomy, India will help build the world's largest and most advanced telescope. About 20 institutions like the Indian Institute of Astrophysics, Aryabhatta Research Institute of Observational Sciences, Inter-University Centre for Astronomy and Astrophysics and the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research will join construction of the Thirty Metre Telescope (TMT) - a telescope that will have nine times the collecting area of the current largest optical/infrared telescopes and will provide unparalleled high-sensitivity spatial resolution more than 12 times sharper than what is achieved by the Hubble Space Telescope.The Department of Atomic Energy has proposed a budget of Rs 700 crore for the project over the next five years.The 30-meter aperture will permit the telescope to focus more sharply than smaller telescopes by using the power of diffraction of light. The large aperture also collects more light than smaller scopes, allowing images of fainter objects.Two of the most exciting challenges to astrophysics are to understand the physical processes that lead to star and planet formation and to characterize the properties of extra-solar planets.TMT will have a very important role to play in many aspects of this endeavour. The TMT project, being spearheaded by the California Institute of Technology and having international partners like Canada, Japan and China, has entered the early construction phase and is expected to be completed by 2019.The Planning Commission's working group for the DAE says this large aperture (in the range 25-40 metre) optical telescope will mark the next giant leap in the field of astronomy.The report of the working group said, \"India was invited to participate in these endeavours. After careful assessment by its astronomy community, India decided to join the TMT project in 2010 in Hawaii as an observer. Observer status is the first step in becoming a full partner in TMT and participating in engineering development and scientific use of the world's most advanced and capable astronomical observatory.\"It added, \"As an observer, we can begin exploring the specific areas where India can contribute to the project and look forward to becoming a full partner with a formal agreement and commitment for funding.\"According to the group, TMT is expected to be operational in roughly eight years at which time it will be the first of the next generation of ground-based optical observatories.\"This revolutionary telescope will integrate the latest innovations in precision control, segmented mirror design, and adaptive optics to correct for the blurring effect of earth's atmosphere. The 30-metre segmented primary mirror will help TMT get sharper images,\" the group said.Experts say TMT will be a fundamental tool for investigating exploration of the \"dark ages\" when the first sources of light and the first heavy elements in the universe formed.The nature of \"first-light\" objects and their effects on the young universe are among the outstanding open questions in astrophysics. TMT will allow detailed spectroscopic analysis of galaxies. Observations with TMT will enable astronomers to study objects in our own solar system and stars throughout our Milky Way, its neighbouring galaxies and forming galaxies at the very edge of the observable universe, near the beginning of time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "numaligarh, assam", "code": "12701780", "title": "Efforts to preserve endangered butterflies in Assam's Butterfly Valley", "text": "NUMALIGARH, ASSAM: With a view to providing a proper home to butterflies in the unique Butterfly Valley in Assam's Golaghat district, especially the endangered varieties, the North East Institute of Science and Technology is trying to locate and nurture plants there on which they breed.The valley is situated inside the Numaligarh Refinery township, spread over an area of 30 acres amidst a backdrop of verdant green and surrounded by hillocks.It is adjacent to the misty Deopahar hills and the Kaliani river, and is not far away from the world-famous Kaziranga National Park either.An ecological hotspot, the Northeast is home to a dozen of endangered butterfly species and also has a variety of plants on which the butterflies breed, a research scholar attached to the North East Institute of Science and Technology (NEIST), Deepanjali Saikia, said.''Our effort is to identify more and more host plants to enable the butterflies and moths to breed, so that the valley becomes a unique place for insects in the world,'' she said.At least 75 species of butterflies belonging to the five broad butterfly families have been listed in the valley, which also hosts an approximatley 60,000 plants endemic to the Northeast.The refinery authorities along with entomologists of the NEIST are playing a pivotal role in maintaining the fragile ecological balance in the industrial area, NRL official K Borgohain told PTI.The Butterfly Valley was set up as a part of the NRL's commitment to protect and conserve the environment and ecology in the vicinity of the refinery, NRL's Corporate Communication Manager Madhuchanda Adhikari Choudhury said.Butterflies were initially bred in captivity inside a huge caterpillar-like protective structure with a net cover.This was, however, later removed following a directive from the Union Environment Ministry as this was against the norms set by the International Union for Conservation of Nature which prohibited keeping of butterflies in captivity, another NRL official D Barua pointed outThe doing away with the net cover has, however, posed a serious problem with birds in the area swooping down into the valley and eating caterpillars which breed on the host plants.The population of butterflies had significantly increased after a scientific study and management of the host plants were undertaken by the NEIST's Medicinal and Economic Plants department scientists led by Mantu Bhuyan.Butterflies are an important component of the environment as they play a significant role in pollination of plants, maintenance of the food chain and foodweb and overall sustenance of the ecosystem, Saikia pointed out.A laboratory is also housed inside the premises where entomologists carry out their observation studies and other research work and a butterfly and moth pavilion has also been set up for displaying the various species of the insects spotted in the Valley.A herbal medicinal garden 'Smritibon' with more than 5000 plants has been established within the Butterfly Valley under the guidance of herbal medicinal expert Gunaram Khanikar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12699547", "title": "Chakravyuh just a film, not aimed at changing society: Jha", "text": "BHOPAL: Chakravyuh is a Hindi film based on the naxal problem and it should be viewed as such. \"I am not making the film to bring about a change, says film maker Prakash Jha.Jha, accompanied with Arjun Rampal along with Abhay Deol and Esha Gupta was addressing a press conference here on Monday. The film is being shot by Jha in and around Bhopal. After Rajneeti and Aarakshan, this is his third film being shot in Bhopal.Known for making politically charged films and documentaries, Jha spoke on 'Chakravyuh - the enemy within'. \"It is my take on naxalism and the story relates on how two friends (Abhay Deol and Arjun Rampal) - one trying to spread naxalism and the other on a mission to control its spread works,\" said Jha.Jayant Deshmukh, the man credited with motivating Jha to shoot films in Bhopal said, \"His (Jha's) visual sense and realistic genre of film making is unique. Locations are plenty in and around Bhopal and the audience can expect lots of fast paced action in Chakravyuh,\" he added.Bollywood action stuntman Abbas Ali Moghul has been roped in for the film. Abhay Deol after shooting Hollywood film Singularity in Madhya Pradesh last year in April said, \"I have seen the better side of the state and the worst. I saw the lovely locals of Orchha and the destruction in Singrauli.\" Deol was part of the Greenpeace team protesting against coal mining. \"Mining threatens to destroy these forests made it disheartening as well,\" he added.Jha's third film in the city also stars new comer Esha Gupta who is playing acting in sequels - Jannat 2, Tezz, Raaz 3D and Jism 2. \"I went to Mumbai despite objections from my parents,\" said Esha. \"However, with success they have changed their mind and accept my career choice,\" she added.Costume designer Priyanka Mundada and Choreographer Sachin Krishan were also present at the press conference.The shooting of Chakravyuh would continue till June 15, while the film is likely to be released in November- December 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12697790", "title": "HC restrains media house from airing Singhvi CD", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high Court has restrained a media house from publishing, telecasting and broadcasting the contents of a CD pertaining to Congress leader and a leading advocate Abhishek Manu Singhvi.\"Till the next hearing, the defendants (the media house), their agents and all others acting for and/or on their behalf are restrained from publishing, broadcasting and disseminating or distributing in any form or any manner the content of any alleged CD or any other material as described in the plaint,\" Justice Reva Khetrapal said in an order on a civil suit filed by Singhvi.He had sought a restraint on the media group from making public the contents of the alleged CD. The court has also sought response by May 21 from Aaj Tak, Headlines Today and India Today and Singhvi's former driver, alleged mastermind behind the scandal.\"Irreparable injury is likely to be caused to the reputation and goodwill of Singhvi in case the defendants are not restrained. Accordingly, issue notice to defendants (one to four) which is returnable by May 21,\" it said.Singhvi alleged that the CD was \"forged, concocted, morphed and fabricated\". Any move to telecast the alleged CD would infringe the right to reputation of Singhvi, the plea said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12696467", "title": "Fliers may have to shell out more this summer", "text": "CHENNAI: Domestic air fares may not have peaked here as they have in Delhi and Mumbai, but Chennaiites may have to spend more to fly this summer. There is a marginal increase in air fare because of service tax hike and flights going full in April and May when schools close for the summer holidays.An airport official said domestic flights would become expensive for those who book in the coming days as airlines have stopped offers and discounts as the demand may go up. \"The peak season is starting and flights are full on most routes,\" he said.Domestic air fares had gone up by 25%-40% in a month due to factors like Kingfisher cutting flights drastically, other carriers cashing in on the reduced supply and the removal of the upper limit of 150 as service tax on domestic tickets from this month, on the Delhi-Mumbai and the Delhi-Kolkata routes.However, fares have not rocketed in Chennai. A Chennai-Mumbai one-way ticket costs 4,000 for travel in mid-May, while the last minute fare is 6,000. Though the fare difference is not much, an airline official said fares jump from one slab to another quickly because flights are getting 70% booking and airlines have lesser number of seats going for low fares on key routes like Chennai-Mumbai, Chennai-Delhi and Chennai-Bangalore. Most flights have more than 70% load factor.Passengers travelling by connecting flights from northern destinations like Mumbai to Ahmedabad or Jaipur, destinations that are not well connected from Chennai will have to pay more. Withdrawal of Kingfisher from many routes has not had much of an impact in the south because airlines like SpiceJet and Go Air have taken over the routes vacated by the ailing carrier.\"During peak season, airlines have lesser number of seats in a flight going for low fares. This time as Kingfisher has reduced capacity substantially, other airlines' seats get filled faster and with fewer seats in lower fare buckets, more people are paying higher rates,\" said Siddarth Mehta, head of travel portal Yatra's air product division.Ambe World Travel chief Anil Kalsi said service tax has also contributed to the steep hike in airfares. \"Earlier there was a cap of 150 and 750 on service tax charged from domestic and international fliers, respectively. Now with this upper limit going this fiscal, service tax of 4.94% on a ticket that costs 15,000 is as high as 750. This has had a serious impact on pricing,\" said Kalsi.As domestic fares are likely to go up, vacationers are looking at international destinations. \"It is cheaper to fly to Southeast Asian countries from Chennai than to Mumbai or Delhi in summer. We are receiving inquiries from travellers for packages to Singapore , Kuala Lumpur , Bangkok and Hong Kong ,\" said Basheer Ahemed of Metro Travels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12697704", "title": "Credit card fraudsters choose city as their favourite target: Police", "text": "AHMEDABAD: They came, they saw and they duped - it has been a mantra for the fraudsters who generally come from outside the city armed with information, target the unsuspecting credit card holders, get their cards or details by various tactics and leave them high and dry. According to city police, the total amount of fraud every year crosses Rs 50 lakh, out of which many cases do not even get registered due to bank's intervention.The city crime branch has arrested Nigerian nationals, people from Delhi, Mahrashtra and Madhya Pradesh along with a small number of youths from Gujarat in the past for credit card-related frauds. The arrest of a youth from Delhi on Sunday is the latest addition in the rogue's gallery for the city cops.\"The city is targeted time and again by fraudsters who generally come without much of a preparation. Many don't even know their way around, but yet they manage to find the victims. Such gangs travel to metros and major cities to find their prey. They stay for a week at the most, research the local condition and dupe people after which they change the destination. In some cases, we also observed inter-state gangs where people from other states collaborate with local youths and carry out the operation,\" said a crime branch official.Investigators said that with the rise in awareness among banks and credit card holders alike, the number of cases reported has gone down in last two years. However, officials believe that it simply means change in modus operandi. In some of the cases, the insiders are the culprits. In one of the cases, a bank manager was found to have purchased gold biscuits by credit cards of his customers.\"It's a very lucrative business where what all a person has to do is to procure database of the credit card users, make shopping and then dispose off the goods in open market. Nationwide scams are time and again busted where hackers exchange their database. We are mainly worried about youths who join in for fun of it or making some quick bucks. In some of the cases, the accused were as young as 16 and 17 years. An IIT student was also caught in police net,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12697961", "title": "With increasing traffic, city airport complaints on rise", "text": "NAGPUR: With increase in number of passengers passing through Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar International Airport, the number of complaints - delay in flights, problems with new pay and park system, non-functioning of aerobridge or escalators, even basic facilities missing - too are on the rise.As per the reports from ministry of civil aviation recently, of total 2,888 complaints received from various airports - including six-private run airports - across the country, Nagpur airport, run by Mihan India Limited (MIL), stood fourth with 170 complaints registered by passengers.Delhi airport with 587 complaints tops the list while Hyderabad stood second with 236 complaints followed by Bangalore with 186 complaints. Sources at the airport informed that these were the unresolved complaints sent by MIL officials to Civil Aviation ministry, while most of others involving basic facilities were resolved by the authorities.Mumbai and Kochi registered the lowest number of complaints with 32 and 34 complaints respectively. Of the AAI-run airports, Ranchi airport topped the list with 190 complaints followed by Madurai and Ahmadabad with 144 and 141 complaints. A total of 117 complaints were registered at Calicut airport and 112 at Jaipur, airport sources informed. In 2009 and 2010, 2,503 and 2,220 complaints were received by the ministry of civil aviation.At city airport, most of the complaints registered by passengers or visitors were regarding parking booth posing obstruction on the approach road, parking contractor charging Rs 30 per vehicle, boards displayed at parking area about 'parking at your own risk',inadequate luggage trolleys, poorly maintained toilets, missing luggage, etc, a senior MIL official informed.Even, Gadchiroli MLA Namdeo Usendi had registered a complaint about that the VIP washroom meant for women had President's picture displayed on the entrance door while Prime Minister's picture on the men's washroom.Some vigilant passengers has also registered complaints saying that the newly commissioner aerobridge was non-functional, while some had pointed out the threat to passengers' life following growing stray animal menace on the runway, said another official requesting anonymity.Airport director and MIL CEO Vinod Kumar Yadava, however, clarified that most of the complaints pertaining to parking problems had already been resolved.Those related to financial issues need to be resolved at the headquarter level and have been sent to ministry. Yadava said that he personally checked the complaints registered by passengers and tried to resolve them.As of now, priority is being given to provide more facilities for airlines as well as passengers and visitors at airport, Yadava assured. Two public toilets on both sides of the approach road (just near parking stand) are also ready. \"The contractor has been asked to start 'Pay and Use' facility besides a side snacks corner for the visitors,\" he added.Nagpur airport is run by Mihan India Limited (MIL), a joint venture of Maharashtra Airport Development Company (MADC) and Airports Authority of India (AAI).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12697764", "title": "Farmers protest curbs on cotton export", "text": "NAGPUR: All eyes in the cotton belt of Vidarbha are now on the meeting called by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on April 23, to discuss objections raised by Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar on curbs imposed by government on export of farm produce like cotton, sugar and milk.Meanwhile, farm widows and cotton farmers on Monday staged a protest at Pandharkawda and burned effigies of Manmohan Singh and textile and commerce minister Anand Sharma to protest against restrictions imposed on cotton exports.Kishore Tiwari of Vidarbha Janandolan Samiti (VJAS) has accused Sharma of acting as an agent of textile mill owners. \"This is a politically motivated decision to protect interests of handful of spinning and weaving mills and garment traders. There is no domestic demand and the export curbs have led to a fall in cotton prices in open market, and hence farmers are protesting,\" said Tiwari.Tiwari said the prime minister should intervene to protect interests of farmers and stop protecting corporate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12698045", "title": "Rajasthan High Court seeks govt reply on contempt petition against Bainsla", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court on Monday asked state government to clarify as to whether it intent to pursue a contempt of court petition filed against Gujjar leader Kirori Singh Bainsla and a few others following the quota agitation held a few years ago.The contempt petition was filed in 2008 against Bainsla for flouting court orders not to indulge in violence and disrupt public life in the name of agitation. The order was passed by Justice P S Asopa on an application filed by the state government in September 2007.In the contempt petition, it was alleged that the Gujjar Aarakshan Sangharsh Samiti, led by Bainsla, had made a representation to Bharatpur district collector on May 19, but the same was turned down on the same day as the collector found the same to be a threat to the law and order situation as well as a danger to the fundamental rights of the citizens of the locality, as required by the court order passed on September 10, 2007. It was then brought to the notice of the court that the permission to hold any agitation in Bharatpur district was denied but despite that, he went ahead with the unlawful activities.\"We have categorically clarified in the court that the state government sincerely want the petition to be heard and decided. We are not going to withdraw it. The persons having scant respect for law need to be brought to book,\"said N A Naquvi, additional advocate general.Justice R S Rathore directed the state government to give its reply in writing by April 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12697076", "title": "Traffic to be diverted for counting", "text": "NEW DELHI: Traffic congestion is expected on Tuesday due to the counting of municipal poll votes at over a dozen centres across the city. To handle the crisis, traffic may be temporarily diverted.A part of August Kranti Marg in south Delhi will remain closed on Tuesday from 6am till the afternoon due to the counting at Jijabai Polytechnic Institute, said traffic cops.\"Traffic will remain closed on both the carriageways from Kamla Nehru College T-point to Siri Fort Auditorium T-point,\" said a senior officer. Commuters are advised to use alternative roads like the Siri Fort Road, Balbir Saxena Marg and Aurbindo Marg from 6am till the counting ends on Tuesday, said traffic officials.Munimayaram Marg between Prembari Pul and TV Tower will remain closed from 6.30am till the declaration of the result.Buses and all other commercial vehicles will not be allowed to ply from Andrews Ganj towards August Kranti Marg till the declaration of MCD election results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12702335", "title": "I don't mind if a man opens the door for me: Lillete Dubey", "text": "Lillete Dubey, who is busy staging her first ever Hindi play 'Adhe Adhure' by Mohan Rakesh in different cities says she is excited for it. \"I have never done a play in Hindi and I remember when I was in college, this was the first Hindi play I ever saw. Therefore, this play is very special to me.\" What made you do a Hindi play after almost two decades and Lillete says, \"The script is very good and it is a terrifically modern play and I rediscovered Hindi while doing this play. Though I haven't read enough Hindi literature but I must say, Hindi is a rich language.\"Lillete essays the role of Savitri (protagonist) in the play, who is the bread-earner of the family and a feminist icon and ask her is she is a feminist in her own life and she replies, \"I don't know if I am a feminist as feminist can be defined in different ways,\" but on International Women's Day, Lillete has a piece of advice for every woman. \"A woman's life is neither about getting married nor to find fulfillment through marriage but she needs to be an individual in her own right. I don't think we need to equal men but there should be no discrimination and we should get equal opportunities as men,\" explains Lillete.Yes, Lillete doesn't mind if a man pays her restaurant bill or opens the door for her. She says, \"Women have the responsibility to educate girl child and women can do everything- reach the South Pole, touch the sky because for us, nothing is impossible. For a woman, a sense of individuality is very important. I am okay if a man opens the door for me or pays the bill at a hotel, there's nothing wrong in it but as long as, there are equal opportunities for both, men and women, all is cool.\"Do you idolize any woman? \"I've never had idols but yes, I admire a lot of qualities in women like the compassion of Mother Teresa and the acting prowess of Meryl Streep but I don't want to be like anyone because I have my own individuality,\" shares Lillete.But, Lillete Dubey has a grouse. \"The Hindi film industry is still a male-dominated industry and rides on all the heroes. Though 'The Dirty Picture' was a tiny movement towards a women-centric film but such films come once in many years,\" rues Dubey, adding, \"Even strong supporting roles are written for actors like Anupam Kher, Naseeruddin Shah, Om Puri and not for female actors.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12698416", "title": "PCMC corporators give their wishlist to mayor", "text": "PUNE: Corporators from zone 'A' of the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) have demanded more junior engineers, plumbers and tanker drivers to address the water requirements of residents.Mayor Mohini Lande has convened zone-wise meetings of corporators and civic officials to discuss problems related to water supply. The first meeting was held on Monday for zone'A' at the Nigdi Pradhikaran office.Lande told TOI, \"The civic administration has been directed to dig bore wells in wards where the severity is more. Besides, they have been directed to provide plumbers, junior engineers and tanker drivers to zone 'A' as required.\"Swati Sane, a corporator from Chikhli, said, \"We receive water supply only once a day and that too at very low pressure. A water tank should be built for meeting the needs of the Patilnagar locality in Chikhli, which is located on a higher altitude. Bore wells should also be dug up.\"NCP corporators Datta Sane, Jagdish Shetty, Tanaji Khade and Shiv Sena's Sulabha Ubale and other corporators did not attend the meeting. Sane said, \"Meetings will not solve the problem. Decision-making is required.\"M T Kamble, joint city engineer and chief of water supply department with additional charge of city engineer, said, \"The water supply department has already conveyed its demand for more plumbers and junior engineers to the administration department. Corporators' demands for wells in their wards will be studied.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12697424", "title": "Thieves strike parked cars at Vagator beach on weekend", "text": "MAPUSA: Ten cell phones and other goods worth over 67,000 were stolen from two parked cars at Vagator beach on Sunday.The incident took place between 3.15pm and 5.30pm, when the thieves opened the door of the cars and decamped with the goods.Salil Samant, resident of Shetye Vaddo, Mapusa, had complained that unknown accused persons broke open the left, rear quarter glass, of the car and committed theft of four cell phones with SIM cards, a wallet containing debit cards of five banks, along with a credit card and his driving license.Samant also complained that the culprits opened the door of his colleague's car and stole six cell phones with SIMs, a wallet containing a driving license, cash of 3,000 and a car stereo. The car was parked in an open place at Vagator beach. The stolen property was worth 67,300.Anjuna police have registered the offence under Sections 427 and 379 of IPC and PSI Joan Fernandes is investigating the case.In another similar incident, Nilesh Chari of Ramnagar-Betim complained that unknown persons opened the front door of a car parked in an open parking place at Vagator beach and committed theft of two bags containing four cell phones with SIM cards, cash of 5000, a cheque book and an identity card all worth 25,000 belonging to him and his friend.Anjuna police has registered the offence under Section 379 of IPC.Head constable M N Panjikar is investigating the case, said police sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12697458", "title": "Suicides: Timely help for depressed can save lives", "text": "NOIDA: The spate of suicides in the last few weeks, all of which have been linked to depression by the police, has highlighted a disturbing trend. It has also thrown up the question of timely intervention in cases of patients suffering from clinical depression. In the past 10 days, at least five cases of suicide have been reported in the city. Preliminary reports say that four of the five had been disturbed.Clinical depression is mental disorder characterized by an all-encompassing low mood accompanied by low self-esteem and loss of interest or pleasure in normally enjoyable activities. It's a disabling condition that adversely affects a person's family, work or school life, and sleeping and eating habits, say doctors. According to doctors, almost 60% of all of the individuals who commit suicide suffer from depression. \"Timely intervention is absolutely critical in terms of dealing with patients with symptoms of depression. The problem in our country is that most people equate approaching a psychologist with being insane. They don't realize that it is not very different from going to another doctor,\" said Lavina Nanda, a Delhi-based psychologist.Doctors say hat when treating cases that relate to depression, apart from timely intervention the diagnoisis of the patient ultimately determines the approach for treatment.\"There are different ways of approaching a patient suffering from depression. It is essential that the treatment be suited to the individual's own specific problems and is not generalized,\" explained Rashmi Singh, counsellor, district hospital.There needs to be a consolidated framework within the state's health system to make sure that such tragic incidents don't take place, say doctors. People need to be more sensitized. \"It's very important to reduce stress levels among people of different ages, whether they are working or studying. Further, it's important that people are able to cope with the stress in a constructive manner. The government should provide sufficient infrastructure to deal with such patients. Families need to seek treatment as early as possible,\" said Dr Sameer Malhotra, head of psychiatry, Fortis, Noida.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12698479", "title": "Answer sheets go missing from Calicut University", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Scores of answer scripts have gone missing from the Calicut University, casting a shadow over the future prospects of many undergraduate, postgraduate, and students of professional courses.Faced with an embarrassing situation, the university has come up with a proposal that it will conduct special examinations 'free of cost' to the students.The disappearance of answer sheets from the university cellars came to light when the varsity launched an initiative to clear all the revaluation applications pending till December 31, 2011. It was subsequently found out that hundreds of applications for revaluation could not be processed as the answer papers were missing. C D Sebastian, controller of examinations (in- charge), told TOI that the answer scripts went missing over a period of time.\"The issue came to light when we took steps to clear all pending revaluation applications from 2001 onwards following a high court verdict. Over a hundred answer sheets have gone missing but we have taken steps to avoid such mistakes in the future,\" he said.Sebastian said the answer sheets which have gone missing belonged to BA, BSc, B Com, BTech and MBBS examinations and other courses. The failure to put in place a systematic valuation process in the past was cited as a reason for this by the official.\"There have been instances in which the examiners have not returned the answer scripts after evaluation. Also there is no proper system of storing answer sheets in the university cellars,\" he said.The controller said the varsity has streamlined the valuation process from January 1, 2012 onwards. Under the current process the revaluation of examination is guaranteed within 45 days of submitting the application.For the students who have been endlessly waiting for revaluation of their answer sheets, the varsity has asked those who have not obtained the revaluation results to contact the varsity at the earliest. \"We will conduct fresh examination and publish the result before May 30,\" Sebastian said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "washington/islamabad", "code": "12702104", "title": "US to press Pakistan to 'squeeze' Haqqani network: Hillary Clinton", "text": "WASHINGTON/ISLAMABAD: The United States has said that it will continue to press Islamabad to \"squeeze\" the al-Qaida linked Haqqani network, as Afghanistan blamed the Pakistan-based group for the latest brazen attacks in Kabul.Declaring \"there were indications of Haqqani involvement\" in the weekend attacks in the Afghan capital, secretary of state Hillary Clinton said that she had pressed Pakistan to \"squeeze\" the Haqqani network when she visited Islamabad last October.\"I will continue to make that point, and press it hard,\" Clinton was quoted by Fox News as telling reporters in the Brazilian capital Brasilia, where she described the Pakistan-based outfit as a \"determined foe\".Afghan interior minister Bismillah Mohammadi had told newsmen in Kabul that one of the militants arrested during the latest attacks on the Afghan capital and three other cities had told the authorities that al-Qaeda-linked Haqqani network was behind the assaults.The secretary of state said she had spoken to her Pakistani counterpart Hina Rabbani Khar to urge her for a commitment to work closely for peace and stability in Afghanistan and also discussed the recent terrorist attacks in Kabul.The telephonic talks between Clinton and Khar come a day ahead of a crucial meeting of Pakistan's top civilian and military leadership, who are expected to take a final decision on re-opening of logistic supply lines to Nato troops in Afghanistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12700614", "title": "Micro payment venture launched", "text": "RANCHI: The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard), Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) and National Payment Corporation of India have joined hands to start micro ATM-based payments to beneficiaries and have launched a pilot programme in the state to identify the practical impediments and come up with solutions.Executive director of Nabard, V Ramakrishna, led a study team to Porio village on Monday where Aadhaar-enabled micro payments for MGNREGA labourers have already begun.Prior to the field visit, Ramakrishna said Aadhaar numbers - along with core banking solution and biometric identification of individuals - have redefined payment options for the beneficiaries of government schemes through micro ATMs. \"We have decided to conduct a field study on how the entire programme runs so that the bottlenecks could be identified and removed when such payments are nationally linked to Aadhaar numbers,\" he said.The results of the study will be shared with the chairmen of five regional rural banks from different parts of the country. Bank of India regional manager Tarlochan Singh coordinated the visit with Ramakrishna as the team leader. The UIDAI officials were present to see if the Aadhaar number was effective in practically verifying the identity of individuals through the biometric information provided. Singh, in his welcome speech, said the banks would make additional efforts to conduct the financial inclusion drive. UIDAI deputy director general Rajesh Bansal gave details of UID-enabled accounts and called upon other banks to utilize the CBS-enabled quick identification platform for instant payments.The programme will be followed by a two-day conference on Aadhaar-enabled quick payment of government subsidy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "12700963", "title": "'Meghalaya PSUs incurring losses'", "text": "SHILLONG: Majority of public sector undertakings (PSUs) in the state have been incurring losses, the latest report of the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) of India has revealed.Out of 11 working PSUs in the state, only the Meghalaya Government Construction Corporation Limited earned a profit of Rs 0.87 crore, while the remaining 10 PSUs incurred losses of Rs97.83 crore during the year 2010-11, as per the CAG report,which was recently tabled in the state Assembly.Most losses were incurred by Meghalaya Industrial Development Corporation Limited (Rs 25.07 crore), Mawmluh Cherra Cements Limited (Rs 12.54 crore) and Meghalaya State Electricity Board (Rs 56.42 crore), the report said.According to the report, the losses of working PSUs were mainly attributable to deficiencies in financial management, planning, implementation of projects, operations and monitoring. As on March 31, 2011, Meghalaya had 11 working PSUs, including nine companies and two statutory corporations, besides two non-working companies, which employed 4,989 workers, the report said.\"The working PSUs registered a turnover of Rs 457.06 crore for 2010-11 as per their latest finalized accounts as of September, 2011,\" CAG noted, adding that this turnover w as equal to 3.03% of state Gross Domestic Product, indicating a \"moderate role\" played by state PSUs in the economy. \"However, the state working PSUs incurred an overall loss of Rs 96.96 crore in the aggregate for 2010-11,\" the report said.As on March 31, 2011, of the total investment in state PSUs, 99.65% was in working PSUs and the remaining 0.35% in two non-working PSUs. \"This totalinvestment consisted of 28.72% towards capital and 71.28% in long-term loans. The investment has increased over 76.69% from Rs 896.80 crore in 2005-06 to Rs 1584.53 crore in 2010-11,\" the CAG report said.A review of latest audit reports of CAG shows that the state PSUs incurred losses to the tune of Rs 66.43 crore and unprofitable investment of Rs 6.66 crore, which were controllable with better management. \"There is tremendous scope to improve the functioning of PSUs and minimize losses,\" the report remarked, adding that the quality of accounts of PSUs needed improvement.The CAG report also revealed that as on March 31, 2011, none of the PSUs in the state were listed on the stock exchange.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12697645", "title": "Infant's body goes missing from crematorium", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Parents of a newborn baby girl have claimed that body of their five-day-old was dug up and stolen by unidentified persons. They have lodged a complaint with Shaherkotda police. Police roped in forensic science experts and dog squad to know whether the girl's body was dug up by dogs or it was the handiwork of tantriks as claimed by the family.According to police, Kailash Prajapati, 40, and his wife Santosh, residents of Ramdevnagar, Bapunagar, were blessed with a girl child on April 11 at Shardaben Hospital. However, it was a premature delivery and right from the birth, the girl, named Nandini by the couple, had showed symptoms of breathlessness. The doctors tried to save her but she died during treatment on Sunday at the hospital. Prajapati buried the girl at Chamunda crematorium and marked the site with a stone weighing two-kilogram. \"As per Prajapati's complaint, when he along with his relatives went to the crematorium to offer milk as per the ritual on Monday morning, they were shocked to find the grave dug up and the stone flung a few feet away. The flowers and a red cloth offered to her were also missing . They tried to argue with the caretakers who told them that it might be possible that dogs have dug it up. We have roped in experts to know the truth,\" said a Shaherkotda police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12699664", "title": "Overvaluation scam: big traders involved", "text": "SURAT: Further investigation in the overvaluation of rough stones worth Rs 18 crore imported from Hong Kong (HK) by Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) has revealed the involvement of big diamond traders working hand-in-glove with the accused.After three-day long investigation, DRI got a shocking information on Sunday that none of the accused, on whose names the rough diamond consignments valued at the original market price of Rs 5 crore were imported from HK, was associated with the diamond industry, either manufacturing or jewellery.Sources said investigation revealed that the accused were working hand-in-glove with some diamond traders and that the rough diamond consignments were imported from HK to get easy bank finance and divert the huge amount into the real estate and other businesses.The accused were operating the overvaluation scam for the last few years and were paid a huge commission money by the diamond traders. While the rough diamonds imported from Dubai and HK were sold in the diamond market, the bank finance received on the overvalued amount was used for financing in the industry and investment in the real estate and other sectors.\"There are a few big diamond traders behind this rough stone overvaluation scam. Though their names are nowhere mentioned on the documents, but they were taking benefit of easy bank finance. We are keeping a close vigil on the movements of the diamond traders,\" a DRI officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12700323", "title": "Cloth merchant's employee looted of Rs 7 lakh cash", "text": "KANPUR: Two motorcycle borne miscreants, looted an employee of cloth merchant of cash worth Rs 7 lakh in the Cantt police station limits here on Monday. Police have registered a case and started investigation.According to police, Shivraj Singh, a resident of Nehru Nagar and an employee cum accountant of a cloth firm located in Generalganj, was deprived of cash when he reached near Juhari Devi Girls Degree college.Shivraj Singh said that he had received Rs 7 lakh from a trader in Lucknow who owed money to his firm. He was returning to his shop in Generalganj when two motor-cycle borne miscreants looted him on gun-point.The incident created panic in the area. The police is now thoroughly investigating the matter. A senior police official investigating the matter said that we are even looking Shivraj Singh with suspicion and working on every single detail.Interestingly, the incident took place near a police-picket and in full public view.DIG, Amitabh Yash said, \"We are investigating the case and have got certain vital clues. I am sure that we will be able to crack the case very soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12698236", "title": "Youth poses as Ashoka's son, held", "text": "BANGALORE: A 23-year-old youth's bid to pass off as home minister R Ashoka's son at the IPL match between Bangalore and Rajasthan teams on Sunday landed him and his friend in police custody.Police said S Umesh alias Rakesh Gowda alias Rakesh, son of Shivanna, of Jayanagar IX Block, managed to get passes claiming to be Ashoka's son. \"He was successful once earlier. This time too he obtained passes worth Rs 55,000 and entered the P-2 box of the stadium with his friend B Varun alias Satish of Mantri Tranquil apartments, Kanakapura Road, on Sunday night. But he was caught during a routine check by Cubbon Park police,\" DCP (central) B R Ravikanthe Gowda.\"Varun seems to have given him the idea of sneaking into the pavilion by posing as a VIP's son,\" he said.The check which exposed Rakesh was taken up because earlier in the day, Abdullah, 22, from Shivajinagar, gained entry into the stadium using a fake ticket. \"We suspected that some more persons may have gained entry clandestinely. During the random checks, our attention was drawn to Umesh because of his gregarious ways. Without any hesitation, he told us he was the home minister's son,\" the officer.Police said both youths were rather flamboyant and Varun even carried a sleek mobile phone to impress others about his connections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12702707", "title": "MLA abduction: Maoists issue another ultimatum to Odisha govt", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Maoists holding ruling BJD MLA Jhina Hikaka hostage since March 24 have asked the Odisha government to clearly spell out by 5pm today the steps being taken by it to free 29 prisoners to pave way for the legislator's release tomorrow.In a fresh message to the media, the Andhra Odisha Border Special Zonal Committee (AOBSZC) said the state government must make its stand clear by 5p, whether it was interested in getting the 37-year-old Laxmipur MLA freed.\"If the state government makes an official announcement about steps being taken to free 29 prisoners by 5pm today and if it is to our satisfaction, the MLA would be released by the deadline of 5pm tomorrow,\" the message said.If the government was insisting on bail route for release of the jailed rebels, it should take steps to expedite the process instead of buying time, it said.\"If the state government dithers on this issue, it will be held responsible for the consequences,\" the message said adding that the MLA is safe as of now.Koraput-based lawyer Nihar Ranjan Patnaik, who fights cases of Maoists and Chasi Mulia Adivasi Sangha members backed by them, said the government should give a clear message.\"The new message from Maoists should be considered as an ultimatum as I feel they would not wait further,\" he said.\"I spoke to the MLA. He is all right but worried over his captivity. Though they have not harmed him so far, I don't know what will happen after the deadline is over,\" he said.The abductors had earlier fixed 5 PM tomorrow as the deadline for fulfilment of their demands while dropping the name of Chenda Bhusanam alias Ghasi, accused of killing 55 policemen, from the list of rebels sought to be freed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12698007", "title": "After Super-30 comes CPT-20 for commerce students", "text": "PATNA: After Super-30, which coaches meritorious but poor students for cracking IIT-JEE, Bihar has got an educational assistance centre on a similar model, this time for commerce students. A city commerce teacher, BP Roy, has founded CPT-20 to prepare meritorious and financially weak students of Bihar to crack the prestigious chartered accountancy (CA) entry-level examination, Common Proficiency Test (CPT). The first batch of CPT-20 started here on April 13.\"The objective behind starting this centre is to guide 20 students of commerce after completing their schooling. Normally, a large number of such students go to other parts of the country for coaching,\" said Roy, who is the winner of the prestigious CBSE award for excellence in teaching. He emphasized, \"We aim to establish commerce as a viable alternative subject and help students explore career options in it.\"\"This is purely a non-profit programme. The selected students are not required to pay any fee and we even provide them books. None of the teachers involved in this venture get any salary,\" said Roy, who funds the institute on his own.\"We admit meritorious students who can't afford private coaching for this purpose. The admission drive was launched six months back, covering all the schools of Patna,\" said Roy, who leads a panel of seven teachers, including Mathew Lukose, Maharana, NK Sinha, Raj Kumar Jha, LM Das and RK Poddar.The first batch, having an equal number of girls and boys, is ready to leave no stone unturned to qualify the examination with flying colours. \"Our teachers are working very hard with us. We will give our best to perform as per their expectations,\" said one of the students, Priyanka Goyal. \"The general perception is that good students don't opt for commerce. I hope to break that notion with the encouragement given by these teachers. I am confident that I shall do well under their astute guidance,\" said another student, Apoorva, who is a topper of his school.Roy, who has a teaching experience of 19 years, plans to open more centres on a similar model for commerce students, \"We plan to begin CS-20 next year to give coaching to students for entry-level examination of company secretary. We will also begin a batch of CLAT-20 this July and admit students who are interested in law,\" said Roy, adding \"If we get good response for these courses, we will launch IPCC-20 for students pursing CA.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12698146", "title": "Huge crowds expected at temple festival", "text": "TRICHY: Preparations are in place for the big Tuesday in Samayapuram, when devotees streaming to the famous Mariamman temple will participate in the annual car procession festival. The district collector has already declared Tuesday a local holiday, and the rural police have made elaborate arrangements to receive an estimated 2.5 lakh devotees on that day.Coming close on the heels of the March 11 Poochoriyal (ritual sprinkling of flowers over the idol of the presiding deity), the Chithirai car festival has added significance, and the temple is one of the largest crowd-pullers in the region. The famed car festival is the culmination of the 10-day annual festival that started on April 8 with the hoisting of the temple flag. On the first flag-hoisting day, the Amman, the Urchavar, appeared before the gold mast as early as 5 am, and after the recitation of Ganapathy Homam, the Chithirai Thiruvizha flag was hoisted by the priests, known locally as Sivachariars.During the nine days, the Amman appeared in various avatars to bless her devotees. On the eighth day of Sunday, the Urchavar came on a wooden horse, and on Monday, the Amman came in a procession on a silver horse. On the culminating 10th day, Tuesday, the Amman will start from her abode at 10 am, reaching her car around 10.30 am. The devotees will start pulling the car around 11.15 at Mithuna Lagna (Gemini Ascendant) taking the Amman through the streets.Meanwhile, thousands of devotees from the neighbouring districts including Salem, Namakkal, Thanjavur and Pudukottai kept pouring into the village, situated on the Trichy-Chennai highway, doing the annual penance of piercing their tongues and cheeks. This year the temple will sport a new appearance due to renovation work, and the extended praharam will be available to pilgrims this season, said an HR &amp; CE official. As many as 1,090 police personnel and 150 home guards have been deployed at the temple premises, and 55 water tanks have been installed, starting from Tollgate near Trichy to the temple.Temporary bus stops have been created at four different places, and surveillance cameras have been set up at 10 places, said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12702048", "title": "MBA student, 25-year-old youth commit suicide in city", "text": "INDORE: In two separate suicides of similar nature, a 25-year-old MBA student reportedly ended his life by hanging himself at his hostel room in Vidya Nagar and a man depressed over his wife's reluctance to live with his family members also hanged himself at his residence on Monday. According to police, Ravi Jain, son of Vimal Kumar Jain was found hanging in his room in Vidya Nagar under the jurisdiction Bhanwarkuan police station on Monday morning. Police said Ravi, an MBA student, was a native of Sehore. He was pursuing an MBA course at a local college in the city. The friend of the deceased identified as Rahul informed the police about the incident.The friend said that he had called up Ravi on his cell phone in the morning. On receiving no reply from the other end despite repeated efforts, Rahul went to Ravi's room only to find him hanging from the ceiling.Police said that the reason for Ravi to resort to the extreme step was not yet to be known as no suicide note was found in the room.In the second incident, one Trilok Chand Badodia, 25, was found hanging from the ceiling of the room at his residence. The body was first seen his family members when they had gone to wake him up on Monday morning. He was a resident of Sethi Nagar. Police quoting his family members said that Trilok was upset over wife's refusal to stay with family members. He married from Balda some six months ago and his wife returned to her parents just a few days after the marriage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12697210", "title": "19-year-old ends life", "text": "NAGPUR: A second year commerce student ended life on Sunday at his Indira Mata Nagar residence over reasons unknown. Sumadh Malik was found hanging in his room from the ceiling fan. His suicide note revealed that he was upset with his father, a private car driver, whom he could not make happy.Sumadh was rushed to a local hospital after being spotted by the family but was declared dead. MIDC police has registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "faridabad", "code": "12697023", "title": "1 killed, 2 hurt in Faridabad wedding spat", "text": "FARIDABAD: A wedding venue turned into a bloody battlefield in Faridabad after the kin of the bride and groom clashed on Sunday. The groom's elder brother died in the violence.Two sisters were scheduled to get married to Pradeep and Ajay, respectively, in Sanjay Colony. As the ceremonies were to be performed at the same venue, it was decided that one wedding would take place during the day and the other at night.However, the family alleged that the father of the brides did not keep his word and the second wedding procession arrived just as the ceremony for Pradeep' wedding began. This led to an altercation between the brides' family and that of Pradeep.Soon sparks flew and it snowballed into an ugly fight with Pradeep's elder brother, Indrajeet. He was allegedly beaten up with a burning log of wood which led to his death. Two others were also injured in the fight.None of the weddings took place. Sources said two cousins of the bride have been booked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12696615", "title": "Trial of Geelani aide in hawala racket to begin on Tuesday", "text": "NEW DELHI: The trial of a close aide of Hurriyat hardliner Syed Ali Shah Geelani and three others for allegedly running a hawala racket to fund terrorism is likely to commence on Tuesday. The failure of prosecution witnesses to appear before the court forced District Judge (DJ) H S Sharma to defer the trial to Tuesday.The court on March 3 had framed charges against Ghulam Mohd Bhat, alleged to be a close aide of Geelani, Mohd Siddiq Ganai, Ghulam Jeelani Liloo and Farooq Ahmed Dagga under various sections of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act. The National Investigation Agency last year had filed a chargesheet against the four accused, indicting them for procuring over Rs 4.57 crore from Pakistan through hawala channels within three years after 2008 for funding terrorist activities in the Kashmir Valley.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "12700787", "title": "Peace appeal to Naga groups on NBCC anniversary", "text": "Kohima: Angami Public Organization (APO) has appealed to Naga political organizations and underground groups not to disturb the Nagaland Baptist Church Council (NBCC) platinum jubilee celebrations, scheduled to be held from April 19 to 22 on the theme of \"One New Humanity in Christ\" here.APO President K Neingunyu Sekhose said during the celebration, all \"warring Naga political groups\" should reconcile and come together to \"cohesively\" work towards \"Naga political aspiration\". The APO said all citizens of Nagaland, Christians or non-Christians, should support and co-operate during such occasions.\"It is evident that the NBCC and the Naga church leaders are doing their best and all it takes to make this occasion the grandest of success is the participation of Christians from all over Nagaland, besides having enlightened personalities and church leaders from around the globe,\" the APO release said.The APO said it would cooperate with district administration and various government departments in maintaining civic amenities. The four-day conference is expected to see participation of a large number of delegates, including several from abroad.NBCC president, Keviyiekielie Linyu, said preservation of identity of the Nagas, ushering in education in Naga society and the role played towards establishment of peace between India and the Naga underground groups were the three major achievements of the church.Talking about the advent of Christianity in Nagaland and the subsequent formation of the NBCC on April 5, 1937, Linyu said since its inception, six general secretaries and 27 presidents have served the council. There are now 20 full-fledged associations and four associate member associations affiliated to the NBCC with 1,553 churches and over 5 lakh baptised members.The platinum jubilee celebrations will begin with the inauguration of the Convention Centre by Nagaland chief minister Neiphiu Rio on April 19. An 85-member Platinum Choir will present the theme song on the opening evening service, written by Ajeen Longchari and composed by Khyochano TCK Ngully.NBCC general secretary Anjo Keikung said invitations have been sent out to partner countries of Thailand, Denmark, Japan and the United States of America, who would be sending delegates for the celebration, along with various states in India and Baptist associations of the Northeast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12702960", "title": "Border security policy is not foolproof: RSS chief", "text": "RAJKOT: RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat has said that terrorists can enter India easily because the country's \"border security policy'' is not foolproof. \"Our defence forces are capable of meeting any security challenge, but our border security policy is not foolproof and therefore terrorists can enter India easily,\" Bhagwat said, addressing RSS workers at Virani High School ground in Rajkot on Monday night.Referring to the issue of shortages of weapons and ammunition raised by the Army chief V K Singh recently, Bhagwat said, \"In spite of limited weapons, our army is strong enough and has won the difficult Kargil war. The success in the Kargil war has now become a \"study-case\" for analysts in many countries.\" Quoting Supreme Court's directions to identify and deport illegal migrants, he said, \"Due to our policy, our government has failed to find out those who are staying in the country illegally, while Naxalites are taking advantage of the government's talk of peace.\"Countries such as Japan and Israel had progressed rapidly despite unfavourable conditions, he said, adding that Japan suffered two nuclear bomb attacks, while Israel had to fight a war soon after becoming independent. In comparison, India could not progress well enough, though circumstances were favourable, he said. \"Nation's resurgence can be achieved only by reestablishment of Hindutva,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12696337", "title": "Ramadoss brother gets bail in murder case", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Monday granted bail to S Seenivasan, brother of PMK founder Dr S Ramadoss and a main accused in the murder of minister C Ve Shanmugam's aide Muruganandham.Granting conditional bail to Seenivasan, Justice M M Sundresh asked him to sign before the George Town police daily at 10.30am until further orders. He was asked to execute a personal bond for Rs 10,000 and furnish two sureties for a similar amount to the satisfaction of the Chengalpet chief judicial magistrate. Seenivasan was arrested on January 25, 2012.On May 8, 2006, an armed gang attacked AIADMK minister Shanmugam and his supporters. While Shanmugam, who was the AIADMK candidate at Tindivanam, hid under a car, Muruganandham was hacked to death by the gang.Noting that the bail order would not preclude the CBI from seeking the court's permission to conduct further inquiry, Justice Sundresh said the central agency, however, had not made any request so far. The judge said Seenivasan's custodial interrogation was over and that a chargesheet too had been filed. He further stated that there was nothing to suggest that he might tamper with evidence and witnesses and that he would abscond if enlarged on bail. The final report names 22 people, including Seenivasan and Shanmugam's poll rival N M Karunanidhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12699582", "title": "Religious mushaira on April 21", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Under the auspices of Anjumane Asghariya Muwwayya Sadat, Handia, a grand religious Mushaira and Qaseedakhani will be held at its ancestral Imambada in the same village on April 21.Poets including Razi Biswani, Meesum Gopalpuri, Sharar Sambhli, Ifham Utraulvi, Asad Nasirabadi, Nayab Balliavi and others poets will recite newly formed verses.According to the representative of the organisation Waseemul Hasan teacher leader Syed Azadar Husain will address the congregation on the given topic \"Bravery and Tolerance\". Maulana Syed Samar Kazmi Muzaffar Nagar will be the chief guest. Dr Syed Rizwan Haider Rizvi will be the main orator while Syed Reyasat Husain will preside over the function to be organised in memory of Imam Zainul Abedin AS, son of Hazrat Imam Husain Alaihissalam. Anis Rizvi Jaise will conduct the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12701463", "title": "Charan\u2019s Hindi surprises the Zanjeer team", "text": "At a time when Bollywood has been going gaga over South ramakes, actor Ram Charan Tej has taken a different route, a bold step by foraying into Bollywood with a remake of yesteryear hit \" Zanjeer\" that had made Amitabh Bachchan the 'angry young man'.Stepping into Big B's shoes, Charan had to do something about his Hindi. Though Charan's character has been reportedly etched in such a manner that he does not have to speak much, the actor on his own begun to take Hindi lessons. And now we hear that he has indeed managed to surprise the \"Zanjeer\" team with his flawless Hindi, when the first leg of shooting began in Mumbai recently. In this remake, Charan is paired opposite Priyanka Chopra , who is reprising Jaya Bachchan's role in the original.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12698389", "title": "UK party suspends peer over bounty on Obama", "text": "LONDON: A British Labour peer of Pakistani origin, Lord Nazir Ahmed , was suspended by the party on Sunday night for offering a \u00a310 million \"bounty\" for the capture of United States president Barack Obama while visiting Pakistan. The party also announced an inquiry into the peer's alleged offer.While Lord Ahmed denied that he had announced a \"bounty\" , he said all that he had called for was the prosecution of former British PM Tony Blair and former US president George W Bush for war crimes.The Labour party suspended Ahmed on the basis of a report in the Pakistani daily , Express Tribune, which said he made the remarks at a reception in Haripur, Pakistan , on Friday last. He was speaking in response to the cash award announced by the US earlier this month for nabbing Lashkar-e-Taiba chief Hafiz Saeed, whom the Indian government describes as the mastermind of Mumbai attacks in November 2008.A Labour spokesperson said, \"We have suspended Lord Ahmed pending investigation . If these comments are accurate, we utterly condemn these remarks, which are totally unacceptable. The international community is rightly doing all in its power to seek justice for the victims of the Mumbai bombings.\"Ahmed said, \"I never said those words. I did not offer a bounty. I said that there have been war crimes in Iraq and Afghanistan and those people who have strong allegations against them - George W Bush and Tony Blair - have been involved in illegal wars and should be brought to justice . I do not think there's anything wrong with that.\"He was surprised that Labour had suspended him, and challenged the party to provide evidence.Express Tribune recorded that Ahmed described the US bounty on Saeed as \"an insult to all Muslims\" . He reportedly said, \"If the US can announce a reward of $10 million for the capture of Hafiz Saeed, I can announce a bounty of \u00a310 million on president Obama and his predecessor George Bush.\" He said he was even ready to sell his house to fund it if necessary, the newspaper said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12698060", "title": "Medieval ritual 'ensures' safety at swimming pool", "text": "COIMBATORE: Sreerudracharan (4) and his relatives have come to the corporation swimming pool in Gandhi Park near RS Puram, to frolick in the shallow end. But they can't enter immediately. First, a ritual has to be completed.Every Monday, a rooster is sacrificed at the pool before swimmers are allowed in.\"We have to be careful as a lot of people, including children, use it,\" said M Saamithangam, the contractor. While the contractor and his employees claim this primitive ritual is to ensure there are no untoward incidents in the pool, animal rights activists and others are opposing it.The pool, usually open from 6am to 6pm, opens late on Mondays. After the water is changed, A rooster is brought to a place on the premises where a plantain leaf is spread and incense sticks and camphor lit. One employee slits the throat of the rooster and hands it to another who runs around the pool with the bird, leaving a trail of blood.\"Only then are swimmers are allowed in. It brings good luck to the pool and the people using it. We later cook the bird and eat it,\" said S Alagesan, one of the six employees at the pool, even as children waiting at the entrance grimaced.The shallow end of the 62x22 feet pool is 4 feet deep with water up to 3.5 feet while the depth at the other end is 12 feet. City residents can swim for an hour for Rs 10, while Rs 30 is charged from those who need 'trainers,' actually teens from the nearby flower market area.\"The summer is too hot and a quick swim is very relaxing. I usually make it a point to come here once in a week during this season,\" said Mohammed Iqbal , a private firm employee.However, the ritual has evoked strong reactions from animal right activists. Sacrifice of animals and birds such as roosters is banned under the Tamil Nadu Animal and Birds Sacrifice Prohibition Act 1950.\"The mindset of people has to change. It is not appropriate to kill animals without any valid reason,' said K Mohanraj, animal rights activist and environmentalist.The contract awarded by the corporation for maintaining the pool will expire next month, and fresh tenders are expected to be called. The pool is the most crowded during April and May and is usually not in a proper condition during the rest of the year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12696581", "title": "Rs 5 lakh compensation for medical negligence", "text": "CHENNAI: A family which lost its 52-year-old breadwinner after botched surgeries has been awarded 5 lakh compensation for medical negligence.For 52-year-old R Venkataraman, a medical representative from Salem, being admitted for stomach pain at Kiruba Hospital, Salem, in November 2002 turned out to be a life-threatening ordeal, as he ended up undergoing laparoscopy and two open surgeries within eight days, but to little avail, as his condition did not improve.After this, his surgical wound was left half open for 40 days to allow excess fluid, which was built up inside, to drain. This, combined with the pus and infection that formed around a food pipe inserted into the left side of his stomach for 26 days, weakened his condition considerably. He became stable only after he was removed from the hospital and underwent two corrective surgeries in Chennai. But Venkataraman collapsed the day he was finally discharged on March 30, 2003, as he developed breathing difficulties and low blood pressure, and died.A complaint was filed before the state consumer disputes' redressal commission (SCDRC) in the name of his wife Lalitha, a homemaker, and children Ramachandran and Priyanka, charging authorities of Kiruba Hospital with gross medical negligence. Now, the SCDRC has passed an order in their favour, directing the hospital to pay 5 lakh as compensation to the family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12697914", "title": "Sub-registrar suspended for Foreign Exchange Management Act violations", "text": "PANAJI: The government on Monday suspended civil registrar cum sub-registrar for Ilhas taluka, Asha Kamat, following an ongoing vigilance department inquiry which found prima facie FEMA violations by her.Kamat, who was earlier posted at Vasco, was facing a complaint regarding purchase of land in Goa by foreigners.In one such case, a plot admeasuring 4,600 sq m of agricultural land at Chorao was purchased by an NRI but Kamat, as Ilhas civil registrar cum sub-registrar, had not properly scrutinized the documents.Sources said that among other things, she had not checked for valid permissions from the Reserve Bank of India for the purchase of the land by the NRI.The transaction dates back to the year 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "12696530", "title": "Swine flu: 2 test positive", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Two more persons tested positive for H1N1 influenza here on Monday. A 23-year-old pregnant woman of Sabbavaram and a 26-year-old person of Kancharapalem area in the city have been battling the disease for the past few days. The cases were confirmed on Monday. The pregnant woman's condition is said to be critical.A week ago, an eight month pregnant woman of Gajuwaka died of swine flu, registering the first death due to the flu in Vizag. Unconfirmed reports said minister Ghanta Srinivasa Rao too is down with swine flu. The minister did not take part in the Prajapatham programme in the district on Sunday but later clarified that he had been suffering from viral fever.District swine flu coordinator Dr L B S H Devi said the H1N1 virus suddenly turned active during the last week of March and started spreading in April, probably due to changes in the climate.As a result, those exhibiting symptoms like cold, fever and throat infection are rushing to the communicable diseases hospital in the city.The district medical and health officer G Savitri said they have started surveillance activity and would take up an awareness campaign in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "gondia ", "code": "12697892", "title": "Two killed in SUV-bike mishap", "text": "GONDIA : Two persons were killed in an accident between an SUV and a motorcycle near Panjara in Tiroda tehsil on Sunday. Both the vehicles caught fire after the mishap.The SUV Mahindra Xylo carrying six persons was heading for Tiroda from Nagpur. Near Panjara, it collided with a bike, carrying three persons. Sources said, the impact of the collision was such that bike got stuck between the front wheels of SUV and was dragged with it. The petrol tank of the bike came in contact with road and it caught fire due to friction. Both vehicles were completely gutted.Of the three bike riders, Vasant Bantey (27) and Pradeep Mahakal (40) of Mundikota village of Tiroda died. Bantey died on the spot while Mahakal breathed his last on way to hospital. All six occupants of the SUV escaped unhurt. The third person on the bike Ramu Gabhane (30) of Mundikota was injured. Offence was registered against Y Lilhare.Salekasa BDO suspendedThe block development officer of Salekasa PS RM Suke was suspended by city divisional commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12696871", "title": "Will Akhilesh Yadav bail out Sonia Gandhi's projects?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Will Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav oblige after Mayawati persistently stalled key projects in Sonia Gandhi's Rae Bareli? With the BSP supremo no longer UP CM, the Centre is set to petition her replacement to sanction 50 acres of land in Rae Bareli for an elite institute for pharmaceutical research.The dalit czarina refused free land for the project in the Gandhi family borough as part of a calculated bid to deny the Congress chief a chance to score with her constituents.According to sources, Union minister for chemicals and fertilizers Alagiri is likely to write to Akhilesh to seek his \"personal intervention\" to ensure the campus for a 'National Institute of Pharmaceutical Education and Research' gets off the ground. Sources said the letter is likely to be sent this week.The change of guard would thus mark a renewed engagement after tense, stalemated relations between Delhi and Lucknow during the BSP regime.Mayawati had refused to give the nod to projects in Amethi and Rae Bareli, arguing these VIP seats could not be pampered at the cost of the rest of state.The relatively poor results for Congress in the Gandhi boroughs might have added to a sense of urgency to get the projects going well ahead of the next Lok Sabha polls due in 2014.The BSP chief stalled several projects with her resistance to a rail coach factory bringing the Congress chief to take to the streets in protest and threaten that she would go to jail if the state's attitude did not change.Though politically, Samajwadis would relish the discomfort caused to the Gandhis as much as Mayawati, since the SP-Congress battle will be renewed in the 2014 Lok Sabha polls, Congress's poor performance in the family fief may nudge Akhilesh to seek some brownie points himself as SP has done well in the area.Improved vibes between Congress and Samajwadis after a bitterly contested election, evident in the meeting of the young CM with PM Manmohan Singh on Saturday, have rekindled hopes of cooperation.The facilitation of big projects in the Gandhi family borough could be the first test of functioning relations between Delhi and Lucknow, given that the issue became the reason for breakdown of ties with BSP.A responsive SP may, however, force Delhi to respond to requests from Samajwadis which could be much more \"demanding\".Congress and Mulayam Singh Yadav share an ambivalent relationship. While SP's 22 MPs in Parliament count, especially in the coming presidential polls, the impending face-off in Lok Sabha polls is always lurking in the background.At the heart of the stalemate over the elite NIPER is 50 acres of land. While UP was granted the institute on the condition it would provide the land free, Mayawati played truant. The state housing minister wrote to the Centre on January 21, 2011, that the existing policy did not allow UP State Industrial Development Corporation to give free land for NIPER.Days later, Union pharmaceuticals secretary wrote to the chief secretary to facilitate land so that NIPER could open but failed to make headway. NIPER is running from a rented accommodation taken from ITI Limited, Rae Bareli which sources said was \"hampering its growth\".Alagiri is likely to stress the issue by saying that his ministry has to surrender plan funds allocated for construction of NIPER campus every year in the absence of land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12697916", "title": "Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission to hear Spanco case on May 3", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) has finally admitted a petition against power franchisees appointed by state-run power distributor MSEDCL and scheduled the hearing on May 3. The admissibility hearing was held on September 29, last year.Consumer organization MRVGS had filed a petition against the franchisee system, claiming that it was illegal as there was no provision for franchisees in urban areas in Electricity Act, 2003. The Act only provided for franchisees in rural areas.Another petition was filed which challenged the terms and conditions of the contract signed between MSEDCL and Nagpur power franchisee, Spanco Ltd. This case, too, would be heard on May 3 simultaneously.Pratap Hogade, president of Maharashtra Rajya Veej Grahak Sangathana (MRVGS), recently submitted a rejoinder mentioning the observations of Planning Commission sub-committee on the power sector and the recommendations of V S Shunglu committee regarding franchisee system.The Planning Commission committee, in its report, categorically stated that a distribution franchisee could not be appointed in urban areas as per the Act. Shunglu committee suggested that in high loss areas a distribution licensee should be appointed instead. The private company will have to seek a power distribution license from the concerned state electricity regulatory commission for the designated area. The Shunglu committee also recommended framing of a model agreement so that the operator's functioning would be smooth and there would be no legal grey areas.Hogade contended in the rejoinder that in the present franchisee model, MERC had no control over the MSEDCL's franchisee and the private operator had no checks and balances. If the private operator became a licensee, then it would become accountable to the MERC.Earlier, on September 29, R B Goenka of Vidarbha Industries Association (VIA), had contended that MSEDCL's franchisee was acting as a trader of electricity without having a license for the same.He pointed out that the franchisee was purchasing power from MSEDCL at rates decided by MSEDCL and then selling it to consumers, which was patently illegal.MSEDCL's franchisees have become controversial as two of them - Spanco (Nagpur) and GTL (Aurangabad) - owe crores of rupees to the company. Bhiwandi franchisee Torrent has been accused of other irregularities. MSEDCL had planned to appoint many more franchisees but apparently has decided to hold the process for some time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12696679", "title": "Experts in city to draw up plans for conserving tombs", "text": "HYDERABAD: A conservation team from the Aga Khan Trust for Culture (AKTC) arrived in the city on Monday to begin a comprehensive study of the Qutub Shahi Tombs. The trust had last year come forward to take up restoration and conservation works to ensure that the tombs bag the coveted Unesco World Heritage Site tag.The nine-member team that includes a renowned lime-mortar conservation expert is scheduled to undertake a topographical study of the area and map it. The experts will also look into details of the structures, pathways and landscape to assess the condition of the complex and suggest conservation measures keeping in mind guidelines laid down by Unesco. The team will draft a 'master management plan' for conservation and maintenance after the inspection and subsequently adopt the monument under the 'Adopt a monument' scheme, sources said.\"Restoration of the complex through traditional methods will be suggested. The inspection is likely to be completed by April 28. After the plan is drawn up, the trust will, in all likelihood, adopt the heritage complex for conservation. The cost of restoration and upkeep of the monument will then be borne by the trust,\" said a source. When contacted, trust officials maintained it was too early to say if the trust will take up conservation works. Director, projects, AKTC, Ritesh Nanda said a decision can only be taken after the study. \"The mapping will give us a better understanding of the monuments as adequate documented information that could assist with conservation is not available. While this exercise may reveal the quantum of conservation required it is too early to say if the trust will take up the works,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12700740", "title": "Sofia's phones are jinxed", "text": "In the last three months, model-turned-actor Sofia Hayat has lost two phones. Most recently, Sofia misplaced her cellphone on her way to Maldives. \"Ok, in 3 months I have lost 2 phones, left the last one in the toilet at an airport in Kerala, on my way to the Maldives.So here I am in paradise, no phone, a bit worried, but hey, when in paradise why worry? The spa resort is unbelieveable. When I arrived I was greeted by 40 dolphins dancing in the waves. I was on the boat here and there they were. In the morning I saw a black tip shark on my way to breakfast. Breakfast of tropical fruits and ayurvedic tonic, while I was overlooking a turquoise beach and white sand. Gym in 2 hrs, followed by diving, then a nice massage with one of the top masseurs in the world in reiki and cranio then cocktails and dinner in the lagoon. Oh! Did I say my house is on the sea with a private dining area, and a enclosed plunge sea, not pool, sea in my house! What phone?\" she had tweeted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12697975", "title": "Approach Ministry of Environment and Forests for mining: Supreme Court to Metro", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court today asked the Jaipur Metro Development Authority to seek permission from the Ministry of Environment and Forests for carrying out sand mining from river bed for its metro rail project.A special forest bench of justices K S Radhakrishnan and C K Prasad said the MoEF shall consider within 10 days any application moved by the metro corporation for excavating sand from the river bed. The apex court passed the direction after Attorney General G E Vahanvati told the bench that the project development had been adversely affected after the Rajasthan High Court recently restrained any type of mining activities from Banas river.The Attorney General said the high court had passed the order on the basis of the apex court's February 27 order which stated that any mining in the state including rivers would be subject to clearance from MoEF. He urged the court to permit the corporation to excavate the smooth and soft quality of sand required for the metro project which was available only available from the river bed. Counsel appearing for the MoEF said the ministry was willing to examine the corporation's plea if an application is made before it.The bench then granted the metro corporation liberty to file a proper application before the MoEF which it said the latter shall consider within 10 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12700575", "title": "Girls develop anti-theft application for cellphone", "text": "MYSORE: Three engineering students of GSSS Institute of Engineering and Technology for Women here have developed a unique anti-theft and accident-alert cellphone application (app). If a cellphone user activates the mobile application, he/ she will get an alert if anybody lifts their cellphone. In case of a road accident involving the cellphone user, an alert message will reach their relatives (who are listed).The app developed by the students of the department of Computer Science and Engineering -- C Navya, Supriya Rajgopal and Syeeda Rukshar Ahamadi - is called 'Celcop'. The application, which the girls developed as part of their project and assisted by assistant professor Ravi Kurapati, is user-friendly too. For instance, if one is charging the cellphone while travelling in a train, he/ she need not wait at the plug point. Instead, they can relax at their respective places. They will get an alert if a stranger touches their cellphone. Celcop monitors the source of power to the cellphone and informs the user with a loud alarm whenever the cellphone is unplugged. \"This is particularly useful while charging cellphones in public places, trains, etc, and notifies the user with an alarm whenever the phone is grabbed/ lifted from the desk,\" added Ravi.Once Celcop is activated, it even sounds an alarm if anyone tries to deactivate it, or press any key. \"The alarm can be stopped only by entering a password, which only the owner of the cellphone knows,\" said Ravi.In case of accidents, the app sends an SMS, complete with details of the user and the accident location, to the user's family member(s). It also flashes the victim's details like blood group, emergency contact number on the screen, making it easy for passersby or police to do the needful in the golden hour. The app runs on cellphones having Windows Phone Operating System.The idea of developing such an app struck the trio when they were studying programming language in VIII semester (C Sharp). It was Ravi who suggested them to come up with a cellphone-related app. Earlier too, Ravi has come out with various innovative ideas on cellphone. The project, which was started in August 2011, was completed recently. The trio said: \"It was really a challenging task. But now we are feeling happy with the outcome.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12695918", "title": "Now, bank your child's teeth", "text": "BANGALORE: When his six year-old son's tooth was about to fall off, Rachit Saxena, a banking sector consultant in Bangalore, chose to put it in a dental stem cell bank. \"He would lose the tooth anyway, so I thought of putting it to good use,\" Saxena said.Dental stem cell banking, a relatively new concept, is beginning to take off in India. While umbilical cord blood banking is over a decade old, dental pulp banking debuted just a year ago. Two Mumbai-based companies - Stemade Biotech and Store Your Cells - are offering the services of cryo-preserving (storing at low temperatures) dental pulp. Stemade Biotech recently opened its teeth collection centres in Bangalore, Delhi, Pune, Hyderabad and Chennai. Store Your Cells operates through dentists.Once a tooth is extracted, it is kept in a tooth collection kit and sent to the lab for cryo-preserving. Children's milk teeth can be preserved. Adults, too, have an option of storing their wisdom teeth for stem cell applications.\"I have only one daughter. I want to provide her the best in life, including bio-insurance,\" said Dr Shailaja Prasad, a dentist who has banked her 10-year-old daughter's tooth.Stem cell treatment is a strategy that introduces new cells into damaged tissue in order to treat disease or injury. \"Recently, the AIIMS commenced studies to show the efficacy of dental stem cells to grow into heart cells. Global studies point towards the future possibility of treating an array of diseases and injuries such as cancer, cardiac diseases, Parkinson's disease, using stem cells,\" Shailesh Gadre, founder and MD of Stemade Biotech, said.Researchers are hopeful that new teeth can be grown using a person's own dental stem cells. Studies are in progress to put dental stem cells to cosmetic applications such as growing hair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12697204", "title": "Cop killed after car hits police vehicle", "text": "GURGAON: An assistant sub-inspector of Mewat police was killed and four other policemen were injured in a major accident when an unknown car driver hit a Tavera police car and fled the spot.The condition of two policemen was reportedly critical and they were referred to a private hospital in Gurgaon. An FIR was lodged by Bhondsi police against the unknown car driver, the police said.The accident took place near Dhunela village on the Gurgaon-Sohna road on Monday afternoon around 3.30pm. According to the police, ASI Inder Singh, head constable Ramcharan, constables Kamal, Gopal and Lakhan were deployed in the police escort guard.The accident took place when the cops were returning to their headquarters in Nuh (Mewat) after leaving three prisoners in Bhondsi jail. They had earlier taken the three inmates for a hearing in court.When they reached near Dhunela village, a car came from the Raisina cut and hit their Tavera. After being hit, the Tavera lost the control and the car overturned the road after colliding with the divider.All the five policemen were injured and Bhondsi police rushed them to Sohna civil hospital. Two of them were referred to a private hospital in Gurgaon where ASI Inder Singh died during the treatment.\"We have registered a case against the car driver, who managed to flee the spot,'' said Arvind Dahiya, SHO, Bhondsi police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "delhi/pune", "code": "12696922", "title": "Karankumar Kakkar\u2019s car traced to Pune", "text": "DELHI/PUNE: The car of Karankumar Kakkar, 28, who has been missing from his Mumbai residence since March 5, was traced to the parking lot of a housing complex in Pune on Sunday. The car was found in the parking lot of Krishnakeval Township in Kondhwa. Police said the car was dumped there since March 9.\"Vijay Palande, a suspect in the case, knew Rahul Mane who stayed in building,\" a senior police officer said. After verification, cops alerted senior officials at the Pune police commissionerate who contacted Mumbai police. A police team reached the society and seized the car early on Sunday.When TOI visited Mane's home, his wife said, \"We have told everything to the police. They have recorded our statements.\"\"When we saw news reports about the missing person and his car, we ourselves approached the Pune police commissionerate and informed them about the vehicle. Pune police then informed Mumbai police, who on Sunday seized the car,\" she said.A resident of the 'G' building said the car was lying in the parking of the building for the last one month. \"On Sunday when police seized the car, we came to know that the car was used in some crime in Mumbai,\" he said.The car was found in the parking lot of Krishnakeval Township in Kondhwa. Police said the car was dumped there since March 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12700875", "title": "Tipaimukh MLA new HAC chairman", "text": "IMPHAL: Congress MLA and vice-president of Manipur Pradesh Congress Committee Chaltonlian Amo has been elected unopposed as the chairman of the Hills Areas Committee (HAC) of Manipur legislative assembly. An MBBS degree holder and a former health minister, Amo was the lone candidate to file nomination papers for the chairman's post. The committee chairman enjoys the status of a cabinet minister.HAC is the highest decision-making body of the five tribal-dominated hill districts, including Senapati, Ukhrul, Chandel, Tamenglong and Ukhrul. Of the 20 HAC members, 14 are from the ruling Congress, four from the Naga People's Front (NPF) and two, including a woman, belong to the Manipur State Congress Party (MSCP).MLA TN Haokip, presiding officer for the HAC election on Thursday eclared Amo as the chairman-designate at a function held in Chingmeirong.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12697476", "title": "Mating lion attacks Maldhari", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After killing a cub, it was the turn of a Maldhari to fall prey to a mating pair in Dhari region in Gir east.On Monday, Maya Natha, a Maldhari was taking his cattles for grazing when he was attacked by a mating lion. The Maldhari has been admitted to the hospital.Officials said that Natha along with his brother was heading with his herd of buffalos when accidentally he went close to a mating pair. The lion, sensing trouble, immediately pounced on the Maya Natha and injured him.The irritated lion then left and sat under a tree. Natha was admitted to the Civil Hospital in Amreli and his condition was said to be stable.This was the second such attack in the last four days. Earlier, a four-month old cub was killed by a loner lion when it was not allowing it to come close to the lioness. Officials said that according to the information, the Maldhari unaware of the pair went too close to the pair and he was attacked.Officials said if the lion is with a lioness, he always percieves anyone nearby as a possible threat. It was on Wednesday last week, when a cub was killed as he was too small to face the agitated lion.Postmortem revealed that the cub had injuries in the skull, neck and even ribs. The nature of the injury suggested that the lion, even after killing the cub, would have flung it several times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12697095", "title": "Placement agency rape case: Police suspect trafficking racket", "text": "NEW DELHI: The probe into the alleged rape of an 18-year-old girl by the owner of a placement agency in Sarita Vihar have revealed that at least 18 more girls from Jharkhand were confined in the agency. Now cops are suspecting involvement of an organized racket involved in trafficking girls from Jharkhand and West Bengal and selling them to a placement agency in the capital.Cops suspect that at least three placement agencies were involved in the racket and are looking for three persons identified as Rajesh, Pancham and Raj Kumar, sources said. While Rajesh is the man who allegedly raped the woman, Raj reportedly gave her the pills that caused a miscarriage, cops said.Police are also trying to track down a woman identified as Kunti who reportedly got the girl to Delhi, sources said. Cops suspect that the woman may have brought several others to the capital and could hold an important link in the entire trafficking episode.In her statement, the girl said Kunti had lured her into coming to Delhi on the pretext of a good job. Once in the capital, the girl was allegedly handed over to Kunti's husband Rajesh. Neither she nor her carpenter father or mother got any money for the work she did in Delhi, Gurgaon and Faridabad since last October.Senior officers said they had been witnessing a steep rise in the trafficking trend from areas like Gumla in Jharkhand. Most of the rescued girls are from Gumla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12697465", "title": "Gujarat State Educational Associations Coordination Committee demands leave encashment of edu employees", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat State Educational Associations Coordination Committee (GSEACC) met here on Monday and has urged that the government resolve their issues at the earliest.Chief among the long pending demands of the secondary, higher secondary teachers, principals and administrative employees is that the government should re-introduce the system to encash the leaves of the education employees when they retire, which amounts to 300. The system has been stopped since 2007.The committee members also said that the employees be also given vehicle allowance as per the fifth and sixth pay commission.The committee also demanded that the teachers be given protection from losing their job or being considered as surplus when a school closes down or when the school's recognition is cancelled by the state education department. The protection is currently provided to teachers only when attendance of students goes down in a class leading to its closure. The committee said that that the state education department should implement the high court decision and provide full pay to fixed-pay teachers. The committee has asked the government to raise the retirement age from 58 years to 60 years so that there are enough teachers available in the schools. They also demanded a medical insurance policy of Rs 10 lakh instead of allowance.\"Instead of the medical allowance, the teachers, principals and other employees should be given a medical insurance policy of Rs 10 lakh which helps them cover medical treatment costs in times of current inflation\",Pankaj Patel , member of the GSEAC said that the principals should also be given higher pay packets, on par with principals employed by central government.\"Our issues have been long pending since many years. It is time that the government makes an attempt to resolve them which will help teachers and principals dispense with their services better\", Patel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12697093", "title": "Pregnancy means pay cut for nurses", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It is not easy to mother a child. Literally, at least for 1,600 nurses in the PGI, this stands true. Rs 5,000 is deducted every month when they request for maternity leave whenever required. Though as per government's ruling, maternity leave is given without pay deduction. All allowances except travel are disbursed during this leave. Opposing this besides other issues, the nursing association will start their agitation either by wearing black badges or going on strike soon. The mode of protest will be decided on Tuesday. Another issue which has been deliberated with the higher officials is gender discrimination. The nurses want re-designation on the pattern of some of the Delhi hospitals where the post of nursing officer exists instead of a sister. \"The existing nomenclature is female centric. Delhi State Cancer Institute has posts for nurses instead of sisters. Also, the ministry of health and family welfare has accepted posts for nursing officers. This has been presented to the hospital administration. But no one is receptive. We will be holding a general body meeting on Tuesday to decide either to wear black badge or go on strike,\" said Lakhwinder Singh, PGI nursing association president.The institute has acute shortage of nursing staff. Instead of 14 nurses in the seven operation theatres, there are only five of them, while in the patient wards there is one nurse for 30 patients. \"Despite the shortage, the nurses are not being granted their dues. Prior to November 2011 the nurses had been getting maternity leave with salary and all of a sudden this was stopped without any change in the central government's rulings,\" said Lakhwinder.According to officials in the PGI, all these demands have to be decided at the ministerial level. \"We cannot take up these demands within the institute. They will be forwarded to the ministry,\" said Manju Wadwalkar, official spokesperson, PGI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12698077", "title": "No new liquor shops: Shushil Modi", "text": "PATNA: Deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi on Monday held a review meeting of the revenue collecting departments and fixed the revenue collection target for the financial year 2012-13.He also directed the excise and registration department not to open new liquor shops in the state, and directed the departments to prepare action plans immediately for revenue collection.Modi directed the officials of excise and registration department to study the mode of revenue collection in Uttar Pradesh , Haryana and two states in South India and give their report for improvement in revenue collection.He also issued directive for the computerization of all the revenue collecting departments for online payment of taxes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12702985", "title": "Kamal Hassan was on the high seas during Tsunami alert", "text": "When the police were clearing the people from the beaches and coastal areas, Kamal was on the high seas lunching on a super luxury cruise ship.The star was the special guest of the US government and was invited for lunch onboard the USS Carl Vinson Cruise. The star came to know about the earth quake and the Tsunami alert that shook the entire Tamil Nadu only after he came back to the shore.Kamal had a scene in Dasavatharam which show the Tsunami effect and it certainly should have thrilled him that he was so close to a Tsunami attack.Source: www.cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12696700", "title": "Teenaged wife found murdered", "text": "HYDERABAD: An 18-year-old housewife was found murdered on Monday at her house in Nau Number area of Kishanbagh.The victim, Yasmin Begum, was the wife of autorickshaw driver Mohd Majid. The couple had got married only five months ago. At around 8.30 am on Monday, Yasmin's cousin Reshma found her lying dead on the bed with an injury on the head and alerted the police. Police suspect the role of the husband in the murder. Majid is absconding and the victim's family alleged that it was he who committed the murder. \"Neighbours said that they had last seen him on Sunday night. We do not yet know the motive,\" Rajendranagar SI K Venkateswarulu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12698576", "title": "BMC eases tender norms, firm quotes 45% below base rate", "text": "Bidding for trench reinstatement in the city has been abnormally low, the lowest bid being 45% (see box) below the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation's scheduled rate. While this has raised serious questions about the quality of work to be delivered, it has also come to light that the civic body has disregarded the recommendation of the state-appointed standing technical advisory committee (STAC) that trenches should be filled up with sand.TOI has learnt that the BMC has excluded sand from its list of materials required for filling trenches, leaving scope for contractors to do shoddy work. It must be noted that STAC's recommendation had been approved by the municipal commissioner. According to STAC, which advises the BMC on roads and bridges, sand has several advantages over earth, which contractors generally use. For one, sand can easily be compacted, produces good subsoil drainage and makes the re-excavation of trenches simple.STAC chairman M V Merani said, \"We had clearly mentioned that the BMC should be using sand for the reinstatement of trenches. The civic body would derive enormous benefits if sand is used and it would ensure that we do not have potholed roads. This recommendation cannot be ignored if you want good roads. Providers of utilities like water supply had approached us regarding trenches as it affects them a lot.\"The exclusion of sand brings down the cost of work. So, on this already low estimate, contractors who have won bids with low quotes would obviously cut corners, say experts. \"No doubt, work will be affected when bidding has been so low. (Swiss auditor ) SGS has pointed out how contractors have been cutting corners after bidding abnormally low,\" Merani said. The lowest bid (-45 %) was received from D ward (Tardeo, Nana Chowk) by Swastik Infra Logic (India) Pvt Ltd. The next lowest bids were by Marcia Infratech (-40.79%; PNorth-Malad ) and Computer Engineers (-40.77%; KEast-Vile Parle-E, Andheri-E ). Of the 24 wards, A (Colaba ) and B (Dongri) saw the highest bidding (-19 %).Asked why STAC's recommendation on sand was violated, additional municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta said, \"I will have to look into the matter. Sand has been creating a lot of problems in the past. Roadwork in past years has been delayed due to a shortage of sand. Riverbed sand is usually not available in adequate quantities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12696715", "title": "Kattedan on explosive ground", "text": "HYDERABAD: Utter disregard for fire safety norms in the industrial units of Kattedan combined with the absence of a fire station in its vicinity and the scorching summer have residents of the area living in a constant fear of a major fire disaster waiting to happen.Known as the plastic hub of the city, Kattedan has over thousand industrial units with more than half of them involved in plastic manufacturing cum processing activities. The industrial area has sizeable residential buildings interspersed with factories. Residents here say that frequent fire accidents are the norm here mainly due to poor safety practices. This year alone six fire accidents were reported here of which two were major ones. With response from the fire services department proving to be lax during fire accidents, residents have for long been clamoring for relocation of the industrial area.\"Over a fortnight ago a fire in Shastripuram colony gutted a godown. The fire personnel who turned up at the scene were not prepared. They had to go to a nearby reservoir to fill the fire engine tanks with water. The incident was unnerving,\" said Abdul Rehman , a resident of Kattedan.The onus of ensuring safety primarily falls on the industrial units. \"Industries should have in place all safety measures including extinguishers and water reservoirs for fire fighting. Drills have to be conducted regularly to educate the staff and assess the preparedness. Most industrial units leave inflammable material in their surroundings which aids the fire,\" said civil society member O M Debara.The state government's directorate of factories renews factory licences every year but seldom takes into account the fire safety aspect, he said. \"It has to look into these matters. The fire department also issues a no objection certificate before commencement of the unit but does not do anything afterwards,\" he added.Interestingly the website of the fire department has extensive self appraisal list along with a list of easy to follow Do's and Don'ts for industries. Some of them include maintaining a stipulated number of fire extinguishers depending on the area of the unit, fire resistant clothing for workers, prohibiting smoking on the premises and putting in place a fire escape route.When asked how many factories in Kattedan meet these prerequisites, an official from the industries department admitted the lapses. \"After a spate of incidents in industrial areas two years ago, an exercise was taken up by fire and police personnel to assess fire safety in Kattedan area. Following this, factory owners were asked to educate staff on fire safety and also put up guidelines and emergency contact numbers in key locations. But the owners soon grew lax and threw caution to the winds.\"The absence of a fire station in the industrial area is not comforting either. Residents say that every time there is a fire or even a scare, fire fighters have to make their way from either Chandulal Baradari or from Moghulpura, more than six kilometres away. They said they had made representations to local leaders to write to the home department for installing a fire station near Aramgarh.Mohammed Kareemuddin, district fire officer, Hyderabad, said the fire department has taken up an exercise to assess fire safety in industries. \"Our officers are in the process of collecting information from all zones including industrial and residential zones. Once we collate the information, we intend to send notices to the industrial units flouting fire safety norms. We will also educate factory owners and workers as part of the fire safety week programme on April 20,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12698230", "title": "Design engineer dies as bike hits median", "text": "BANGALORE: A 25-year-old design engineer was killed when his motorbike hit the road median in Banashankari late Sunday night.V Rajesh Kumar, a native of Kurnool and resident of Kaggalipura, was employed with a garment unit. He had gone to drop his colleague Charan at the Mysore Road satellite bus stand as the latter had to go to Kerala on office work. Rajesh was riding Charan's bike back home when the two-wheeler skid and hit the median near NCARD junction on Banashankari Ring Road around 10.45pm.Banashankari traffic police rushed to the spot and shifted Rajesh to Nimhans where doctors declared him brought dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "12697987", "title": "Acute drinking water shortage due to apathy", "text": "YAVATMAL: Apathy by the gram sevak and office bearers of village Godhani (Kotha) has caused acute drinking water shortage. The victims, around 3,000 villagers, are facing the music for no fault of theirs. Umpteen pleas to the concerned officials have fallen on deaf ears.According to the general secretary of the Peasants and Workers Party Ashok Bhutada, a tap water scheme was launched in 2006 at a public well with funds from the then MLA of Yavatmal Madan Yerawar.As the well was not deep, a considerable sum was spent. Pipelines were laid and the water scheme was launched with great fanfare.A couple of years ago, Padmalata Wath and Jaya Dagwar objected to the water supply by alleging that the well belongs to them and that the water is inadequate to meet their own requirements. They even knocked at the door of the local court with a plea to get an ownership certificate.They made the GP sarpanch and gram sevak respondents. However, due to rampant corruption and red tapism, GP officials failed to turn up in court and neither did they file an affidavit.Godhani is situated on the outskirts of the city and has a population of 5000. The only source of water for the villagers is the disputed well.The land was originally owned by one Baliram Thakre and his family. It was sold to Padmalata and Jaya who later sold it to another person. None of these persons are residing in the village. The duo has demanded monthly water charges from residents by claiming ownership of the property on which the well is located. They pressured GP officials and the Gram Sevak who abstained from the court proceedings.\"The mutation certificate (7/12) was fabricated by the claimants/plaintiffs and they produced the same to the court to substantiate their claims,\" said Ashok Bhutada, adding that the information was obtained by the Talathi under the RTI Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12697939", "title": "After 15 days struggle, boy succumbs to burns", "text": "NAGPUR: After battling for life for 15 long days, nine-year-old Nimish Sahare succumbed to his burn injuries on Monday. Nimish had touched a high tension line on March 2 while playing on the terrace of his uncle's house in Mahadula in Koradi.Nimish, a Std 3 student, was staying at his uncle's house since last eight years, while his parents stayed at Ramtek. His uncle, Kamlesh Somkuwar stated that the incident took place when his wife had locked the house and gone to a nearby shop while he was busy at work. Around 1pm, Nimish came home.\"He saw the house locked and kept the bag and shoes on the door steps. He then went to play on the terrace with some sticks and rods. He lifted a rod to keep on the other side but it accidentally touched the overhead high tension line passing,\" said Somkuwar.The incident came to light when Somkuwar's wife came home and searched for Nimish. However, by the time she found him, Nimish had collapsed. The neighbours rushed him to private hospital and after a week he was referred to Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH). He had suffered 60% burn injuries.The parents said that since last week, Nimish had shown signs of recovering. \"He even said that he will not do mischief, during treatment. But on Sunday, the doctors told us that he was again critical,\" said Nimish's mother Kunda.Nimish leaves behind parents Ajay (auto driver), Kunda (a homemaker) and a younger brother. Koradi police have registered an accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12697228", "title": "Staff shortage, overpopulated wards blamed for theft of babies", "text": "NAGPUR: It is becoming very common for babies to be stolen from big hospitals, especially medical colleges, where many deliveries take place every day. The main reason for this is lack of security and required vigilance due to staff shortage, say officials and doctors.Even at Government Medical College and Hospital's (GMCH) gynaecology ward number 46, there is almost no security. However, the college and hospital administration say they are not directly responsible for the situation. They say such incidents happen due to acute shortage of security staff, attendants and residents or senior resident doctors, for which local administration is not responsible directly.Local officials say that it is for the higher authorities at the directorate of medical education and research (DMER) and the state to provide enough staff in every cadre to ensure procedures are followed, and vigil is maintained to prevent such incidents. The hospital has an intake capacity of 195 women in the gynaecology ward. But on any given day the number of admitted patients is at least 300.Ideally, every patient being sent for a diagnostic test should be accompanied by an attendant. But ward has just one attendant and one security guard to take care of all patients. The college and hospital has no senior residents in any department.Generally, one relative is allowed to be in the ward with the patient. However, there is no system to check whether the person taking care of the baby is a genuine relative. Relatives are supposed to be issued passes. But there is no way of identifying the relative if person hands over the pass to someone else. There is no method of recording entry and exit of patients from the ward.\"In this particular case, college or hospital are not responsible for the incident. The woman whose child was stolen actually gave the child herself to the woman who had allegedly accompanied her from the ward to the X-ray section. The woman then disappeared with baby while the mother was undergoing X-ray. The ward has a woman security guard. This mother went alone from ward with child and came back after some time claiming that her child was stolen,\" said acting GMCH dean Dr RP Singh.Dr Singh said such things cannot be prevented unless patients are equally aware. \"There are boards all over the ward to be aware of baby lifters, warning patients not to hand over their child to an unknown person,\" said Dr Singh, adding that the hospital follows procedures. The mother as well as the baby are tagged to ensure quick identification. The baby's foot prints are also recorded at birth for this purpose.Deliver us from evilProblemsLack of security guardsLack of attendants to accompany patients for procedures out of the wardNo senior resident doctors to minimize movement of patient to OPD doctorsNo record maintained for entry and exit of patients or their relativesRemediesCCTV cameras inside and in front of the wardMaintain register to record entry and exit of each patient and relativeGuard to watch ward entrance, and the vicinityIncrease number of attendantsEvery patient to be accompanied by attendantNOTE: Remedies suggested by Dr Arun Humne, hospital superintendent and professor and head of preventive and social medicine dept", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12698027", "title": "Railway official 'jumps' into Ganga, saved by boatmen", "text": "PATNA: In what looked like a suicide bid that brought traffic on the busy Gandhi Setu to a halt for some time, a senior railway official \"fell\" into the Ganga around 11am on Monday. Prompted by continuous shouts of onlookers, two boatmen, however, hastily sailed to the site, half a km away, and fished him out. He was admitted to a hospital where his condition was stated to be \"stable\" in the evening.The official was identified as Zafar Azam, deputy chief operating manager (freight operating information system). A native of Laheriasarai in Darbhanga, the 2000-batch Indian Railway (Traffic) Service official was posted at the East central Railway (ECR) HQ at Hajipur and would drive from his R D Mansion home on the Digha-Ashiana road in Patna to office in his official Indigo CS vehicle every day.Police said when Azam's car reached the bridge's pillar number 42, he asked driver Rajesh Kumar to stop the vehicle. He then came out, asked for some papers from railway traffic controller Rakesh Kumar, who was accompanying him, and went near the railing from where he \"jumped\" into the river after throwing the papers into it. He was later rushed to Nalanda Medical College Hospital and then to the intensive care unit of a private nursing home nearby.A father of two, Azam was learnt to have told police he was about to throw some religious papers into the Ganga when he had a bout of dizziness and fell off the bridge. ECR chief public relations officer Neeraj Ambastha also told TOI Azam slipped into the river.But Patna SP (city) Kim said no one can slip from the bridge which has high railings on it. \"Police will talk to Azam and his family members before lodging a case in this connection,\" she said.ECR sources said Azam was not involved in any financial irregularity. He was posted at Danapur as divisional commercial manager (DCM) in 2004-05 after which he served the railways' Staff Training College at Muzaffarpur as its principal. He was elevated in 2007 and posted as senior DCM in the Samastipur rail division from where he was transferred to the ECR HQ at Hajipur in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12698306", "title": "Antony asks armed forces to be on alert after Kabul attacks", "text": "NEW DELHI: Defence minister A K Antony on Monday asked the armed forces to be vigilant in light of the bomb attacks in Kabul on Sunday. Addressing the Army commanders' conference, Antony said the armed forces should \"take all appropriate steps'' in view of the developments in Afghanistan in the last couple of days.\"India remains steadfast in its commitment to provide support and assistance to Afghanistan so that it evolves into a stable country, strengthened by pluralism and free from external interference,'' he said.Noting the volatile situation in India's neighbourhood, Antony said, \"Our defence forces and all other security agencies must remain prepared to tackle the entire range of security challenges.\"Foreign minister S M Krishna too expressed \"profound concern\" over the situation to President Hamid Karzai. In a statement uploaded on Youtube, Krishna said India believed that Afghanistan will have to sort out its issues among themselves in a civilized manner without resorting to mindless violence and that it was India's open desire that normalcy be restored in Kabul and the entire country.\"I condemn the outbreak of violence in Afghanistan and would like to convey India's profound concerns to President Karzai and people of Afghanistan. And Afghanistan will try to move ahead and develop itself as a flourishing nation,\" he said.\"Balancing the imperatives of engaging globally with other powers and maintaining autonomy in decision-making is one of the most important challenges of our times... Cross-border linkages of terror organizations, arms and drugs trafficking and illegal migration are major areas of concern,'' he added.Taliban militants launched a coordinated suicide attack on Sunday in Kabul targeting the diplomatic area, Nato bases and Parliament at seven locations. They also targeted three other eastern cities in which 51 people were killed including 36 insurgents, eight Afghan security guards and three civilians. Afghan forces finally regained control on Monday over parts of Kabul, killing all the Taliban militants who had unleashed 18 hours of brazen attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "arakonam", "code": "12701529", "title": "Second in a week, Chennai train rams mini-van; one critical", "text": "ARAKONAM: An owner of a mini milk van is still critical in condition after a Arakonam - Chengelpet passenger train smashed his vehicle when the van tried to cross the track in Venketashapuram near Arakonam, some 69kms north west of Chennai, on Monday night. Venketashapuram is located between Arakonam and Thakolam railway stations.Police and eyewitnesses said that the driver of the van, M Kumaravel, who was unhurt and absconding, was trying to cross the track but the van stopped on the track making it difficult for the van driver to reverse the vehicle before the train smashed the van. The accident did not occur on the railway level crossing. Instead, it is a sandy road used to cross the track.The accident comes less than a week when a similar accident occured on April 9 after a practising advocate at the District Court - II (Kancheepuram) was seriously injured after a Chennai Beach - Tirumalpur Electric Multiple Unit ( EMU) train smashed his vehicle when the car tried to cross the unmanned level crossing (LC No: 24) in Nathtampettai near Kancheepuram, Police sources said both accidents were due to negligence of the drivers of the private vehicles as they misjudged the speed of the train and tried to cross the track.M Murthy, 48, the van owner, was on his way to his house in Palanipettai in Arakonam of Vellore district after delivering milk packets to shops and houses in Venketashapuram at the time of the accident. It was around 5.40 pm, Kumaravel, brother of the injured Murthy, took a sandy road, which is parallel to the track, and tried to cross the track to go to home. At the same time, a passenger train from Arakonam was heading towards Thakolam railway station, some two kms from from the accident spot. Though Kumaravel saw the speeding train nearing the van but before Kumaravel could reverse his vehicle from the track, the van got struck and stopped on the track. The speeding train smashed the van and halted a few hundred metres away from the accident spot. The train was delayed by 40 minutes. Along with residents and railway staff, a police team led by Vellore SP, T S Anbu, shifted the injured man to the hospital. A case of negligance against the van driver has been filed by the Government Railway Police (Chengelpet) and Railway Protection Force (RPF - Arakonam). \"The accident was sheer negligence of the van driver because the speed of the train was clearly visible from the accident spot. Besides, it is a norm to check both sides of the track,\" a senior police official told TOI.Due to the impact, the van was completely crushed and Murthy sustained head injuries, hands and legs were fractured. Initially, he was admitted at the government general hospital in Vellore but later he was shifted to the Rajiv Gandhi government general hospital in Chennai Central. \"Murthy is still critical. We are continuously monitoring his condition,\" hospital sources said.At present, the Chennai railway division comprises Chennai Central - Avadi - Arakonam, Chennai Central - Gummidipoondi and Chennai Beach - Tambaram - Chengelpattu sections for suburban train services. Chennai division has 60 unmanned railway crossings. Of 49 railway stations between Chengelpet and Arakonam section, there are seven unmanned level crossings between Arakonam and Kancheepuram where Monday's accident occurred. Everyday, around one million commuters travel in suburban trains in Chennai division as against seven lakhs commuters in 2009. Chennai Beach - Tambaram - Kancheepuram has the highest commuters with 5.5 lakh persons per day. Chengelpet and Arakonam section, railway sources said, is the most-accident prone stretch especially at unmanned level crossings because unlike in stations near the city where the train movement is regular, tracks in the outskirts are mostly free and motorists take advantage of it. \"The level crossing at Thirumalpur railway station is the most accident prone because pilgrims use to cross the track to reach the famous Shiva temple - Dhakshanamurthy temple - near the station,\" said railway sources.In June 2011, the Southern Railway's divisional railway manager, S Anantharaman, said in a safety campaign at unmanned level crossings held at Thirumalpur railway station that efforts has been taken to convert all 60 unmanned level crossings into manned ones within a few years. In April 2007, 11 persons including nine village administrative officers of Vellore district and two others were killed when a train hit the van in which they were travelling at the unmanned level crossing in Agaram near Kancheepuram. In October 2006, 17 persons travelling by a diesel-powered autorickshaw were killed after an electrical multiple unit rammed it at an unmanned level crossing at Pudupakkam near Kancheepuram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12696469", "title": "Min: RTE in state has a long way to go", "text": "MUMBAI: It could be a while before the Right to Education (RTE) Act is implemented in letter and spirit in the state.Days after the Supreme Court upheld the constitutional validity of the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act, 2009, which mandates government/aided and non-minority unaided schools to reserve 25% seats at the entry level for children from economically weaker sections (EWS) and disadvantaged groups from the neighbourhood, state school education minister Rajendra Darda said the state will focus on the implementation of the norms.He, however, indicated that there were certain procedural aspects which need to be addressed. He said the definition on who could be identified as students from the EWS and disadvantaged groups will have to be made. He further said that the role of all stakeholders in implementation of the Act will have to be defined. Funds will have to be set aside for the implementation, he said.Darda said this while replying to a query in the legislative council on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12701464", "title": "I have nothing to prove in Bollywood: Mohanlal", "text": "At a time when young entrants from South are looking to make a strong presence in Bollywood, Malayalam superstar Mohanlal feels that although the reach of Hindi cinema is wider, he has nothing to prove here as an actor.Mohanlal made his acting debut in Malayalam cinema in 1978 with Thiranottam but the film was never released due to Censor issues. Later, in 1980, he got to play the lead antagonist in his first release Manjil Virinja Pookkal at 20. Then, he went on to do several such roles in various movies before he established himself as a lead actor.It was after the success of his 1986 film, Rajavinte Makan , that he was labeled a superstar of Malayalam cinema.\"I am working for 33 years there, what should I come and prove in Hindi industry? I am content and happy with my own language. If I get a good and irresistible role, only then will I try and do a film here. I don't want to prove anything,\" Mohanlal told PTI.\"Lot of people, most of the actresses begin from South.They are newcomers and they try to do Hindi films as the reach is greater. There are so many factors. For actors like me South is fine,\" the 51-year-old said.In 2002, Mohanlal played the role of a police officer in his first Bollywood movie Company , which introduced him to the Hindi-speaking audience in India. He won the IIFA star screen award for the best supporting actor in the Ram Gopal Varma directed movie.Again in RGV's Aag , a remake of Sholay , Mohanlal played the role of Narasimham, a cop with a vendetta against the criminal Babban Singh played by Amitabh Bachchan . The movie bombed at the box office.Ask him why he stayed away from Bollywood films even after being a superstar down South, he said, \"I don't know. It is nothing like that.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12698454", "title": "Metro: Land value on MG Road fixed at Rs 39 lakh a cent", "text": "KOCHI: The district administration on Monday finalized the price of land to be acquired for the Kochi Metro Rail project on the MG Road stretch at Rs 39 lakh a cent.The decision came at a meeting between the land owners and revenue officials convened by district collector PI Sheik Pareeth. Nine cents of land are to be acquired on MG Road, and about 42 shop owners will be affected.Pareeth said the land owners had sought a week's time to give their response. \"We plan to proceed with land acquisition at this price even if they respond in the negative. The money will be remitted at the court,\" he said.Earlier, at a meeting convened by the district collector, the compensation had been set at Rs 34 lakh a cent. Revenue officials said the land value had been raised following a demand to this effect by the land owners.The collector said the value of the land to be acquired on MG Road and Banerjee Road stretches would have to be approved by the district level purchase committee ( DLPC).\"We have already finalized the compensation for the land that will be acquired near South Railway station, and expect to complete the procedure at the earliest,\" Pareeth added.According to the current plan, about 56.25 cents need to be acquired on Banerjee Road and 37.5 cents along the Jos Junction-South Railway Station stretch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12700688", "title": "Coal trader still untraced", "text": "BOKARO: District police are clueless about missing coal trader Bharat Mishra even after 24 hours of his mysterious disappearance.Mishra is a resident of the Railway Colony under Dugdha police station. He went for some business dealing on Saturday and did not return. However, after the recovery of his motorbike lying abandoned near a road at Basteji village under Harla police station on Sunday, police have started a case of kidnapping. According to police, Mishra, before leaving the house, had told wife Kancha Devi that he was going to a cement factory for some official work and from there he will be going to meet another coal trader. The family panicked when he did not return at night. They launched a frantic search and informed police.Bokaro SP Kuldeep Dwivedi said Kancha is suspicious about the coal trader whom Mishra was supposed to meet. \"Search is on to locate Mishra. The mystery will be resolved soon,\" he said.'Emphasis on Centre's schemes': Several important decisions were taken at the district vigilance and monitoring committee meeting held here on Monday, which was presided over by Hazaribag MP Yashwant Sinha. He said major emphasis was put on the centrally-sponsored schemes like MGNREGA, PMGSY, Indira Awas Yojna and the National Rural Health Mission programme. It was decided that all villages with population under 250 will be connected through the PMGSY scheme to provide them better road link.The officers of the concerned department were advised to prepare the list of such villages and submit the list to the deputy commissioner for the early implementation of the scheme. All members and MLAs expressed their displeasure over the non-completion of large number of wells under MGNREGA. It was decided that digging of all the wells would be completed by May 31.About the implementation of the NRHM programme in the district, reports of doctors abstaining from duty at the newly-created Chalkusha Block Public Health Centre were taken up for discussion. Instructions were issued to lodge FIRs against doctors who are not reporting for duty at their place of posting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12702440", "title": "Time running out for Ganga, states should step up efforts: PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Warning that time was running out to preserve the Ganga, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Tuesday pulled up state governments for tardy performance on sewage treatment and asked them to take action against industries polluting the river.Voicing concern over discharge of 2,900 million litres of sewage in the Ganga every day, Singh asked state governments to send proposals for new sewage treatment plants and said that adequate funding was available to take up projects.Addressing the third meeting of the National Ganga River Basin Authority, he also flagged the issue of industrial pollution and said that industrial effluents, though only 20 per cent of the total effluents, were a cause of major concern as they were toxic and non-biodegradable.Singh said that the State Pollution Control Boards were required to monitor compliance of effluent discharge standards.\"Action must be taken against the defaulting industries by the State Boards under the powers delegated to them by the Central government,\" the Prime Minister said.He requested the state governments to strengthen the relevant enforcement mechanisms.\"Time is not on our side and we have to act quickly,\" Singh said, adding that the solutions to these issues should not be piecemeal and should meet the test of scientific reasoning.Singh said in order to formulate long term policies and actions, the ministry of environment and forests commissioned a consortium of seven IITs to prepare a comprehensive river basin management plan for the Ganga.Singh said the plan drafted by IITs would recommend comprehensive measures to restore and maintain the ecological health of the river giving due regard to the competing water uses and the necessity of a paradigm shift in the manner in which land, water and other natural resources is exploited in the Ganga basin.\"This plan will be the basis for the NGRBAs long term Action Plan to deal with the multiple challenges we face in the task of cleaning the Ganga and maintaining its flows,\" he said.Noting that the consortium has already submitted five initial reports, Singh urged them to carry on their work expeditiously and with due diligence.Singh said the existing sewage treatment infrastructure was under-utilised particularly in the absence of connecting sewerage networks such as branch sewers and house sewer connections.\"The central government is examining some easing of the funding norms for operation and maintenance works,\" he said.He also requested the chief ministers to make an assessment of the situation with regard to untreated sewage and industrial pollution and present a report to the NRGBA on the situation in their respective states.\"We can then decide what concrete steps are necessary to attend to some of the institutional, administrative and financial problems that may be coming in the way of more effective implementation of pollution control and abatement measures,\" Singh said.Urging all the state governments concerned to make full use of the resources available with the NRGBA, Singh said projects with an outlay of more than Rs 2,600 crore have been sanctioned so far under in Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Bihar and West Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12699855", "title": "Google's own emails show its guilt: Oracle", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: An Oracle attorney cited emails between top executives at Google as prime evidence that Google took its intellectual property to gain an edge in the lucrative smartphone market, at the start of a high stakes trial between the two tech giants.Opening statements between Oracle Corp and Google Inc began on Monday in a San Francisco federal court. Oracle sued Google in August 2010 over patent and copyright claims for the Java programming language .According to Oracle, Google's Android operating system tramples on its intellectual property rights to Java, which it acquired when it bought Sun Microsystems in 2010. Google says it does not violate Oracle's patents and that Oracle cannot copyright certain parts of Java.The trial before US District Judge William Alsup is expected to last at least eight weeks.Oracle attorney Michael Jacobs said Google took copyrighted Java \"blueprints\" to harness the creative power of millions of Java software developers, so they then could write applications for Android. However, Google never obtained the proper license, he said.\"You can't just step on someone's IP because you have a good business reason for it,\" Jacobs said.Google's opening statement is scheduled to take place on Tuesday morning. Spokesman Jim Prosser said Google is confident in its defenses, and that Oracle's legal claims threaten the broad goal of making software systems work together smoothly.Jacobs displayed several Google emails to the jury, which were relayed to the courtroom gallery on a high definition screen. In 2005, Android chief Andy Rubin sent one to Google co-founder Larry Page proposing to take a license to Java.\"We'll pay Sun for the license,\" Rubin wrote.But according to Jacobs, a May 2007 email from Rubin to then-CEO Eric Schmidt shows that Google consciously decided against taking a license. Some spectators in the packed courtroom strained to read the email, displayed alongside photos of Rubin and Schmidt.\"I'm done with Sun (tail between my legs, you were right),\" Rubin wrote to Schmidt. \"They won't be happy when we release our stuff.\"Google's Prosser said Java inventors cheered Android when it was released. But Jacobs told the jury that Sun executives were not happy behind closed doors, regardless of what they said publicly.Before jury selection began, Alsup warned both companies that they should not expect to keep sensitive financial information secret.\"This is a public trial,\" he said.Jacobs did not divulge any financial details about Android during his presentation on Monday.Early on in the case, estimates of potential damages against Google ran as high as $6.1 billion. But Google has narrowed Oracle's claims to only two patents from seven originally, reducing the possible award. Oracle is seeking roughly $1 billion in copyright damages.A retired teacher, a US postal worker and a store designer for Gap Inc were among the jurors selected on Monday to decide the case. The seven-woman, five-man jury also included a retired photographer, an avid hiker and a nurse.Jacobs told Alsup that Oracle's CEO, Larry Ellison , would likely be Oracle's first live trial witness. Ellison could take the stand as early as Tuesday. Oracle also said in a court filing on Sunday that it expected Google CEO Larry Page to be among its first witnesses.Ellison will testify about the importance of Java to Oracle's business and the harm Android has caused the company, according to the witness list.The testimony from Page, a relatively reclusive figure, could include details about Google's business plan and marketing strategy for Android, including the company's recent acquisition of Motorola, the witness list shows.The trial will have three phases: copyright liability, patent claims, and damages. Page could also testify about revenue and profit projections for Android, including advertising revenue, the witness list said.The case in US District Court, Northern District of California, is Oracle America, Inc v. Google Inc, 10-3561.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12696994", "title": "Telangana Rashtra Samiti to contest Parkal bypoll", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Telangana Rashtra Samiti (TRS) party has decided to reassert itself as the flag-bearer of the separate state movement by fielding a candidate from Warangal district's Parkal at the upcoming bypolls.The announcement followed a meeting of the party's main decision-making body on Monday.TRS MLA T Harish Rao Rao said that the party brass had also passed a resolution empowering an election committee, headed by Nayani Narasimha Reddy, to identify a suitable candidate for the Parkal seat and said that TRS was confident it would win the seat by a wide margin.Announcing the decision after a meeting of its legislators and brass which lasted for 90 minutes - the first following the party's loss in the Mahbubnagar Assembly byelection - Rao said that several issues of public concern were discussed at the meeting, especially the hardships being faced by farmers in Telangana region.Demanding immediate rollback of the power tariff hike, Rao lashed out at the state government for being inconsiderate towards farmers in the Telangana region.\"Nearly 60,000 acres of crop in the region have been affected by hailstorms in the last fortnight. But the government is yet to respond to the crisis.\"We demand immediate relief and release of funds for farmers similarly affected, both this year as well as in 2011.\"The government must come to the rescue of chilli farmers by announcing MSP,\" he added.It was also decided at the meeting, which was attended by TRS chief K Chandrasekhar Rao and Parliamentarian Vijayashanthi among others, what the party's future course of action would be as it looks to take the Telangana issue forward by exposing Congress, TDP and YSR Congress parties.Meanwhile, TRS has decided to celebrate the eleventh year of its existence in Rangareddy district's Vikarabad.At least 200 delegates from each Assembly constituency would be invited to join the celebrations, it was learnt.It was also learnt that party has decided to set up a committee to identify the reasons behind the Mahbubnagar bypoll debacle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "12697627", "title": "Mining transport pains Pilgao locals again", "text": "KERI: Mining transportation was carried out with scant regard to rules and regulations causing grave nuisance to public on the Sarmanas-Pilgao route in Bicholim taluka.On Monday morning, pedestrians and two-wheeler riders experienced a bitter taste of it as mining dust mingled with rain water intensifying the problem.Ramesh Gauns, anti-mining activist from Bicholim, submitted memorandum to deputy dollector Levinson Martins that a mining company has been causing nuisance by turning a public road muddy, thereby depriving the public of a safe and secure road.Speaking to TOI, Gauns said, \"Everyday, around 1,000 trucks make about 3,000 trips on this road by violating norms. Rash driving is the regular phenomena here and pedestrians and two-wheelers have to suffer brunt of the problems.\"Govind Parab, mines manager, said, \"As soon as we got the information, the company has taken appropriate steps.\" On April 3, villagers of Sarmanas led by Anil Naik came onto the streets and blocked mining traffic for half a day. Bicholim police inspector Sudesh Naik had detained seven trucks for overloading and spillage of iron ore on the road and had given an assurance to the affected villagers that the problem would be sorted out. \"The government machinery has virtually failed to maintain discipline and decorum on the public road in Pilgao-Sarmanas,\" Gauns said.The sudden rainfall in the morning coupled by the spillage of iron ore on the road has transformed the Sarmanas-Pilgao road into one that was muddy, slippery and inaccessible, causing a lot of inconvenience to pedestrians and two-wheelers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12697963", "title": "Income Tax department sets up call centres", "text": "NAGPUR: The Income Tax department has got a little more tech-savvy. In an effort to bridge the gap between taxman and the taxpayer, the department has started five call centres across the country to attend to queries from general public.The main centre is in Gurgaon, with regional ones in Jammu, Shillong , Kochi, and Jangipur in West Bengal , which is also union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee's constituency. The Gurgaon call centre started around three months ago with pilot runs underway. It was made operational on a full-fledged basis only recently. The other centres were inaugurated last week, said the chairman of Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) Laxman Das. CBDT is the governing body for income tax department.Das was in the city to attend valediction function of 64{+t}{+h} batch of Indian Revenue Service (IRS) officers at National Academy of Direct Taxes (NADT). With regional centres, information services will be available in eight regional languages apart from English and Hindi. These centres are expected to cover taxpayers residing in nearby states too, with the set-up in Gurgaon being the main call centre, said Das. The regional languages in which services are available are Assamese, Bengali, Oriya, Punjabi, Kashmiri, Malayalam and Tamil and Khasi, a north-eastern language.The taxpayers can get services by dialling 1961 which is a toll free number and can get a host of basic information about the department. Inquiries can be made about application for a permanent application number (PAN), e-filing of returns, payment of refunds, TDS and other information. Information about the ward under whose jursidcriction a taxpayer comes is also available. Although this would be only the basic information instead of any major advice on tax planning, said Das, while talking to newspersons at the sidelines of this valediction function.About the tax mop up, Das said even though a target of 5 lakh crore was set for 2011-12, it may be barely achieved with even a likelihood of collections falling short marginally. Das hinted that a high target may have been set due to various government expenditures lined up. The growth target although has been revised to 12% from 18% considering the trend.Das, however, did not disclose the exact figures saying that the final compilation of receipts from state governments was still pending. State governments are also liable to pay tax deducted at source (TDS) on certain counts. The payment is done through book adjustments instead of actual transfers, he said.The quantum of refunds paid to taxpayers has grown by 35% at 97,000 crore. Sizable refunds also are a factor in inhibiting growth in collection, he said. Das said that the slowdown had led to low growth in collections. However, condition is still better than slowdown of 2008-9 when growth was as low as 8 to 9%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12697362", "title": "Liquor vend on green belts: Woman councillor moves court", "text": "GURGAON: Weeks after a woman councillor from new Gurgaon moved a city court seeking the shifting of liquor vends from green belts, another woman councillor has now asked the local excise department to remove one such vend from DLF I.Rama Rani Rathee, Ward 34 councillor, has written a letter to the deputy excise commissioner Anil Kadyan for the removal of an Indian manufactured foreign liquor shop located near D Block in this locality. She has alleged that the liquor shop has been operating from the green belt. She has also forwarded a copy of the letter to municipal commissioner Sudhir Rajpal and HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar.\"I have been receiving many complaints from residents of D and G blocks of DLF I. They want this vend to be shifted,\" she said. The councillor also alleged that the vend owner had cleared and levelled the area around the shop and left building material possibly for setting up a 'dhaba', where boozers could have a good time right next to the shop.She claimed that the liquor shop was disturbing the tranquillity of the residential area and that residents fear the situation would get worse if and when the dhaba starts operating in the vicinity of the shop.Since a case is already pending in the court against opening of liquor shops in green belt areas, the administration has so far not done anything to the already operational ones. The excise department maintains that in case the court order goes against such vends then the licensees would have to find an alternative site for their shops. Moreover, the department will not compensate for anything. This, they say, has been clearly mentioned in the excise policy of the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12698439", "title": "Two college students held for ransacking ATM centres", "text": "PUNE: The Hadapsar police on Monday arrested two students of a private hotel management institute for allegedly ransacking three automated teller machines (ATM) of different banks in Hadapsar area.Senior police inspector Pandharinath Mandhare of the Hadapsar police station said that the students ransacked the ATMs after they failed to withdraw money. \"They were under the influence of alcohol,\" Mandhare said.Mandhare said that a security guard of one of the ATMs informed the police. \"Our team rushed the spot and arrested Nakul Lonkar (21) of Beed and Sandesh Rathod (22) of Shahapur. The third student Pankaj Dhole (21) of Osmanabad sustained injuries in an attempt to flee,\" Mandhare said.Assistant police inspector Satish Chavan of Hadapsar police station, who is investigating the case, said that around 2 am on Monday the police got information that three youths were attempting to loot cash from ATMs in Hadapsar. \"When we reached the spot, we found that all the three ATMs were ransacked. The suspects had also broken the glass doors,\" Chavan said.The suspects were nabbed on Magarpatta Road by a patrolling team of the Hadapsar police station. \"The third youth attempted to flee on his motorcycle. However, he sustained injuries after he fell down,\" Chavan said, adding, \"He is undergoing treatment in a private hospital. We will arrest him once he is discharged.\"Inspector Mandhare said that the police have informed the college authorities about the incident. \"All three students are in the final year,\" Mandhare said.eom/mt", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12698003", "title": "Special teams to probe robbery", "text": "COIMBATORE: Three special police teams have been formed to nab the eight-member gang that robbed 11 sovereigns of gold and Rs 1.50 lakh from a farmhouse near Kalapatti after tying up P Somasundaram (52) and his wife S Sarojini (40) at knife-point early on Sunday. Two inspectors specialized in crime and a crime wing inspector have also been roped in.\"The victims told us they heard the sound of a car after the dacoits left. We are questioning neighbours and staff of a nearby petrol outlet,\" said deputy commissioner of police T Senthil Kumar. One mobile phone was also missing from the house.Police sources said Somasundaram was constructing a new house and had kept Rs 1.50 lakh at home to meet the expenses. The construction workers will be questioned, said police.Police are suspecting the hand of people familiar with the locality and house.\"The dacoits had removed three tiles on the roof to enter the house. Later, they opened the unlocked front door. We hope to nab the accused soon,\" police commissioner T P Sundaramoorthy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12699309", "title": "Sayajirao worked for conservation hundred years ago tomb of Sheikh Farid and Dwarka", "text": "VADODARA: While Rani Ki Vav in Patan is conserved beautifully today and is also eyeing a UNESCO World Heritage Site status, few would know that work on the step well had actually commenced way back in 1935 under the regime of the visionary Maharaja Sayajirao III. Patan was a part of the dominions of the erstwhile Baroda state and Rani Ki Vav was listed as an imported monument by the state in 1903.Sayajirao III seems to have realized the importance of heritage monuments and their conservation early in his rule. He ordered an archaeological survey of his dominions that was conducted by Dr James Burges, the director general of Archaeological Survey of India and his associate Henry Cousons. They surveyed the Baroda state in 1886-87 and 1889-90.They brought out two volumes 'The Antiquities Dabhoi' in 1888. The second volume was 'The Architectural Antiquities of Northern Gujarat' in 1903 in which Rani Ki Vav also figures. But true impetus to archaeology was given in the state in November 1934 when the archaeology department was established. Baroda was amongst the rare princely states in the country to have such a department. Soon after its establishment, some work began on Rani ki Vav.Annual reports of archaeology department of the erstwhile state reveal that barbed wires were put around the vav and the area around it was levelled. Preparations were also made to have a lawn around it along with an approach road. Stone benches were also put around the vav. The director of the department Dr Hiranand Shastri notes that some conservation work was also done.The annual report of the department brought out in 1938 notes that further possibility of work on the monument was being examined.The archaeology department of Baroda state had three main heads under which it worked - conservation of monuments, exploration and history of monuments. The department worked on the Tomb of Sheikh Farid in Patan and temples in Dwarka. Shastri even mentioned that Dwarka could be excavated further for possibility of Mahabharata period remains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12700880", "title": "Bangla music night in Kolkata", "text": "Music lovers in the city came together to usher in Poila Boishakh at an all-night Bangla music performance on Friday.First up was Dohar, belting out a medley of folk songs. Anupam, the new kid on the block, was up next, taking the auditorium by storm with his \"Amaake amar moto thakte dao\".Mir, who was the next performer with his Bandage teammates, put up a typically electrifying performance.Finally, it was time for Chandrabindoo, with their huge repertoire of hits. \"I loved the concept. Since a Bengali day doesn't start at midnight, the programme was conceptualised in such a manner that when people left at 5am, they could see the dawn of the new year,\" said Anindya, the band's frontman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12696580", "title": "Easy ride on city roads soon: Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) has in principle agreed to fund the Intelligent Transportation System (ITS) for Hyderabad and even prepared a master plan for the project, Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) commissioner MT Krishna Babu has informed.Speaking at a meeting on ITS, which was attended by RTC managing director B Prasada Rao, Hyderabad additional commissioner of police (Traffic) CV Anand and other officials, on Monday, he said GHMC would take up lane marking and signage in the entire city, including Roads and Buildings (R&B;) roads. They also discussed the implementation of ITS and coordination among various departments. The consultants appointed by JICA gave a presentation about ITS Hyderabad.The officials also reviewed the current traffic conditions, existing systems and future plans of each department to ease traffic congestion as per the master plan. Krishna Babu said the corporation has already taken up improvement of 200 junctions in Greater Hyderabad and extreme left side of the road would be be marked for buses.Responding to a query of RTC chief Prasada Rao, the commissioner informed that APSRTC could take up construction of bus shelters without involving advertising agencies as was being done by the corporation. Krishna Babu said more bus shelters would be provided and the corporation was in the process of finalisation of construction of bus shelters and would be cleared only after a joint inspection with RTC and Traffic police.The commissioner asked the managing director to provide a list of bus shelters which lack facilities so that GHMC would assign the job to agencies which maintain bus shelters.P Suresh Raju, founder of a non-governmental agency Vaada, requested for the provision of pelican crossing on major roads and the GHMC commissioner said viability on major roads would be looked into.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12697500", "title": "Sewa 'plays' into janta's hearts", "text": "AHMEDABAD: On the occasion of Sewa Bharat - the national unifying body of Self Employed Women's Association (Sewa) - completing 40 years, it celebrated by hosting an event at the Seth Mangaldas Town Hall on Monday evening.Sewa Bharat was found in 1984 to coordinate the expansion of Sewa body. Thus the body 'has aimed to capture the strengths and address the challenges of geographical expansion of the Sewa movement.'\"The federation also works towards strengthening new Sewas in states like West Bengal , Delhi, Rajasthan, Bihar and Bareilly, replicating the Gujarat model. Another concern of the body is to build a national identity,\" said Dr Sanjay Kumar , director of Sewa Bharat.The highlight of the evening was a special play on women's movement based on Ela Bhatt's book 'Lari Yudh aur Hum Savitayen'. \"The play was performed by grassroot members of Sewa Madhya Pradesh. None of them are professional actors; they are all vendors, home-based workers, farmers and so on. The play is an attempt to organize women through cultural activities,\" said Kumar.The educative play illustrates how organizing and involving women in various trade activities will liberate them from their various day-to-day struggles. The play projects this through experiences and success stories of Sewa members.\"In comparison to delivering a speech or directly asking the women to join Sewa, when they watch, they are able to identify and connect with the issues. Since the play discusses opportunities that would empower them and help support their families, they immediately get interested to join Sewa,\" explained Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12698574", "title": "SoBo headed for another pothole season", "text": "Only two companies-Dev Engineers and JKD Infrastructurehave bid for pothole repairs in the island city after the BMC re-tendered the work for the area's two zones. However, the civic body is adamant that no changes would be made in the tender conditions. Contrary to media reports, civic authorities maintained that they would stick to cold-mix technologies for pothole repairs in the monsoon.For the island city, the BMC will now invite the lowest bidder from among contractors who submitted bids for the eastern and western suburbs. Additional municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta told TOI, \"We need to check whether the lowest bidder has the capacity to carry out pothole repairs in the two zones of the island city. But no matter what happens, we are not going to change our requirements. We also do not have any plans for switching to hot-mix technologies.\"Following an uproar over the poor condition of roads, the BMC last year selected four new technologies-Carboncor, Road Bond, Wonder Patch and Patchmaker-all cold-mix, after trials. It also made it compulsory for contractors to form joint ventures with the pre-decided suppliers of the technologies.The step was taken after the municipal commissioner and the additional municipal commissioner approved STAC's recommendation to switch over to cold-mix from hot-mix. Experts have been repeatedly calling for the scraping of hot-mix for pothole filling during monsoons.This year, the civic body has made it mandatory for technology-providers to give a fiveyear guarantee for pothole filling work done before the monsoon, and a two-year guarantee for work to be done during the monsoon. But contractors have cried foul, saying the defect liability period for hot-mix work was just one year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12697955", "title": "Karajgaonkar may be held if interim bail ends", "text": "NAGPUR: The city's top education official Mahesh Karajgaonkar faces an imminent arrest threat on Tuesday if his interim bail is not extended by the court.The city police are planning to take the deputy director (education) in custody for further investigations in the multi-crore fake teacher recruitment scam that happened St Vincent School's (SVS), Medical Square.GM Sakharkar, assistant commissioner of police, Nagpur city, said, \"We have evidence that Karajgaonkar was involved in siphoning off of funds from SVS in his capacity as education officer. We want to take him into custody for probing further into this scam which is worth at least Rs 5.17 crore.\"TOI had reported on March 22, 2011, about the three decade old fake teachers' recruitment scam being busted by the education department at SVS.This school received grants from government for teachers' salary. Since 1982, it was furnishing fake employment details to the education department. Unqualified teachers were given identities on paper of government recognized teachers, drew salaries under fake names, withdrew money from provident fund account, and milked tax payers' money which came to school as grants.The scam continued till 2009 when a family feud between the trustees brought the skeletons tumbling out of the closet. Finally, a written complaint by former mayor Kalpana Pande to education department saw an internal inquiry being initiated.The inquiry report prepared by education officer Someshwar Netam indicted nine school employees, some of whom were relatives of the trustees. Netam said, \"After completing the inquiry report, we moved for filing an FIR with the Imambada police.\"However, Karajgaonkar's name did not figure as an accused in either the inquiry report, the FIR or the chargesheet filed by the police. Sakharkar said, \"We are filing an additional chargesheet in which Karajgaonkar's involvement will be detailed. Also, we can arrest him even if his name does not figure in the current chargesheet.\"Karajgaonkar told TOI that he was being victimized by vested interests.\"In 1982, I was not even working with the department hence it is shocking they are naming me. I worked with the department only for six months ending my tenure there in March 2010. How can I know if someone appointed in the 80s is genuine or not? As per rules, it is the school's responsibility to verify the details of their employees.\"He added this was a move by unknown persons to malign education department's image and there was no evidence of his involvement. \"They questioned me four times and I have cooperated fully. I have applied for an anticipatory bail because I have a feeling some people are trying to trap me,\" said Karajgaonkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12696206", "title": "Woman's plea to SC: Child marriage can't deny me a job", "text": "NEW DELHI: A woman who was forced into marriage as a minor and suffered years of abuse before obtaining a divorce and qualifying for the Madhya Pradesh state civil service has petitioned Supreme Court that a law to discourage child marriage is being used unfairly to deny her a job.Responding to Ratnarashi Pandey's plea, the Supre8me Court on Monday issued notice to the MP government on her challenging the validity of a rule that says people who marry as minors are debarred from appointment in the civil services.Ratnarashi was married at the age of 14 and the marriage, marked by physical and mental cruelty, ended 13 years later when she got a divorce. As she got no maintenance from her husband and had to bring up two children, she cleared the state civil services exams only to be told that her marriage as minor disqualified her from a state government job.She has challenged the legal validity of rule 6(5) of MP Civil Services (general condition of service) Rules, 1961, as despite the odds against her, Ratnarashi cleared the examination twice but was rejected because of her marriage over which she had no control.Appearing before a bench of Justices Aftab Alam and Ranjana P Desai, Ratnarashi's counsel Neela Gokhale said her client should not be punished for being married off by her parents when she was a minor. The bench issued notice to the state and directed it to keep one post vacant till further orders.Rule 6(5), inserted into the MP law on March 10, 2005, says, \"No candidate shall be eligible for appointment to a service or post who has married before the minimum age fixed for marriage. The minimum age of marriage for a boy is 21 years while that for a girl is 18 years.\"Since Ratnarashi got married when she was 14, she was refused appointment to MP civil services although she argued that she was a victim rather than an offender.The high court dismissed her petition and justified the provision saying Rule 6(5) had been introduced to prevent child marriages more effectively as various laws to eradicate the social evil had not yielded results.Gokhale said the high court, while dismissing Pandey's petition, ignored welfare legislations in favour of children, which warranted a holistic approach towards this peculiar problem.\"Rule of law does not contemplate any punishment or disqualification of a child who is a victim of such child marriage practice and in fact, even the Declaration of Human Rights of the Child by United Nations specifically declares that any child in conflict of law shall not suffer any disqualification in his career and shall be supported by the state to reform himself as a law abiding citizen,\" she said.Ratnarashi said although she was a victim of the deplorable practice of child marriage in her society, she was being denied an opportunity to live with dignity and respect by earning her livelihood through an appointment in state civil services for which she is eligible and has cleared necessary screening tests.Times ViewThis appears to be a clear case of a well-intentioned law becoming counterproductive when mechanically applied. The idea of discouraging child marriage is undoubtedly correct. However, as the woman in this specific case is pointing out, she can hardly be blamed for the fact that she was married off at14. Common sense dictates that she should be viewed as a victim rather than as someone who is practicing a social evil. She was a minor when she got married and was in no position to object effectively. To punish her for that would be to compound the injustice done to her. If anything, she is to be admired for rising from such a situation to be able to successfully compete in the civil service exams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "karimnagar", "code": "12696557", "title": "13 injured in accident", "text": "KARIMNAGAR: As many as 13 passengers, including five women and six children, suffered injuries when an APSRTC bus rammed into a school bus on the outskirts of Illanthakunta mandal headquarters near here on Monday, police said.According to the police, drivers of both the buses were among those injured. One of the children, Aravind (9) sustained head injuries and was shifted to Sircilla Government Hospital where his condition is reported to be stable, the police", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12697628", "title": "Externment revocation turned downappeal quashed byupheldexternment appeals to revoke Gaikwad rejected", "text": "NASHIK: The appeals made to the state government and Bombay High Court by a couple of externed criminals, Suhas Kande, an NCP activist, and Shobha Gaikwad, to the State Government as well as the Bombay High Courtrespectively, against their externment orders issued to them by the city police commisionerate, have been reportedly quashed by the concerned authorities.NCP activist Suhas Kande, an NCP activist, who was has been externed from the city on February 29, has approached the state Government appealing his externment orders by the city police commissionerate. However, DCP Sahebrao Patil informed that the government has squashed his appeal. Similarly, ShobhaKande was externed on February 29, while Gaikwad (40) who also of the city who has reportedly been involved in a number of incidents of house break-ins within the city, was and externed from city limits the city on January 31. had approached the High Court to get her externment cancelled. But her appeal has also been rejected and the concerned communication has reached the Deputy Commissioner of Police, Sahebrao Patil.Cracking down on the growing crime within the city, since January 31, the city police commissionerate hads externed 19 criminals from the city. owing to their on backdrop of their criminal record.Kande and Gaikwad who were among the 19 ose externed. by the police commissionerate.DCP Sahebrao Patil said that the enquiry process probing of some 11 other individuals people with criminal records is underway and and the required procedures for their externment orders to be issued will be addressed soon. taken up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12700243", "title": "Summer onset brings with it water woes", "text": "BHOPAL: The onset of summer has brought with it water woes as residents in large parts of the state capital including posh Arera Colony, Idgah Hills, Kohe-e-Fiza, parts of BHEL and Nehru Nagar locality in New Bhopal are among others are not getting enough water supply. This is in contrast to some \" VIP colonies\" like Char Imli, 74 and 45 bunglows that enjoy daily water supply at a good pressure.\"Today, the supply was just for 15 minutes,\" Says Sadhna Roy, a college student in E-7 locality. This is not the problem of a day or two, ever since the mercury started going up, the timing of the water supply started going down.Commissioner BMC Rajneesh Shrivastava said, \"The BMC is forced to supply water everyday because of which the tanks cannot be filled to optimum capacity. Also increasing the pump speed and pressure of the Kolar line is not an option as the line would burst. Illegal connections do not make it any easier on the main line.\"He added, \"Currently 62 overhead tanks are being constructed as a part of the Narmada project. The laying of about 1100 km of pipelines along with the tanks would be completed by January end next year. This would be last season of the city's perennial water crisis.\"The increasing water woes of the citizens of Bhopal are not due to inadequate water in different sources but can inadequate distribution system and old pipeline system and mismanagement of resources of the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC), says Bhopal Municipal Corporation sources.Senior Congress corporator of ward no 5 Mahira Salamuddin said, \"The BMC is not able to supply daily water supply in many parts of new and old Bhopal and they are reeling under water crisis.\"The leader of opposition Md Sageer in the BMC council said, \"The BMC is creating problems for residents so that it can rope in more funds from the State. There are hardly any areas which receive daily water as it was promised,\" he saidFrom February 1, the Mayor Krishna Gaur had announced in November that the BMC would daily supply 73 MGD water of which 33 MGD water would be from Kolar reservoir, 25 MGD from Upper Lake, 10 MGD from Narmada and 5 MGD water from ground water sources. This allocation was meant for daily water supply in the whole of the city.Utter mismanagement prevails in water supply in parts of E-7, E-8 and its adjoining localities in Arera Colony, Sonagiri, Indrapuri, the Idgah hills and Koh-e-Fiza, parts of Professor's colony and the Housing Board colony in Nehru Nagar. Here, water is being supplied for 15 to 20 minutes that too with low pressure, complain the residents.Besides, residents in and around Fatehgarh, Hawa Mahal Road, Noor Mahal, Pul Boghda, Aishbagh, Housing Board colony, Chanakyapuri rue the fact that the existing pipeline network is in a dismal state and often develops leaks and snags resulting into water crisis.Over 60% of the city's population has access to piped water supply. Even as Narmada Water Supply project is under implementation, laying pipelines in all parts of the city will take three to four years.Earlier the BMC had planned that the pipes to lay 918 kms of pipelines would be laid in the city. But given the expansion of the city and growing demand for drinking water, it was decided to review the project and extend the pipeline to 2300 kms.The distribution network of pipes is yet to cover over 40% of the city's population. \"Also the cash strapped BMC needs four pumps for supplying water while only one is operational,\" said Salamuddin.\"While a tank takes around 6-8 hours to fill up, it takes only 2 hours to empty it. The system would have sufficed has the tank only catered to 2 areas. But since each tank caters to water supply in four to five localities the tanks are never full,\" the source said.D K Bhawsar, executive engineer Kolar water supply said that currently 31 MGD of water was being drawn from the dam. \"As the demand increases, supply would be raised to 33 MGD in the coming months.\"Salamuddin also offered a solution to tackle the woes. She said, \"By people's consent we have switched to an alternate water supply in Koh-e-Fiza. Now there is sufficient pressure of the water to last for two days in a row.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12697161", "title": "Garment export firm robbery: Three arrested", "text": "GURGAON: Three criminals, who were involved in a robbery after killing a security guard of a garment export firm in Sector 37 in August 2011, have been arrested by the Sector 10A police.The police produced them in a city court on Monday where two of them were sent to judicial custody and one was sent to two days' police remand. Earlier, the police recovered from the criminals robbed items including seven sewing machines, a battery and a computer.The accused were identified as Ajay alias Chaul Singh, Nihal Singh, and Ravi alias Ravinder.A senior police officer said that they have confessed that they murdered security guard Brij Karan, who was working with the garment firm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12696483", "title": "Man hit by train hangs himself in hospital toilet", "text": "CHENNAI: A 47-year-old patient admitted to the trauma ward of the Government General Hospital hanged himself in the toilet.Baskar Das was admitted to the hospital on Sunday with fractures of the collar bone, left elbow and right knee after he was hit by a train at Athipattu. His daughter Sandhya, who found him hanging using a hospital cloth from a pipe in the bathroom, said he suffered from epilepsy. Das of Thiruvottiyur, was working as a loader at an LPG agency in Athipattu.After a series of tests, doctors told his relatives that he was stable and out of danger. He was undergoing treatment at ward 201 and was attended to by his wife. He was responding to treatment and was served lunch in the afternoon. At 5pm, he sent his wife to buy tea and his daughter was waiting outside the ward. Das locked himself inside the bathroom and did not come out for several minutes. When his attenders did not find him in the ward, they searched for him in the other wards. \"We realised he could have gone to the toilet. One of the toilets was locked from inside. We knocked but there was no response. We raised an alarm and the ward boys broke open the door. We saw his body hanging,\" said his son Ram Priyan, a student of Nandanam Arts College.Hospital authorities said they did not know the reason of suicide. \"He had used the hospital cloth to hang himself from a water pipe that was close to the ceiling,\" said a senior doctor, who had attended on Das. His children said he could have developed fits while crossing the railway tracks and was hit by a train.A family member of Das said he was cheerful in the morning. \"We don't know why he took the extreme step. A couple of times he had complained of severe pain,\" said his daughter Sandhya.Hospital administrators said it is virtually impossible to keep a watch on every patient. More than 3,000 people are treated as in-patients in the hospital which sees another 7,000 out-patients a day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12698592", "title": "HC reunites 18-yr-old from Jaipur with lover in city", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Monday came to the rescue of an 18-year-old girl who claimed her family was forcing her into prostitution.A division bench of Justice V M Kanade and Justice P D Kode ordered the authorities to release the girl from the shelter she has been lodged in for the last 37 days and allow her to go with a 22-year-old Ghatkopar resident she is in love with.The court was hearing a petition filed by the girl, originally a resident of Jaipur, saying her family brought her to Mumbai five years ago to force her into prostitution and make her work as a bar girl.The girl claimed that there were many like her who were being forced to work as bar girls and send their earnings to their families in Rajasthan.While working in a bar, she met Parag and they started living together in Ghatkopar two years ago. A few months ago, the girl's brother lodged a missing complaint at the Bangur Nagar police station. The girl claimed that she and Parag surrendered before the police in March, following which the police sent her to a shelter and conducted a medical test, which revealed that she was between 18 and 19 years of age.The court agreed to allow the girl to go with Parag so that they could get married.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12700911", "title": "Grand reception for Shiva Thapa", "text": "GUWAHATI: After scripting history by becoming the youngest Indian boxer to qualify for the Olympics, Shiva Thapa arrived in the city on Sunday to a grand reception by family and All Assam Gorkha Students' Union. The eighteen-year-old achieved this feat in the semifinals of 56-kg category of the Asian Qualifying Event in Astana, Kazakhstan.East Guwahati MLA and former sports minister of Assam Robin Bordoloi on behalf of chief minister Tarun Gogoi announced a monetary reward of Rs 10 lakh for pugilist Thapa during a felicitation programme organized by the Assam Amateur Boxing Association (AABA) in the city. He was felicitated with a traditional Sorai by AABA in association with Numaligarh Refinery Limited. \"Shiva's achievement is a dream come true for us\", said Bordoloi.\"I put in my best efforts in the semifinals of Asian Olympic Qualifier. It was a do or die situation for me. In the finals too, I gave my 200 per cent as I had to stand up to the expectations of my family and the state. When my opponent was one score ahead of me, my coach came near to boost my morale. I told him that I will knock him down in the next rounds. Today it's the beginning of Shiva Thapa\" he said.At a time when the entire state is celebrating Rongali Bihu, Shiva's achievement has added fervour to the festivity.Director, Guwahati centre of Sports Authority of India (SAI), Subhas Basumatary said Shiva is a wonder kid and the state id proud of his recent feat.\"Way back in 2002-03, Shiva's father approached SAI's Guwahati centre with his two sons. Shiva undoubtedly have all the essential qualities to clinch gold in the Olympics\", said Basumatary.A resident of Birubari locality, in his initial days, Thapa received training at Sports Authority of India (SAI) campus in the city. Shiva is the fourth Olympian from the state to qualify for the Olympics. Archer Jayanta Talukdar from Assam has also bagged a London ticket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12699629", "title": "Hope shines for depressed obese souls", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Gudia (name change) weighs more than 100 kg and despite trying all methods of reducing her weight, she is not able to shred the extra flab. As a result of which, she often becomes depressive. However, for Gudia, bariatric surgery may help her.\"With the enhancement in awareness regarding ways to reduce the weight, more and more people are consulting surgeons and most of these obese people want magical results and they think that methods like Liposuction would just do wonders. But, on the other hand when a woman or for that matter a man comes to us with the aim of reducing her or his weight, we suggest him or her to first try all methods for shredding their excess weight by following sustained and consistent exercise with proper diet and things like Liposuction being the last option,\" said Dr Biraj Naithani Panchaal of a Delhi-based super-specialty hospital, while talking to TOI on her visit to Allahabad.Detailing on this subject Dr Naithani, aesthetic and plastic surgeon, further said that weight loss surgery or bariatric surgery is a recently developed branch of laparoscopic surgery which is doing the rounds, not only among the dangerously obese, but among models and actors too. From fat-fit to fit-fat! is the only remark which a patient suffering from morbid obesity would be giving after being treated and losing his or her excess body weight, she added.At an individual level, a combination of excessive caloric intake, lack of physical activity, and genetic susceptibility is thought to explain most cases of morbid obesity. In bariatric surgery, a small pouch is made out of the stomach so as to reduce the size of the stomach. \"The logic is simple. If the volume of the stomach is reduced, then people will eat less and lose weight,\" explains Naithani.\"By reducing the size of the stomach, we restrict the amount of food one can eat at a time and hence the patient feels full after eating only 30% of the food they have consumed earlier. The calorie intake being reduced, the body is forced to burn the stored fat resulting in weight loss,\" she said.Talking of the benefits of this form of surgery, Dr Probal Neogi of the MLN Medical College said that there is a 75%- 90% improvement in diabetes , 86% resolution of sleep apnea, and about 62% resolution of hypertension. \"Weight loss surgery is an option only when obesity is life threatening as it is indicated only when BMI (body mass index) exceeds 32, in the Indian context,\" said Dr Neogi.Dr Probal, who is himself trained in laparoscopic surgery from Edinburgh , said that this is not a cosmetic surgery and even after surgery, patients have to consciously work to keep their food intake low and maintain a strict exercise schedule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12698048", "title": "Karauli dacoit encounter still being probed: Dhariwal", "text": "JAIPUR: The Opposition on Monday raised the controversy related to alleged encounter of a dacoit by the state police in Karauli district last week.CPM legislator Amra Ram alleged that the incidents of fake encounter were increasing in the state and that the policemen were apparently killing people for \"revenges\". He referred to the encounter of Rameshwar Gujjar, a dacoit killed by Karauli district's Karanpur police on April 13.Parliamentary affairs minister Shanti Dhariwal, however, refuted the legislator's charge that it was a fake encounter. \"The cause of death of the dacoit is still under investigation. As the forensic examination report is yet to be received, it is not proper to call it a fake encounter,\" Dhariwal told the House.The minister emphasised that the medical board's report said that Gujjar died of asphyxia due to tracheal injury. \"This means the person could have died of blood clotting in the trachea because of a bullet wound. It cannot be said that he was strangulated, as is being alleged,\" Dhariwal reasoned.The minister also pointed out that the medical report said no blood was found in Gujjar's heart. \"If he were strangulated, there should have been blood in the heart. But since he was injured and was carried by the policemen on shoulders for 4 km in the hilly terrain, he suffered excessive bleeding,\" Dhariwal said. He maintained that of the three injuries found on the killed dacoit's body, at least one was grave.Defending the state police, the minister said, \"The policemen also brought with them Jagmohan Meena, the captured accomplice of Gujjar. If the encounter were fake, the police would not have left the eyewitness alive.\"The CPM legislator earlier alleged that the policemen seemed to be staging fake encounters to take revenges or simply \"to get promotions\". However, the ruling party legislators from the Dholpur region, Ramesh Meena and Giriraj Singh Malinga strongly opposed the CPM legislator's remarks. \"We live in the region where these dacoits operate. They make life difficult for the common man. What should the police do if not kill them? Who will face the dacoits' bullets?\" Malinga, who is also the parliamentary secretary, argued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12697974", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation, Central Railway to discuss octroi evasion", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) officials will hold discussions with officials of Central Railway (CR) on Tuesday about the octroi evasion from railway station.As per official sources, the meeting will be held at Central Railway's office at 12 noon. \"The meeting will be held between assistant commissioner (octroi) Milind Meshram and divisional commercial manager of CR Mukul Kumar. NMC will seek the help of CR to strength the octroi collection system at the Eastern side of the railway station,\" said sources.There had been many allegations of octroi evasion from railway station in the past. Evidence for it came on Friday when a squad of NMC's octroi department caught officials of Railway Protection Force (RPF) itself red-handed while helping a trader evade octroi. Taking serious cognizance of the revenue loss to the NMC, chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari directed the officials of NMC to resolve the issue in association with the CR officials. Accordingly, Meshram has convened the meeting with CR officials.As per civic body officials, the cases of octroi evasion has increased.since shifting of parcel office and godown from Western side (main entrance) of the railway station to Eastern side (Santra Market). If everything goes right, NMC will be able to increase the revenue from octroi that is a major source of income for the civic body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12702026", "title": "Allu Aravind in search for a 50 lakh director", "text": "Allu Aravind is one intelligent producer of Tollywood who finds right scripts and directors to invest his money. He is now on a mission to hunt a 50 lakh budget director.Geetha Arts, Aravind's banner, generally makes films with high commercial values and hence mammoth budgets. With films like \"Love Failure\" and \"Ee Rojullo\" scoring superb success at BO, this mega producer has changed his mind, it seems. He now wants a director who can make the film under a shoe string budget of 50 lakh. Both the above mentioned films were made on tiny budget and pocketed decent profits for their makers. To find such directors, Allu Aravind is said to be attending a lot of short film festivals in and around Hyderabad and Chennai, say sources. Source: gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12698466", "title": "Hidden sea of plankton off Kollam lures migrating fish", "text": "KOCHI: A research scholar of Cochin University of Science and Technology ( Cusat) has discovered the presence of underwater mounts within a 100 to150-kilometre radius between the Kochi and Kollam coast. It is good news for the fisheries sector, with coastal waters no longer providing the fish yield they used to.These underwater mounts are home to huge amounts of chlorophyll in the monsoon season that leads to high growth of phytoplankton which is food for fish. \"A circular cold pool forms at the surface adjacent to the tallest mount in June that radially grows to further cool the region till it dissipates in September,\" said Johnson Zachariah, research scholar at Cusat's department of atmospheric sciences.These underwater formations occur in the continental shelf south of 10oN where it widens to form a wedge at 8.45oN with several mounts on it. The tallest mount is 120m high. What makes this region unique is that the cooling happens due to the influence of winds and remotely triggered coastally trapped Kelvin waves.\"Upwelling is a process through which the subsurface cooler nutrient rich water comes to the surface. The nutrient rich water attracts planktons and is food to the fish population,\" said Dr C K Rajan, Johnson's research guide and atmospheric scientist. \"We are looking at it in the backdrop of existing fish migrating to cooler places due to warming of oceans. This can be mitigated to a great extent.\"Experts believe that this region can be used as breeding ground for pelagic fishes like oil sardines and mackarels which are already migrating due to warmer temperatures.\"During the southwest monsoon months, chlorophyll concentration increases due to the intense coastal upwelling. But within the region there is a bulge in spatial spread of chlorophyll-a concentration towards the offshore. This bulge seen from the satellite images forms in June, parallel to the formation of the cold pool. This intense chlorophyll activity can be considered one of the reasons for the high productivity and fish catch in the region,\" Dr Rajan said.Johnson says that the dimensions of the tallest mount can be altered using artificial sea mounts. \"A lot of advanced studies are going on in the universities of Japan on artificial sea mounts which are conical structures placed on the actual mounts to increase the area of cooling water so that these can be converted into one of the biggest synthetically generated fishing zones,\" he explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12700435", "title": "Delhi election results: BJP surging ahead in all three municipalities", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP was surging ahead in all the three municipal corporations of Delhi leaving the Congress behind as counting of votes progressed for the polls held two days ago.Of the 17 results declared by the State Election Commission so far, BJP has bagged 16 wards in all the three corporations while Congress has won one seat.As per the trends available, BJP is leading in 131 wards out of the total 272 wards while Congress is ahead in 66 seats. Others, including BSP, is ahead 54 seats.In South Delhi Corporation, BJP has won or is leading in as many as 41 out of the 104 wards while Congress was ahead in 29 seats. Interestingly, others are leading in 32 seats.BJP has won or leading in 30 seats in East Delhi Corporation, which has 64 wards, while Congress is ahead in 11 seats.In North Delhi Corporation, which has 104 seats, BJP is ahead in 60 seats while Congress is ahead in 26 seats.The counting is taking place in 33 centres across the city. Polling was held on Sunday in which 55 per cent of the 1.15 crore voters exercised their franchise.The first result to be declared was that of Shahdara (SC) in East Corporation where BJP's Balbir Singh defeated Congress' Jagdish by a margin of 1,28 votes. Singh polled 6,809 votes while his nearest rival got 5,571 votes.BJP's Subhash Arya, the Leader of undivided MCD House, trumped his rival from Congress Manmohan Singh Kochar.Delhi BJP chief Vijender Gupta's wife Shobha has won in Rohini Central defeating her Congress rival Dr Monica Puri.Stakes are high for both the national parties in the municipal polls, considered as a semifinal ahead of the assembly elections next year.In the 2007 polls to the undivided Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD), BJP had bagged 36.17 per cent of the around 42.35 lakh votes polled while Congress got 29.17 per cent. BSP's vote share was 9.87 per cent.BJP, which has 164 councillors in the undivided MCD against Congress' 67 and BSP's 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12698029", "title": "A few parents support fee hike, provide twist to row", "text": "COIMBATORE: In a twist to the excess fee row between the management and some parents of students of Sri Gopal Naidu School in Peelamedu, a few parents have told the district collector that they were willing to pay the fee demanded by the school. A section of parents was trying to disrupt the normal functioning of the school by raising the excess fee issue, they claimed.\"Because of a few parents, the school is not able to function properly. We want police to take action against them,\" said G J Radhakrishnan, a parent.\"We had a meeting on April 12. The management said it was planning some development projects. However, some parents opposing the projects used abusive language against the management. We want the officials to know that we are happy with the school's initiatives,\" said A Narayanasamay, another parent.Some of the parents opposing the fees had a different tale to tell. Sri Gopal Naidu School Parents Welfare Association president D Sreenivasan said a meeting with the Revenue District Officer some weeks ago decided that the school would not charge more fees than prescribed by the fee monitoring committee. \"When the management came up with its proposal we objected to it and some parents abused us. Without creating any trouble we left the hall,\" he said.A management representative on condition of anonymity said a few parents were creating trouble. \"There are a few. Most parents do not agree with them,\" he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12697495", "title": "Woman jumps off second floor, youth hangs self", "text": "NOIDA: Two days after twin suicides rocked the city, two more residents ended their lives on Monday.Ranjana Kumar, who was in her forties, jumped off the terrace of her Sector 37 residence. Cops said she was allegedly suffering from depression. In another incident, Chandan Srivastava (22), a resident of Sector 31, killed himself by hanging from a ceiling fan. The bodies have been sent for autopsy.Ranjana, who worked as a teacher, jumped off the second floor terrace of her house around 8.30am, police said. The thud created by her fall alerted the colony guard and her domestic help who came running to find out what had happened, said police officials. Her neighbours rushed her to the nearby Bharadwaj Hospital were she was declared dead.The deceased is survived by her 22-year-old son, who is enrolled for a course in the Merchant Navy, a sister who is in Class IX and her husband, a Colonel in the Indian Army, said police. As Colonel Sanjay Kumar is posted in Bhopal and his son was studying in Pune, Ranjana was living alone with her mother-in-law and daughter.Ranjana was allegedly suffering from depression since the last five years, cops said. \"We are conducting an investigation into her death,\" a police official said.In the second incident, 22-year-old Chandan, who used to work as a computer operator with a city firm was found hanging at his house on Monday morning by his roommate, Bahadur. Chandan was allegedly in love with a girl whose marriage was arranged with someone else, police said after conducting a primary investigation into the alleged suicide.It appears to be a case of a love affair gone bad, cops said. Police are investigating why Chadan took the extreme step.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12697404", "title": "Gujarat University students seek third semester result", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Students of third semester MCom and MA exams have represented to the Gujarat University (GU) to declare the subject-wise result at the earliest so that they can fill in the forms of the fourth semester. The GU has declared the result on its website but details are not given.Students said that they have to fill in the forms of the third and fourth semester wherein they have to mention that subjects in which they have failed the exams. Since the online result is not in detail, they have not been able to fill in the exam forms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12697604", "title": "Police Patil can't contest polls, rules high court", "text": "NAGPUR: In what could be termed as an important verdict, the Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court ruled that Police Patil cannot contest elections. \"Taking into consideration the settled position of law, it is clear that Police Patil of village Wasi, was holder of civil post and was prohibited to take any active participation in politics and election,\" a division bench comprising justices Bhushan Dharmadhikari and Prasanna Varale ruled. The court upheld the Umrer subdivisional magistrate's order of removing Ashok Raut from the post of Police Patil after a lengthy legal battle that stretched to almost 17 years.The court's ruling came while hearing a plea by Shriram Bhoyar (35), a resident of Bhiwapur tehsil in Nagpur district, who had objected to Raut's participation in the political activities and also his decision to contest the polls of Wasi Sahakari Sanstha as a sponsored candidate of a political party. Raut was also alleged to have actively participated in canvassing the candidature of his brother in the same election.The petitioner had earlier raised the objection with subdivisional magistrate in this regard. After the latter issued a notice to Raut, he admitted that he had contested the election for the managing committee member and got elected, and there is no prohibition to contest society's polls for the Police Patil.The magistrate, while observing that Raut, being a Police Patil, though prohibited from taking part in political activities, participated in the election, directed his removal from the service on December 15, 1994. Raut challenged this order before additional commissioner in Nagpur who ruled in his favour on August 7, 1995 after setting aside the magistrate's orders. Bhoyar challenged this order in the high court.Citing the Maharashtra Village Police Patil Act, 1967, justices Dharmadhikari and Varale criticized the additional commissioner's order stating that it reflects that he had \"lost the sight of the facts and also the non-application of mind\".Quoting a Supreme Court judgment, the judges stated that the policy of the law is to keep government servants aloof from politics and also to protect them from being imposed on by those with influence or in positions of authority and power, and to prevent the machinery of government from being used in furtherance of a candidate's return.\"The facts on record clearly indicate that in spite of such prohibition, Raut was found not only taking active participation in politics but also contesting the election, and further taking active role in canvassing the candidature. It also reveals from the record that he was sponsored by a political party in the polls,\" the court observed.\"Taking overall view of the matter, we find that this material aspect is totally overlooked by the additional commissioner and the conclusion arrived at is erroneous and unsustainable,\" the court said before setting aside additional commissioner order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12698254", "title": "Hop on, learn more about killer disease", "text": "BANGALORE: With her 10-year-old daughter Aastha in tow, Mahalakshmi (names changed) was one of the first people to board the Red Ribbon Express. The eight-bogie train on a mission to spread awareness on HIV/AIDS across 23 states chugged into Cantonment railway station on Monday.The mother-daughter duo waited patiently for the train to be inaugurated so that they could step in and get a first-hand learning experience. Mahalakshmi, a sex worker, was diagnosed with HIV in 2008, fortunately, much after her daughter was born.\"I am on medication and visit the ART centre in Bowring Hospital regularly. My husband sold me off after my daughter was born in 2002. I was brought to Bangalore and pushed into this trade. I am uneducated, so I did not know anything about this disease,\" said Mahalakshmi, a native of Andhra Pradesh.\"About four years ago, when I started falling ill frequently, I was taken to a government hospital. Over there I was diagnosed with HIV. I don't know how long I will live, but I don't want my daughter to be in this trade. I want to give her good education,\" she added.A social activist told her about Red Ribbon Express. \"I want my daughter to learn everything about HIV, so that she can behave responsibly. I don't want her to suffer from the hardships I faced,\" she explained.Thanks to the summer vacation, many children accompanied by their parents visited the train on Monday.Said Uma Krishnan: \"I think this is a good learning tool for my daughters. They are teenagers and must be given sex education. This train explains almost all aspects of HIV-AIDS, so I brought them here.\"Dr Arul Selvi, an ophthalmologist with a government hospital, brought her sons to board the train. \"Instead of teaching them about HIV/AIDS at home, it's better to bring the kids here so they can learn about the disease and be responsible youths,\" said Selvi.The train, which was launched on January 12, 2012 in New Delhi, is on a yearlong mission to spread the message on the killer disease. Students of various medical and nursing colleges worked as volunteers to spread awareness in the bogies. Red Ribbon Express will leave for Mysore on Tuesday.Said Dr Anita Chaturvedi, a student of MS Ramaiah Dental College: \"We will be deputed at the station for two days and talk to people about the disease.\"Law minister S Suresh Kumar , who inaugurated the train, said, \"The message being delivered in different coaches will help educate people, especially those from rural areas. These patients need our compassion, not ignorance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12697678", "title": "Temporary relief for city builders over 20% quota", "text": "NASHIK: The deadlock over 20% reservation for economically weaker sections (lower income groups) in housing projects over 2,000 sq m in size, which had led to all residential building plans being kept on hold by confused town planning departments since January, has been resolved temporarily. The state government has decided to implement the 20% quota after inviting suggestions and objections and is planning to enforce it according to the due process of law.The state on January 18 had issued a notification making reservation of 20% for the economically weaker sections in housing projects coming up on 2,000 sq m land mandatory.After the notification was issued, the town planning department of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) kept all residential building plans on hold, seeking guidelines from the government. As a result, over 100 building plans are pending for approval of the town planning department since January.On April 13, the urban development department of the state government issued a corrigendum to its notification stating - \"In government of urban development department's notification of even number dated January 18, 2012, following Para in the Schedule- A, after Sr. No. 5 shall be inserted as follows: The above regulation shall be applicable after it is finally sanctioned by the government under section 37 (1AA) (C) of the said Act.\"Speaking to TOI, Kiran Chavan, Nashik unit president of the confederation of real estate developers' association of India (CREDAI), said, \"With continuous follow-up by Credai, the state government has decided to implement the 20% quota after inviting suggestions and objections for the same. The state government has issued a corrigendum stating that the 20% reservation will be implemented following modification in the present notification.\"\"Construction activities dipped in the city as approvals for the plans for new building projects were stopped by the town planning department. Hence, this had started creating a shortage of houses in the city. But the deadlock has been resolved with the government's decision. The approval to new residential building plans, which had been kept on hold by the town planning department almost since January, are expected to be issued shortly,\" Chavan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12697515", "title": "Bombay High Court flays govt for failing to file reply", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court on Monday flayed the Maharashtra government for its failure to file reply to the court's earlier directives on removal of encroachments from Bezonbagh.The court came down heavily on the government as an additional commissioner was present in the hearing even though the court had asked the divisional commissioner to remain present. Expressing deep anguish over government's attitude, court granted last chance to its officials to remain present on Friday will relevant records.\"Earlier applications were filed on July last year, but no reply came from your side. Then on August 9 last year, you sought time for it but still not filed it. Now it's April and reply is still awaited,\" the court observed.During the last hearing, the issued notice to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan while dismissing all government's objections of adding CM as a respondent. Earlier, Firdos Mirza appearing for the petitioner - Bezonbag Pragatisheel Kamgar Griha Nirman Sanstha Maryadit - made serious allegations that government officials were hand-in-glove with the encroachers.Minister criticised, asked to pay 5,000The high court directed Bhandara guardian minister Ranjit Kamble to pay 5,000 to petitioner Bhandara ZP's public works committee chairman Charan Waghmare.The petitioner alleged that the minister, had replaced the list of ZP works of 62 items having administrative sanction with his own list. The court observed that Kamble had allowed himself to go out of the way and tried to subvert and dilute the powers conferred on the Zilla Parishad under the Act and under Article 243 of the Constitution of India.The court further warned that the minister treated himself like 'king' and Zilla Parishad like his 'subject'. Besides imposing costs on the minister, the court also directed the executive engineer, district planning officer and the collector, to pay 2,000 each towards costs of the petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "12698084", "title": "Mother sent to judicial custody", "text": "BURDWAN: A day after a Class-VI student was allegedly beaten to death by his parents, the mother, Asha Biwi was remanded in 14 days' judicial custody by Yasmin Ahmed, the chief judicial magistrate of Burdwan, on Monday. Police arrested Asha on Sunday evening, while the victim's father, Mukul Sheikh, is absconding.The boy, Monirul Haq, had gone to the house of his private tutor Amirulla on Friday morning when he reportedly stole his mobile phone and sold it off to a friend for Rs 100. When Amirulla got to know about the incident and informed Asha, she locked him up in a room. Monirul's father then thrashed him with a stick till he fell unconscious. The boy was taken to the hospital and hesuccumbed to his injuries on Saturday evening.Asha reportedly told police that she and her husband wanted to teach her son a lesson and had no intention of killing him, Bhatar police said. Police arrested Asha on the basis of a complaint lodged by neighbour Sheikh Alam.Amirulla said, \"I am really shocked andcannot believe that one of my students was beaten to death just because he stole my cell phone. I have not lodged any complaint.\" Police suspect Monirul's father Mukul is hiding at a relative's place and a raid is on.A Class-VI boy was allegedly beaten to death by his parents for stealing and selling off the mobile phone of his tutor. The incident took place in Bhumsor village of Burdwan's Bhatar. The police arrested the boy's mother, Asha Biwi, on Sunday evening, but his father is absconding. Asha was produced in court on Monday and sent to 14 days in judicial custody by Yasmin Ahmed, the chief judicial magistrate of Burdwan.The boy, Monirul Haq, 13, was a student of Bamsole High School in Bhatar. On Friday morning, Monirul had gone to the house of his private tutor Amirulla for tuition classes when he stole his mobile phone. Later, he sold it to a friend for Rs 100. When his friend, who studies at the same tuition, came to know that the phone belonged to Amirulla, he immediately returned it.The boy also narrated the incident to him following which Amirulla informed Monirul's mother Asha Biwi about it. On hearing about her son's act, Asha got infuriated and locked him up in a room. When her husband Mukul Sheikh, a share cropper, returned from work, she told him about the incident as well. Mukul then reportedly thrashed his son with bamboo sticks till he slumped to the ground and fell unconscious. Monirul was taken to the Burdwan Medical College and Hospital where he succumbed to his injuries on Saturday evening.Sheikh Alam, a neighbor who had witnessed the parents beating up the boy, informed police and lodged an FIR. Based on the complaint, Asha Biwi was arrested under section 304 of the IPC. Asha reportedly confessed to Bhatar police of committing the crime and told them that she and her husband wanted to teach her son a lesson and had no intentions to kill him, said police.Confirming the incident, officer in charge of Bhatar police station, Sanjay Kundu, said, \"On Friday morning the boy had gone to the tutor's house for his classes from where he stole the mobile phone. The boy was beaten up with bamboo sticks till he became unconscious.\"Amirulla said, \"I am really shocked and cannot believed that one of my students was beaten to death just because he stole my cell phone. I have not lodged any complaint.\" Police suspect Monirul's father Mukul is hiding at a relative's place and a raid is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12697446", "title": "Virat Zade death case: 87 city schools made party in PIL", "text": "NAGPUR: In fresh twist to the PIL in Virat Zade death case, the amicus curiae has added 87 schools from the city to the list of respondents, as per directives of the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court.Amicus curiae Firdos Mirza confirmed the Regional Transport Office (RTO) had sent a list of 100 schools providing bus services to students, and 87 of them were added to the list of respondents after scrutiny. All of them would be served notices at the court's expense through the special bailiff.Virat (9), a student of Central India Public School, was crushed under the school bus while returning home on January 9 at Hudkeshwar, when he tried to retrieve his tiffin from under the vehicle. Taking suo motu cognisance of media reports highlighting lapses by school managements in running bus services, the court had asked CBSE to explore the possibility of derecognizing Central India Public School.The judges had also instructed RTO to cancel registration of the killer vehicle and suggested similar steps at all schools to prevent school buses from running without conductors.During last hearing, a division bench comprising justices Bhushan Dharmadhikari and Arun Chaudhari had directed the amicus curiae to join all schools which use bus facility as respondents. CS Kaptan, appearing for CBSE, informed that an officer not below the rank of deputy secretary would be deputed and asked to complete the enquiry within eight weeks.Government pleader Nitin Sambre had said appropriate rules to safeguard the children were already in place. The bench had asked Mirza to verify the records and file additional/supplementary affidavit by next date.Mirza had highlighted compelling circumstances in which students travel, role and need for coordination among government departments, and responsibilities of schools and parents. He insisted on directions to the state to lay down policy with special emphasis on transportation, including responsibility of schools and offices in the education department. He had pointed out that there is no act, rules or regulations to govern private schools.Referring to Right to Education (RTE) Act, Mirza said it is the duty of the government to ensure availability of schools in the neighbourhood.He argued that due to non-availability of good schools in nearby areas, students are compelled to travel by buses, mini vans and autorickshaws.He claimed the government has powers to regulate school buses but absence of rules and regulations is resulting in accidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12698627", "title": "Car crash victim has surgery, deceased kin help raise funds", "text": "MUMBAI: The family of Priyanka Rai (22), the only girl to have survived the March 31 car crash on Juhu Tara Road, has found support from unexpected quarters as they grapple with mounting medical expenses. The family of Shivani Rawat, who died soon after the mishap, has joined the Rais in raising money for Priyanka's treatment.Priyanka underwent her first surgery on Monday at Criticare Hospital in Andheri. Doctors who operated on her called it a \"complicated surgery because of her semi-conscious state\". Orthopaedic surgeon Dr Harshad Argekar said: \"The surgery was to fix the fracture on her left thigh bone. She also has a fracture on her collar bone but we will not operate on that right now,\" he said.Normally, trauma victims are operated on within a day or two of an accident; in Priyanka's case, there was a delay of two weeks due to her comatose condition. She started breathing naturally only four days ago.Argekar said her brain functioning was gradually improving, but it was still a long road ahead for Priyanka. \"It would be very difficult to say from the medical point-of-view how long she will take to get back to normalcy,\" he said, adding that with good physiotherapy, nutrition and nursing care, her recovery should be faster.However, her fortnight's stay at the hospital has already put the family under much financial constraint. Priyanka's father, Markandey Rai, said the daily expenses, including room, doctors, medicines, etc were going up to Rs 35,000. So far, they have already spent close to Rs 6 lakh for the treatment.He said the family has got much needed moral support from Shivani's parents. \"They have been visiting us regularly, getting updates on my daughter's condition,\" he said. Markandey also said Shivani's family has put together contacts numbers of several trusts, which could help them. \"This surgery has cost us close to Rs 70,000. And, as we understand, her stay is going to be long,\" said the father, who works as a superviser in a transport company for a monthly remuneration of Rs 15,000.Markandey, like Shivani's father Mahendra Singh Rawat, lamented that never after the incident did Rahul Mishra-who was driving the car in an inebriated state-or his family tried to contact them. Shivani had succumbed to her injuries few hours after the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12701685", "title": "No buyers for Raviteja\u2019s Daruvu", "text": "Actor Raviteja's upcoming film \" Daruvu\" has no takers in few key regions in Andhra Pradesh. Buyers are not showing any interest in the movie, especially when they have a choice of choosing other movies over Raviteja's.Things are no more as they used to be, or so it seems. Just a year back, it was a different story altogether. There were many interested in buying Raviteja's films, but all that has changed now. It is being said that perhaps a series of flops had led to buyers being apprehensive about Raviteja's movies. After \"Dongala Mutha\" failed at the box office, it was followed by a miserable \"Veera\". And then came \"Nippu\" earlier this year, which sort of confirmed buyers' fears. Now, it seems the makers of \"Daruvu\" will have to take risk and release the film on their own to take advantage of the summer holidays, at least. Source: gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12700297", "title": "John Abraham in Siddique's next film?", "text": "After tasting success with his maiden Bollywood film, 'Bodyguard', South director Siddique is all set to make yet another Hindi movie and has approached John Abraham for it. 'Bodyguard', a romantic film starring Salman Khan and Kareena Kapoor , marked Siddique's debut as a director in the Mumbai film industry.The film released last year during Eid, and became a huge hit at the box office. B-town was abuzz with reports that his second outing would again be a remake of his South movie. But the director has rubbished the reports. \"It is not a remake. The script is very much fresh and original. We have locked the script. It is an action film, with elements of comedy and romance. It is not exactly like Bodyguard ,\" Siddique told PTI.\"We have approached John Abraham. The discussions are on with him. He has prior commitments.. so talks are on, as to how we can take this forward. Once we finalise the hero, then we will think of leading lady,\" he said.Having started his innings in Bollywood with Dabangg Salman Khan wasn't he the first choice for his next venture ? To which Siddique says the actor did not suit the role. \"We did not approach Salman Khan for this role. The story and the concept that this film has it does not go with Salman. It does not match upto him. In the future if I have something interesting then I would definitely like to work with him,\" he said.\"The story is about a man who comes to India for an assignment. In this film, the actor is an action hero,\" he said without divulging more details about the plot of his upcoming film.The film will be shot in Mumbai and some portions abroad. The shooting would begin from August this year and we would try and release it by the end of this year. It will be produced by Shyam and Narendra Bajaj, who have produced Emraan Hashmi starrer, Train (2007).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12698076", "title": "Nightclubs allege breather bias", "text": "KOLKATA: Forty-eight hours after Venom shut down, nightclubs in Kolkata have alleged discrimination after being refused permission to stay open till 2am during IPL matches.They have pointed out that the excise department has allowed only a couple of nightclubs late-closure clearance for the nights that Team Kolkata plays their home matches, but turned down the rest without giving an explanation.The disgruntled clubs have written to the police commissioner through the Hotel and Restaurant Association of Eastern India (HRAEI). Venom shut down on Friday following weeks of thin attendance after the Cinderella Hour diktat.\"Last Friday, we came to know that late closure permission is being given for IPL match nights in Kolkata. We immediately put in an application but the excise department made it clear that the concession is being made only for two five-star nightclubs. For the rest, no exception will be made to the 11.30 p.m. deadline,\" said Arvind Bhatnagar, CEO of Sheesha, adding that it amounted to discrimination.\"One of the clubs involved has been hosting IPL parties so it is acceptable if they are allowed a late closure. But what about the other one?\" he asked.Fusion, the Golden Park nightclub, was refused permission on Monday. \"It was while drafting the application that I had called the excise department to clarify a technical point. They told me that I need not bother to write because the permission would be restricted to just two clubs. We are taken aback,\" said Nadeem Siddiqui, assistant food and beverages manager of Fusion. The 11.30 p.m. deadline, imposed after the Park Street rape in February, has cost nightclubs dearly with footfall tumbling sharply.Bunty Sethi, owner of Venom, said he had been asked to apply for a late closure on match-nights. \"Incredibly, we were refused. In any case, it wouldn't have made a difference to the dwindling footfall. But why make an exception for a couple of clubs? If this continues, more nightclubs will have to shut down,\" said Sethi.It makes no sense to stay open till two on a weeknight, even for a KKR match, said Siddiqui. \"Few are going to turn up for habits have changed. A one-off late closure won't attract crowds unless the match generates a huge interest,\" he said.The HHI nightclub Basement, too, was turned down. \"We had sought the license after being told that it might be given. But eventually, they backed out,\" said an employee. Sheesha had sought a late closure license for the Poila Boisakh night as well. \"Since you get huge crowds on the Bengali New Year day, we thought it was fair to ask for a late closure. It was promptly refused. This doesn't augur well for the hospitality and entertainment business in Kolkata,\" said Bhatnagar.The excise department said that an exception has been made for two five-star nightclubs. \"Initially, we, too, were under the impression that the extension applies to all nightclubs. But when we saw the order it became clear that it was meant just for the two. They are hosting players and officials and had requested an extension which has been granted. For the rest, the 11.30pm deadline holds,\" said Ranjit Pal, OC, F-zone.HRAEI executive committee member SK Khullar termed the excise department move \"surprising\". \"This is unfair,\" said Khullar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12699029", "title": "Centre relieved as Mamata skips security meet", "text": "NEW DELHI: West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee chose to stay away from the CMs' conference on internal security on Monday for good reasons and had made it clear to the Centre that she would be sending her representative to the meeting but would not attend it.The UPA ally and Trinamool chief clearly does not want to be seen as confronting the Centre at a time when the presidential elections are coming up and the Congress will need Mamata on its side. Maintaining peace with the Centre also works out well for her at this juncture as she will be able to gauge how much of funds flow into the state, after the annual budget outlay has been worked out for Bengal. The Centre too is relieved as it certainly avoids the embarrassment of a coalition partner being part of the opposition club.Her party's stand on most of the issues that were listed on Monday's agenda are well known and are closer to that of the opposition's view rather than with the government.With many issues like the NCTC, having to do with federal powers of the state, Mamata knew she would have to voice her opinion alongside CMs from the opposition parties. She therefore tactically decided to skip the meeting though she plans to turn up for the NCTC meeting on May 5.On May 5, the presidential polls issue would have progressed to some extent and Mamata would be clearer on where she stands on it and what the UPA's plans are. Also, she will be clear on whether the funds assured to the state are flowing in at the right pace.On Monday, the CM's speech, which was read out by state finance minister Amit Mitra at the chief ministers' conference, sought to blame neighbouring states for the Maoist problem and charged the Centre with not supplementing efforts of her government in tackling various internal security-related problems.\"Bengal cannot remain an island of peace if the bordering states remain disturbed and the Maoist problem in those states is not tackled effectively . Our state administration is in constant touch with its counterparts in the adjoining states. However, the central government should play an effective coordinating role in this matter and provide valuable intelligence inputs having inter-state implications and also necessary resources ,\" she said.On the issue of the NCTC, Mamata said, \"It upsets the country's federal structure. I have already written to you (Prime Minister Manmohan Singh ) on the matter and will elaborate my views at length and in detail at the separate meet being convened (on May 5).\" All non-Congress chief ministers, barring Mamata, who had come together to oppose the Centre on the proposed NCTC and other issues, attended the conference.\"I am sorry to mention here that while the state government's scheme of distribution of rice to all tribal families of leftwing extremism affected area has contributed significantly to the neutralization of discontent among the people in the area, the central government has drastically reduced the quota of BPL rice for the state.\"Interestingly, Mamata has asked for a raise of funds from Rs 30 crore to Rs 300 crore (per district) from the Centre for the three Maoist affected districts of Purulia, Bankura and West Midnapore.WHAT CMs SAYWest Bengal cannot remain an island of peace if the bordering states remain disturbed and the Maoist problem is not tackled effectively. The Centre should play an effective coordinating role and provide intelligence inputs with inter-state implications and resourcesMamata Banerjee | WEST BENGAL CMDescribing the NCTC issue an \"imbroglio\" , Gujarat CM Narendra Modi said it was part of a series of unsavoury episodes that had taken place and highlighted the \"unilateral\" approach of the Centre. He accused the Union govt of failing to instil faith in the common man about the nation's defence preparedness As you know, we have had a crisis involving the abduction of an MLA of the Odisha legislative assembly and also two Italian nationals by Left-wing extremists and this delay (of holding a CMs' meet on federal issues) will only aggravate such problems.Naveen Patnaik | ORISSA CMIt (officials' meet on NCTC) served little purpose and we are not aware of any positive outcome of that meet. In any case, the core issue being violation of the principle of federalism, the only level at which meaningful discussion could be held is between heads of govt at the Centre and states.Nitish Kumar | BIHAR CMMP CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan opposed NCTC, BSF and RPF Act, saying that steps like these were an attack on federalism and against the constitutional framework The issue of NCTC required national consensus. It must not affect our federal structure.Raman Singh | CHHATTISGARH CMPunjab deputy CM Sukhbir Singh Badal asked for a budget increase of 120 cr for modernization of police &amp; allocation of an additional Rs 50 crore for training and equipment of Special Security Group, allowing raising one more Indian Reserve Battalion Crediting strict surveillance of the border to security forces, J&K; CM Omar Abdullah said there was a 45.26% decline in infiltration in 2011. There has also been an increase in the number of pilgrims at Vaishno Devi shrine, crossing the one-crore mark for the first time, signaling normalcy in the Valley.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12697478", "title": "Govt cash doles for health workers", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a major step to boost better spacing of children among Indian women, the health ministry has decided to reward its 8.61 lakh strong community of Accredited Social Health Activists (ASHAs), if they manage to get women delay child birth after marriage.The Mission Steering Group of the National Rural Health Mission, headed by health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad on Monday decided to give Rs 500 to every ASHA who manages to get a woman have her first child two years after getting married.Further, if the ASHA manages to get a woman to have her second child after a gap of three years of having her first baby, she will get an additional Rs 500. However, if the ASHA can impress upon couples to stop after having their second child, she will be given Rs 1,000 more.\"One of the most important decisions taken by the MSG is on incentivizing ASHAs with cash if they manage to help women space their children better. At present, 45% of maternal deaths are taking place in the age group of 15-24 years,\" NRHM mission director Anuradha Gupta told TOI.Lack of proper spacing between two children is adversely affecting the mothers' health and children's chances of survival. Unicef says an average Indian woman delivers her second baby within 31 months of giving birth to her first child. Earlier studies have reported a higher incidence of low birth weight and premature delivery among babies conceived within six months of a previous birth, compared to those conceived after 18 to 23 months.Experts say it takes at least two years for a woman's body to recover from childbirth. Since nearly 52% of women in India are anaemic, a woman has to let her body replenish lost nutrients and the blood that she loses during delivery. At present, almost 3 in 5 women (59%) are having theirsecond child within three years of having their first. Andhra Pradesh leads the list of women not spacing their children adequately -- 66%, followed by Rajasthan where just 34% women had their second baby three years after having their first.Maharashtra recorded 35.3% women who had their second child after three years of their first followed by Haryana (35.7%), Karnakata (35.8%), Himachal Pradesh (36.6%), Bihar (37.3%), Tamil Nadu (40%), Gujarat (40.3%) and UP (40.9%).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12696340", "title": "Councillor on run after police bust lottery racket", "text": "CHENNAI: Police busted a fake lottery racket by arresting four people from Tiruttani, 55km south of Chennai, on Monday. Police are on the lookout for a DMK councillor who has been running two shops in the locality for more than a decade.Police seized 1 lakh in cash and 50,000 lottery tickets of Sikkim and Andhra Pradesh. They also recovered several printouts of the lottery results downloaded from the internet. The racket was being run from a bangle shop, a stationery shop and two offices of a real estate company in Tiruttani. The investigators suspect that local police had information about the racket sometime ago, but did not take action.Acting on a tip-off, teams led by assistant superintendent of police S Vijayakumar of Tiruttani sub-division raided four places on Monday and arrested Mahesh (33), Dhandapani (59), Kumar (32) and Saminathan (42), all residents of the locality.\"During inquiries, the accused confirmed that two shops were maintained by a DMK councillor of Tiruttani municipality. Police teams have fanned out to various places to nab the councillor,\" assistant SP S Vijayakumar told TOI.\"The racketeers have been getting lottery tickets through a network which brought them down from other states,\" said a police officer.\"A bangle shop, a stationery shop and two other offices served as a front for the racketeers. They would get the results through email, take printouts of the results and circulate in the neighbourhood.\"The accused, who was in the illegal business for the past one decade, had been receiving the banned lottery ticket parcels through couriers. \"After arresting the absconded councilor and few other persons behind the racket, we can unearth more hidden theories of the scam,\" the officer added. Tiruttani police have registered a case and sent the four accused to prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12697468", "title": "What steps should the government take to ensure a foolproof disaster management plan?", "text": "The government must put in place a dedicated disaster management cell headed by technically qualified persons at the district level. It should have qualified people for various department, who should be imparted regular theoretical and practical training. The cell should also be equipped with adequate resources of machinery and transport for quick movement.Ernesto MonizEngineering consultant, FatordaIf they have the will to have a foolproof disaster management plan, they will find the way. But a foolproof plan will not be effective unless the staff is properly trained and equipped. If not, we will continue to suffer. The objective should be to save people, not find their bodies and bury them as is often the case. The state needs a body to monitor hazardous situations. As far as medical facilities are concerned, we seem to be well equipped.Pascoal NoronhaEngineer, MargaoThe first step is to scientifically identify likely disasters that can affect the region and areas that can be affected by it. We then need to categorize them into man-made and natural calamities. We need vigilance bodies that should function at the zonal level. People should have easy access to the whole mechanism. At a certain level, it should involve local authorities and NGOs, so that we can have a comprehensive disaster plan and one that can actually function.Ramesh GaunsSocial activist, BicholimThe first step is to create awareness for any likely disaster. We need to educate people about it. They need to be mentally prepared and need to know what to do under the circumstances. Secondly, adequate man power is needed to address likely disasters. A good fire fighting team is a must and all teams need to be equipped with the latest technology. A relief fund has to be established in order to cater to exigencies like the aftermath of an earth quake, etc. Lastly, land should be identified as an area to rehabilitate victims of such disasters.Tallulah D'SilvaCo-founder, Mission Green Goa, panaji", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "bhiwandi", "code": "12698664", "title": "Party makes comeback in Bhiwandi", "text": "BHIWANDI: Breaking a three-term record, the Congress has emerged as the largest party in the Bhiwandi-Nizampur Municipal Corporation election, winning 26 seats. It expects to rule again in the civic body with support from the NCP and some independent candidates.After the BNMC formed in 2002, the Congress won 23 seats and its candidate Suresh Taware became the first mayor. But in the last three terms, the Congress has never won the mayor's post. This time, of the 90 seats in the municipal corporation, the Congress won 26, the NCP 9 seats, Shiv Sena 16, BJP won eight, the Republican Party of India got two, Samajwadi Party 16, Konark Vikas Aghadi six, and independents seven seats. During the last civic poll, out of 84 seats the Congress won 14, NCP got two, Sena 14, BJP four, Samajwadi Party 17 and independents 23.Talking to TOI, Jaya Sadhwani, election In-charge of the Congress in Bhiwandi said, \"For many years in Bhiwandi, the Samajwadi Party won seats on a communal agenda but this time the public understood a communal agenda can't develop the city.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12697625", "title": "Kushwaha controversy: UP BJP leaders target high command", "text": "LUCKNOW: Five months ago, BJP put him on the pedestal as the \"most popular MBC neta\". On Monday, Maya's ex-confidant Babu Singh Kushwaha came tumbling down from the perch. The welcome ceremony of the newly appointed state BJP president Laxmi Kant Vajpayee turned into a session of washing dirty linen in public as seniors, unmindful of a shocked cadre, pointed fingers at the central leadership for Kushwaha episode. Though the party soon swung into damage control exercise and dismissed the blame-game as \"harmless emotional reaction\", insiders interpret it as a calculated move to embarrass BJP national president Nitin Gadkari.The tone for the day was set by the outgoing state BJP president Surya Pratap Shahi. Sulking since he got the marching orders, Shahi delivered a shocker by claiming that he had no clue about Kushwaha's entry. \"I came to know about the induction merely two hours before the formal announcement,\" he declared. In fact, he did not even have a nodding acquaintance with the man prior to that, Shahi continued and recalled how the rumors, that he was paid Rs 200 crore for the deal, had hurt him, specially \"when he did not even accept a cup of tea from the tainted minister\". This was bothering him for quite some time so he thought it best to relieve himself of the burden.Former leader of BJP legislative party Om Prakash Singh dittoed Shahi. Declaring that it was not fair to single out Shahi for the debacle and that he personally wanted Shahi to continue in the office , Singh recalled the day when Kuswhaha joined BJP in Delhi. He was present at Gadkari's residence at the time, Singh told the audience. He went on to describe how Vinay Katiyar came in and blurted out that the decision has been taken and now he had to go and make a formal announcement at the press conference.As the murmuring in the crowd grew louder, Katiyar took to the podium. Obviously miffed at the public show of dissent and infighting, the former Ayodhya MP, whose nomination for Rajya Sabha seat recently led to much heartburn among colleagues, defended the high command tooth and nail. Katiyar said he had carried out the order of the party high command and would do so in future if called upon. And then much to the discomfiture of the leaders present at the dais, the MP said all senior leaders including those present here and also those not present \"were in the know of things\". Everyone knew everything, Katiyar emphasised to drive the point home.Meanwhile, the open show of dissent and discord has stunned the party satraps and workers. Claiming that this was a deliberate ploy to bring Gadkari's name under cloud, a BJP MLA said Kushwaha is already a forgotten chapter. The issue was raked up only to bring discredit to Gadkari who hopes for a reelection this year. If anyone had complained the right place was the party forum and not a public gathering, the incident constitutes a serious breach of discipline, he saidThe incident, a former MP said, reveals the extent of infighting in the state unit. \"Shahi and Om Prakash Singh were eyeing the Rajya Sabha/Council seat .Katiyar proved lucky so the duo is naturally incensed,\" he said. Disenchanted with the \"immature behaviour\", a district president present said \"it signals (BJP's) sure drubbing in parliamentary elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12697239", "title": "Panchayati samitis want firms to pay for hoardings in villages", "text": "GURGAON: As the corporates and private companies are taking their outdoor campaigning to rural areas to tap more clients, the panchayat samitis in Gurgaon have found a way to generate revenue for these bodies.On Monday, the district panchayat smiti decided that all companies or individuals who put up their display boards and hoardings in the villages falling in its jurisdiction would have to pay a fixed amount.An official spokesperson said that the rate fixed is Rs 100 per sq ft per month to the Samiti. The decision was taken in a meeting presided over by Badshapur MLA Rao Dharampal.It was attended by chairman of Gurgaon block panchayat samiti and BDO and panchayat officer.The spokesperson said that the committee also decided that a fixed amount of fee would be also be charged for mobile towers installed in these areas irrespective of whether a private or government agency has installed them.\"These are innovative ways of generating revenue. The panchayats need more cash to undertake development works, though the aid from state government is also satisfactory,\" said a senior official of the panchayati raj department.The state government recently provided about Rs three crore for development of 20 villages in Gurgaon. The panchayats benefited include Dhorka (Rs 20 lakh), Wazirpur (Rs 11 lakh) and Dharampur (Rs 10 lakh).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12697395", "title": "Second semester exam of XI (science) begins", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) is conducting the second semester examination of Class XI (science) from Monday. Nearly 1.18 lakh students are appearing for the examination.The board had introduced the semester system in Class XI (science) and this will be extended to Class XII (science) from this year. The students will have to appear for four semester examinations in Class XI and XII, with each examination carrying a weightage of 25 per cent.On Monday, the students appeared for Mathematics paper, which they claimed was not very difficult but was lengthy and that the questions had been asked from the text book. However, one case of copying was registered in Anand. tnn\"It was an extremely lengthy question paper. I did not even get a single minute to revise. I completed it dot on time. Some of the questions were twisted and I was not able to solve them. I expect to get 70 marks\", said Ajay Rawat , a Class XI student.\"I would say it was nice but a lengthy paper. I was not able to attend around 10 mark question. Even some of the MCQs were twisted and called for a lot of thinking\", Rohan Sharma, another Class XI student, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12698256", "title": "Millions languish in civic body coffers as Bangalore traders rebuild Russell market", "text": "BANGALORE: Traders spent their hard-earned money to rebuild the Russell market after the fire mishap. But the Rs 1.25 crore meant for renovation is lying unused at the Bangalore Urban deputy commissioner M K Aiyappa's office.The BBMP never bothered to claim for the money released from the Union external minister S M Krishna and former minister and MLC Mumtaz Ali Khan's Local Area Development funds. \"We had asked BBMP to give an estimate for market renovation. So far no response has been received and the cheques from the funds have not been issued,\" Aiyappa told TOI.Following the fire mishap on February 25, SM Krishna donated Rs 1 crore from the MP fund while Khan announced Rs 25 lakh.On Monday, Khan visited the renovated Russell market and appreciated the renovation done by traders themselves without BBMP's aid. The market is fully operational now. Khan now wants the Rs 25 lakh back since it has not been claimed by BBMP.\"The traders have already spent more than Rs 1.25 crore and have renovated the market. Certified contractors have worked for reconstruction. Wood has not been used at all. I've given Rs 25 lakh from my fund. But the BBMP has not made use of it, whereas on the other side, traders have struggled to mobilize funds for renovation. As the renovation is over, I don't want my Rs 25 lakh fund to be spent on it and it should be given back. It's still with the Bangalore Urban DC's office,\" Mumtaz Ali Khan told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12697854", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation gears up for swine flu", "text": "NAGPUR: With swine flu cases increasing in the city in the past fortnight, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation finally sprung into action. Civic chief Sanjeev Jaiswal on Monday assessed the civic body's preparation to tackle swine flu. NMC's health department's deputy director Dr Milind Ganvir and health officer (NMC hospitals) Dr Savita Meshram among others, were present at the meet.It was informed that 13 hospitals - NMC's 8 hospitals and 5 private hospitals- in the city have geared up for the treatment of those affected. NMC's eight hospitals included Sadar Diagonistic Centre, Dig Hospital (Dharampeth), Isolation Hospital (Imamwada), Prabhakarrao Datke Hospital (Mahal), Shanti Nagar Hospital, Daji Hospital (Itwari), Netaji Hospital (Timki) and Bezanbagh (Indora) and five private hospitals, where medicines will be made available for free, are Wockhardt Hospital, Orange City Hospital, KRIMS hospital, Hope hospital and Chandak Hospital.NMC's health department officials visited 100 residents, who were suspected of having swine flu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12697938", "title": "Elections to 185 panchayats on May 16", "text": "PANAJI: Panchayat elections in Goa will be held on May 16. The state government on Monday notified the election date to 185 of the 189 village panchayats in the state.The code of conduct comes into force with effect from Tuesday.Though the notification was signed and was being uploaded onto the official website of the department of printing and stationary till late Monday evening, sources confirmed that casting of votes by ballot will be held on May 16 to elect 1,483 members to 185 panchayats in the state.Counting of votes will be held on May 17 and 18. Since electronic voting machines are not being used for the panchayat elections, counting will be done manually.The term of the 185 panchayats ends on May 19. Elections to Taleigao, Alorna, Chandel-Hassapur and Casarvanem village panchayats will be held later since their term does not end as yet.Sources said the schedule for the elections including the date for filing of nominations, last date of withdrawal, scrutiny and other important dates of the electoral process will be notified by the state election commission within two or three days.The government has also notified the of for the and the reservations for women as well as the reservations for ST and OBC. While the reservation wards for women and ST and OBC will be done through the usual method of rotation, in the case of ST and OBC, the reserved wards will be rotated but only among the wards that have 20% or higher population of ST or OBC population. Also, while women have the usual 33% reservation, the reservation for ST and OBC is limited to 50% in every village, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "vapi", "code": "12699822", "title": "Rise in vehicle thefts leave Valsad police baffled", "text": "VAPI: A sudden spurt in vehicle thefts has left the city and district police baffled.As against an average of seven to 10 motor bike thefts reported every month during 2011-12, the numbers have gone up to 20 to 25 thefts in the last two months.Vapi city's two police stations have registered more than 70 vehicle thefts, mostly of motorcycles between January to March. In the previous year, Vapi town police and GIDC police station registered 160 cases, indicating that the numbers will rise as the year goes by.Adding to their woes, is the scarce recovery of vehicles. Senior police officials believe that certain gangs are active in thefts of vehicles, which have a huge market in the interior tribal areas. \"You ask for bike in the morning and by evening its (bike) at your doorstep in remote interior areas,\" a source told TOI.Earlier, it was believed that most the stolen vehicles are used for trafficking liquor in these areas. But, now it has come to light that majority of the bikes, that too of a particular brand, are directly sold in such areas.\"Thieves have mastered the art of unlocking one particular brand of motorcycles, which have a huge demand in tribal areas,\" a senior district police official said.Police inspector, Vapi GIDC police station, P S Vadvi said, \"Our preliminary investigation reveals that stolen bikes has a good market in deep tribal areas of Valsad, Dadra &amp; Nagar Haveli and bordering Maharashtra villages too. We have also succeeded in recovering some bikes from internal areas of Nagar Haveli a week ago.\"Circle PI of Dharampur V A Patel said they also detained some bikes which were suspected to be stolen from weekly flea markets organized in Kaprada taluka.\"We do have some specific clues on a gang involved in such thefts. They are mostly tribals. We have instructed our men to keep strict watch in these areas,\" Valsad superintendent of police D B Vaghela said.Sources in the police department also told about a gang of young people operating from Daman. This gang has mechanics as well as those involved in bank finances as members. They take orders of some leading motorcycle brands and replace their ignition locks and other parts in jiffy.\"We are hopeful of nabbing the gang soon,\" Vaghela added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12697402", "title": "Pentavalent vaccine in six more states", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Monday passed a decision on Monday to roll out the five in one pentavalent vaccine in six new states. Children in Gujarat, Karnataka, Haryana,Goa, J&K; and Pondicherry will soon be protected by the pentavalent vaccine.The Union health ministry passed the at the meeting of the National Rural Health Mission's high powered mission steering group headed by Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad .The vaccine that protects children against diphtheria, pertussis, tetanus (DPT), Hepatitis B and HIB (Haemophilus influenzae type B) through a single shot, was rolled out in Tamil Nadu and Kerala last December.This made India the 117th country to introduce the pentavalent vaccine in its national immunization programme.NRHM mission director Anuradha Gupta said, \"several other states like Delhi, Andhra Pradesh and Jharkhand were keen to introduce the pentavalent vaccine. But as of now, six new states besides will get it out latest by October.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12698729", "title": "\u2018Need uniform charges for blood bags\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The state has written to the Union government for a uniform price for blood bags in the country.Minister of state for the food and drug administration (FDA), Satej Patil, said, \"One can't set a price for blood bags as they are not saleable commodities. Blood banks charge processing fees and the fixed charge is mostly Rs 850. We have asked the Centre for a uniform price for blood bags.\"MNS legislator Bala Nandgaonkar had raised a query about the disparity in charges levied by blood banks in the state assembly on Friday. -Ambarish Mishra &amp; Sanjeev Shivadekar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12700786", "title": "Daler Mehndi has a wish", "text": "Daler Mehndi who visited Patna city to perform on the eve of Baisakhi took time off to visit the Gurdwara Guru Ka Bagh.Close sources revealed that Mehndi went there to seek blessings for his new project but his visit was kept too secretive. Bhangra King who is currently in Patna city was invited to perform at Patna Sahib Festival on the auspicious day of Baisakhi. It is interesting to note that Patna is his birth city too and his father Late Ajmer Singh was a Hazoori Raagi at Akal Takht Shri Patna Sahib. Mehndi visited Shri Patna Sahib too, but his visit to the sacred place was not kept a secret like his visit to Gurudwara Guru Ka Bagh. Versatile singer had in past also visited Gurudwara Guru Ka Bagh to offer his prayers and seek divine blessings. Sources also revealed that the singer is grateful for the fulfillment of the mannat that he had prayed for in the past and believes that his next wish would also be fulfilled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12698762", "title": "State CET results indicate sharp slide in performance", "text": "MUMBAI: When the Common Entrance Test results were announced on Monday evening, management aspirants who took the exam in February to join B-schools in the state, were shocked by the huge slide in performance level. Less than 5% of the total number of examinees have scored 100 or above-they are marked on a total 200-and only 28 could cross the magic mark of 150, with the highest score being 158.Two years ago in 2010, close to 600 students secured more than 150 out of 200, a score that takes them closer to their dream of joining a top B-school. That year, MAH-MBA CET highest score was 179, while last year, it was 172.This year, two youths, one from the city and another from Uttar Pradesh, have jointly topped the written exam. With the 100th ranker scoring 132, the admission season ahead is likely to be a complex affair as colleges will be compelled to bring down cut-off marks. \"The scores have indeed dipped. On an average, scores are down by 10 to 15 marks this year,\" said S K Mahajan, head of the Directorate of Technical Education. Of the 82,764 students who took the exam, 79,410 have qualified; the remaining 3,354 will not be able to move to the next level of group discussion (GD) and personal interview (PI) as they could not score at least 30. In 2011, there were fewer low scorers, with about 2,800 candidates failing to make it to GD/PI.The results did not see any change in the gender ratio among the the management aspirants. Women comprised about 33.33% of the total number of examinees and a proportionate number, 28,649, have qualified.GDs and PIs will be held between May 10 and 31, for a total of 34 marks; six marks have been set aside for those with work experience. This year, 65% of the admissions to state's B-schools will be based on the state's CET score and students who will be admitted under the all-India quota and the management quota, will be admitted, based on other pan-India exams like CMAT, MAT, XAT. Maharashtra has 408 B-schools with a total student intake capacity of 42,165.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12699516", "title": "MSU classrooms get tech-savvy", "text": "VADODARA: Classrooms at MS University are set to witness a major change from the coming academic year.As a major step towards upgrading to modern ICT-enabled teaching-learning infrastructure, MSU has completed the process of installing electronic interactive white boards in each department of the university.The university had obtained 65 such boards at Rs 32.5 lakh from the additional grant given by the University Grants Commission under the XIth five-year plan.These white boards, when connected to internet, will also convert a classroom into a virtual classroom, giving facility to students and teachers to interact with any scholar or students in any corner of the world live.These boards will also help facilitate presentations by resource persons at seminars and workshops. Two such boards have also been installed in the meeting rooms of the main office of MSU so that it is easy to conduct meetings and presentations when there are visiting guests and teams.\"The university now plans to organize training sessions for head of departments and other teachers to help them fully explore the features and potential of the interactive white board for more effective and technologically-upgraded teaching at the varsity,\" a release from MSU said on Sunday.These boards will make teaching more interesting and interactive. \"This device will be connected to a projector and a computer or a tablet and will be operated through electro-magnetic pen,\" said the release.With the pre-installed handwriting recognition software, teachers will also be able to save notes and annotations as electronic files for future use.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12699509", "title": "Modi takes dig at Gandhi family", "text": "VADODARA: Taking a dig at Gandhi family, Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi on Sunday said martyrdom is not monopoly of a single family.Modi said this at a function held at tribal dominated Jambughoda taluka of Panchmahal district to pay tribute to the five unsung heroes of the tribal community, who sacrificed their lives fighting against the British rule.\"Martyrdom is not a monopoly of a single family as deliberately and intentionally described by some people,\" said Modi, adding that \"it was unfortunate that sacrifices of a large number of martyrs, who laid their lives for the freedom of our nation, have been deliberately erased by some elements so that people no longer could remember their martyrdom.\"The function was organised to pay tribute to tribal martyrs Joriya Parmeshwar, Rupsingh Nayak, Galaliya Nayak, Ravjida Nayak and Babariya Galma Nayak, who were hanged to death on April, 16, 1868 by the British rulers in Jambughoda.He announced that state level 'Van Mahotsav' of the current year will be celebrated at Mangadh hills of Panchmahal to commemorate the sacrifice of local martyr Govind Guru, who was shot dead by the British.He christened primary school of Vadek village, of which Joriya was a native as Joriya Parmeshwar primary school and Dandiyapura primary school as Rupsingh Nayak primary school in the memory of the tribal heroes.The chief minister said that a memorial will be built in near future and a Tribal Martyr Day will be celebrated every year, in the memory of these tribal heroes on April 16.Modi also laid the foundation stone of development works worth Rs 8.5 crore including a modern taluka panchayat office, a high-level bridge and an underground drainage scheme for Jambughoda town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12696893", "title": "Officials face jail for illegal construction", "text": "MUMBAI: Officials who allow unauthorized constructions to flourish despite complaints now face a fine of Rs 25,000 or imprisonment for a month. Minister of state for urban development Bhaskar Jadhav informed the legislative assembly on Monday that the President has given her assent to the Maharashtra Municipal Corporations, Municipal Councils and Maharashtra Regional and Town Planning (Amendment) Act, 2010.The provisions of the modified Act allow the appointment of an officer to ensure that there are no unauthorized constructions in the jurisdiction of the respective municipal corporation, council, panchayats and industrial townships.The law stipulates that if the officer fails to take action, he/she will face imprisonment for one month and/or a fine of Rs 25,000. To ensure that the Act is effective, the government has already sanctioned the deputation of an additional commissioner of police or deputy commissioner of police to the municipal corporation.A state Bill is generally sent to the Centre for approval when the issue it deals with is on the concurrent list. Since the punishment involves imprisonment, it directly relates to constitutional matters and was therefore sent to the President for approval.Jadhav later told the TOI that the rules for such prosecution would now be framed. \"It will take a couple of months for its implementation,\" he said.It was in the 90s that the then CM Manohar Joshi had issued orders to suspend ward officers and senior police inspectors in whose jurisdiction slums proliferate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12696827", "title": "Mumbai artistes behead starlet for unpaid ransom", "text": "MUMBAI: The crime branch arrested two junior film artistes from the city on Saturday for the murder of a small-time Lokhandwala-based actor last month. They assumed she was from an affluent family and tried to extort money from her family.The accused convinced the victim to travel with them to Uttar Pradesh, where they beheaded her. Cops said the duo have confessed to the murder and a team has been sent to UP to find the body remains of the actor.The accused, Amit Jaiswal and Prity Surin, met the victim, Minakshi Thapa, during the shooting of 'Heroine' a few months ago. They decided to kill Thapa and then extort money from her family, but postponed plans twice after they learned that it was difficult to dispose of the body in Mumbai.The duo took the victim to Gorakhpur for a film assignment on March 13. The next day Thapa called up her mother, informing her that she was on her way to the shoot with Amit. Thereafter, she went missing. The accused took Thapa to a room, where they allegedly strangled her. They beheaded her, disposed of her body in a water tank and wrapped her head in a plastic bag. The two travelled back to Allahabad and threw the bag off the bus along the way.They returned to Mumbai on March 17 and sent an SMS from Thapa's mobile to her mother asking for Rs 15 lakh. Her brother, an armyman, filed a missing person's complaint in Amboli police station. The duo did not call up the family but only sent SMSs. After repeated threats to kill the victim and post her nude photo on the internet, the brother deposited Rs 60,000 in his sister's account. They used her ATM card to withdraw money in and travelled to Vaishno Devi and Shirdi Saibaba temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12698072", "title": "Police stations to implement tobacco act seriously", "text": "JAIPUR: Jaipur police commissioner B L Soni has directed all the police stations in the city to take action against violators of the Cigarettes and other tobacco product Act-2003 (COTPA-2003).The medical, health and family welfare department had written to the police department urging to implement COTPA-2003 in the state and to take action against the violators of the Act. The medical department had sought help of the police to ensure prohibition of smoking in public places, prohibition on all forms of direct/indirect advertisement, promotion and sponsorship of tobacco products, prohibition on sale of tobacco products to minors and within a radius of 100 yards from educational institutions and mandatory depiction of specified health warnings on all tobacco products.A medical department official said that Jaipur commissioner BL Soni has sent a letter to all the police stations of the city to step up efforts against the violators of COTPA 2003. He directed each police station's house officer to include COTPA in the monthly crime review meetings. He also directed all the station house officers to inform the police commissionerate about what they have done to ensure implementation of COTPA in the city on monthly basis.Moreover, the medical, health and family welfare department has also written to the Rajasthan Cricket Association (RCA) to ensure that the Sawai Mansingh stadium remains a no smoking zone during the Indian Premier League matches. A department official said that the letter has been written in connection with the recent incident when Bollywood actor Shah Rukh Khan was seen smoking at the stadium during an IPL match between Team Kolkata and Team Rajasthan.The World Health Organization (WHO) had also directed the department to write a letter to the RCA authorities for proper implementation of COTPA after Khan's smoking act came into limelight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12698166", "title": "Receding water level in Athoor dam worrisome", "text": "MADURAI: The receding water level in the Athoor Kamarajar dam is raising concern among residents in Dindigul district, as it is one of their major sources for drinking water. As the temperature continues to rise, the water level has been fast decreasing by one foot every four days. On Monday, the water level was at 16.5 feet.Nestled in the Western Ghats, this 400 acre dam is fed through natural channels from Mannalur, Perumparai and Thandikudi during the monsoons. Apart from the drinking water scheme, it is the major water supplier for Dindigul municipality and surrounding villages like Chinnalapatti, Chitthanakottai, Vadakampatti, Pillayar Natham, Athoor and Akkaraipatti among others.Dindigul and surrounding villages receive drinking water through pipelines once in 10 days and the receding water level is expected to increase the gap between each supply by another five to six days. Dindigul municipality sources say that the water level is now decreasing at the rate of one foot every four days owing to the summer heat. The dam has a maximum level of 23.5 feet of which six feet is filled with sludge so the faster the onset of the monsoon, the better the chances of getting continuous water supply for this municipality.\"People in Dindigul cannot use ground water for drinking due to the high salinity. We are totally dependent on the pipe supply and canned water which is often packed locally under unhygienic conditions, selling at Rs 35 for a can of 20 litres,\" says R Raju of Chinnalapatti.K Rani of Vadakampatti says that the municipality should release the water when there is no power to prevent illegal tapping by residents who use motors to suck the water and fill their sump. \"We are praying for rains and hope that nature doesn't fail us, because the water supply extends to only once in 12 days. We spend half our time protecting the water, which is very difficult to get,\" said Kamban of Athoor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12688874", "title": "The play 'Guide' at Kamani Auditorium", "text": "The play \"Guide\", presented by The Times of India - a story of love, passion and deception based on RK Narayan's novel - was unanimously hailed by the audience as a masterful median between the iconic Dev Anand-starrer and the book.The play has been directed by Sanjoy Roy and organised by the Teamwork Fine Arts Society, and was staged on April 14 at Kamani Auditorium. The lead characters wearing dhotis, speaking with a bit of a South Indian accent, brought the play closer to the book, which in itself was a challenge, as Sanjoy said later. \"What you see is the result of workshops and five weeks of rehearsals,\" he said. The performance was open only to TOI guests.The lead, Raju guide, was played by theatre veteran Dilip Shankar (also the director of the stage musical \"Zangoora\"), and Rosie by Namita Gyanchandani. Some of the audience there had come lured by the title, wanting to see how it would look on stage, and many of the youngsters had come for the sheer love of theatre. It was a houseful audience that applauded in the end. Must've been music to Sanjoy's ears.Cast and crewRaju - Dilip Shankar Marco - Oroon DasNalini/Rosie - Namita GyanchandaniRaju's mother - Sharupa DutttaDirector - Sanjoy RoyPlaywright - Amitabh ShrivastavaProducers - Ritu Saigal and Sharupa DuttaMusic adaptation - Anil SrinivasanChoreography - Gilles Chuyen", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12697642", "title": "Akhilesh set to get elected to legislative council, Mayawati quits", "text": "LUCKNOW: BSP supremo Mayawati resigned from the legislative council on Monday while chief minister Akhilesh Yadav is set to be elected for the council unopposed. After losing assembly election, Mayawati decided to move to national politics and got herself elected to the Rajya Sabha. On the other hand, Akhilesh, who is Lok Sabha member from Kannauj, had to be elected to either state assembly or council to continue in the office. Since he decided to contest for legislative council, he will have to quit his Lok Sabha seat.Monday was the last day for nomination for elections to 13 seats of legislative council falling vacant in May. Apart from Akhilesh, 12 nominations have been filed for 13 seats, hence all of them would be elected unopposed, in case no anomaly is found in the nomination papers during scrutiny on April 17.While eight candidates have filed nomination as SP nominees, BSP has fielded three, BJP and Congress-RLD alliance one each. Besides Akhilesh, cabinet minister Ambika Chaudhary, Madhu Gupta, Naresh Chand Uttam, Ram Sakal Gurjar, Vijay Yadav, Rajendra Chaudhary and Umer Ali Khan have filed their nominations as SP candidates. State revenue minister Ambika Chaudhary had lost assembly election from from Phephna seat in Ballia. Umer, who is son-in-law of Shahi Imam Ahmad Bukhari, too had contested the assembly election from Behat seat in Saharanpur but lost. Now, both are taking the backdoor entry into the government through legislative council.BSP has fielded Thakur Jaiveer Singh, Sunil Kumar and Vijay Pratap. Jaiveer Singh was minister in Mayawati government but lost in the assembly elections. BJP's Mahendra Singh and Congress-RLD candidate Chaudhary Mushtaq filed their nominations on Monday.To win a legislative council seat, a candidate requires votes of 29 MLAs. Since SP has 224 MLAs, election of its eight candidates is almost sure. BSP with 80 MLAs would have easily won two seats but it took a risk and fielded three candidates. BJP with 47 MLAs and Congress-RLD combined with 36 MLAs have fielded only one candidate each. The Congress-RLD alliance had won 37 seats but following resignation RLD national general secretary Jayant Chaudhary , the number has come down to 36. At present, in the 100 member legislative council, BSP is in majority. The party-wise position is: BSP 63, SP 13, BJP 9, Congress 3, teachers 7 and Independents 4. This configuration will change slightly after the ongoing elections.According to legislative council officials, Mayawati's resignation was received on April 12 and notification in this regard has been issued.After her election to the Upper House, Mayawati said her partymen wanted her to go to parliament to raise issues concerning the state at the national level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12698030", "title": "Bihar self-sufficient in foodgrains: Shyam Rajak", "text": "PATNA: Food and consumer protection minister Shyam Rajak on Monday said that Bihar has almost attained the distinction of being one of the frontline foodgrains producing states like Punjab, Haryana and Madhya Pradesh with record agriculture production and procurement of 22 lakh metric tonnes(MT) of paddy to meet its foodgrains requirement.Rajak told the media here that his ministry has asked the Food Corporation of India (FCI) not to bring rice from other states to Bihar as the state has reached the capacity of supplying foodgrains to the BPL families and also those covered under Antyodaya programme. Bihar has surplus rice due to record paddy production, he said. The minister said that wheat procurement in the state after this rabi season is expected to reach 15 lakh MT and this would help the state in meeting the foodgrains requirement for distribution through the public distribution system (PDS) to the BPL families and those covered under Antyodaya programme.Principal secretary, food and consumer protection, Shishir Kumar Sinha said that the FCI used to supply 220 rakes of grain, each rake carrying 2,600 MT grains, which has been now stopped totally after record paddy production and possibility of record wheat production.Rajak said 307 computer assistants would be appointed within a week to maintain data and record of receipt and supply of foodgrains to the 307 existing godowns of the State Food Corporation (SFC). Providing the business process outsourcing ( BPO) for this, the Tata Consultancy Service ( TCS) will install the main server at the state headquarters here and maintain the SMS servicethrough mobile phones to ascertain receipt and supply of foodgrains at the godowns.He said that mobile phone numbers of the supply officials, godown managers and other stakeholders would be fedn this server.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "12697469", "title": "Remand for trio who beat up boys", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: A day after three men were arrested for allegedly thrashing four boys with lathis, the accused were sent to judicial remand. One of them is an electrical sub-contractor for the city development authority, said cops.The accused have been identified as Narayan, Bhura and his brother Sanjay. \"Investigation has revealed that Narayan is a sub-contractor with the local authority and not with Noida Power Company Limited ( NPCL),\" said SP (rural) Ashok Kumar .The incident took place on Friday evening when the boys ventured near some unused electrical cables while playing in a park at Eta-I sector. \"The children were detained by the accused on the suspicion that they were trying to steal some equipment. They were then confined to a room in the vicinity and beaten up,\" said Kumar.\"The kids managed to return home,\" added Kumar. A case was registered under sections 342 (wrongful confinement), 323 (voluntarily causing hurt), 504 (intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of the peace) of IPC and Juvenile Justice Act. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12697184", "title": "Two held for killing factory worker in Behrampur", "text": "GURGAON: The city police have arrested two persons for allegedly killing a fellow factory employee situated in Behrampur a few days ago.Police have established that the worker employed at a factory in Behrampur, whose body was recovered on the terrace of the company building, was first strangled and then his throat was slit with a sharp-edged weapon.The postmortem of the body was conducted and the marks on his neck and throat revealed this information.The victim has been identified as Guddu Rai who was a resident of Gonda district in Jharkhand . He was employed in Sri Narain and Company for the past few months, said the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12697935", "title": "Externed goon attacked by youths", "text": "NAGPUR: A notorious burglar who had been externed from the city was stabbed by a group of youths at Rameshwari near a wine shop on Monday evening. The goon, Rahul Ingle, is said to be in critical condition in hospital after the attack.Ajni police said that Ingle was attacked when he had gone for dinner with some of his friends. \"After their feast, the youths got in an argument which turned into a bloodbath,\" said the police.Ingle was left bleeding while the assaulters fled the spot. Police said that Ingle and the assaulters are from Rambagh area and the attack could have been over a love affair or the distribution of stolen booty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12697185", "title": "In trouble? Don't bank on cops", "text": "PANCHKULA: God forbid, if you find yourself at a crime scene or an accident spot, don't feel relieved on seeing a man in uniform. In Panchkula, cops don't act unless the complainant or victim registers himself by dialling 100. But to make things worse, the number is hard to reach and calls are often connected to control rooms of nearby cities. As many as eight such cases have been reported in the past few months when cops present near the accident or kidnapping spot, but refused to act till someone calls up the control room.On April 12, a car carrying six youth fell into a gorge near Morni, but even after reaching the spot, police asked the eye-witnesses to call up 100 first. \"A police officer reached the spot and told us that divers have to be called and assistance would be provided only after someone dials 100 and say that an accident has taken place here,\" said Ramesh Ojha, an eyewitness with whose help four youths were taken out. In another case, Vivek Bhardwaj, a resident of Sector 8, alleged, \"The gold chain of my wife was snatched by two youths. She was screaming and a PCR on patrol reached there and we told them that youths would not have gone far. But the cops asked us to first dial 100 so that investigations could begin.\" He further added, \"I dialled the number and it got connected with Yamunanagar police control room. Why do the cops need us to inform the control room first? Why can't they act when they are present right there on the spot?\"In a recent hit-and-run case on the sectors 6 and 7 dividing road, an old man kept on lying on the road for about 45 minutes and the cop who came from the Sector 5 police station said they need to call at 100 first. \"I kept on dialling the number, but could get through. Cops don't really care, even if someone is dying they won't act and take the injured to hospital until 100 is dialled,\" said Aryan Luthra whose father met with an accident recently. He further added, \"This is nothing but just their way to wash hands off their responsibility.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12697385", "title": "Goa Shipyard Limited-built simulator commissioned", "text": "A damage control simulator (DCS), 'Avinash' built by Goa Shipyard Limited for the Indian Navy was commissioned recently. V Adm K N Sushil, flag officer commander-in-chief, Southern Naval Command, did the honours at a ceremony held at Seamanship School, Naval Base, Kochi-Kerala. 'Avinash' is the second DCS built by GSL for the Indian Navy, a month ahead of schedule. The facility is aimed at providing naval officers and sailors with a first-hand experience of potential dangers on a ship at sea. The simulator, designed like a section of an actual warship with three decks, is supported by a captive power plant of 500KW and modern control systems equipped with CCTV to monitor the entire training imparted to seamen. 'The realistic damage scenarios and sense of crisis generated on board the DCS contributes invaluably in inculcating the ability to \"think on their feet\" amongst the trainees, besides improving team building skills, thereby preparing them for unforeseen hardships and emergencies that may emerge at sea,' states a press release.GMC hosts international conference: The Indian Academy of Cytologists, in collaboration with the European Federation of Cytology Societies (EFCS) and the International Academy of Cytology, recently organized an international conference at the Goa Medical College, Bambolim. Dr R G Wiseman Pinto chaired the scientific sessions and the faculty comprised Dr Jerzy Klijanienko ( France), Dr Roberto Dina (UK), Dr Ratnayake Palitha (Srilanka), Dr L P Kok (Netherlands), Dr Mathilda Boon (Netherlands), Dr Binnur Onal ( Turkey ), Dr Helen Fernandes (USA), Dr Abha Malik ( Australia), Dr N A Jambhekar (India), Dr. Nalini Gupta (India) and Dr Suresh Bhambhani (India). The topics covered were paediatric tumors, thyroid, TB alveolitis, salivary glands, e-learning in cytopathology, breast cancer , head and neck, mesothelioma, skin pathology, cervical cytology, use of computers in histopathology, conventional versus liquid based cytology. There were also 88 scientific research proffered papers presented at the conference. The Goa Medical Council gave CME accreditation for the conference awarding 10 CME credit hours.Carmel College professor gets Swedish scholarship: Manoj Borkar, an environmental educator and biologist, has been awarded a scholarship by the Swedish government and has been invited by the Swedish International Development Cooperation Agency (SIDA) to participate in advanced international training programme in 'Education for sustainable development in higher education'. Scholars from 11 Scandinavian, Asian and African countries with tertiary qualification and experience in the higher education sector will participate in the training from April 21. Borkar, who has opted for 'environmental impact assessment in the mining sector' as his area of specialization, will visit universities of Stockholm, Chalmers and Uppsala. Borkar works as an associate professor of zoology and environmental biology at Carmel College for Women , Nuvem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12697117", "title": "Resident Welfare Associations fail to rouse sleepy South Delhi voters", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hours away from formation now, the South Delhi Municipal Corporation will be the richest of the new civic bodies born out of MCD's trifurcation, but voters in its jurisdiction have not fully shrugged off their apathy to civic affairs. Even as the RWAs here campaigned hard to get people to vote, most upscale neighbourhoods like Vasant Vihar, Vasant Kunj, Safdarjung Enclave, CR Park and GK-I managed poll percentages of only 40-50%. The silver lining, though, is that these areas polled even fewer votes in 2007.In the previous elections, many affluent colonies of the area polled less than 30% votes. This time, however, the efforts of RWAs and the emergence of strong independent candidates in areas like Vasant Vihar saw the turnout improve.Despite being home to the educated upper middle class, Vasant Kunj showed its reluctance to vote with just 39.4% polling, but it was a marked improvement from 2007's lackadaisical response (25.2%). AK Mehta, chairman of the Federation of the Vasant Kunj RWAs, said most flat owners don't live here so voter turnout remains low.\"There are around 40,000 votes in our area but only 60% people actually live in the colony. The rest are either travelling or remain abroad for months on office projects,\" said Mehta. He pointed out the increase in voting percentage as a positive sign.Some of the RWAs said dissidents and rebels denied tickets by parties tried to spoil the atmosphere during the awareness campaigns and dissuaded people from voting. \"We spent days to educate people about the need to participate in elections but the poor publicity campaign by political workers let their morale down in some cases, affecting the turnout,\" said Rajiv Kakria, member of the GK-I RWA where only 37.3% votes were polled. In the last elections, 29.7% voters had cast their votes there.Vasant Vihar, an upscale colony in South Delhi, recorded 43.3% voting on Sunday as compared to 27.1% in the 2007 MCD elections. On the whole, a marked improvement. Kumkum Talwar, member of the Vasant Vihar RWA, said people in the area voted for change. \"For years, the voting percentage from our colony remained low. As a result of that political parties fielded candidates from the neighbouring village who rarely visited the area. This time, we fielded one of our active members - Sameer Bhagat - as an independent candidate and voted in large numbers,\" she added.In Safdarjung Enclave and Andrews Ganj, the polling percentage was 45.9% and 43.2% respectively, against 32.8% and 27.6% in 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12701003", "title": "Man dies in road accident", "text": "RAJKOT: A man was killed and his wife and daughter were injured in a road accident near Dhoraji on Monday. Police identified the deceased as Viththal Borsania, 45, a resident of Aditya Park Society in Rajkot.According to police, the accident happened on Monday morning when Borsania was taking his wife Varsha and daughter Darshana to a place of worship.\"A speeding rickshaw coming from the opposite direction rammed the bike, flinging the occupants off the road. While Borsania was killed on the spot, his wife and daughter are battling for life at Rajkot Civil Hospital,\" said an official from Dhoraji police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12696416", "title": "High court quashes posting of director of libraries", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Monday quashed the appointment of an under-qualified person as director of libraries and lambasted the state government for neglecting libraries despite collecting crores of rupees as library cess.Allowing a quo warranto plea to remove S Anbalagan from the post of director of libraries, Justice Chandru said, \"An attack against a library is an attack against the civilization and culture of a society. The attack on libraries may take many forms. There may be a direct attack to destroy it or indirect attacks like cutting the budgetary allocation, delay in sanctioning funds, keeping the library understaffed, denial of particular publications or appointing persons who are unqualified. It is necessary to save our libraries from being destroyed by such ingenious methods.\"The matter relates to the appointment of Anbalagan as director of libraries on September 21, 2011, even though he did not possess the mandatory qualification of a masters degree in library science and 15 years of experience in running libraries.When M Muthuswami, secretary of the Tamil Nadu Library Association, filed the petition, the government initially said it was an ad hoc arrangement. The government order, however, mentioned it was a regular appointment.Justice Chandru pointed out that Tamil Nadu had a rich library history because it was the first state to bring a law - Tamil Nadu Public Libraries Act 1998 - into place.\"It is unfortunate that having created a separate directorate and prescribed rules, the state government was observing the rules more in its breach than observance. It has become a promotional avenue for the persons working in the Directorate of School Education. The persons who are in the rank of deputy director or its equivalent got themselves posted as director of public libraries just prior to their retirement. After getting the higher post by transfer and getting higher pay fixed, they will retire from service. They will also get higher terminal benefits in this process,\" the judge said.In this regard, Justice Chandru pointed out that in the past 30 years, except one or two, other directors lacked even minimum educational qualification prescribed, to hold the post.\"Having collected huge amounts from the public as library cess and constituted legislation for library providing for a statutory post of director, the authorities for the past four decades have not done anything to alleviate the situation ,\" the judge lamented. \"It requires special knowledge to man the library. It is not a mere question of book issuing clerk manning the library.\"He also suggested that the government could go for direct recruitment of qualified candidates as director of libraries, if they do not find a fit person in existing government service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12697014", "title": "Unwell maid beaten up for refusing to wash clothes", "text": "NEW DELHI: In another possible case of a domestic maid being allegedly battered by her employers, a 20-year-old woman was admitted to Safdarjung Hospital with injuries on Monday afternoon. The woman has alleged that she was beaten up by her employers on April 13 after she failed to wash clothes as she was unwell. The help was hired through a placement agency, police said.Police were recording the statement of the victim on Monday evening and completing the formalities towards registering a case.Dismissing the allegations, her employers told cops that they were being framed and that they had handed the help over to her relatives as she was unwell. \"The employers have told us that they had taken in writing from the woman's brother-in-law, Prem Chand, that she was not well and he was taking her into his custody and that all dues had been cleared,\" said a senior police officer. Additional commissioner of police (west) V Renganathan said, \"The matter is being investigated.\"Hospital sources said the condition of the woman, who is in a neck brace, was stable. Doctors are awaiting results of some reports.Her brother-in-law said the woman was hit with a wooden object - used to wash clothes - on April 13. \"When she refused, the businessman's wife pushed her out of the bathroom and beat her up with a stick. It started to pain severely. Then her husband came and he also hit her. She fell and fainted,\" Chand said.\"When she was severely injured, her employers took her to a private clinic and got her first aid. But her condition began to deteriorate due to lack of proper treatment. Next day, her employer called me up and asked me to take her to a hospital. They also made me sign a paper on which something was written in English. In order to take her away safely, I signed whatever they said and left,\" he said.The woman, police sources said, came to Delhi five years ago and stayed with her sister and brother-in-law in Kotla in south Delhi. The eldest of seven siblings, she was convinced by her relatives to work to support her family. Using his contacts, Chand, who also runs a placement agency, found her a job as a domestic help a few years ago.One and a half years ago, she was employed at the businessman's house. Sources said she had completed a year in January and her sister got her contract renewed. Chand said she was hired for Rs 3,000 and her salary was increased to Rs 3,500 in the new contract.Chand alleged that on April 14, she was refused admission at Safdarjung. \"Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital and AIIMS also refused her admission. Then I contacted police and she was admitted to Safdarjung Hospital on April 16.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12700897", "title": "Oracle in a new push to Sun\u2019s erstwhile biz", "text": "NEW DELHI: When Oracle acquired Sun Microsystems a few years ago, not many thought it would be able to turn around the product offering made by the former soon enough. But Oracle claims to have done just that with Sun's erstwhile hardware and software offering.The company has claimed that encouraged by good server sales in the mid-range category, it has decided to renew its thrust to push the hardware sales by chalking out a new three-pronged strategy.Claiming expanding demand for its SPARC servers despite stiff competition from IBM and Hewlett-Packard , Oracle said it had shipped thousands of mid-range SPARC T4 servers with Oracle Solaris, making it one of the fastest ramping server products in Oracle's history.More than 800 customers around the world have adopted Oracle's SPARC T4 servers since its launch barely six months ago, to power their enterprise and mission-critical applications on Oracle Solaris 10 and 11, according to Oracle.Buyers for Sparc T4 buyers in India include Bajaj Electricals, Conax Access Systems, CrimsonLogic India, Gautam Buddha University, J&K; government, Jaypee Associates, L&T; Finance, Symantec Software India, Tata Communications , Vascon Engineers and Varroc Engineering.Oracle's SPARC T4 servers hold about a dozen world records on key application workloads and industry standard benchmarks.\"This range of benchmark results demonstrates the power and innovation built into the new SPARC T-4 servers and provides further proof that Oracle hardware with Oracle Solaris is the best platform to run enterprise applications\", said added Mitesh Agarwal, CTO &amp; director - systems solution consulting, Oracle India.\"SPARC T4 comes with a 5X improvement in single thread performance, 1 TB of memory capacity and massive system throughput and I/O capacity, making it ideal for large-scale applications, enterprise-wide consolidation and database projects that require extreme reliability, availability and security,\" he added.Oracle's SPARC T4 servers offer performance with flexible application support required by next generation data centers. SPARC systems excel on mission-critical single threaded and concurrent workloads, they also allow customers to consolidate multiple application tiers onto a single server, reducing system complexity and improving utilization, claimed the company.As part of its new strategy, while Oracle will continue to offer building blocks to address enterprise datacenter needs, it will also provide tightly integrated engineered systems to help its customers achieve extreme levels of efficiencies, simplicity, and manageability.\"Besides this, optimized solutions sit in between, offering great flexibility and broader applicability, based on our best-of-breed components, optimized to offer the best performance, engineering for maximum scalability and reliability,\" said Kapil Sood, vice-president, systems business, Oracle India.\"Traditionally, data centers were put together with building blocks of servers, storage and operating systems. Customers can continue to buy piece or parts of these, but we also offer recommended configuration of systems-recipes, which can help them identify which components do they really need and how to optimize them to garner maximum benefit. Finally, customers can get unprecedented performance and efficiency with our breakthrough engineered systems,\" added Sood.Recently, Oracle also unveiled its first general purpose engineered system - SPARC SuperCluster T4-4 - that combines the computing power of the new SPARC T4 processor, the performance and scalability of Oracle Solaris 11, the optimized database performance of Oracle Exadata storage, and the accelerated middleware processing of the Oracle Exalogic Elastic Cloud, claimed the company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12698118", "title": "Stories of three women dominate literary meet", "text": "KOLKATA: Lipi's fear that she would give birth to a girl child and her eventual emancipation from that fear was the central theme of Syed Manzoorul Islam's short story, but as he read it out, he reminded the audience of a universal truth - a woman's forever-shaky foundation in the household.Islam, one of the leading writers of Bangladesh, was in the city on Monday to participate in an interactive session with leading Indian author Namita Gokhale and deputy editor of Prothom Alo, Anisul Haq, who is a writer and poet in his own right. The event was part of Maitree Bandhan, a joint initiative of The Times of India and Prothom Alo, the leading daily of Bangladesh. In this second phase of Maitree Bandhan, we are celebrating our literary ties.Interestingly, all three writers spoke about their works with women as the central theme. So, if Islam spoke about the universal woman through Lipi, Gokhale spoke about Gandhari and Haq spoke about a mother and her eternal wait for her son.So it was not surprising that the session started with an animated discussion over whether they were all feminist writers, albeit unknowingly. \"I realise that I can write only as a woman. I tried otherwise, but that cannot be,\" confessed Gokhale.Both Haq and Islam said the huge body of Bengali literature created in West Bengal is being devoured in Bangladesh and that they hoped literature from Bangladesh would be appreciated here as well. Both drew attention to the fact that while books from India, especially West Bengal, were readily available in their country, the reverse was not true. \"The interface between the two countries would be complete only when the huge volume of literature created in Bangladesh finds readers here,\" Islam said.All the three authors pointed out that borders are political concepts that had very little bearing on human emotions. \"We speak the same language, have the same dreams and sing the same tunes. A political border cannot divide us just as it cannot stop a cloud from floating on both our skies,\" said Islam.The knowledgeable audience listened with rapt attention and the lively session left them thirsting to know more about writing trends in Bangladesh. \"Are women's issues becoming central to contemporary literature,\" asked writer Kadambari Kaul, who was in the audience.Gender divides, writing as women and male writers empathising with feminine sensibilities were other issues to be discussed. \"How do you see Gandhari as a mother and as a woman vis-a-vis Kunti,\" asked Shekhar Banerjee, secretary of the Bangla Akademi. The question was directed at Gokhale, who has written several stories based on the Mahabharata.Haq and Islam mentioned that at this time of the year, the whole of Bangladesh celebrates the advent of the Bengali New Year with music and literature. So the timing for Maitree Bandhan's literary festival was just right.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12697138", "title": "Painting Sikh Gurus' lives", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Moving away from their tradition of depicting Ramayana, Mahabharta, besides Krishna Leela on wooden \"kavads\" (small wooden foldable shrines with multiple doors), Mangilal Mistri, an artisan from Jaipur, has depicted important events in lives of Sikh gurus on kavads for the first time. One of these, depicting life of Guru Nanak is on display at Parade Ground in Sector 5, Panchkula, the venue of silver jubilee celebrations of North Zone Cultural Centre..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12696621", "title": "Plea against OBC quota admitted", "text": "HYDERABAD: The PIL bench of the high court comprising Chief Justice Madan B Lokur and Justice PV Sanjay Kumar on Monday admitted two writ petitions filed by Satyanarayana, a former member of the AP Public Service Commission (APPSC) questioning the failure of the state government to exclude politically advanced communities from the list of OBCs for the purpose of reservations to political offices. The writ petitioner said that consequent upon a judgment of the SC, the government was required to conduct an independent inquiry and ensure that reservations were properly used.The bench granted four weeks time to the government to respond. The bench also adjourned a separate batch of connected petitions on the question of reservations for backward classes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12701524", "title": "Relief for Maharashtra govt, Adarsh panel says land does not belong to Army", "text": "MUMBAI: In a huge relief to Maharashtra government, the judicial commission of inquiry looking into the Adarsh housing scam has held that the land on which the controversial building stands belongs to the state and not the Army.The two-member panel, which had submitted its interim report to the government last Friday, has also held that the building was not reserved for war heroes and Kargil widows.The interim report was discussed by the Maharashtra cabinet on Tuesday, sources close to the development said, adding it is likely to be tabled in the legislature later in the day.The commission headed by former Bombay high court judge J A Patil includes former state chief secretary P Subramanian.The report, according to sources, has thrown light on the issues of ownership of the land on which the 31-storey high-rise stands in upscale Colaba, and if it was reserved for war heroes and Kargil conflict widows.The allegations in the case are that the land was allotted by the state government to the Adarsh Society though it belonged to the defence ministry , and the building came up in violation of several civic and environmental norms.The state government had approached the commission a few months ago seeking an interim report on the points of title and reservation.The Maharashtra government had appointed the two-member panel to probe the Adarsh Society scam in January last year.The panel has been tasked with probing all aspects of the scam, including ownership of the land and allotment, as well as alleged violations of rules in grant of various clearances to the building. The commission is also looking into violation of coastal zone regulations.A number of top civil and Army officials and politicians, including former chief minister Ashok Chavan , are alleged to have facilitated clearances for the building and got flats in it as quid pro quo.Nine of the 14 accused, including two senior IAS officers, have been arrested for their alleged involvement in the scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12697765", "title": "Online vigil on doctors performing sex test", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat has decided to embrace an advanced technique that uses Active Tracker (AT) - a GPS and GPRS-enabled device that promises to bring transparency in sonography - in order to curb sex determination and ultimately female foeticide. The measure has been mooted following only a marginal improvement in child sex ratio in the state from 883 girls per 1,000 boys in 2001 to 886 girls per 1,000 boys in 2011, underlining that strict action is needed if the state aims to push the sex ratio upwards.The technology will be initially implemented in Mehsana, the district which is grappling with the lowest sex ratio (845 girls to every 1,000 boys) in India. A meeting of the district collectorate officials and local doctors was organized recently by Federation of Gynecologist and Obstetrician Society of India (Mehsana) district where the medical fraternity accepted the district administration's proposal to install AT in their sonography machines.\"There are about 100 registered sonography machines in Mehsana, of which 30 have already placed orders to get ATs. We expect that 95% of sonography machines will be fitted with ATs very soon,\" said collector Rajkumar Beniwal.The Mehsana experiment precedes the health administration's decision to use ATs to strengthen monitoring of the doctors as far as information on the sonography on pregnant women is concerned. \"We are actively considering use of active trackers on sonography machines all over the state. We are studying the advantages and disadvantages of implementing this system which has been introduced in six districts in Maharashtra and some parts of Haryana. This will help health officials keep a close watch on doctors who may be performing sex determination tests on the sly and underreporting these cases by not submitting their Form F,\" said health commissioner P K Taneja.Taneja said that there are 4,000 sonography machines in the state. The administration is also considering making it mandatory to fill Form F as per the Pre-Conception Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act online.\"We have started online filling of Form F on a pilot project basis in Surat. Once we are successful, it will be implemented all over the state,\" said Taneja.Officials in Mehsana, however, said that installing ATs is not mandatory, but most of the doctors have voluntarily agreed to it. \"Those who avoid using ATs automatically come under the scanner,\" said a district health department official.How the active tracker worksAT records sonography data and sends it to the central monitoring unit in district collectorate office. Month-long data can be recorded on a disc.If the AT is removed by the doctor, the device automatically sends an alert to the central monitoring unit. This prevents a doctor from misusing the sonography machine to carry out sex-determination test without attracting attention.Officials say that the data from AT is admissible in court. Legal and criminal proceedings can be initiated against the erring doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12697853", "title": "Slum-dwellers to get houses at same location", "text": "NAGPUR: There is a reason to cheer for city's slum-dwellers, as the union government has given its nod to construct flats in the same location where slum-dwellers are residing. The project was launched under the Basic Services for Urban Poor (BSUP) scheme.This decision was announced at a meeting of Slum Rehabilitation Authority convened at Nagpur Municipal Corporation. SRA secretary Ajay Patil said, \"The union government had sanctioned construction of 7,226 flats under BSUP scheme in seven projects. However, at present the SRA will construct concrete houses for 1,586 of the sanctioned 1,706 slum-dwellers.\" The SRA has already expedited construction of 1,260 houses under BSUP scheme, said Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12700572", "title": "Pratyusha Banerjee wants to do a Bengali films!", "text": "She has already warmed your hearts as Anandi in the immensely popular Balika Vadhuon Colors, and gradually, Pratyusha Banerjee wants to show her acting prowess on the big screen.But it's not the B-Town that she is looking at just yet. Instead, Pratyusha Banerjee first wants to concentrate on films in Bengali, her mother tongue. \" Arre yaar, no one seems to be in the mood to offer me a Bengali film. I have seen some recent Bengali films and really loved them. It's great that they are making some good films again. Given a choice, I would love to do a Bengali film.\" she smiles.Were her parents supportive of her decision to act? With a smile, this 20-something bubbly youngster says, \"I never thought of acting as a career while growing up, but the glitz and glamour of the profession definitely attracted me. You know what, I wanted to become a model as a small kid. But then, my height was an issue. Besides, having grown up in a conservative Bengali household, it wasn't really an idea that was encouraged much! I was into many cultural activities, like any typical Bengali kid. I had fun learning Kathak. But eventually, when acting happened, my parents were very supportive.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12697194", "title": "Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon plans road, overhead tank in Harsaru village", "text": "GURGAON: The Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) plans to build a road in Jyoti Park and an overhead water tank in village Harsaru. The MCG commissioner, Sudhir Rajpal, said both the projects would be completed at a cost of Rs 43 lakh.The MCG plans to construct an RMC road in Chaudhary Wali Gali behind Geeta Bhawan in Jyoti Park at a cost of Rs 19 lakh. The corporation has fixed three months' time to complete the work.Likewise, Rs 24 lakh will be spent in building an RCC overhead service reservoir water tank in at a cost of Rs 24 lakh. The tank will store 1.5 lakh litres of water and will be built up to a height of 25 metres. With this, the MCG hope to provide better water supply in the village and its nearby areas. A time limit of four months has been fixed for completing the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12696907", "title": "Woman drug peddler gets 3 years in jail", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 50-year-old woman drug peddler arrested with 250 gm of heroin, has been sentenced to three years in jail and fined Rs 25,000.Special Judge Narinder Kumar sentenced Sumitra after holding her guilty under the Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act.\"Having regard to the quantity of the contraband recovered from the convict, which is intermediatory, and that the accused is not a previous convict and is about 50 years of age, this court deems it fit to sentence her for a rigorous imprisonment of three years and a fine of Rs 25,000,\" the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12700280", "title": "Kin stage road blockade against murder", "text": "BHOPAL: Traffic on the Bhopal-Indore road was held up for over three hours on Monday morning as the relatives of person, who was allegedly murdered, resorted to road blockade against the incident. The protesters were demanding compensation and the arrest of culprits responsible for the death of 32-year-old farmer, who was allegedly tied to a jeep and dragged on Sunday morning. The victim reportedly died on the spot.The police arrested two accused on Sunday and declared Rs 15,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of another two accused.The gruesome incident took place around 9.30 am on Sunday when the victim was stopped near Toomda village on the outskirts of Bhopal near Bairagarh and attacked. After he fell on the ground, he was tied to a vehicle and dragged for some distance.According to the police, the deceased, a resident of Patnia village succumbed to injuries late last night. The body of the victim was taken for cremation to the village on Monday after the post-mortem.Anticipating trouble, the traffic was diverted, but many vehicles were stuck in a traffic jam until late afternoon. \"Traffic was disrupted for more than three hours,\" said CSP Traffic Monika Shukla. A large number of vehicles coming from both the directions- were held up on the busy Bhopal-Indore road.District collector Nikunj Shrivastava and SSP Yogesh Chaudhary met the protesting relatives. \"We have assured them that the culprits will be arrested and have declared a reward on their arrest,\" said the SSP.\"The situation is under control. It is an isolated incident in farthest corner of the city,\" said Chaudhary reassuring to arrest the culprits. The vehicle in question has also been impounded and investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12697781", "title": "Students and parents upset too over change in school timings", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Parents and students of the secondary section and higher secondary sections across the city are upset with the change in school timings as instructed by the commissioner of Schools. The timings have been changed to 11am to 5 pm.Most of the parents feel that it is not a feasible option in a state with tropical climate with nearly nine months of summer. It has also been called big challenge by working parents who will have to pick their wards at odd hours.Roopal Shah, a parent says, \"I am concerned because my daughter will then be out in scorching heat the whole day. Besides late school will mean getting up late and whole schedule will go topsy turvy.\"Another parent, Anjali Deshpande feels that it will be difficult to manage coaching and school with new timings. She says, \"Students will keep on running between schools, coaching and home, which will only add on to their stress. I think the government should not make an attempt to disturb children.\"Even the students are quiet perturbed with the suggested change of timing. Batul Merchant, class XI student at St Xavier's Mirzapur, says, \"Attention would be zero when one will have to sit in scorching heat and attend classes. I feel lot many factors should be considered before this change of timing is implemented.\" Adds Niharika Deshpande, class XI student at Sakar English School, \"I agree that government's intention behind this initiative is noble but with these timings we will not find time for self study and it will be very difficult to cope with studies. This will only add on to our stress for sure as I have studied at a school with such odd timings.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "12698460", "title": "Childless couples prefer to adopt girls", "text": "THRISSUR: Female feticide could be one possible reason for the falling sex ratio in India. But unlike the rest of the country, in Kerala couples seem to prefer girl children to boys, especially those that go in for adoption.As per the data available with the Adoption Coordinating Agency in Rajagiri College of Social Sciences, most childless couples prefer girls to boys.This college is the only agency in Kerala which has been recognized by the Central Adoption Resource Authority.The data also show that the adoption rate is coming down owing to the declining number of children in adoption centres.In 2009-2010, of the 242 adopted children, 128 were girls. In 2010-2011, a total of 118 girls were adopted while the number of boys adopted was 110. In 2011-2012, as against 94 boys, 106 girls were adopted. The adoption of children in Kerala is done through 17 licensed adoption centres.Meena Kuruvila, project coordinator at the agency, said, \"Most of the childless couples prefer girls. They say girls are more affectionate and caring. Girls will not disrupt the peaceful ambience in the family even if they come to know that they were adopted, couples feel.\"\"However, if they find it difficult to get girls, they readily adopt boys,\" she added.However, people from some communities prefer to adopt boys to sustain their population, Meena said.Children are adopted based on Juvenile Justice Act and the guidelines put up by the Central Adoption Resource Authority.These days adoption centres were finding it difficult to meet the need of the rising number of childless couples in the state, Meena Kuruvila said.\"At present there are 600 childless couples waiting to adopt children. But there are only about 120 children in adoption centres in Kerala,\" Meena said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "12697616", "title": "Gun seized from local at Vagheri", "text": "KERI: The forest officials of Keri range seized a country gun from a local- Vitho Pingle, a resident of Bamanwada of Vagheri in the Thane-Dongurli village panchayat-at the foothills of Vagheri, inside the Mhadei Wildlife Sanctuary, while patrolling the area early Sunday morning.Keri range forest officer (RFO) Deepak Betkikar said, \"Pingle has admitted that he did not kill any wild animal. However, he was found carrying a country gun and hence was handed over to the wildlife division.\"RFO of the Mhadei Wildlife Sanctuary Vishwas Chodankar said, \"Pingle surrendered the gun and we have confiscated it under the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12696322", "title": "High Court summons man on second honeymoon", "text": "MUMBAI: There is something fishy, observed the Bombay high court on Monday, while summoning a man on his second honeymoon to appear before it. A division bench of Justice P B Majmudar and Justice Anoop Mohta was hearing an application filed by Smitha Menon (34), challenging the ex-parte divorce obtained by her husband Anand (42) from the family court, Bandra, on June 11, 2006.Her petition said Anand continued to stay with her and their daughter (9) in their Nalla Sopara flat. He left home clandestinely in February 2008 , a week before the Vasai court bailiff came to serve papers of the suit filed by him for possession of the flat. It was only then that she got to know about the divorce.Smitha then moved the family court for setting aside the divorce decree, saying no summons or notice was served to her. She alleged that Anand fraudulently obtained the divorce ex-parte either by forging documents or manipulating the records. The court dismissed her application in January 2009, saying she has attributed malpractice against Anand and not the bailiff.According to Smitha's application, they married on January 20, 2002. They initially lived in a rented place at Vasai. In March 2003, they jointly purchased a flat in Nalla Sopara (E). Though it was in Anand's name, Smitha's petition said \"till today she is repaying the loan and her matrimonial home is the only roof over her head and that of her daughter''.Anand's advocate submitted that although he was granted a divorce in 2006, he married only this month, April 2012. \"He is with his new wife. They have gone somewhere,'' said his advocate, indicating that the couple are on honeymoon. \"Call him back from wherever he is,\" said Justice Majmudar. \"Prima facie, there is something fishy. It is not possible to believe that after getting divorce a man will continue to stay with his wife in the same house,'' he added.Smitha's advocate submitted that without serving the family court summons, an endorsement was made that she refused it. Observing \"serious grievance'' , the judges have directed the HC registry to \"by a special messenger call for the record and proceeding from the family court''. Anand has been asked to be present in court at the next hearing on April 20.(Names have been changed to protect identity)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12697725", "title": "Margao Municipal Council to elect chairperson, deputy chief today", "text": "MARGAO: A close fight is in the offing during the elections to the post of chairperson and deputy chairperson of the Margao Municipal Council (MMC) on Tuesday, with both the rival groups fielding their respective candidates for the two posts.MMC's chief officer J B Bhingui said that he received nominations from Arthur D'Silva and Gonzaco Rebello to contest elections for the post of chairperson, while Pratima Coutinho and Luis alias Joseph Silva have filed nominations for the deputy chairperson's post.While D'Silva and Coutinho are the consensus candidates of the 11-member group that had revolted against the ruling dispensation, Rebello and Silva owe allegiance to Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai.The post of the chairperson had fallen vacant after Susheela Naik resigned following the no-confidence motion moved against her and deputy chairperson Gonzaco Rebello earlier this month by 11 of the 20 councillors. Rebello, however, preferred to face the no-confidence motion tabled at the meeting of the council last week, but was ousted 11-0.Pratima Coutinho, Arthur D'Silva, Sangeeta Audi , Sadanand Naik, Babita Naik, Avinash Shirodkar, Dayanand Deulkar, Dhananjay Mayenkar, Raju Naik, Carmina Rodrigues and Bindiya Naik were among those who moved the motion.Sources said that the 11-member cluster has reached an understanding among themselves to share the chairperson's post among at least three councillors from their group during the remainder of the council's tenure. While it could not be ascertained who will succeed D'Silva, sources said Sadanand Naik and Dhananjay Mayenkar are the top probables.Following the civic elections held in October 2010, then chief minister Digambar Kamat had succeeded in forging a consensus to elect Naik as the chairperson. Naik had assumed the office in November 2010. The understanding arrived at then was that she would be allowed to retain office until the assembly elections are conducted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12696741", "title": "Crime branch to probe arms case against Kripa", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai police commissioner Arup Patnaik on Monday transferred the illegal arms case against Congress leader Kripashankar Singh from the Nirmal Nagar police (Bandra) to the city crime branch.Singh and his family members will be summoned by the crime branch by the end of this week for questioning. An officer of the rank of assistant commissioner of police will head the probe into the arms case against Singh.Last Friday, the Nirmal Nagar police registered an FIR against Singh for possessing cartridges beyond the permissible limit. Before Nirmal Nagar officers could begin the probe, Patnaik transferred the case to the crime branch fearing mishandling by the local police. It would have been embarrassing for Nirmal Nagar officers to question Singh as the latter had inaugurated their police station as a minister of state (home) a few years ago.The arms case spells fresh trouble for Singh, who is already being probed by a special investigating team (SIT) in a case of disproportionate assets. Charges registered under the Arms Act are non-bailable and Singh, if found guilty, faces a jail term of five years, said sources, adding that arrest is mandatory in an arms case.According to the FIR, around 110 cartridges of various weapons were recovered by the SIT from Singh's 2,000 sq ft flat in Sai Prasad, Bandra (E), during the raid. According to the police, Singh has four licences for weapons in his family. Besides Singh, his wife Maltidevi and son Narendra possesses gun licences even though they have never undertaken any training. Sources said all the licences were issued when Singh was the minister of state for home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12697535", "title": "Oxytocin triggers early puberty among girls: Expert", "text": "LUCKNOW: Sustained intake of oxytocin is associated with onset of early puberty in children particularly children.\"Oxytocin adversely affects growth hormones especially in females because of which minor girls attain early puberty,\" said Dr Rahul Kumar, pharmacologist with Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University.Dr Madhu Gupta of Federation of Obstetrics' and Gynecological Societies in India's (FOGSI) Lucknow chapter, added that pregnant women too were at the risk of complications if exposed to the artificial oxytocin for long. \"Administering artificial hormones to a patient for therapeutic purposes is monitored in detail. Anything going excessively in the body for long is bound to cause problems,\" she said.Oxytocin is a hormone secreted by the pituitary gland. It is naturally produced in an expectant mother for two purposes. On one hand it promotes lactation, while it helps in contracting the uterine muscles after child birth to check loss of blood. It was artificially manufactured to save mothers from post-pregnancy complications. A section of scientific literature says that children born to mothers exposed to high level of artificial oxytocin may suffer with birth defects and low resistance levels. In individual cases, oxytocin is said to have inhibited breast feeding.Certain experts however refute the claims. Endocrinologist with Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences, Prof Sushil Gupta, said that oxytocin was a protein that was naturally flushed out of the body if taken through the oral route. \"Since oxytocin doesn't absorb through the oral route it is always given through intra venous or nasal route,\" revealed Prof Gupta. Retired head of pharmacology department, Prof KK Pant, agrees with Prof Gupta's views. \"The good and bad effect of oxytocin on humans administered through the oral route is being debated world over,\" he said.Artificial oxytocin was placed in Schedule H of the Drug and Cosmetics Act and can be sold on prescription only. It was banned in India for use on animals. Though the price of generic oxytocin being manufactured and marketed by reputed companies is around Rs 20, it is claimed to be readily available in black - the cost of a single ampoule being less than a rupee. \"No matter how illiterate the milk man is, he knows what oxytocin is,\" remarked an animal activist. Also, oxytocin being used by certain milk men is different from what pharma companies manufacture commercially. \"Dairymen cannot use the normal oxytocin as it is available only on prescription basis. So they bank on illegal source. And one has all the reasons to doubt if they were manufactured correctly or not,\" said a government veterinary officer.In cows or buffaloes, the flow of milk is stimulated by the calf's nuzzling, since dairy men kill the calf or else separate it from the mother, they inject the cow with oxytocin to stimulate uterine contractions and allow for easy flow of milk. Dr AK Varshney, a veterinary expert, revealed that oxytocin was a slow poison for the bovine. \"Oxytocin does not increase the amount of milk but merely makes it flow faster. It causes the equivalent of labor pains in the cow twice a day and destroys her reproductive system prematurely. She grows sterile in four years and is then abandoned onto the street or else slaughtered,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12696511", "title": "Cops grill three in pawnbroker murder", "text": "CHENNAI: Investigators probing Saturday's murder of pawnbroker B Gunaram in Maduravoyal have grilled three suspects in connection with the case, which took a new twist on Monday after the police said the crime could have been the fallout of a relationship the victim had with a woman who lived in the locality.A woman was among the three suspects interrogated by the police. Investigating officers said Gunaram alias Ganeshram had a relationship with a woman in the locality and made frequent calls to her. He befriended the woman when she went to his shop to pawn gold jewellery. Police found the woman's phone number in the victim's wallet on Saturday.Investigators are looking into possible connections between the murder and a previous theft at the shop and culprits in that incident.The investigators are trying to establish the motive for the murder and are checking for any business rivalry. They are also scrutinising recent deals struck by Gunaram.\"We are probing two angles. One is the affair he had with the woman and the other is that he had problems making the payment for 1 kg of gold jewellery that he had purchased recently,\" an investigating officer said.Investigators said they suspect the woman could have been involved in the murder as the pawnbroker's marriage had been fixed on April 22.Footage from a security camera showed an unidentified man entering the shop on Saturday morning and checking gold jewellery. Investigators believe that the man murdered Gunaram by slashing his throat with a knife before fleeing from the spot with 23 sovereigns of gold jewellery.Investigating officers are examining the CCTV camera footage that includes a 15 minute conversation between the victim and the suspected killer. Investigators said they have ruled out the possibility that Gunaram was murdered to rob the gold from his shop.Investigators are also checking CCTV footage recorded a month ago in an attempt to identity the suspected killer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12696445", "title": "Dilson\u2019s friend missing, police delay action", "text": "CHENNAI: Citing jurisdictional problems, officers in two police stations made a family run in circles for five days after a 14-year-old boy went missing before they finally registered a complaint.Members of B Abymon's family said the boy went missing on April 8 but the police allowed them to file a case only last Friday. Abymon was a close friend of K Dilson, the boy who was shot dead by a retired Army officer inside an Army complex on Flag Staff Road last July.Abymon, 14, a Class 8 student of Everwin Matriculation School in Kolathur and a native of Kerala, disappeared when he went to Apostolic Church in Aminjikarai with his grandmother, Leela, on Easter day.\"During mass, he left the church telling his grandmother that he would return soon. When he did not show up after mass had ended, his grandmother informed family members,\" a relative of the boy said. \"We searched for Abymon but could not find him.\"When they went to lodge a complaint at the Triplicane police station, they were directed to the Aminjikarai police station as the boy went missing in that locality. Aminjikarai police directed them back to Triplicane police station and the to and fro continued till Aminjikarai police registered a complaint.\"We have pasted pictures of the boy in public places across the city and informed all police stations,\" an investigating officer said.\"I received two phone calls on different days from anonymous callers who said they had spotted Abymon near Central station. When I went to the spot, he was not there,\" said S Saravanan, the boy's brother.Abymon, whose mother died 12 years ago, was being taken care by a relative S Saravanan, a resident of Pallavan Salai. Abymon's father, Binu, an autorickshaw driver abandoned them after his wife died.His friend Dilson was shot dead when he entered the Army complex on July 3, 2011 to pluck fruits. The police arrested Lt Col (retd) Kandaswamy Ramraj in connection with his death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12700624", "title": "No consensus on RS candidate yet", "text": "RANCHI: Even after several marathon meetings during the day, no political party or alliance was able to declare the name of its candidate for the biennial Rajya Sabha elections.The Election Commission has earlier cancelled the election notification on March 30 after income-tax department recovered Rs 2.15 crore from an associate of independent candidate R K Agarwal just hours before polling started.A fresh the notification for the Rajya Sabha election was issued on Monday.While the JMM, one of the ruling parties, authorized party chief Shibu Soren to take a decision on name of the candidate, the opposition parties failed to reach a consensus. Polling for two seats, which became vacant on April 2, will take place on May 3.After a marathon meeting of around four hours, deputy chief minister and JMM legislative party leader Hemant Soren said, \"We have authorized our party chief to decide name of the candidate,\" said Hemant. However, he declined to say anything on the fate of Sanjeev Kumar, who had contested the election on a JMM ticket when the last election was countermanded.\"The party chief will decide on the candidate after discussing on the name with coalition partners, including the BJP, AJSU Party, Janata Dal (U) and independent MLAs,\" said Hemant.The opposition parties also failed to reach a consensus even after JVM-P tried to convince them on giving the ticket to some famous and a political person. The opposition parties met twice first in the morning and again in the evening but failed to reach an agreement. \"We wanted that the opposition should unite and give ticket to someone like Tata Group chairman Ratan Tata or sportsperson like former national women's hockey captain Savitri Purti,\" said JVM-P legislator and party general secretary Pradeep Yadav.The RJD leader in the assembly, Annapurna Devi, and independent MLA Bandhu Tirkey supported suggestion of JVM-P but failed to convince the Congress. \"We want that the opposition should agree on giving ticket to some famous personality,\" said Tirkey. However, the Congress leaders remained tight-lipped on the matter and declined to say anything on the matter till they consult central leadership.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12702992", "title": "Titanic theme song haunts Kate Winslet", "text": "The history that the movie Titanic created was phenomenal - in terms of box office collections, making its lead actors stars and record collections for the Celine Dion song too. Perhaps the movie created more news than the actual disaster itself. Now in the backdrop of the movie's re-release coinciding with 100th anniversary of the ship's demise, the lead actors are back in the limelight.In fact, one of the wittiest facebook status messages put up reads: Titanic@100: World tries to remember 1512 victims; but can recollect only Rose and Jack - blissfully in 3D!' However, instead of basking in the glory of the movie's re-release, the lead actress who became one of the most sought-after actresses post the movie becoming a blockbuster hit, said in a recent interview that the Titanic theme song makes her want to throw up. She went on to add that the signature Celine Dion ballad haunts her.The reason, she cites, is because the song follows her wherever she goes. She somehow ends up listening to the epic song every time she makes a public appearance and that bothers her.The interview published on a foreign website says Kate Winslet told on an Italian talk show, \"It (Titanic theme song) rather haunts me...Bless you, Celine, but it does rather haunt me.\"Why not? After all the adulation she received for the movie, this is but unavoidable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12698069", "title": "Sushil Modi to discuss goods and service tax related matters with Pranab Mukherjee", "text": "PATNA: Chairman of the empowered committee of states' finance ministers Sushil Kumar Modi would hold discussions with Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee on matters related to goods and service tax (GST) in Delhi on Tuesday, specially with regard to ways and means to compensate losses that the states would suffer after GST comes into force.Modi, who is also Bihar deputy CM, left for Delhi on Monday itself.Over and above his meeting with Mukherjee, Modi is scheduled to chair a separate meeting of this committee on Wednesday being held to discuss at length the \"negative aspects\" of the list of service tax imposed.The Delhi meeting of this committee would have threadbare discussion on the extent of losses that various states would suffer after GST is enforced in the country, and also try to reach an understanding with regard to the ways and means of compensation expected from the Centre to offset the losses.Besides, the participating finance ministers would review the status of tax collection in respective states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "12697626", "title": "Lift all cotton export restrictions: Kishore Tiwari", "text": "YAVATMAL: In Pandharkawda, cotton farmers and farm widows on Monday went on hunger strike demanding lifting of 'all restrictions' on cotton export. They also burned effigies of prime minister Dr Manmohan Singh and Union trade and textile minister Anand Sharma. Kishore Tiwari of Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti (VJAS) said, \"Sharma is acting like an agent of Indian textile mill owners by banning fresh cotton export which is affecting millions of farmers.\"Tiwari termed the ban on fresh cotton as 'biased' and politically motivated move to protect handful of spinning and weaving mills and garment traders. \"It is damaging cotton exporters' creditability in the global market.\" he added.Farmers demanded that the Director General of Foreign Trade should start fresh registration of cotton export. tnnas India is the world's second-largest cotton producer. \"The output is expected to hit a record high with 34 million bales in 2011-12,\" Tiwari added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12698139", "title": "Trichy division bags efficiency award in Southern Railway", "text": "TRICHY: The Tiruchirappalli division, which bagged the Southern Railway general manager's inter-division overall efficiency shield this year, will soon run a passenger train service between Tiruvarur - Mayiladuthurai section, a distance of 38 km.\"It was a great moment for the division to have bagged the award after a gap of six years, despite the Thane cyclone which created havoc in the railway's Cuddalore section. A bumper samba harvest in the delta region enabled the division to dispatch a record 6.4 tonnes of paddy between April to February in 2011-12, thus allowing it to surpass the target of handling 8.5 million tonnes freight by this February,\" said divisional railway manager, A V Vaidiyalingam on Monday.Vaidiyalingam said the division had earlier achieved the top honour among the six divisions of the Southern Railway in 1997 and in the year 2004 it shared the honour with the Madurai division. Having an employee strength of 11,430 and spread over 13 districts in southern India, the division recovered from the Thane cyclone shock within a couple of weeks, he said. The government had promised a relief of Rs 13 crore and the first instalment of Rs 4 crore, has already been sanctioned to rebuild the affected parts in the division.On the economic front too, the division had created history by registering a revenue of Rs 614 crore more than the fixed target of Rs 581 crore. If the operating ratio of the Southern Railway was brought down to 119% from the previous 136%, it was mainly due to the contribution from Trichy division, said Vaidiyalingam. The rate of punctuality of Southern Railway had increased to 93% from the previous 87%, but the figure for the division stood at 90% mainly because it was a pass through.\"The delay from other divisions would reflect on the overall performance of this particular division,\" he added.Meanwhile, the much-awaited foot overbridge (FOB) will be built in the Tiruchirappalli railway station for the convenience of passengers. An amount of Rs 4 crore has already been allotted for the project which has provision for construction of an escalator that would be constructed in the second phase. The work will start first on the FOB, and if everything goes according to plan, it will be thrown open to the public by 2013, said Vaidiyalaingam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12698328", "title": "Ban on sand mining hits Jaipur Metro Project", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Jaipur Metro Project on Monday rushed to the Supreme Court complaining that its construction work was badly hit by an order of the Rajasthan High Court extending the SC's ban on mining in Aravalli hill range to extraction of sand from Banas river bed.Appearing for the metro project, scheduled to be completed by June 2013, attorney general G E Vahanvati informed a bench of Justices K S Radhakrishnan and C K Prasad that there never was a ban on extraction of sand from the river bed. But the HC erroneously extended the ban to extraction of sand from the river bed on a misunderstanding of the apex court's February 27 order, which banned mining of minor minerals in the Aravalli hill range without prior permission from the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF).MoEF's counsel and additional solicitor general Mohan Jain told the court that if the project made an application for permission to extract sand from the river bed for use in construction work for the project, it would consider the same expeditiously.Vahanvati said work on the project would come to a halt if early permission was not granted. The bench asked MoEF to consider within 10 days any application made by the project for extraction of sand from the river bed.Work on the 9.5 km-long first phase of the project from Mansarovar to Chandpole, supported by 370 pillars, is expected to be completed by June 2012. In the first phase, the Metro will have 10 trains with four coaches each. Phase-II of the project awaits state cabinet approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12696723", "title": "700 college teachers court arrest over NET dispute", "text": "MUMBAI: More than 700 teachers of colleges affiliated to the University of Mumbai and SNDT University courted arrest on Monday to protest against the state not fulfilling faculty members' demands of regularizing teachers who were exempted from taking NET/SET. They were also demonstrating their anger at the government's failure to pay them their salary arrears according to the VIth Pay Commission's recommendations.The protesting teachers have also decided to stay away from this year's centralized assessment process till their demands were met. The scene was similar in 10 other universities in the state where thousands of teachers courted arrest and resolved to boycott evaluating answer papers, till the state complied with them.Madhu Paranjpe, Bombay University and Colleges' Teachers Union (BUCTU) general secretary, said, \"No one is reporting for assessment work, they are all supporting the boycott. Apart from a handful of temporary teachers, the rest are participating in the boycott. Even college principals are supporting us.\"A total of 1,100 commerce teachers are supposed to correct nearly 6 lakh answer booklets of the TYBCom exams. The TYBSc exams will also conclude in two days but teachers have decided not to get back to work unless the state acted on their appeals.The dispute dates back to the late '90s when the University Grants Commission made it mandatory that all candidates aspiring to teach in colleges will have to take NET/SET. But the Maharashtra government decided to implement the rule retrospectively and several MPhil-qualified teachers, who were appointed between September 1991 and April 2000, were affected by the decision.Secondly, said Tapati Mukhopadhyay, general secretary of the Maharashtra Federation of University and College Teachers' Organisation, said the government also needed to pay the arrears of the new pay scales to all teachers, including the cash component that has been pending. \"The government resolution for implementing the VIth Pay Commission's recommendations for engineering teachers has also not been passed. Even the retirement age for teachers has not been increased,\" said Mukhopadhyay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12699790", "title": "One held for textile looms owner murder", "text": "SURAT: Crime Branch sleuths arrested a construction labourer for allegedly murdering a textile looms owner on Sunday. The owner was murdered as he spotted the accused, who had entered the house to carry out theft. In the incident, a resident of Saiyedpura area Nooruddin Saiyed Hasan died of severe head injuries on April 2. His wife Nargis Begam was also admitted in hospital with serious head injuries. A mobile phone and cash were looted from him, but police could not get any clue initially.During investigation police traced the accused Kaiyum alias Mithun alias Kailash Ashok Vasava, a resident of Dhastipura Paliya Ground near Variavi Bazaar. Police recovered the looted mobile phone of Saiyed from Kailash.Saiyed had hired a construction contractor Kalim Shaikh for building a room on the third floor of his house. Shaikh started the work and hired Kailash for labour work. Kailash wanted money and planned a theft at Saiyed's residence. On April 2, Kailash did not leave Saiyed's residence and was hiding on the third floor.While checking the progress in construction, Saiyed spotted Kailash on third floor and tried to catch him. Before he could control Kailash, the latter picked up an iron pipe and attacked Saiyed on his head several times. The accused then looted Rs 2,500 and mobile phone from Saiyed's pocket. While getting down from the stairs, Nargis saw him with the iron pipe. Kailash then attacked Nargis and left her injured.He escaped from the house immediately. Initially, police were not able to trace the accused since there were no clues or witnesses. However, detailed questioning of regular visitors to Saiyed's house led them to Kailash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12698014", "title": "Decision on Prithviraj Nagar scheme soon: Dhariwal", "text": "JAIPUR: Urban development and housing minister Shanti Dhariwal on Monday told the state assembly that a decision on regularisation of the city's Prithviraj Nagar residential scheme would be taken at the earliest.\"The process to regularise the houses constructed in different colonies of the residential scheme is in the final stages. A decision about the regularisation could be taken as soon as in the next cabinet meeting,\" Dhariwal told the House.The issue was raised by the ruling party's legislator from Civil Lines constituency, Pratap Singh Khachariawas, who has led residents of the Prithviraj Nagar scheme in the past also. \"The residents of the area are agitated about the government still not regularising their houses. They held a meeting today and I am told they have decided to launch on agitation on the matter,\" Khachariawas said in the assembly.The ruling party legislator urged the minister to \"clear\" the state government's stand on regularising the scheme and release the allotment letters in the Prithviraj Nagar scheme and the slums around it.Dhariwal said the government decision would soon be made public. Opinions from legislators of all the parties have been already been sought in the matter and these will be incorporated in the government decision,\" the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12697319", "title": "'5% discretionary quota on govt houses can stay'", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre has told the Supreme Court that a proposal to scrap allotment of government accommodation to persons other than those in legislature, executive and judiciary would not be desirable as the SC itself had formulated guidelines permitting 5% discretionary quota to non-public servants.\"Allotment of government accommodation to persons belonging to categories other than the three wings of government, for example for journalists, eminent artistes, freedom fighters and social workers, is made as per provisions in the guidelines framed as per direction of the SC in Shiv Sagar Tiwari vs Union of India. In view of this, cancellation of such allotments already made and discontinuation of further allotments may not be desirable,\" the directorate of estates in the ministry of urban development said.It added, \"The present guidelines provide for allotment of accommodation to non-government organizations which are working for national interest or for meeting international obligations.\"The department was responding to seven radical suggestions made by amicus curiae and senior advocate Ranjit Kumar before a bench headed by Justice P Sathasivam to curb unauthorized occupation of government accommodation.Kumar had suggested suspension of officers and privilege motion against ministers and MPs who overstay in their official accommodation. The directorate of estates said, \"The suggestion to put all serving unauthorized occupants under suspension will be too harsh and does not fall within the ambit of provisions of Public Premises (Eviction of Unauthorized Occupants) Act, 1971.Moreover, suspension is resorted to under certain specific circumstances as a matter of administrative action under the Central Civil Services Rules.\"For ministers and MPs, the department did not say what action was to be taken if on ceasing to be a minister, a person did not vacate the official accommodation within the stipulated period of one month. However, it said MPs were allotted accommodation by respective House committees.The department said unauthorized occupation of government accommodation did not fall within the purview of breach of privilege. \"In the event of unauthorized occupation, respective House committees refer the case to the directorate of estates for initiating eviction proceedings under the PP(E) Act, 1971,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12696722", "title": "Suspense over promotions worries 1998-batch cops", "text": "HYDERABAD: Indian Police Service (IPS) officers of 1998 batch in the state are a worried lot and not without reason. Five of their batchmates were omitted from the list of postings announced as part of the major reshuffle undertaken by the state government on Friday.The officers, who are due for upgradation, are anxious whether they would be promoted to the rank of deputy inspector general (DIG) any time soon.Further, if the promotions are awarded, will the entire batch get upgraded or only a select few. The batch has 16 officers.The 1998-batch officers were due for promotion since January 2012 but are still waiting for chief secretary Pankaj Dwivedi to convene a Department Promotion Committee (DPC) meeting.\"In January 2011, all officers due for promotion were upgraded. So, all 1997-batch officers became DIGs whereas the DIGs then awaiting promotion were made inspectors general (IGs). Similarly, IGs became additional directors general (ADGs) of police.But this time, promotions will be given as per vacancies, we hear. So, some officers of the 1998 batch who are not considered for promotion to DIG rank, will continue as SP,\" a 1998-batch IPS officer told TOI.It is learnt that the delay in convening the DPC meeting is partly due to a rift between IPS and IAS officers and partly because the Union government does not want the state government to award wholesale promotions.The state government has started taking this central government advice seriously. As an example, in the recent elevation of DIGs of the 1994 batch to the rank of IG some officers were left out as there were no vacancies.Five officers of the 1998 batch - R Bheema Naik, M Shiva Prasad, P Umapathi, A Ravi Chandra, A Sunder Kumar Das - found themselves having been ignored in last Friday's reshuffle.\"Till last year, even if there was no vacancy, ex-cadre posts used to be created to accommodate all officers of a particular batch,\" IPS officials pointed out.Other IPS officers of the 1998 batch include Mahesh Chandra Laddha, B Srinivasulu, Vikram Singh Mann, E Damodar, B Balakrishna, K Venugopal Rao, Malla Reddy, Abraham Lincoln , T Yoganand, K Venkateshwara Rao and T Murali Krishna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12697373", "title": "Lanka denies moving IAEA on N-plant in Kudankulam", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sri Lanka has refuted reports that it was approaching the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) against the Kudankulam nuclear plant.Reacting to a report in TOI, R L Wijayawardana, chairman of the Atomic Energy Authority (AEA) of Sri Lanka, said on Monday, \"Sri Lanka has not brought up the issue of the safety of Kudankulam nuclear power plant against India's voting at the 19th session of the UNHRC .\"The Lankan statement comes as a delegation of parliamentarians from different political parties, led by leader of opposition Sushma Swaraj, left for Sri Lanka on Monday to travel across the country and see the pace of development and interact with the people.The foreign ministry spokesperson said, \"The primary focus of the delegation will be in the areas recovering from 30 years conflict in the north and east of Sri Lanka where development assistance projects are being undertaken by the government of India.\"The delegation will interact with a cross section of civil society and in Colombo.Wijayawardana said IAEA had asked Sri Lanka to \"to explore the possibility of entering into an agreement with India for radiological emergency preparedness planning and management of radiological emergencies\". To that end, they had approached India for a bilateral agreement but there was no response. Wijayawardene was clear that Sri Lanka did not oppose the Kudankulam plant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12698053", "title": "Loco factories to be built under public-private partnership mode", "text": "PATNA: It is official now. Two locomotive factories proposed to be built at Marhaura (diesel) in Saran district and Madhepura (electric) in Bihar will now be built under public-private partnership (PPP) mode. Railway minister Mukul Roy made this clear recently during a meeting with the Railway Board officials.According to a Board official, there was no question of these major projects getting shelved. The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs had already approved them in 2007. \"It is good that the railways has taken a firm policy decision to go ahead with these two projects in Bihar,\" he said adding the railways would now shortlist bidders for these two factories through International Committee Bidding (ICB).According to sources, the railways has taken the decision as it would require about 1,800 to 2,000 electric locomotives to haul both passenger and goods trains by 2015-2016. Besides, the railways is announcing several pairs of new passenger trains across the country almost every year in the railway budget. These locomotive factories located at Madhepura and Marhaura in Bihar would fulfill the needs of the railways, sources said.\"If everything is finalized as per railway requirements, efforts will be made to complete these factories in about 36 months from the date of agreement with private firms,\" a Board official added.The railways has decided to set up the factory at Madhepura at an estimated cost of Rs 1,294 crore while the factory at Marhaura will be built at a cost of Rs 2,025 crore, sources said, adding the railways has already allocated some funds in the current fiscal for initial expenditure like acquiring land and construction of boundary walls.According to the Board official, these two factories are the need of the time. Since the work is in full swing on East and West freight corridors for free movement of goods traffic at a cost of Rs 50,000 crore, these two loco factories would cope with huge demand of locomotives, he said.At present, the railways has two locomotive factories located at Varanasi (diesel engine) and Chittraranjan (electric engine). The railways has taken steps to augment the current electric loco production capacity of the Chittraranjan Locomotive Works from 200 to 250 annually to fulfill the needs of the railways. However, the railways is very keen to start production at the two factories soon in Bihar, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12696997", "title": "Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy calls for better roads in Naxal zone", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy on Monday urged Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to expedite the sanctioning of Rs 2,400 crore for Andhra Pradesh to augment its road network in the Naxal-hit border districts.Addressing the meeting on internal security convened by the Centre here, Kiran Kumar said: \"To facilitate rapid movement of security forces on the inter-state borders, we have submitted a proposal to the government of India for developing a corridor of road network all along these districts starting from Srikakulam to Adilabad with an estimated cost of about Rs 2,400 crore.\"This proposal is pending approval of the central government. I request the Prime Minister to accord approval for the proposal.\"Similarly, our long-pending request for stationing of a troop-carrier helicopter at Visakhapatnam for facilitating swift air borne operations in Andhra-Orissa border may also be considered and approved immediately,\" Kiran Kumar said.The chief minister wanted the expenditure on counter-terrorism measures in the states to be brought under Security Related Expenditure (SRE) funds like in the case of Left-wing extremism.Deviating from the prepared speech, the CM said Andhra Pradesh has launched a massive recruitment drive recently for filling up 1.16 lakh government jobs.\"This has helped in diverting the student community and the youth from the agitational path and also raised hopes of the students and the youth about their future careers,\" he added.Eight districts of Andhra Pradesh situated on the inter-state borders with Orissa, Chattisgarh and Maharashtra have been included under the Integrated Action Plan (lAP), Kiran Kumar said, and thanked the Centre for acceding to the state's request.He then listed the various elite forces raised by the state to combat Left-wing terrorism.\"We have raised an elite force called Greyhounds which operates at the state level with comparable teams at the district level known as District Guards.\"These forces are trained in jungle operations to counter the guerilla tactics of the naxalites. A special wing named Special Intelligence Branch is also in place for collection of intelligence about Left wing extremists,\" he said.The state has also taken several steps for the socio-economic development of areas affected with Naxal activity, the CM added. Referring to the steps taken to check terrorism, Kiran Kumar said that apart from the 'National Security Guard (NSG)' hub at Hyderabad established by the Centre in July 2009, the state has constituted a specialized commando force named Octopus to respond to major terror strikes on the lines of NSG. On the issue of coastal security, the CM said six marine police stations sanctioned under Phase-I are already in place.\"We are in the process of setting up of 15 more marine police stations during Phase-II,\" he added.Kiran Kumar meets SoniaNEW DELHI: Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy had a brief meeting with Congress president Sonia Gandhi on Monday evening.The meeting assumed importance as he could not secure an appointment with the party president during his last visit to Delhi. This time, the CM is said to have planned for Sonia's appointment much in advance.Sources said Kiran Kumar entered 10 Janpath at around 5.30 pm and had a meeting with the party president for about 15 minutes. After meeting Sonia, Kiran rushed to the meeting of chief ministers of Naxal-affected states at Vigya Bhavan convened by home minister P Chidambaram.The CM is in New Delhi on a three-day tour to attend various meetings, including the chief ministers' conference on internal security.Party sources said Sonia was not happy with the state of affairs in the party and the cabinet in AP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12697599", "title": "Junior scale officers reshuffled", "text": "PANAJI: In a reshuffle of junior-scale officers of the Goa civil service , the government on Monday transferred the deputy collector and sub-divisional magistrate of Tiswadi, Agnelo Fernandes, as chief officer Curchorem-Cacora municipal council, thereby relieving Shivaji Dessai, chief officer Cuncolim municipal council of the additional charge.The deputy collector and SDM, Quepem, Rajendra Mirajkar, has been transferred as the special land acquisition officer for the national games. The deputy collector and DRO, South Goa, Margao, Sandhya Kamat, has been posted as deputy collector and SDM Quepem with additional charge of deputy collector and DRO, South Goa, Margao.The deputy collector and SDM Mormugao, Sabaji Shetye has been transferred as deputy collector and SDM Bardez (Mapusa). The deputy collector and SDM, Pernem, Ajit Panchwadkar, has been posted as under-secretary Goa state information commission with additional charge of deputy registrar of co-operative societies thereby relieving Meena Goltekar of the additional charge. Goltekar has been posted as deputy collector and SDM Pernem.The administrative officer, Hospicio Hospital, Margao, Pandarinath Naik has been transferred as deputy collector and SDM, Mormugao, with additional charge of administrative officer of Hospicio hospital, Margao. Deepali Naik, assistant commissioner of excise, will hold charge of post of deputy collector (land acquisition), South, Margao, in addition to her own duties, thereby relieving Sandhya Kamat, deputy collector and DRO, South of the additional charge. Mahesh Corjuenkar, deputy collector (Revenue), North, will hold charge of the post of deputy collector and SDM, Tiswadi, in addition to his own duties.Snehal Naik Goltekar, assistant commissioner of commercial taxes shall hold charge of the post of deputy director of Panchayats (North Goa), Panaji in addition to his own duties, thereby relieving Meena Naik Goltekar, under-secretary, Goa state information commission, of the additional charge.Biju Naik, assistant director (administration), industries, trade and commerce, shall hold charge of the post of additional director of municipal administration, in addition to her own duties thereby relieving Meena Naik Goltekar, under-secretary, Goa state information commission, of the additional charge.The director of art and culture, Prasad Lolayekar, shall also officiate as the officer on special duty to the chief minister in addition to his own duties with immediate effect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12701831", "title": "I'm choosy about my roles, says Sonu Sood", "text": "Actor Sonu Sood's will be next seen in Maximum and Shootout At Wadala, and both the films are based on real life stories. Ask the actor if it's a trend to make films on real life incidents these days and he says, \"I won't say it's a trend, but when you research about a real life incident and turn it into a film, it becomes very exciting, specially playing the characters which exist or are a part of history. Moreover, it's a great challenge and gives you a great high to do something you have heard and read about.That might be a reason why people are getting inclined towards making films based on real characters. So, how easy or difficult it is to portray real life characters than the characters that are imaginary? \"It's not at all easy because people have read about them, know them and met them. So you have to have an extra talent to play a role which people know about. There has to be a conviction in your portrayal and if it doesn't come out well, it's of no use. Thus, I read lot many books about characters I'm playing. Also I saw films on them and I'm sure people would somehow relate to them,\" Sonu says .We have seen Sonu doing more of serious roles. To this he says, \"I always hunt for scripts that excite me as an actor, whether it's on real life or an action packed one. As an actor, I accept scripts which are good. I did Dabangg because it excited me. I'm trying to choose the roles which are not very common and something that can entertainment people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12697221", "title": "Sector 14 has to make do with age-old sewerage lines", "text": "GURGAON: Residents of Sector 14, one of the oldest sectors in the city and known for its shopping complex where 18 banks and 50 companies have their offices besides housing the Haryana Urban Development Authority's offices, have to make do with decades-old sewerage pipelines and other civic issues like poor water supply and lack of maintenance of parks and streetlighting.The sector came into being in 1976 and had only 200 residents then.The area is now home to over 20,000 people who have to use pipelines that were laid when the sector was being constructed.Residents allege that in spite of complaining several times about blocked sewerage lines, poor streetlighting and bad quality roads to the authorities, they have done nothing other than giving assurances.Another problem dogging the area revolves around the amount that the Residents' Welfare Association (RWA) is being paid by HUDA for the maintainence of parks. The RWA feels that the amount for the maintainence of five parks in the area is very less.A member of the RWA said, \"We are paid only Rs 1.50 per square metre for the maintenance of parks. It is not sufficient to buy manure, pay the gardener and for other requirements.\"According to a senior official of HUDA, the sector does not have a problem of streetlighting and other issues are being resolved in a phased manner.\"The blocked sewerage line is certainly a big issue and we are working to get them rectified as soon as possible,\" the official said.Residents are hopeful that with the appointment of the new HUDA administrator in Gurgaon, the problems in the sectors would get sorted out and have therefore approached him with the persisting issues in their sectors. All they can do now is to wait and watch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12698052", "title": "Public Health and Engineering Department non-committal on quality of water", "text": "JAIPUR: Though the Public Health and Engineering Department is claiming that the 'yellow water' is safe for drinking, the health and medical department is yet to give its approval on the quality of the yellow water, which is being supplied to the city from Bisalpur.The medical, health and family welfare department collected samples from various parts of the city on Monday. It has sent the samples to the Jaipuria laboratory for testing its quality.Chief medical health officer (Jaipur I) O P Thankan said: \"I cannot say anything on the quality of water, whether it is safe for drinking or not before we get the report of test of water.\"The department collected 50-60 samples from various parts of the city. \"In the next two days, we will get the test report,\" he said.Besides, the medical department said that they have not found people falling ill due to consumption of water in large numbers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12700805", "title": "Flattened by soaring prices", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Despite the steep increase in the rate of interest of home loans, there is no dearth of buyers for flats in the city. A quick tour of a recently concluded property expo in the city revealed that almost 90% of the ongoing apartment projects within the city have already been sold off.Projects of leading builders at Vazhuthacaud, Vellayambalam, Sasthamangalam, PTP Nagar, Chakai, Pattoor, Pattom, Kuravankonam and Kowdiar were the most sought after, despite having a price tag ranging from Rs 60 lakh to Rs 1.25 crore (inclusive of parking lot and registration). Another strange aspect revealed by the pattern of booking is that the majority of premium apartments on sale in the city are grabbed by businessmen and NRKs.But the bitter truth exposed by the expo was that an average professional or an entrepreneur based in the city can never dream of owning a home in the old city limits.\"A housing loan of Rs 50 lakh means an average EMI of Rs 55,000 to 60,000, which is unaffordable for many. In my experience, the average amount a city resident avails as home loan is Rs 22-25 lakh,\" said P R Ramachandran Nair, chief manager (marketing), SBT. He also testified that the high end customers were from among NRIs and businessmen.The burden of EMI pushes the city residents, who earn anything between Rs 15,000 and 60,000 per month, to outer city where a host of projects are coming up at a lesser cost. But, connectivity and inadequacy of basic infrastructure remains as a big issue with regard to the projects coming up at places like Mukkolakkal, Menamkulam, Chavadimukku and Manjadimukku.The Akkulam-Kazhakootam-Kattaikonam corridor, close to Technopark, is an area of high interest for the builders. At least 12 projects are coming up in the area, but most options seem to be in the of Rs 40 lakh - Rs 1 crore price range (all inclusive) and thus out of bounds for the average techie or manager in the lower or mid-level. An employee who works as a manager in an insurance company in Technopark said, \"Being a Malayali brought up in Mumbai, I was delighted to take up the offer in Thiruvananthapuram, as this gave me an opportunity to buy a place here and settle down in Kerala with my family. I was under the impression that flats were more affordable here compared to Mumbai. However, I haven't been able to find a place that suits my budget of Rs 25- 30 lakh near the campus.\"Atul Menon, another employee said his loan eligibility just does not cut it. \"My banker informed me last week that I am eligible for Rs 18 lakh loan as my take-home salary is below Rs 45,000, that too because I have no other loan commitments. However, my elder brother who is also employed at the Park for the past three years as a senior manager has a take-home salary of Rs 60,000 and he has Rs 7,000 riding as EMI on a car loan, and a public sector bank appraised his eligibility at Rs 27 lakh. But, there is nothing available in that bracket at Kazhakootam,\" he said.Data from banks and builders show that only employees with a take home salary of Rs 70,000 a month (without any other loan commitments) can truly afford a low-end housing option near Technopark. To earn this, a techie needs to have around 15 years' service and hence. In other words, the average age of a first time home owner will be 37 years. Too old to own a home?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12702892", "title": "GV Prakash to marry Saindhavi", "text": "GV Prakash will wed his lady love Saindhavi next January.The ace music director has said that their respective families are looking for a suitable date for the wedding next January and once the date is finalized it will be announced formally.GV Prakash and Saindhavi have known each other since their school days and they announced their love to the world last year. Since then, expectations were rife about their wedding. GV Prakash said that since he is busy with Tamil, Telugu and Hindi films, the wedding could not take place immediately.He is the nephew of Oscar winner AR Rahman and his mother is also a music director, it may be mentioned here.Source: www.cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12698119", "title": "Ellisbridge may go Hope Bridge way", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With a heavy heart , the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) is considering pulling down Ellisbridge, the unique 120-year-old structure and part of the city's rich heritage. After expert advice from Dar Consultants, which designed Mumbai's Sealink, officials have concluded the bridge is unsafe as its foundations have corroded.What remains undecided, however, is whether the bridge in its present form will totally disappear or its arches will be preserved and restored atop the replacement bridge. After all, the arches give Ahmedabad a unique identity.History is woven into the cast iron and steel structure of the Ellisbridge. Some 50,000 Amdavadis had climbed atop the arches to hear Mahatma Gandhi declaring his Dandi Yatra and Salt Satyagraha on March 8, 1930.\"The cost of restoring Ellisbridge will decide its fate given that it is taxpayer's money,\" says municipal commissioner Guruprasad Mohapatra. \"Dar Consultants have submitted their report with some alternatives and we are evaluating them. Personally, I would have loved to save the bridge, but the demolition of Hope Bridge in Surat has raised questions over survival of Ellisbridge.\"Gujarat high court's verdict earlier this year had paved the way for demolition of the 134-year-old Hope Bridge after a PIL had sought the bridge's preservation as heritage.Dar Consultants have suggested that cost will escalate several times if each component is taken apart and strengthened individually. The second option involves replacing the corroded iron piers with concrete ones and covering them with parts of the original bridge. The arches can be reinstalled on to the new bridge and can be used as an independent corridor for the Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS).\"The third option is replacing Ellisbridge with a new concrete bridge built with the latest engineering technology,\" said a senior AMC official. P 2Times ViewThe 120-year-old Ellisbridge is part of the skyline of a city which values its rich heritage. At a time when Ahmedabad is vying to become India's first Unesco World Heritage City, this British structure should not just vanish. Even if the bridge needs to be dismantled for public safety, the arches should be preserved and mounted atop the new structure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "pratap singh wala", "code": "12701255", "title": "When voices merge with the divine", "text": "PRATAP SINGH WALA: When divinity meets mortality, it produces the honey-dipped melody of Sufiana Kalam. Giving voice to such sublime renditions is the musical duo of Sufi maestro Dev Dildar and his 14-year-old son, Chetan Dildar.Reminiscing about the time when he decided to turn his passion into his occupation, Dev says, \"I was born in Jammu and Kashmir and it was in school that I discovered my love for music. Our teacher would ask us to sing and that experience has stayed with me. Later, I did my masters in music.\"Having bagged a gold medal at the cultural academy in J&K; for his musical prowess, Dev has performed in Pakistan, Canada, US, Dubai and most of Europe. \"Even though I have performed in a lot of places around the globe, a few moments would always remain close to my heart. I had the privilege to meet Ustad Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan Sahib in Dubai and sang his composition in front of him,\" he recollects. But nothing could compare to the moment when he realized that his son was following in his footsteps, says the Sufi maestro. \"Sometimes when I enter the studio, I see him doing \"riyaz\" and when I come back after three hours, I see him sitting in the same position. I feel overwhelmed when I see him like that,\" he reveals.At the age of 12, when homework and cartoons are the main things on a child's mind, Chetan was deep into music. At 12, he composed and released two albums and is currently working on two projects that he plans to release later this year. \"I have seen my father go through thick and thin but he has worked really hard to achieve what he has today. Music runs in our blood and even my elder brother is a music director in Mumbai,\" shares Chetan, while adding that his father's 30 years in the field have helped him learn a great deal.About Sufi music, Dev says that singing in this genre is a way of communion with God. \"It is the purest form of music. I feel fulfilled when I perform and even when I am doing \"riyaz\", I feel blessed,\" he says.Dev says that he connects with divinity by lending his voice to the writings of Sufi saints and poets like Kabir, Sheikh Farid, Ustad Bulleh Shah and Waris Shah.Chetan, who says that his father points out even the minutest of his mistakes,considers it a great deal of responsibility to continue traditional tunes. \"My father has given me equipment worth Rs 25 lakh so that I create something substantial and I am making sure that he is satisfied with my work,\" says Chetan, who also loves to experiment with different raags on his rebab.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12698304", "title": "Preventive action taken against 246 criminals", "text": "PUNE: The crime branch took preventive action against 246 criminals on police record in different parts of the city on Sunday.DCP (crime) Rajesh Bansode said, \"Twenty-four were detained in Warje, 32 in Bhosari, 18 in Bharati Vidyapeeth police station limits, 21 in Nigdi and 28 in Chatushrungi. Records of several criminals were checked before taking the action,\" Bansode said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "12698463", "title": "Swaminathan lauds execution of Kuttanad package", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Agricultural scientist Dr M S Swaminathan , who designed the Rs 1,840-crore Kuttanad package, said he was completely satisfied with the way the package was being executed. The package focuses on the preservation and restoration of Kuttanad's ecology.Swaminathan was speaking at a review meeting of the Kuttanad package at the collectorate conference hall here on Monday. He is the chairman of the MS Swaminathan Research Foundation.\"The package was formulated giving importance to restoring the eco-system of Kuttanad. It will also ensure sustainable livelihood for the people in Kuttanad and augment paddy production in the region,\" the eminent scientist said.\"There is nothing wrong in constructing outer bunds using concrete piles and slabs at Rani and Chithira 'kayal' paddy fields. It that is not done, these 'kayal' paddy fields will become part of the sea,\" Swaminathan said.He said 7.5-metre piles would be erected for constructing the outer bund to increase its strength. They used to be only 6.3 metres deep till now.For the development of Onattukara region, Rs 379-cr worth projects have been earmarked. Under the package, 12 wetlands and 12 canals will be preserved.Water resource minister P J Joseph, who presided over the meeting, said P Biju has been appointed the new project director of Kuttatand package. He said certain problems faced by the contractors carrying out the works under the package would be addressed soon. The minister also instructed district collector V Ratheesan to take steps for the smooth conduct of the works under the package.\"The modernization of Thanneermukkom bund and Thottappally spillway and the widening of the Alappuzha-Changanassery canal are the major solutions for saving water-locked Kuttanad from flooding. These works will be undertaken soon,\" the minister said.Water resources principal secretary V J Kurian, collector V Ratheesan, district panchayat president U Pratibha Hari, legislators Thomas Chandy, C K Sadasivan, A M Arif and R Rajesh, foundation advisor S Bala Ravi and chief engineer P Anilkumar also spoke on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12697727", "title": "Kin thrash husband after woman's death", "text": "NAGPUR: Aggrieved relatives of a deceased woman assaulted her husband outside the mortuary of Government medical college and hospital on Monday. The cops from the Ajni police station had to rush to rescue Dilip Sontakke who was being thrashed by the relative's of his deceased wife Sushma who was declared dead at the hospital earlier in the day.The woman, mother of three daughters and son, had consumed poison at their residence at Sonapar in Saoner tehsil on April 10 last week. It was learnt that Dilip, who worked as a painter, used to harass his wife on a regular basis. He was also learnt to be an alcoholic and doubted wife's moral character. Dilip would pick up fight with wife on trivial issues.Sushma's relatives, aware of Dilip's continuous mental torture to his wife, started expressing their wrath in the hospital premises. Apparently Dilip would at many times not allow Sushma meet her family members. On the contrary, Dilip would often abuse Sushma's family members.Sushma's shattered kin started thrashing Dilip but he was rescued after some of the family members intervened. Even some of the women started thrashing Dilip with shoes. The cops had to be summoned to save the man. Saoner police station registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12697570", "title": "Longest absence of local bodies in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Supreme Court decision to grant additional 45 days to UP government on Monday to complete formalities for the local bodies elections has paved way for the longest spell of absence of local governance in the state. The extension has pushed local bodies elections till June end. This also means that there would be no local representation in municipal bodies for about five months.Ideally, the elections should have been held six months before the term of local bodies was to expire. The term of mayors and panchayat chairmen ended between December 2010 and February 2011.The delay in holding elections lends credence to the arguments of political analysts who say local bodies are last on the priority list of the state government. They also add that mayors and corporators are increasingly getting reduced to mere rubber stamps.Take the case of Lucknow Municipal Corporation (LMC). Owing to delay in elections, administrator (otherwise a municipal commissioner in the presence of a mayor) has been made the in charge of the corporation since February 23 this year.In fact, the post of administrator, which was abolished in July 1989 (the last administrator in LMC was Brihaspati Sharma), has been re-created and will exist till the city gets new mayor, probably by June end.Corporators claim that the civic situation is in a mess in the absence of local representation. \"We know the nook and corner of the wards. We are accountable to people who will for vote us,'' said corporator Yavar Hussain.Corporators also had the privilege to get works done in their wards at an annual estimate of around Rs 30 lakh. \"All that has stopped,'' said a corporator. In fact, all grants provided to corporators were stopped on November 14, 2011, when the five year tenure of mayor was considered completed. Corporators though went to the Supreme Court but that was too late in the day. From December 23, the model code of conduct for elections came into effect. Since then powers of mayor and corporators ceased to exist.Sources said the urban development department wants to review the issue pertaining to reservation of wards. Sources said during Mayawati government, the rotational system of reservation of wards had paved way for a situation when general wards became reserved for the SC and SC wards became reserved for the general. The system, the newly elected government thinks, was placed in a way to benefit only the SC. That now needs a review.The Allahabad high court had taken a strong exception of the delay in local bodies' poll in October last year when a bench of Justice Amitava Lala and Justice V K Mathur had directed the state government to issue a notification by October 31 for holding local bodies elections as per Census 2011.The court had cited the constitutional obligation of holding local bodies' elections within six months before the term comes to an end. If a municipality is dissolved before expiry of its term, elections should be held within six months of its dissolution.Going by the census directorate projections, the data may not be available to the state before March 2013. This leaves the state government with one option - to hold municipal elections as per Census 2001 data.The state government on December 2 again told the Lucknow bench of Allahabad high court that it will conduct elections for urban local bodies within two months. Additional advocate general Jaideep Narain Mathur had then submitted an undertaking in this regard before the bench of Justice Devi Prasad Singh and Justice SC Chaurasia hearing four petitions challenging the process of appointing administrators in urban local bodies.Mathur had told the court that government will wait for a week to receive the Census 2011 data failing which notification will be issued after completing reservation process on the basis of data of Census 2001 and elections will be conducted within two months.The delay in local bodies' elections also kicked up another crisis with the UP Mayor Council crying foul over the intentions of the state government vis-a-vis municipal bodies. The council has been arguing of the state government giving an affidavit to the Centre in 2008 telling it that the 74th amendment will come into force by 2011. And as per the amendment, the state government cannot impose administrator rule in the municipalities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12697621", "title": "Chief minister seeks 5,000 crore from Centre for police housing", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Monday demanded increase in financial contribution from the Centre for the forthcoming 2013 Maha Kumbh and sought active participation of the other states in terms of intelligence exchange and special arrangements for smooth flow of an estimated 10 million devotees set to attend the event from all over the world. Speaking at the chief ministers' conference on internal security in Delhi, the CM laid special emphasis on state-specific challenges which come as an added responsibility on the UP police as compared to the other states. He also sought Rs 5,000 crore for providing proepr housing facilities to police personnelYadav said that the size and population of the state required an extra-ordinarily large police force which in turn increases the overall requirement of the security agencies.\"Being a large state, we will have to maintain a larger police force to meet the national average of policemen per population as compared to any other state. The Samajwadi Party is committed to ensure an accountable government in Uttar Pradesh and do everything it takes to contain crime and boost development in the state but in a very transparent manner,\" Yadav said.This was perhaps the first time in the past five years that UP's chief minister was representing the state in this annual meeting on internal security which is organized by the ministry of home affairs and presided over by the prime minister. During the previous regime, the then chief minister Mayawati stayed away from all such meetings leaving the state to be represented by the director general of police (DGP) and the principal secretary, home.Stressing the need for improving the service conditions of the police forces in order to improve the efficiency of the force, the UP CM sought additional allocation of Rs 5,000 crore for police housing over the next five years. He suggested that at least 10% the total budget for internal security (Rs 8,000 crore) must be compulsorily spent on modernization of the police force. Akhilesh also sought megacity police status for Gautum Budh Nagar and Ghaziabad districts which fall in the national capital region.Dwelling on the increasing need for forensic science in crime investigation, Yadav sought Rs 750 crore grant for the upgradation of the Forensic Lab in the state capital and strengthening the cyber crime cell by providing the state-of-the-art gadgetry and proper training to the policemen associated with the cell.\"Due to effective and extensive patrolling on the Indo-Pak and Indo Bangladesh borders by the Central forces, the UP-Nepal border is facing increased challenges of checking cross-border infiltration through Nepal. The need of the hour is more integrated check posts dotting the no-man's land and laying of roads along the border for proper and effective patrolling,\" he said. He also sought an increase in allocation of non-lethal weapon for the police for crowd control situations. He also suggested some targeted changes in the procurement process of these weapons which was presently a cumbersome and time consuming one.Pointing out that the rapidly rising back log of criminal cases pending in courts leave an adverse impact on the policing and crime control, he suggested that the centre should re-constitute fast-track courts for speedy disposal of the pending cases.Acknowledging the importance of proper interaction between the states and the centre to handle issues like internal security, the chief minister said that the state government was committed to do whatever it took to handle the menace of crime and terrorism. He said the anti-terrorist squad of the state police was being equipped with better infrastructure in order to optimize its efficiency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12696573", "title": "Water crisis: Tigers travel miles to quench thirst", "text": "HYDERABAD: It's not denizens alone who seem to be reeling under a severe water crisis this summer. Even animals in the state's largest tiger belt, the Nagarjunasagar-Srisailam Tiger Reserve (NSTR), are hit by the shortage with only a handful of manually filled 'saucer pits' to quench their thirst. The smaller lakes in the tiger reserve, with a tiger population estimated between 52 and 67, have dried up. Experts note that the tigers usually travel the 25 km distance to reach Krishna river in search of water and could be doing the same now.While the shortage of water seems to be most severe this time around, experts note that the NSTR belt has always been a parched region. Tigers in the belt, they say, are often forced to travel to the Krishna to quench their thirst. \"This belt, which is a plateau, is known for water crises. The poor monsoon has aggravated the situation this time,\" said R K Rao, a former forest officer who has worked extensively in this area during his tenure.The area received just about 70 mm rainfall last monsoon as against the average rainfall of 650 mm it records every year. Adding to the woes of the animals is the rising mercury level that has dried up half a dozen small lakes and streams dotting the reserve forest. Tribals manually fill the handful of 'saucer pits' every alternate day. But that isn't enough considering the large cattle population in the area. \"These saucer pits are often emptied by cattle grazing there. Water is barely left for the wild animals,\" said Farida Tamal, state director of World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF-India) that has now joined hands with the AP forest department to set up solar pumps in this belt. The pumps, Tampal explains, will help fill percolation pits within the forest area and thereby restrict the movement of tigers apart from addressing the water shortage. The pumps are expected to be installed over the next few weeks.Experts stress on the need to address the problem soon as they fear that the shortage might compel tigers to venture into dangerous terrain, increasing the number of man-animal conflicts. \"When there is no water available in the vicinity, animals tend to cross the forest limits to reach water bodies or other sources of water (like a hand pump or borewell) located close to habitations. This is perilous,\" Tampal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12702415", "title": "CAG report tabled in Maharashtra assembly", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra government on Tuesday tabled the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) report, which allegedly indicts senior politicians from the state, in the legislative assembly amidst demand for a probe by PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal into its \"leak\".Making a personal clarification after the report was tabled by deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, Bhujbal described the leak as a \"conspiracy to malign individuals\" and sought a probe, saying excerpts of the report that found way into the media differ from the one seen by the Cabinet.He also questioned the authority of the federal auditor to question government's policy decisions.Bhujbal is learnt to have been indicted by the CAG in this report.As per the leaked excerpts, a 91,300 square metre plot in Govardhan Taluka in Nashik district worth crores of rupees was allotted to the Mumbai Education Trust (MET) after changing the purpose of reservation from mining activity to educational purpose at occupancy price of a meagre Rs 9.08 lakh. The land was allegedly transferred to MET by the PWD, a department headed by Chhagan Bhujbal.Bhujbal told the assembly that the Mumbai Education Trust (MET) had applied for the land in Nashik in year 2000 when he was not the PWD minister.\"The land was allotted in 2003 by the revenue department as per government norms meant for land allotment for educational institutions,\" he said.Since 1975, as many as 3,160 institutions have been allotted land for educational purpose and even late BJP leader Hashu Advani was assigned the land for his educational institution under the same norms, Bhujbal said.Leader of opposition Eknath Khadse objected to the clarification, saying it was not needed since no allegations were made against Bhujbal on the floor of House in this regard.He said the opposition was yet to get a copy of the CAG report.However, Speaker Dilip Walse Patil said any member or minister can give clarification on the basis of allegations levelled outside the House.Meanwhile, noisy scenes were witnessed in the assembly when revenue minister Balasaheb Thorat and industries minister Narayan Rane rose to make clarifications on the report.Speaker adjourned the House for 15 minutes and later for half an hour as the opposition objected to the clarifications given by the ministers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "bharuch", "code": "12699782", "title": "Two more Kalbelia gang members held", "text": "BHARUCH: Two more members of the Kalbelia gang, involved in many dacoities on the highways of Gujarat and Rajasthan, were arrested on Monday and produced in a local court, which remanded them to police custody for five days. Ankleshwar city police had arrested two members from the same gang last week.The gang members are from Rajasthan and belong to the community of professional dancers famous world over for the dance form Kalbelia.One of the gang members told police during his interrogation that, \"I and my family were working as Kalbelia dancers. However, police held me as a suspect in a loot case. This changed our lives. We started to work as 'madaris' on roads but failed to earn enough to feed ourselves. The circumstances forced us to start looting people on the highways.\"Kalbelias were introduced as vagabonds in the 1871 Criminal Tribes Act. Around 150 tribes were forced to register with police and forbidden from moving around freely and herded into barbed-wire camps. This act was scrapped after India won Independence and these tribes were \"de-notified\" in 1952.Investigation officer A M Parmar said, \"The gang members are strong and hardworking. If they are helped to join mainstream, they will certainly do well.\"Bipin Ahire, an IPS officer from Bharuch, who has been involved in busting many highway gangs, said, \"In many states these tribes are joining the mainstream. Members of some of the tribes have even become IPS and IAS officers. There is urgent need to help Kalbelias.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12697543", "title": "Kalraj slams Samajawadi Party government for giving 'undue favours' to Muslim community", "text": "LUCKNOW: BJP MLA from Lucknow East Kalraj Misra hit out at the state government for \"showing undue favors to a particular community to the detriment of others\".Speaking at the welcome ceremony of the newly appointed state BJP president Laxmi Kant Bajpai on Monday, Mishra said the bias has become quite obvious now as all plum postings, right from the chief secretary, additional advocate general to law secretary, have gone to this community\".The state government, Mishra said, has also discriminated by announcing Rs 30,000 crore aid to Muslim girls who passout class 10. Why should poor girls from other communities be left out, he asked. Measures like releasing the accused of terror blast in Varanasi and Faizabad courts, he said, was fraught with much risk and must not be carried out.If the SP regime insisted upon this blatant path of appeasement the state will face a major flare up, Mishra warned. BJP, he said, will not tolerate dual policy &amp; launch a statewide protest soon. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12697998", "title": "Government departments want younger bureaucrats", "text": "NAGPUR: Government departments want new bureaucrats to be young, unmarried and preferably without job experience to infuse young blood into the system. Those involved in training the babus feel that candidates with prior job experience are often hard to mould while the married have their own problems.The Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) recently convened a meeting and sought suggestions to change the pattern for civil services examinations. Heads of various bureaucrat training academies wanted a cut in the age limit for entering the country's premier government services. There were also suggestions to prefer candidates without prior job experience, especially in government sector, as well as unmarried persons, although they agreed that there could be no official bar on it.The meeting was also attended by director general (DG) of city-based National Academy of Direct Taxes (NADT), which trains Indian Revenue Service (IRS) officers who join income tax department through civil services examination. Representatives from National Police Academy, Hyderabad, and Lal Bahadur National Academy of Administration, which trains IAS officers, attended the meeting on April 10.The general suggestion was to reduce the age of candidates entering the civil services. An upper age limit of 26 was thought to be enough, as people do not take up employment before that age, said NADT DG DS Saxena who was present in meeting.The idea is to ensure that it is the first job for all those entering the civil services, as such candidates can be more enthusiastic and disciplined. The current upper age limit is 30 years, and higher for reserved category. At present, majority of those joining the service have already worked somewhere earlier. They often tend to have an attitudinal problem, which hampers their training. Freshers are easy to mould, said Saxena, adding that the NADT too was of similar opinion.The gathering also mooted reduction of the time lag for clearing the civil services exam. The current period is over a year, which often deprives many brilliant but economically backward candidates from taking the exam. Now, after advertisements inviting applications are published in January or February, prelims are conducted in May-June, followed by mains in November and finally the interview by April.It is easy to evaluate prelim papers, in which questions are of objective nature, but valuating papers for mains is time consuming. So if mains papers have a considerable section of objective questions, unlike a totally descriptive format now, the evaluation can be faster, said Saxena, citing a suggestion.This will reduce the gap between two examinations. So, with reduced age limit on one hand and quicker results, candidates will have to take exams at shorter intervals. This is also expected to help filter out candidates who otherwise may not have the natural ability but crack tests due to repeated attempts.Another key suggestion was to increase time slot for interview to at least an hour-and-a-half from 25 minutes at present, as it may help in judging the person's character properly, said Saxena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "12700725", "title": "Emphasis on Centre's schemes: Yashwant Sinha", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Several important decisions were taken at the district vigilance and monitoring committee meeting held here on Monday, which was presided over by Hazaribag MP Yashwant Sinha .Briefing the newsmen about the decisions taken, Sinha said major emphasis was put on the centrally-sponsored schemes like MGNREGA, PMGSY, Indira Awas Yojna and the National Rural Health Mission programme. It was decided that all villages with population under 250 will be connected through the PMGSY scheme to provide them better road link. The officers of the concerned department were advised to prepare the list of such villages and submit the list to the deputy commissioner for the early implementation of the scheme. All members and MLAs expressed their displeasure over the non-completion of large number of wells under MGNREGA. It was decided that digging of all the wells would be completed by May 31.About the implementation of the NRHM programme in the district, reports of doctors abstaining from duty at the newly-created Chalkusha Block Public Health Centre were taken up for discussion. Instructions were issued to lodge FIRs against doctors who are not reporting for duty at their place of posting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12700707", "title": "Students protest against teacher appointment", "text": "RANCHI: Members of the Jharkhand Students' Union (JSU) protested against the irregularities in the appointment of class 12 teachers, for which examination was held on May 29, 2011 and results were declared of March 24 2012. The union members gheraoed the office of the human resource development department as part of their protest on Monday.Union president S Ali said, \"At least 50% of the seats were reserved for the teachers of secondary school which is against the rules of recruitment. According to the rule, only 25% of the seats were to be reserved for the secondary school teachers with five years of experience.\" He further added, \"The secondary school teachers who have been appointed for the post have not even completed two years and some got their appointment letters six months ago.\"The JSU members demanded cancellation of the examination results and re-examination for the posts. Another demand of JSU was to announce the proper syllabus for the examinations for appointments in the newly upgraded schools which is to be held on May 23. Ali said, \"All that is known is that the questions will be of graduation level but it is not known as which university's syllabus will be followed. HRD should announce the syllabus immediately.\"Appointment of 4,401 Urdu teachers and 13,810 assistant teachers at primary level, which has been pending for years, was also demanded by the JSU. The members met , HRD chief secretary B K Tripathy, who said \"If the appointments for class 12 teachers are irregular then the results will be cancelled.\" tnnTripathy also said, the syllabus of examination for appointment of teachers of secondary schools will be declared soon. The rules for appointment of Urdu teachers and assistant teachers have been decided and the examinations will be held soon, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12698241", "title": "Probe indicts jail officials for releasing undertrial", "text": "BANGALORE: An inquiry into the alleged illegal release of the country's most wanted criminal without any court documents in the last week of December, 2011 revealed that jail authorities had committed gross 'dereliction of duty'.The issue came to light when RTI activist AR Ashok Kumar Adiga from Basaveshwaranagar suspected foul play and sought details on the release of SM Masood, son of Syed Mohammed Jamdar of Mumbai on December 27, 2011.The state government inquiry by deputy inspector general of police (prisons) S Ravi looked into alleged deviations of norms from the prisons manual by Parappana Agrahara jail authorities. The report indicted chief jail superintendent TH Lakshminarayana and assistant superintendent Dr Anitha for dereliction of duty and not following the manual relating to release of prisoners and undertrail, sources in the prisons ministry said.In his complaint, Adiga stated that as per the records available with him, undertrial prisoner No 5782 lodged at Parappana Agrahara jail was released not on the basis of any court bail but a letter from a lawyer in Chennai identified as F Arif Nawaz of Pantheon Road written on Decembeer 26, 2011. The lawyer handed over this letter to Lakshminarayana and Dr Anitha.\"Masood was wanted in cases registered in Mumbai, Delhi and Jaipur and is reportedly a habitual offender under Conservation of Foreign Exchange and Prevention of Smuggling Activities Act (COFEPOSA) of 1974 and there are over 50 cases of cheque bounce and conspiracy and cheating pending against him across the country. He is wanted in Mumbai and the Mumbai court had asked prison authorities to hand him over to them and not to let him go free,\" Adiga's complaint stated.The Chennai lawyer stated that Masood can be released from Parappana Agrahara jail as he is not wanted by any other court in Mumbai, Delhi or Jaipur. However, jail authorities received eight summons from courts in Delhi to produce him before Delhi court on March 1, 2012. Surprisingly, the lawyer did not produce the bail bonds or court order directing prison authorities to release Masood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12700472", "title": "2-day Maoist bandh peaceful", "text": "RANCHI: The Maoist bandh called to raise procurement price of kendu leaves - used to make beedi - affected life in rural areas of the state, especially in bordering areas of West Bengal, Odisha and Chhattisgarh.The rebels had called a two-day bandh that ended at Monday midnight in three states. Last year also the rebels had pasted posters following which the villagers had earned good returns on their produce.All shops and business establishments in rural areas of East and West Singhbhum, Ranchi, Lohardaga, Gumla and Simdega remained closed during the day and no transporter dared to ply his vehicle fearing backlash by the rebels. The transporters are afraid because last week rebels had set ablaze two passenger jeeps in Khunti for violation of bandh called last month.Transportation of minerals, including iron ore, bauxite and coal, was also hit in most places due to non-availability of trucks and dumpers. The state government had reduced entry tax on kendu leaf and beedi from 5% to 1%. However, the demand for hike in minimum support price was ignored.Police sources said the Maoists even forced bank and insurance employees to skip office during the day. \"The fear was such that no one tried to violate the bandh call and land in trouble later,\" said a source, adding that the reason for success of the bandh is rebels extending support to cause of poor people. \"Usually, poor people are associated with collection and sale of kendu leaves. Anyone who violated the bandh would have hurt the sentiment of people involved in the business,\" said the source.Jharkhand police spokesman IG R K Mallik termed the bandh \"peaceful\" as no untoward incident was reported in any part of the state. \"The bandh was called only to gain sympathy of people associated with the business. We feel that main beneficiary of hike in price of kendu leaves will be big businessmen who purchase from villagers and sell it to beedi factories,\" said Mallik.The bandh did not affect life in urban centres of the state. All business establishments and offices functioned normally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12698301", "title": "Mane's plea to be shifted to hospital rejected", "text": "PUNE: A magisterial court on Monday rejected bus driver Santosh Mane's plea that he be shifted to the regional mental hospital here. In his order, judicial magistrate first class A G Santani observed that there was no material on record to show that Mane was of unsound mind.The court also rejected Mane's plea that a summons be issued to Solapur-based psychiatrist Dilip Burte to record his evidence and decide on Mane's mental status and detention.On January 25, Mane had hijacked a state transport bus from the Swargate stand and had driven it for 14 km around the city on a manic spree that left nine people dead and 31 injured.Santani's order states that Mane was in the service of the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) since 1999, but there was no grievance of mental illness reported till the unfortunate incident took place.He said an inquiry had been carried out previously by his predecessor, judicial magistrate first class Umeshchandra More, to find out if Mane was mentally stable or not. After receiving the opinion of the mental hospital, Mane had been remanded to magisterial custody and sent to Yerawada central jail.The court order says that sending Mane to magisterial custody itself manifests that there was no reason for his predecessor to believe that he was of an unsound mind.On the plea of summoning Burte, Santani held that there was no need to conduct further inquiry to determine whether Mane suffered from a mental illness or not.The magistrate ruled that section 24 of the Mental Health Act, 1987 (pertaining to procedure on production of a mentally ill person) would not come into the picture as there was nothing on record to justify Mane's plea.Mane's lawyer Mahesh Agarwal had pleaded that his client be sent to a mental hospital for further medical treatment as Yerawada jail lacked facilities to provide treatment for mental disorders.Agarwal contended that Burte was aware of Mane's mental status as he had physically examined him, had conducted laboratory investigations and had given a provisional diagnosis. Burte would be able to recommend further medical treatment, as well as help the court arrive as a conclusion as to whether Mane needed to be treated by a psychiatrist and whether he needed to be hospitalised, the plea stated.Asking that the plea be rejected, assistant public prosecutor A K Pacharne relied on the mental hospital's February 6 report which stated, \"Mane was kept under observation between January 28 and February 6, 2012. Based on the serial mental status examinations conducted by a panel of psychiatrists, facts communicated by the ward staff and psychometric evaluation, in our opinion, findings are not sufficient to diagnose a major psychiatric illness at present\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12696132", "title": "Pakistanis ask who'll foot Zardari's $1m Ajmer grant?", "text": "ISLAMABAD: More than a week after Pakistan president Asif Ali Zardari landed in Ajmer and declared a $1mn donation to the shrine of Khwaja Moinuddin Chisti, there is no clarity about where is the money is coming from: his personal wealth or the state's coffers.Asked about the donation, Pakistan's foreign office threw the ball in Zardari's court saying, \"Only the president can say who will pay the announced amount.\" On the other hand Farhatullah Babar , the president's spokesman, evaded all questions regarding the donation.Independent observers have ruled out the possibility of the promised amount coming from the president's own pocket. \"The president has huge discretionary funds at his disposal and the money to the Ajmer shrine will certainly go from his official coffers,\" said Faisur Rehman, a political analyst.Zardari's visit became controversial, coming as it was on a day an avalanche crushed a Pakistan army camp in Siachen, burying alive 127 soldiers and 11 civilians in the Gyari sector. The president's critics and right-wing parties blamed him for showing appalling insensitivity to the Gyari tragedy and opting to go on a private visit to India.\"Zardari contented himself with issuing a routine statement, of the sort that would be made if a natural calamity were to hit a remote Pacific island,\" said Arshad Hussain, a fellow with a think tank. Dargah committee members were quoted saying said the shrine was yet to receive the money - as well as the directions to use it - from the Pakistan high commission in New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12697703", "title": "Fourth front an evergreen mirage: Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress seemed unperturbed with the rallying of non-Congress chief ministers on the anti-federal plank, including NCTC issue, with the ruling party calling the talks of a fourth front \"an evergreen mirage of national politics\".\"If someone wants to run behind this (mirage) it is not our problem, it is their problem\" AICC spokesman Manish Tewari said on Monday.He added, \"If you are referring to the fourth front, which is a subject of quite a few analyses, I want to respectfully say that it is an evergreen mirage of Indian politics.\"Tewari's comment came even as speculation is rife that powerful opposition CMs including J Jayalalithaa, Naveen Patnaik and Narendra Modi were forming an anti-Congress front.The party was not too anxious as it views the anti-federal slogan raised by non-Congress CMs as less vociferous than similar protests in the past which led to setting up of Sarkaria Commission and Punchi Commission to review Centre-state relations.A senior party leader said the rallying of non-Congress forces was not a matter of concern as such political activity had been going on for long.While opposition CMs were up in arms, accusing the Centre of usurping states' rights, Congress pushed for unity of all political parties on issue national security to fight terror.\"Congress appeals to all political parties that the issue of national security should not become an instrument which divides us,\" Tewari said, adding that there was a need of holistic, collective and cohesive response.Tewari added that there was a need for coordination and cooperation between Centre and states to provide seamless response to forces of terror as India lived in a difficult neighbourhood. He warned about recent terror activities in neighbouring Afghanistan and Pakistan.The party appealed to political parties not to use national security as a political instrument to divide the country. \"Internal security should not be made an issue of allegations and counter-allegations,\" Tewari said, adding that if any state had any specific issue which needed Centre's attention, it could be discussed with the home minister.But the party could not stop itself from attacking Gujarat CM Narendra Modi who is at the forefront of the anti-federal protest. Targeting Modi who is opposing the amendment in the BSF Act, Tewari said, \"If my information is not wrong, there is 27% vacancy in police force in the BJP ruled state.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12698160", "title": "Family seeks body of woman who died in Saudi Arabia", "text": "TRICHY: The family of a Kumbakonam woman, who went to work in Saudi Arabia as a maid and allegedly died under mysterious circumstances in March, is yet to get her body. Numerous appeals to the government have failed to elicit a response, highlighting the plight of most Indian workers caught in similar situations in the Gulf.S Sudha (37) of Thirunaraiyur, Kumbakonam in Thanjavur district went to work in the house of Hamed Fahad Al Dawsory in Riyadh on February 2 through a travel agent Hasbullah and Abdul Sukkar of Trichy.On March 19 her husband S Selvaraj (49) received a call from Riyadh from an unknown person informing him of her death, traumatizing their two children S Surya (12) and S Abinaya (11). When Selvaraj contacted Hasbullah over the phone, he confirmed the same but did not reveal the details.Selvaraj lodged a complaint at the Nachiar Kovil police station in Thanjavur and informed the Thanjavur collector K Baskaran. But no action was taken, he claimed. In addition, the complaint to the external affairs ministry also did not yield any result. Selvaraj then submitted a petition to Trichy collector Jayashree Muralidharan.In his petition, he mentioned that his wife might have been murdered after being sexually harassed by Hamed. Moreover, he confirmed that she would not have died of any illness as her health condition was good.Selvaraj told TOI that his wife had called him on March 16 saying she could not endure the harassment by everyone in the house where she was working. She also pleaded her husband to bring her home immediately. But within a few days, he was informed about her death.Sundara Vimal Nathan (18), president of the district rural consumer protection movement, said that when they contacted the Indian embassy in Saudi Arabia, the officials denied any complaints about her death. Selvaraj appealed the Trichy collector to make arrangements to bring his wife's body home and to initiate action against the two agents in Trichy as well as Hamed in Riyadh.At this juncture, they received a letter from Riyadh on April 16 by fax from the travel agent Hasbullah, asking them to sign the papers and to return the same to Riyadh to get the body. But since it was written in Arabic, they had to take assistance from an Arabic college in Kumbakonam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12696897", "title": "Discoms plan to cushion hike", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the process of determining new power tariff in the city still ongoing, Power discoms in the city have come out with a new proposal that will offset any significant increase in consumer tariff.According to the new idea outlined by the discoms, they have identified 21 categories of tariff which they say should be rationalized, to avoid increasing tariff for consumers. The power companies have outstanding dues pending upto Rs 4,800 crore and have demanded an average increase in tariff by about 25% in the next financial year.The proposal to rationalize tariff in the identified categories is expected to be submitted to regulator Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission (DERC) soon.A senior discom official said, \"Tariff burden on domestic consumers can be reduced if some tariff categories are rationalized. Poor consumers are paying for the rich ones. DERC should examine this and come up with a new tariff structure which does not put unjustified burden on consumers.'' Some of the categories which discoms say need to be rationalized include farmhouses, hoardings, Delhi Metro, railways, government schools and hospitals.Farmhouses top the category where discoms want tariff to be increased, \"Everybody knows rich people live in farmhouses. But they are paying agricultural tariff. They can get connection for 21KW of power by paying agricultural tariff which is (Rs 1.80 per unit). Most farmhouses do not produce farm products. They are used as venues for parties and marriages and pay agricultural rates for power used during parties. Farmhouse people pay Rs 1.80 per unit while a poor domestic consumer pays Rs 3.60 per unit,'' argued the official. For hoardings, discoms say that while hoardings are charged Rs 21/unit in cities like Mumbai, charges in Delhi are just Rs 6/unit.\"They should be charged in line with other cities because most of the hoardings waste power on a large scale. If they are charged higher tariff, they will start conserving power and use LED lights or go solar,'' said an official.Discoms say the cost to supply power to Delhi Metro is Rs 7/unit whereas DMRC is charged Rs 3.80/unit by discoms, who for long have been demanding that this subsidy be terminated. Railways is another category which is heavily subsidized. \"Railways is a national organization and has a separate budget. Despite that discoms have to give them power on subsidized rates of Rs 4.50/unit,'' said an official.Discoms are also asking that government hospitals, schools and colleges be charged on a commercial basis as their bills are borne by the government. At present, government-run organizations are billed on consumer tariff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12698608", "title": "Heat, humidity combine to add to citizens\u2019 discomfort", "text": "MUMBAI: On Sunday the city recorded a high 38 degrees Celsius, its highest maximum April temperature since 2010. On Monday the temperature dipped by three degrees. Mumbaikars, however, derived little comfort from this, and continue to feel sweaty, sticky and completely ill at ease, thanks to high discomfort levels.According to the Indian Meteorology Department (IMD), the discomfort index is a computed value that describes how hot or humid the weather 'feels' to an average person. \"The discomfort index combines the temperature and humidity into one number to reflect the perceived temperature,\" explained an official from IMD Pune. \"It is, therefore, a better measure of how a person feels than either temperature or humidity alone.\"In Mumbai for example, the humidity levels have been hovering above 85% (especially in the mornings ). Combined with the moderate temperatures (32-33 degree Celsius ), the discomfort index goes above 50 degree Celsius. \"An index of 55 degrees is the threshold, beyond which one can suffer a heat stroke. But in Mumbai, with high humidity levels, heat stroke is not a possibility. However, dehydration can occur if a person stays outdoors too long without consuming liquids,\" said another IMD official.On Monday, Colaba recorded a discomfort index of 49 degrees Celsius, as the maximum temperature recorded was 33.2 degree Celsius while the evening relative humidity was 77%. Santa Cruz recorded 34.8 degrees Celsius, with a humidity of 72%.According to IMD, Sunday's high temperature was on account of the sea breeze setting in late. \"By the time it set in, the temperatures had risen due to a lack of moisture cover. But by Monday, the temperatures dropped,\" said V K Rajeev, director of weather forecast at IMD, Mumbai.\"The westerly and north-westerly winds bring humidity to the city. More humidity means a higher discomfort index. But since the humidity fluctuates throughout the day, it is difficult to calculate the highest discomfort level,\" said a weather official, adding that discomfort levels are the highest between noon and 2 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12696624", "title": "Sans top guns, Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority crippled", "text": "HYDERABAD: The second-biggest urban body in the country, Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA), has been functioning without a full-time commissioner for nearly a month. As the state government seems to be pre-occupied with byelections and other political developments, it is least bothered about appointment of the metropolitan commissioner.With the urban authority headless, major policy decisions and works came to a standstill. Also, top officials have either been transferred or are on leave, leaving citizens' grievances unattended. Many senior officials are not willing to work at the civic body, which has been in financial doldrums for the past few years.HMDA has proposed to auction some plots and parcels of land in April and even identified about 38 plots. As the notification was being prepared, the metropolitan commissioner was transferred. The authority hopes to raise about Rs 140 crore for its survival. Apart from land auction, the last date for receiving objections and suggestions on master plan for the Hyderabad Metropolitan Region ended on March 31 and petitions, which were received from citizens, should be sent to the municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department. However, it has not been done for the past two weeks, sources said.The sources added that an important file pertaining to the HMDA's staffing has been pending with the metropolitan commissioner for several weeks, which needs to be sent to the government. \"HMDA is asking the state government to sanction 200 posts as many employees retired since 2003 and another 200 officers would retire by 2014 in planning and other wings,\" a senior HMDA official said.Decisions pertaining to finalising logistic parks, integrated bus terminal in Miyapur and general review of ORR project works have been put on hold with the absence of the head of the department, the sources said.The state government had transferred Rajeshwar Tiwari to education department from HMDA on March 22 and posted managing director of AP Health Medical Housing and Infrastructure Corporation J Shyamala Rao. Since Shyamala Rao is an additional secretary rank officer and the HMDA Act clearly states the commissioner should be at least the rank of secretary, the state government again sent him back to AP Health Medical Housing and Infrastructure Development Corporation. Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) commissioner MT Krishna Babu has been given full additional charge as metropolitan commissioner since then.Being head of the most important and busy civic body GHMC, Krishna Babu has been going to the HMDA office in Tarnaka once a week and clearing important pending files. He reviewed the progress of Layout Regularisation Scheme (LRS) on a couple of occasions.Most urgent files pertaining to salary and pending bills were being sent to the GHMC for Krishna Babu's approval. He held mandatory meetings like budget approval board meeting at Buddha Purnima Project Authority office at Tank Bund instead of HMDA office in Tarnaka due to his busy schedule.As the in-charge commissioner has been visiting the HMDA head office once a week, visitors are clueless on redressal of their grievances, especially on issues related to Outer Ring Road (ORR) land compensation or LRS.After the metropolitan commissioner was transferred on March 22, the other IAS officer and project director of Outer Ring Road (ORR) Manicka Raj was also transferred and relieved from duties on March 29. The director of planning wing, who generally refuses to meet visitors, is also on leave since the past week on health grounds. Though the government posted Samuel Anand Kumar as ORR project director a couple of days ago, he assumed charge only on Monday.Decisions pertaining to finalising logistic parks, integrated bus terminal in Miyapur and general review of ORR project work have been put on hold with the absence of the head of the department, sources said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12699515", "title": "Opposition gears up for BCA polls, eyes top posts", "text": "VADODARA: With Samarjitsinh Gaekwad pulling out of the race for Baroda Cricket Association (BCA) president, the opposition camp has decided to give its best shot for the top posts.Unlike in the past, their focus this time will be on the president's post too. The opposition had been waiting to devise its strategy for last few days as it had expected Gaekwad to contest as president.But, they have now started raising contentious issues like cricket stadium project, delayed annual general meetings (AGMs) and loss of crores of rupees in the land deals in a bid target BCA president Chirayu Amin.\"We have decided to focus our energies on president, vice-president and treasurer's posts. With Gaekwad and Amin joining hands, it will be an uphill task for us. But we are prepared to campaign and bring awareness about the management's failures among the voters,\" said Sheetal Mehta of the opposition camp. Former VMC standing committee chairman Shailesh Nagarsheth will be contesting for president's post against Amin. It is for the first time in the last decade that the opposition has fielded candidate for president's post. Many, though, believe that the polls would be a formality as the opposition has not been able to garner considerable votes in the past. On Sunday, two of the opposition candidates pulled out of the race for honorary secretary. Both Cecil Williams and Dashrath Pardesi withdrew their forms.Sanjay Patel and Sachin Davli are the management's candidates for the secretary's post. It is learnt that the management promised to accommodate Williams and Pardesi in the association. \"We are happy that the management has decided to accommodate our two candidates. After all our fight is for inclusive and clean administration,\" Mehta told TOI.The opposition group is also planning to take legal advice over the delayed clearing of annual accounts and polls on Monday. \"The management had made promises for efficient and transparent administration. But it has not been producing annual accounts on time. They are yet to produce annual accounts of 2010-11 when the AGM is being held for 2012-13. Also, there is no clarity over crores of rupees paid towards a land deal,\" said advocate Jayesh Verma, who is contesting for the post of treasurer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12697245", "title": "PM\u2019s Haj delegation must go: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday expressed reservation against an annual jumbo PM's goodwill Haj delegation to Mecca saying the over 40-year-old exercise had outlived its utility and must be discontinued at the earliest to save unnecessary expenses at the exchequer's cost.The delegation comprised of three members in 1967 and grew to record 49 members in 2006 in two phases. The observations from the bench of Justices Aftab Alam and Ranjana P Desai came after attorney general G E Vahanvati placed the new Haj Policy for 2012 before the court.The government's promise to restrict nomination into the goodwill delegation to once in a lifetime and to limit the number of members to 10 in future did little to muffle the bench's disapproval of a jumbo team to Saudi Arabia every year.The bench said, \"In another four to five years this must go as you (Centre) do not need it.\" Vahanvati said the primary purpose of the delegation was to convey goodwill on the auspicious occasion of Haj to the government of Saudi Arabia as well as to ascertain the manner in which Haj was conducted and recommend to the government better facilities the next year.But the court asked, \"Are you aware what the situation was when the delegation started in 1967?\" It said it became imperative for India to send a delegation in 1967 to Saudi Arabia to counter apparent anti-India propaganda by Pakistan's goodwill delegation, which started paying annual visits in 1965.The ministry of external affairs in its affidavit filed through advocate Haris Beeran conceded that Pakistan had discontinued sending an official Haj goodwill delegation four to five years back. \"Some official members come at their own expense, only with the purpose of performing Haj. The Haj minister of Pakistan comes officially as a guest of South Asian Moassassa and meets the pilgrims,\" it said.Taking note of this, the bench said, \"Now you do not need it. Ten-member delegation is still large. You make it four or five members only.\" The AG said the Haj policy as a whole would be refurbished by restricting entry of new private tour operators (PTO) besides permitting a Haj pilgrim to travel on government subsidy only once in a lifetime.But the bench said, \"Our concern is different. We are seeing this case not from a point of commercial interest.\" The court's concern was about weeding out corruption and arbitrariness in grant of government's Haj quota comprising 1.25 lakh pilgrims every year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12697383", "title": "Youth held for stealing Rs 8.5L by hacking into ex-IRS officer\u2019s a/c", "text": "MUMBAI: A 24-year-old youth from Palakkad in Kerala was arrested from a hotel in his hometown on Sunday by the city cyber police for allegedly hacking into the net-banking account of a retired Indian Revenue Service officer in Mumbai and transferring Rs 8.5 lakh from it.Vivek Manoharan, who was brought to Mumbai on Monday, has been booked for cheating and forgery and under Information Technology Act.Ravindra Pathania, who has retired from Central Board of Direct Taxes, has his savings accounts with the SBI's Churchgate branch. The police said on June 23, 2011, Pathania received a call from the GRP, asking him if he had bought railway tickets with his debit card. Denying any knowledge of it, Pathania said he hardly used the facility. From his bank, Pathania learnt that Rs 8.5 lakh had been siphoned off. \"The transactions showed online purchases of train tickets and personal goods. Each transaction ranged from Rs 10,000 to Rs 20,000, and 300 transfers were made in 2 months,\" said cops. Cyber crime cops traced the hacker's IP address to Kerala. Money was withdrawn in AP, Kerala and Tamil Nadu , the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12700798", "title": "Ayurvedic doctor scripts a silent saga", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The short film 'Jayahe' may not appease the highbrow movie buffs, but it is ingrained with a few peculiarities that are mentionable.To begin with, the maker of 'Jayahe' is a 25-year-old Ayurvedic doctor Gouri Lekshmi, who has had no training in filmmaking. Lekshmi got the inspiration to make 'Jayahe', after spending six months writing a script for filmmaker Kamal for his forthcoming project.\"After developing a full fledged script for my story as instructed by Kamal, I felt the urge to do something creative again,\" said Lekshmi.\"That is how I thought of doing a silent short film that would encompass multiple messages,\" added Lekshmi.Lekshmi decided to break the convention and make a silent movie. \"If you succeed at conveying your message through a silent film, it shows you have some substance in you as a filmmaker,\" she explained. The 15 minutes long movie tries to put across messages that range from the power of maternal love, class differences, the struggle of the poor, man's relationship with animals, women's will power and patriotism.The movie has an interesting cast, where the actors who portray the main characters are all debutantes and have essentially the shades their roles require innately in them. \"Anagha Sree, the girl who plays the daughter of the beggar woman was found from an angawadi school at the beachside and the deaf and mute beggar woman portrayed by Rossario is deaf and mute in real life too,\" said Lekshmi. \"It was very difficult to direct Rossario through signs and gestures,\" she added. Even a trained mongrel, Bruno, is featured in the movie. 'Jayahe' was screened on Saturday at the Kairali Theatre. Filmmaker Kamal lit the lamp and inaugurated the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12687138", "title": "Kashmera Shah turns 'Boneless Biryani' for Krushna", "text": "Krushna Abhishek and Kashmera Shah will be seen in an item number choreographed by Prabhu Deva's brother, Vishnu Deva.Television actor and standup comedian Krushna Abhishek will soon be seen in a film called Mr Money . And though his long-time girlfriend Kashmira Shah is not the leading lady opposite him in the film, the duo will be seen together in an item number.The sexy actress who was amongst the early item girls in Bollywood and known for popular item songs like 'Jawani Se Ab Jung Hone Lagi' in Vaastav (1999) will return to the item number scene after years. In times when all the top league actresses have jumped on to the item number bandwagon from Chikni Chameli ( Katrina Kaif ) to Halkat Jawani ( Kareena Kapoor ), Kashmera makes a comeback as ' Boneless Biryani '.And if lyrics are anything to go by, sources insist that the song is certainly a double meaning number. The tapoori number was recently shot at Madh Island and the chemistry between Kashmira and Krushna was more real than reel. Earlier the duo has participated on dance reality shows like Nach Baliye where they displayed their dancing prowess. Boneless Biryani is choreographed by Prabhu Deva's brother, Vishnu Deva.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "belthangady", "code": "12701689", "title": "Court allows Vittala to take exams", "text": "BELTHANGADY: JMFC has granted permission to Vittala Malekudiya, who is in judicial custody on charges of being an alleged Naxal sympathizer, to take the internal assessment tests to be held for the first year mass communication and journalism students of Mangalore University.The internal assessment tests had begun on Monday. However, Vittala was not able to write the test on the first day as the court had reserved order for Monday.Earlier, the Puttur fast track court had denied bail to Vittala and his father Linganna Malekudiya on Thursday. Following this, advocate Dinesh Hegde Ulepady submitted an application before the JMFC Belthangady on Friday seeking permission for Vittala to take the tests. Though application was submitted on Friday, the court had reserved the order for Monday as Saturday and Sunday were holidays.Advocate Dinesh told TOI that the court had directed the jail authorities to make arrangements for Vittala to write the tests on April 17, 18, 19 and 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12700647", "title": "2000 daily penalty awaits Ranchi restaurants", "text": "RANCHI: A fine of Rs 2,000 per day for this calendar year will be imposed on the restaurants that are not handing over solid waste to A2Z Infrastructure Ltd, which is looking after waste management of the state capital.Following a meeting with restaurant owners, Ranchi Municipal Corporation (RMC) CEO Vinay Chaubey said, \"A2Z Infrastructure had complained that some of the restaurants are not handing over solid waste to the company. This definitely means that these restaurants are disposing their waste in some public place. I have asked the medical officer to impose a fine of Rs 2,000 per day of this calendar year and if the restaurant owners do not pay the fine we will close the restaurants.\"Rules say that the restaurants under an area of 10,000 sq ft have to pay Rs 1,000 per month and above the area of 10,000 sq ft Rs 5,000 to the company for collecting the garbage. Many hotels are ignoring the rules and throwing the waste in open so that they do not have to pay to the company. It was also decided at the meeting that those restaurants which do not have their own kitchens will have to pay only Rs 500.Another important issue discussed at the meeting was about licensing of the restaurants as many of those do not have licence. Chaubey asked the restaurant owners to apply for licences immediately. The annual fee for renewal of licence depends on the turnover of the restaurants. Restaurants with an annual turnover of Rs 50,000 per year will have to pay Rs 300 and those with Rs 1 lakh turnover have to pay Rs 400 and those above Rs 50 lakh turnover have to pay Rs 2,500 per annum.The RMC has also made a chart of days for roads and drains cleaning which provides the list of an area and the days on which a particular area be cleaned. This list was provided to the restaurant owners so that they can be prepared for the day their area would be cleaned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12697361", "title": "Water transport project awaits nod", "text": "MUMBAI: While work to invite bids for the creation of infrastructure for the Nariman Point-Borivli water transport project has been initiated, it is yet to procure a vital permission from the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF).A permission to extend the deadline for completion of the project work till 2017 is still pending with the ministry, according to a written reply submitted by ports minister Narayan Rane in response to a query included in the starred questions list in the legislative council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12699566", "title": "Pipeline damaged during road widening work", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The ongoing widening of Dayananda Marg has damaged the sewage pipelines as a result of which water is spilling on the road. The problem is persisting for past many days but the authorities have not repaired the damaged pipelines.The portion of Dayanand Marg stretching from Children's Park to Indian Press Crossing is being widened.The sweage pipeline is important as it connects to Old City areas including Katra, Manmohan park, Colonelganj, Bakhtiyari, etc. Further, the contruction material has has been put into the open manholes and this has choked the sewage lines.Colonelganj corporator Anand Ghidiyal said, \"Due to the ongoing work, four manholes have got damaged apart from the sewage pipelines. The pipeline needs to be urgently repaired, otherwise filthy water will flood the adjoining localities.\"He said many complaints have been made to civic authorities including Allahabad Municipal Corporation, Jal Sansthan, public works committee but no action has been taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12699503", "title": "Chain snatching incidents on rise again", "text": "VADODARA: Incidents of chain snatching have come to haunt the city police again. After a brief lull, the gangs have started to target women in different areas and are getting bolder by the day. If a gang snatched gold chain of a woman right outside her house in Karelibaug last week, another duo targeted a woman in a residential colony in Subhanpura on Saturday night. Sejal Dave, a resident of Subhanpura, was passing through Shreynagar Society with her daughter when two persons approached her.The duo was travelling on a motorbike. \"They came from behind and snatched the gold chain of Dave. Before she could react they fled from the spot,\" said police. She lost her gold chain worth Rs 30,000. The city police has been trying hard to bust such gangs but has so far failed on most occasions. A septuagenarian has even started an agitation against the police and wants compensation from government for the victims of chain snatching.However, city police commissioner Satish Sharma said during a media briefing some days ago that the incidents of chain snatching have been less compared to the same period last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12696643", "title": "Jail for bakery owners for employing child workers", "text": "HYDERABAD: The owner of a bakery, who engaged child workers, was sentenced to one year imprisonment and told to pay a fine of Rs 20,000 by a local court on Monday.The incident of child labour came to light when an NGO, AP Balahakkula Sangam, alerted the Child Welfare Committee (CWC), Ranga Reddy district.\"The CWC authorities with the help of the department of labour and police raided the bakery run by Ravindran and Selvan at Sainagar in Uppal on April 11 and rescued three child workers,\" CWC RR district chairperson V Padmavathi told the media on Monday.The team observed that the condition of the bakery and children employed there were completely unsafe.Around 15 children were working at the unit at the time of the raid.\"We rescued three minors. After recording the statement of the employer, we referred the case to the Juvenile Justice Board (JJB) under section 26 of the JJ Act,\" she said.Based on the report submitted by JJB and CWC, the Ranga Reddy district judge sentenced Ravindran to undergo one year imprisonment and imposed a fine of Rs 20,000, while Selvan was imposed a fine of Rs 10,000. However, Ravindran secured bail and sought a month's time to prove his innocence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12697466", "title": "Teachers' jail bharo evokes poor response", "text": "NAGPUR: The 'jail bharo andolan' by lecturers on Monday turned out to be a damp squib as only about 400 teachers turned out. Ambazari police detained all of them near Nagpur University Teachers Association (NUTA) office at Subedar hall. About 345 male and 64 female teachers were held under Bombay Police Act and released later. \"As no offence was filed, we detained them at 3pm and released them after one-and-half-hours\", said SI D Ghode.The agitation was led by NUTA secretary Anil Dhage and Young Teachers' Association's Baban Taywade. \"We care for students, who may face problems due to delayed results. But it is not our spontaneous action. We have been raising the issue since February 24,\" Dhage said.Taywade claimed, 1,000 teachers participated in the protest and it was successful. \"Since the agitation is going all over the state, we are hoping for positive results,\" he said. The DNC principal addd that for evaluation, they will work overtime if their demands were fulfilled.NUTA will be conducting another meeting on Wednesday which will be addressed by the former Amravati MLC BT Deshmukh.TOI has been tracking how students were anxious about their results, but lecturers had declined to sympathize with them. The teachers boycotted evaluation work from April 1. Over 34,000 teachers, excluding engineering and medical fraternity, have vowed not to do any of the university's work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12700780", "title": "One arrested for selling pirated CDs", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The anti-piracy cell, which is on a roll these days, made another catch on Monday. This time the police caught a dealer who distributed pirated movie discs in the Parassala region.The accused, identified as Syam of Parassala, was arrested on Monday while returning from Beemapally with the DVDs he purchased. The police also confiscated over 500 DVDs of latest movies of different Indian languages from the accused.According to APC officials, the accused was arrested following a tip off received by APC DySP Rafeek. The APC officials had a few days ago said that the Beemapally region was under their surveillance and the people coming out of the Beemapally market will also be checked. For this, policemen in mafti are also deployed in the area.Syam has confessed to the police that he was involved in the trade of pirated DVDs and CDs for the past several years. Parassala, his hometown, was his realm. He has also given more names to the police. Syam was produced before the court and remanded in judicial custody, said the source.On April 12, the APC had busted a gang of five members and seized over 37,000 discs, including 20,000 pirated movie discs and 17,000 blank discs. This was one of the biggest hauls by the APC which was reconstituted a few months ago.Meanwhile, APC superintendent Rajpal Meena has given out a strong warning that the Goonda Act would be invoked against the people who indulge in copyright infringement acts again and again, despite being charged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12697592", "title": "78 per cent polling in 1,700 gram panchayats", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The gram panchayat election in Halol passed off peacefully on Monday. The state election commission recorded a high voting percentage of 78.5 per cent. The counting will be held on Tuesday.The elections to the 1,700 gram panchayats was held in the state on Sunday. In Halol, re-election was conducted on Monday because of multiple errors in the voters' list.Officials said that the results are expected to be out by afternoon. These panchayat elections, unlike the taluka, nagar palika and district panchayat polls, were not held on party symbols.In the elections for the 8,247 of the 10,394 villages in the state that went to polls on December 29, both BJP and Congress claimed that they won nearly 70 per cent of the villages panchayat.Election to the Shewada gram panchayat in Tilakwada in Narmada district was stopped as one of the candidates died on the day of the polling in the area.Of the 421 panchayats that were declared as samras panchayats (no elections), Mehsana district had 121 gram panchayats which were declared samras, followed by Patan with 81 panchayats, Bhavnagar 72 panchayats, Gandhinagar 18 gram panchayats and Amreli 17. Banaskantha and Kutch had 16 gram panchayats that were declared samras.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12697512", "title": "Now, zip from South Delhi to Noida Extension", "text": "NOIDA: Spelling relief for commuters, the much-awaited underpass at the busy sector 37 crossing will be thrown open to traffic on Tuesday - the 37th foundation day of Noida. The underpass, a part of the ambitious twin flyover-underpass project of Noida Authority, has been completed eight months ahead of schedule. It is expected to cut travel time between Delhi and Noida Extension.Come Tuesday and vehicles can drive uninterrupted by red lights towards Noida Extension from Delhi and vice versa. The underpass has been built cutting across the Master Plan III road, which links Kalindi Kunj and Noida Extension.The underpass will also ease traffic flow from Atta market to Greater Noida. With the opening of the underpass, the sector 37 crossing has become a signal-free intersection.The uniqueness of the project lies in the fact that the Metro, a flyover and an underpass all exist at the same place at the sector 37 crossing. \"Initially, the project was supposed to be completed in 24 months but work was hastened to finish it eight months ahead of schedule,\" said an official. \"There couldn't have been a better day than the city's 37th birthday to formally throw it open,\" he added.Prior to the commissioning of the project, traffic movement used to come to a standstill at this intersection during peak hours as four major roads converge here. Hundreds of vehicles moving from Delhi towards Atta market via the toll bridge or the service road, as well as those travelling from Kalindi Kunj use this junction. Vehicles coming into Noida from Dadri Road also use this route.The underpass is a 600-m-long four-lane double carriageway meant for traffic coming from the Dadri Road in one direction and from Atta road in the opposite direction. Built using state-of-the-art engineering technology, the underpass has 173 diaphragm walls, 64 piles, 620 tie beams and 128 strut beams. The flyover, also part of this project, was opened in January this year. It's a 750-m long four-lane single carriageway which facilitates smooth flow of vehicles travelling from Kalindi Kunj to Dadri.The two projects have been built at a total cost of over Rs 70 crore. \"The early completion of the project has ensured that the Authority has been able to save a lot of taxpayers' money on costs which otherwise get escalated when projects miss their deadlines,\" said the authority official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12700958", "title": "Major fire breaks out in factory at Shapar-Veraval", "text": "RAJKOT: A major fire broke out in a thermocol manufacturing unit of Shapar-Veraval industrial zone on Monday morning. Fire fighters from Rajkot, Dhoraji, Upleta and Gondal fire stations engaged in fire fighting operation which lasted for more than three hours.The fire was reported at 7 am in Royal Fome and Plastic Private Limited, which spread to plastic grains and thermocol sheet and soon turned into a major inferno. Such was the mammoth magnitude of the fire that its flames could be seen from as far as Gondal.The fire brigade officials believe that the incident might have been caused by short circuit. \"First four fire fighters from Rajkot fire brigade rushed to the site. However, after they were unable to bring the situation under control, SOS was sent to other fire stations, following which fire engines from Dhoraji, Upleta and Gondal arrived at the site to assist in the operation,\" said an official from Rajkot fire brigade.The officials claimed that though a major portion of the factory was gutted in the fire, a major tragedy could have been averted due to their timely intervention. \"There were two tanks of LPG. Before the flames could reach them, leading to explosion, we showered gallons of water on them through water cannons. Due to LPG tanks, we had to shift our focus on them, following which other rescue operation suffered. However, had the gas tanks caught fire, it would have resulted in a much bigger tragedy. We had to take a quick decision,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12702120", "title": "Cops look for Sulfa murder bullet shells", "text": "GUWAHATI: City police are searching for two bullet shells used by a group of three people to kill Dhruba Jyoti Talukdar, a surrendered Ulfa (Sulfa) rebel, on March 26.The police believe that the bullet shells will help them not only to identify the weapon but will also give them lead to catch another suspect Mithun, who is still on the run.Dhruba Jyoti's personal security officer (PSO) Binod kumer Mili and his business aide Pradip Baishya, who have been apprehended in relation to his killing, have informed police that they threw the bullet shells in the septic tank of Dhruba's house and the house key in the drain in front of the gate.The police have already fished out the key from the spot and are now searching for the bullet shells.Earlier, the nabbed duo guided the police to Dhruba's decomposed body in Amchang forest.\"A CID and forensic team and thje district administration has been called to take up the matter. We were supposed to find the shells on Monday but could not. Within a day or two the shells will be recovered and they will be help us to identify the weapon used in the murder,\" said a policeman at Noonmati PS. The team will take fresh fingerprints from the living room of Dhruba, from where the killers have stolen money.Police earlier confirmed that Talukdar was killed at his house on March 26.The killers took his body in an SUV and buried it at Amchang forest. Mithun was allegedly driving the vehicle.Sources said that Rs 50 lakh was missing from Dhruba's cupboard.\"Binod and Pradip said that they got Rs 3.70 lakh in his house, of which Mithun took Rs 2.5 lakh. But his relatives said that the amount is not less than Rs 50 lakh. We are confused,\" said the policeman. \"Mithun hails from Nalbari and we have sought the help of Nalbari Police in the case,\" he said.The police believe that the bullet shells will help them not only to identify the weapon but will also give them a lead to catch another suspect Mithun, who is still on the run. Mithun was allegedly driving the vehicle. Earlier, the nabbed duo guided the police to Dhruba's decomposed body in Amchang forest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12699750", "title": "China endorses strong UN statement against North Korea", "text": "BEIJING: China has endorsed the strongly worded UN Security Council statement condemning the botched rocket launch by its close ally North Korea and called for more dialogue and consultations.The UN Security Council statement was a result of consultations by all members of the body and reflects the basic consensus of the international community, Chinese foreign ministry Spokesman, Liu Weimin said.\"It has been proven that dialogue and consultations are the only correct way to solve problems,\" Liu said in a statement.His remarks came after the 15-nation UN body issued a presidential statement stating that North Korea's failed April 13 rocket launch has raised \"grave security concerns\" and demanded that Pyongyang fully comply with relevant Security Council resolutions.Liu said China participated in the Security Council consultations in a responsible and constructive way and it believes that the Council should make \"more efforts to promote dialogue and maintain peace and stability on the Korean peninsula\".The Chinese government believes it is in the common interest of all relevant parties to resume the six-party talks and continue to make efforts to denuclearise the peninsula, he said.\"China is willing to keep in close touch with all parties concerned to push the six-party talks forward and make unswerving efforts to realise long-lasting peace on the peninsula,\" state-run Xinhua quoted him as saying.Analysts said Beijing's endorsement of the resolution indicates China was not pleased with the North Korean government's decision to go ahead with the satellite launch, jeopardising its recent agreement with US to get 21000 tonnes food aid.Washington has cancelled that agreement following the missile launch to put a satellite into orbit, which failed midway.Chinese officials also indicated that Beijing was trying to prevail on the North Korean government to not go for the much speculated nuclear test to compensate for the failed launch of the satellite.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12697606", "title": "Eye removed from dead body: Probe panel fails to pin-point reason", "text": "LUCKNOW: Etah police, on Monday, said that the three-member panel probing the allegations that the eye of a body were allegedly removed by the doctors at the Etah district hospital, had failed to establish how one of the eyes went missing.Police sources said that the panel did confirm that the left eye of the body was missing but it was of the opinion that there was no evidence to suggest that the eye has been removed surgically or otherwise. \"At best, a rat could have eaten it up during the night when the body was kept at the district hospital,\" said a police officer, adding that the victim had suffered severe injuries on the left side of his face and eye. On Saturday afternoon, one Deepak alias Hodil (15), son of Roshan Lal of Ghaipur Pahore village had suffered severe injuries when he was hit by a speeding Uttar Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (UPSRTC) bus. tnnHe was admitted to the district hospital. After treatment to stabilize the condition, the doctors at the district hospital referred Deepak to Saifai, stating that his condition was deteriorating and needed advance treatment that was available at Safai Hospital. However, before the family could shift him to Safai, he succumbed.The family member said they were at the Etah district hospital, waiting for the body to be shifted to the morgue for an autopsy that was possible only next morning. Two doctors on duty, accompanied by some ward-boys, approached them. They allegedly persuaded the family to go back home and return the next morning and that there was no point in staying outside the morgue for the night. They assured that they would take care of the body. The family members left on the assurance by the doctors.The next morning, the family was reportedly preparing to leave for the morgue to pursue the most-mortem examination, when they were informed by an anonymous caller that the eyes of deceased had been removed from the body shortly after they had left for home on Saturday night.The family members reached the morgue to see the body. They were shocked to find that the left eye was missing. They then went looking for the doctor on duty to inform him about it. Having failed to trace the doctor, the family members of Deepak lost their cool. Later, scores of local resident gathered at the site and blocked the GT Road in front of the district hospital, demanding action against the accused.The protest ended when sub-divisional magistrate (SDM) Sadar Udai Raj Singh reached the site and assured the villagers of a thorough probe into the incident. Subsequently, chief medical officer RC Pandey constituted a team led by an eye-surgeon to probe into the allegations. A panel of three doctors including two eye-surgeons was constituted to conduct the post-mortem examination. The autopsy was performed and the body handed over to the family for cremation.A case was lodged on the complaint of Deepak's father Roshan Lal against the doctor on duty, the chief medical superintendent (CMS), ward-boys Sunil Kumar and Anil Kumar and an unidentified security guard of the hospital. They have been accused of taking out the eye without the consent or knowledge of the family members of Deepak.The CMO said that primary medical report of Deepak stated that he ad suffered severe injuries in his left eye. It was because of this injury that the patient was referred to Saifai Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12701121", "title": "Sat Paul school wins debate competition", "text": "LUDHIANA: The team from Sat Paul Mittal School, Ludhiana, won the Frank Anthony All India Interschool Debate Competition held at Ram Lal Bhasin Public School on Monday.The event, which is organized every year by the Council for Indian School Certificate Examination, New Delhi, for ICSE schools, started with a prayer. Nine prominent schools of Punjab participated in the debate.The participants were given their topic and then allowed one hour to refer books, magazines and internet to prepare their arguments as a test of their logical thinking, time management and ability to work independently. Two students from each school spoke for and against the motion after which there was a rebuttal round for other participants and audience to pose questions.After intense debating, Amreen Kohli from Sat Paul Mittal School, Ludhiana was declared the best speaker. The first runner up was Aman Sinha from Sacred Heart Higher Secondary School, Ludhiana and Beerender Singh of St Xaviers High School, Mohali was declared the second runner up. President of SDP Sabha Balraj Bhasin gave away the prizes.Kids go adventurousA thrilling and exciting one-day adventure camp was organized at Kundan Vidya Mandir, Civil Lines, for students of classes IV and V on Monday. It was conducted by a team of experts. About 200 students enthusiastically participated in adventure activities, like commando bridge, double treble, rock climbing, tyre crossing, tent pitching, monkey crawling, commando net crawling and Australian trolly, among others.Students were divided into six groupsThe camp gave them an opportunity to learn how to adjust themselves according to the given situations. The activities inculcated team spirit in them.Students exhibit their poetry recitation skillsAn English poem recitation competition was held in Guru Nanak Public School (GNPS), Model Town Extension, on Monday. About 32 children participated in the contest, which was for Class V students. While reciting the poems, kids adhered to rhythm, mood, diction and expression. The school headmistress, Harjit Kaur Dua, said such competitions enabled children develop taste and appreciation for poetry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12697577", "title": "Postcards expose gaps in health service delivery", "text": "LUCKNOW: One can now draw the attention of health minister and departmental authorities towards gaps in the service delivery system by simply writing the problem on a postcard. The system of 'postdoot' is all set to take a formal shape.It all began during family welfare minister Ahamd Hasan's field visits in the first week of April. Officials claim that wherever he went he told people to write a postcard to him if they had a complaint related to the health services. In less than a week's time, the minister received hundreds of post cards related to problems ranging from doctors' absenteeism at health centres to non-availability of medicines. This was followed by problems relating to prescription of spurious drugs or doctors directing patient-attendants to buy medicines from elsewhere. The third most common complaint was related to machines or equipment not working.Seeing such an overwhelming response, the minister has directed setting up of a monitoring cell at the headquarters. The cell in Lucknow will be assisted by six regional complaint units. Hasan said that these postcards would be treated as formal complaints and lead to action in case they were found to be true. On Monday, he suspended two doctors - one each in Maharajganj and Kushinagar. Taking to TOI, health minister Hasan said: \"A strong feed back mechanism helps in performing better.\"It may be noted that postcards are being effectively used in other parts of the country to take stock of health services. The model being used by Assam was listed as a best practice for feedback mechanism. In UP too, a post card feed back mechanism was proposed to keep track of maternal deaths. But the system couldn't take off following change of guards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12699532", "title": "Faculty recruitment at Allahabad university to be discussed on April 28", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Academic Council of Allahabad University will meet on April 28 to discuss issues related to recruitment of faculty members.The decision of the AC would be tabled in the next meeting of the Executive Council (EC).AU had recently advertised around 500 teaching posts. In accordance with UGC regulations 2009, candidates applying for these posts should be NET qualified.But later, the Allahabad High Court allowing the writ petitions filed by Dr Ramesh Kumar Yadav and another directed the petitioners were eligible for consideration for appointment as guest faculty in AU Sanskrit department provided they met any of the six tests out of 11, laid down by the UGC, and which are essential for awarding PhD degree under Regulations of 2009. Thus, the petitioners were eligible for consideration for guest faculty positions even if they are not NET/SLET/SET qualified.The Executive Council in its meeting held on Sunday decided that the same should be referred to the Academic Council.The meeting bears significance owing to the fact that following the high court order, AU may have to reopen the advertisement, giving extension of some period to non-NET applicants to apply for posts or AC could come out with other alternatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12696812", "title": "Activists accuse J&K; cops of racial profiling", "text": "The J&K; police conducting door-to-door surveys to monitor presence of migrants have come in for criticism from human rights activists who have accused them of political and racial profiling. Law minister Ali M Sagar first said he wasn't aware of any such exercise.He later added, \"However, I am now told by the police that they are collecting details of elements involved in crime.\" The police have collected data especially from conflict prone towns like Maharaj Gunj, Saraf Kadal, Bohri Kadal, Khanyar, Jamia Masjid and Rajouri Kadal. However, DIG, central Kashmir, Abdul Gani Mir maintained that the survey was \"routine\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12697387", "title": "Cut trees legally and pay more", "text": "NAGPUR: Being guardian of a green city, one would imagine Nagpur Municipal Corporation to be harsher on those who fell trees illegally rather than those who seek legal permission to do so. Strangely it is not. In the Quixotic world of NMC, illegal fellers get away cheaply while law-abiding citizens approaching the NMC for permission are penalized heavily.Information sought by social activist Abhay Kolarkar, a resident of Padole Layout, Deendayal Nagar, under the RTI Act, reveals this startling fact. \"Polluters pay more for environment damage is the common policy but in case of illegal felling of trees it is not true,\" says Kolarkar. Those who felled trees with prior NMC permission paid 35.45 lakh as deposit to NMC but those who felled illegally got away by paying a fine of 1,000 each. Incidentally, the fine remains the same even if one cuts scores of trees.Information sought for two years between January 1, 2010, and February 29, 2012, reveals that the garden department of the NMC granted permission to 62 persons to fell 1,279 trees in the city. As per the norms, a person has to plant five times the number of trees he intends to fell. Based on this, 35.45 lakh were collected as deposit from applicants. The money is refunded only after compensatory plantation of trees is done and groomed for three years. If the condition is not followed, the deposit is forfeited.Accordingly, the applicants needed to plant 6,155 trees in lieu of 1,279 felled. However, there is no mention of how many felled trees were actually compensated. In many cases, the planted trees have already died. To a query, the NMC says 367 trees were felled without taking permission but documents show only eight cases have been filed in the court of law for violation of Section 8 of the Maharashtra (Urban Areas) Preservation of Trees Act, 1975.Those involved in felling trees included heads of education institutions, who otherwise should have taken a lead in protecting the environment in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12700443", "title": "St Xavier's College student victim of love triangle", "text": "RANCHI: A love triangle has allegedly caused the death of a 24-year-old girl, Santa Das, an office management student of St Xavier's College here on Monday. Das hanged herself with her dupatta under strange circumstances at her Purulia Road lodge.On the basis of a suicide note that the deceased has left behind, police suspect a love triangle is behind the incident. \"After I am gone, you will not be able to live with her happily. It is all that I know,\" a line from the 200-odd word suicide note, in Hindi, said. \"It appears that the boy with whom Santa is suspected to be having an affair had recently developed a relation with another girl. The deceased was apparently depressed because of that,\" said Lower Bazaar police station officer-in-charge A K Giri.Das, who hails from Dhanbad, was staying here for the last four years for studying. The scribbled suicide note does not, however, specify any name. Santa's cellphone could not be found even though police and relatives of the deceased searched for it. \"The missing cellphone has only compounded our problems. Had we been able to recover the mobile phone, it would have been easy for us to investigate,\" said police.Relatives, however, are also not ruling out murder. The suicide note further said, \"I had intimated you that if you cheat me, I will either kill myself or kill you. I think killing myself is better.\"Santa's cousins said they had no clue about any love affair. \"I don't know anything,\" said one of her cousins who is a student of the same college. However, girls staying in the room next to that of Das at the lodge are not so clueless. \"Of late she had become more reserved than she actually was and never shared anything with us,\" said an inmate.A caretaker of the lodge informed police of the incident around 9am on Monday. Das' father is a driver with Bharat Coking Coal in Dhanbad. The body has been sent for autopsy and an FIR has been lodged with the local police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12700182", "title": "Ayushmann signs John, Soojit's next film", "text": "Even before his first film 'Vicky Donor' hits cinema houses, VJ-turned-actor Ayushmann Khurrana has managed to impress John Abraham , who has signed him for his next home production, 'Hamara Bajaj'.Ayushmann is making his acting debut in Bollywood with Vicky Donor , directed by Shoojit Sircar. He plays the central character in the story, based on the concept of sperm donation and infertility.Now in 'Hamaara Bajaj', he would be playing the role of a young man called Sanjay Bajaj who is a struggling actor. \"There is a two film contract and I have signed my next film with Soojit Sircar and John. It is a story of a small time struggling actor called Sanjay Bajaj and that is why the title 'Hamara Bajaj'. It is a drama about a small time guy, who wants to be an actor and eventually becomes a star. But there are challenges,\" Ayushmann told PTI in an interview.The shooting for 'Hamara Bajaj' would begin in December 2012. \"But this ('Hamara Bajaj') will practically be my third film because I have ten months in between so I may do another movie. I am reading scripts and taking time. I have taken four years for my debut film, so I am in no hurry,\" Ayushmann said.In Vicky Donor Ayushmann, essays a Punjabi cricket player cum sperm donor in love with a Bengali girl, played by television actress Yami Gautam. Not only is this his acting debut, but also his introduction as a singer for a number in the film. Little did he know that an impromptu song he wrote in college would now mark his musical debut.Ayushmann has composed and even penned the lyrics of the song titled, Paani Da Rang . The song is a Punjabi ballad that he had written while he was in college. \"I wrote this song with a friend of mine. We were looking for a perfect launch pad. I used to take classical training as a kid.. that inclination towards music is from family as they love music. If I do more films, I will sing for myself, I write (lyrics) also. I did that, I write poems in Hindi,\" Ayushmann said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12698180", "title": "Minister, MLA spat rocks assembly", "text": "JAIPUR:In a shameful display of behaviour, suspended BJP legislator Hanuman Beniwal and minister of state for medical and health Dr Rajkumar Sharma were involved in a heated argument at the state assembly late on Monday evening. The argument was fuelled by Beniwal's abusive language for Sharma and the two almost got into a fight, forcing senior members of the house to intervene.The argument started when Beniwal, while speaking during the debate on demands related to the medical and health department, made personal comments and allegations against the health minister, to which Sharma objected. Beniwal lost his cool and got abusive, which triggered a sharp argument between the two. The two left their seats and headed for each other, simultaneously making threats.The argument and the use of abusive language shocked the other members, who rushed to pacify the two.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12696698", "title": "No cheetahs in sight yet at zoo", "text": "HYDERABAD: Cheetahs that were brought to the city's Nehru Zoological Park from the Czech Republic on February 17 continue to be under quarantine as the enclosure into which they were scheduled to be released is not yet ready. The three cheetahs were to be released into this enclosure by March 17.The enclosure has been lying empty ever since the death of the last cheetah at the zoo in 1984. A wolf and subsequently wild dogs were housed in the enclosure that was originally designed for the cheetahs way back in 1960s. While the enclosure was vacated last month for the imported animals, restoration works have been delayed. Currently, the zoo authorities are busy draining out the water seepage in the enclosure from the Miralam Tank.\"The zoo has been recording more number of visitors as the school holiday season has started. These cheetahs should have been released about a month ago but it is likely to take close to two more weeks for the work to get over,\" said a source.Officials stated that the delay was due to problems encountered in the wet enclosure. \"Since it is a wet enclosure, it has water from the Miralam Tank seeping in that is not hygienic. These animals might fall sick if they drink the infected water,\" said M A Waheed, curator, Zoo Park. The three big cats were brought under an animal exchange programme from Dvur Kralove Zoo, Czech Republic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12697448", "title": "4 yrs for Gujarat Technological University students to clear tests", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Technological University (GTU) has asked students of ME and MPharm to complete their PG degrees in maximum four years. These courses are of two year duration.GTU has also said students of BE, BPharm and other four year graduation courses need pass all their exams, including remedial tests, in maximum eight years.If the students are unable to clear their exams in double the time allowed to complete graduate and post graduate degree courses, their registrations will be cancelled. This decision has been taken to force the students to take their academics seriously and prepare well to clear their degree and post-graduate exams, officials said.They said the decision has also been taken to give the GTU a breather from having to conduct remedial exams constantly for those students who lagged behind for years.Earlier, Gujarat University (GU) too had decided that students pursuing Phd should complete their thesis in four years. They will be given an extension of six months after which their registrations will be cancelled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12698115", "title": "Couple among 3 held for murder", "text": "COIMBATORE: Three people, including a couple, have been arrested for the March 25 murder of a 29-year-old woman near the Eswaran temple in Tirupur on March 25. The accused were identified as P Prabhu (31) of Thavittupalayam in Karur district, his wife P Rekha (25) and his friend R Vijayakumar (32) of Angeripalayam in Tirupur.On March 23, M Shanthi of Thittampalayampudur in Tirupur was found missing and her husband Manimaran (42) lodged a complaint with the Tirupur north police station the next day. On March 25, Shanthi's body was found in a water container near the Eswaran temple in Tirupur by a few locals.Police, who were initially groping in the dark, slowly began piecing together the story. Manimaran, who runs a furniture shop, married Shanthi of Bodinaickanur nine years ago and they had one daughter. Manimaran offered furniture under installment plans to customers. Shanthi made the collections.Then, a man named Vijayakumar, seen giving money to Shanthi by some locals, was picked up and he confessed to killing Shanthi with Prabhu and Rekha and taking away eight sovereigns of gold jewels.He said the three met in the first week of March and planned to kill Shanthi. Accordingly, Rekha threw chilli powder in Shanthi's eyes while Vijayakumar held her legs. Prabhu strangled her with her dupatta and later stabbed her with a knife before the body was dumped in a water container and dropped near the temple.\"Prabhu is already facing at least four murder cases in Rasipuram and Namakkal. He got conditional bail and then remained absconding. He came to Tirupur two years ago along with his wife and started living there evading arrest,\" said DSP Rajaram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12700236", "title": "BSNL rebate to subscribers", "text": "BHOPAL: The Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL) will give a rebate of four days in the bill of all the land line telephone users in Bhopal whose phones were affected following the April 13 fire incident.BSNL spokesman Manish Shrivastava said on Monday that the rebate would be given after calculations from the monthly telephone rent of the bill, he added.Meanwhile, Shrivastava said, the cause of the fire was short circuit that took place in the transmission room of the city exchange. Air conditioners were installed in the room and were functioning when the mishap occurred, he said.He said that repair work in the exchange was still on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12697919", "title": "Two students run over by tanker", "text": "NAGPUR: Two engineering students heading home after their exams were killed when their new scooter came under the rear wheels of a tanker on a narrow one-way road near Hudkeshwar Khurd village on the Outer Ring Road overbridge on Monday afternoon.Ajay Dharmik (18) and Bhushan Aloney (20) were first rushed to a private hospital and then to GMCH where doctors declared them brought dead. Dharmik's father, Gulabrao, owns a pan kiosk while Aloney's father, Ramesh, is a labourer.Interestingly, though the friends of the victims took them to the hospital immediately, it took the police two hours to find the accident spot.\"The injured were rushed to hospital within a few minutes. Their friends coming down the same road spotted them and rushed them to hospital. The hospital staff informed us. We asked the students the spot on phone but they failed to give us the proper location and hence it took us time to reach the spot,\" said API VInod Dighore.Dharmik and Aloney, both first year mechanical engineering students, had their first paper on Monday. Both started off from their college at Godhani near Chikana village on Hudkeshwar road, said police. Initial investigations have revealed that both youths were not wearing helmets.Their vehicle had a temporary registration number. Cops are yet to check the vehicle's papers and the driver's licence. Police said they still do not know who was driving the vehicle.Dighore said they had a tough time finding eyewitnesses to the accident. The tanker was moving ahead of the youths. It was a narrow road and hence the youths were not finding space to overtake the tanker. It seems that the youths were trying to overtake the tanker.\"Since the road's shoulder was covered with gravel and sand, their scooter slipped and the youths came under the wheels,\" said Dighore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12697767", "title": "90 mine owners told to submit complete documents", "text": "PANAJI: The department of mines and geology on Monday directed around 90 mine owners to submit a full set of documents pertaining to the mining leases to streamline the matters concerning mining, transportation and storage of minerals. The department has also asked the Indian Bureau of Mines (IBM) and mines safety to provide all the records related to operational mines in Goa.The department has issued two separate orders on Monday to all mines owners. In the first order the department has asked that authenticated copy of title of concession along with copy of translation in English be duly submitted.\"The documents which are in Portuguese or any vernacular languages should be accompanied by its official translation. Other documents would include plan of TC, survey plan of the lease area with details like survey no. GPS co-ordinates, demarcation plan of lease area under land revenue code,\" said Prassana Acharya, mines directorThe department has also directed to fence the lease area with boundary stones/pillars which can be identified distinctly with TC no and keep only one opening with a gate so that the entry to the lease area can be properly regulated.\"All the documents mentioned above along with other relevant documents including clearances, NOC's, consents issued by various authorities should invariably be submitted within 15 days from Monday along with a soft copy thereof,\" said the order\"We have also asked IBM and mines safety to provide records related to the operational mines in the state,\" said Acharya In the second order, as a temporarily measure, the department has decided to obtain daily reports of the ore transported from respective mines and the vehicles in which it is transported.\"You are hereby directed to submit in advance the details of vehicles and ore to be transported on the succeeding day. In case the transportation plan is changed at the last minute, the details are to be sent to our email address the next day.\"\"This system will help the department to easily identify illegal mining transportation,\" said AcharyaMine owners have been asked to submit the following details: registration no. of vehicle/barge, date of registration of vehicles/barges, make of vehicle/barge, carrying capacity of vehicle/barge, quantity of ore loaded in vehicle/barge, grade of ore, royalty challan no, date of payment of royalty of the ore proposed to be transported and destination of the ore The mining department has also received around 150 applications from mining traders for renewal of mining trading licences. \"I have directed my staff to begin verifying the documents submitted by the mining traders,\" said Acharya. The department has suspended 460 mining traders licences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12698066", "title": "Old sewerage lines not being replaced", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) not replacing old sewerage pipelines has become one of the major reasons for contaminated drinking water supply in the Walled City.Despite several complaints by the councilors and residents, the JMC is unable to replace the old sewerage lines due to financial crisis.Ward number 56 councilor, Kailash Naveriya said, \"In the past 10 days, the leakage in the sewerage line has polluted drinking water three times in my ward. Even after repairing the lines, the water is still contaminated. After many residents in the area fell sick, people have stopped drinking water supply from the pipeline.\" He added, \"The state government and the JMC should figure out some permanent solution as it has put many lives at risk.\"A senior JMC official said, \"Since the project is worth over Rs 300 crore, a proposal has been sent to the state government for financial assistance. The state government has also sent it to the Centre to seek funds under the Jawaharlal Nehru Urban Renewal Mission. But, the state has not received the funds yet. The project is pending for more than three years.\" He added, \"We take immediate action on the complaints and wherever the water is polluted due to leakage of sewer line, we cut the supply and change the water pipeline.\"Explaining the contamination process, experts said the old sewer pipelines are laid down along with water pipelines. An overflow in the sewer lines and breakage in the drinking water pipelines causes contamination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "karimnagar/warangal", "code": "12696527", "title": "Prajapatham faces heat over water crisis", "text": "KARIMNAGAR/WARANGAL: The preventive arrests of Telangana Rashtra Samiti (TRS) leaders and activists ensured that the first day of Prajapatham in Cherial mandal passed off peacefully on Monday. But the programme saw protests by womenfolk at other venues in Karimnagar and Warangal districts.According to sources, more than 500 pro-Telangana activists were taken into custody in Cherial and Bachannapet mandals and released only upon completion of Day I of Prajapatham.IT minister Ponnala Lakshmaiah launched the programme in Guruvannapet village by unveiling a statue of BR Ambedkar. He later held a session with locals where the latter were given an opportunity to air their grievances.At Hanamkonda mandal's Shayampet, Warangal municipal commissioner Vivek Yadav faced the ire of some women who cornered him over broken promises and the acute shortage of drinking water on the outskirts of the city.Ruling party chief whip and Bhupalapally MLA G Venkataramana Reddy also got a taste of Telangana ire during the Prajapatham meeting at Parlapally and Raghavareddypeta of Mogullapally mandal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12696962", "title": "Insiders fear Sai Pratap may say bye to Congress?", "text": "HYDERABAD: Is six-time Lok Sabha member and former Union minister A Sai Pratap inching towards YSR Congress? Sai Pratap's decision to not get involved in the upcoming byelections in the three Assembly constituencies in his Rajampet Parliamentary constituency is being interpreted within state Congress circles as the first step in his eventual defection to YSR Congress.Sai Pratap, a Balija leader and a staunch protege of former chief minister YS Rajasekhara Reddy, has already expressed unhappiness over criticism by some Congress leaders of the YSR regime and threatened to quit the ruling party unless the tirade against his late mentor was halted.Although chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy and PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana have stood by YSR publicly and disapproved any criticism of the ex-CM, some SC and ST leaders have continued to brand him as having been 'anti-Dalit.'In these circumstances, Sai Pratap's decision not to campaign for the Congress in the three Assembly segments within his Kadapa district base has unnerved a party which has already been weakened by factionalism. Health minister DL Ravindra Reddy was the first to distance himself from campaigning for the bypolls saying that he was unhappy with Kiran Kumar Reddy's style of functioning.There is a fear in Congress circles that without the active presence of Sai Pratap, the Balijas, who are numerically the single-largest community in at least two of the three constituencies in question, will switch allegiances to Telugu Desam Party .Sai Pratap, however, said that he was not thinking of leaving Congress. However, the former Union minister claimed that there were indeed some forces within the party who are working to see him out.\"I will quit the party and retire from politics if I am asked to speak against YSR. I will not participate in YSR-bashing and Jagan-bashing as means to garner votes,\" Sai Pratap said. He acknowledged that Balijas in Rajampet Assembly constituency were unhappy with the Congress for not having given a ticket to a member from their community. Meda Mallikarjuna Reddy is tipped to get the Congress ticket from Rajampet and has already begun campaigning for the bypolls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12697965", "title": "Mamata Banerjee seeks Centre's help to tackle cyber crime", "text": "NEW DELHI: At a time when her government is trying hard to justify police action on a university professor for circulating an anti-Mamata cartoon, the Bengal chief minister asked the Centre for more help to deal with cyber crimes.Raising the issue of cyber crime, which according to her, is on the rise and is an internal security threat, Mamata in her speech said the Centre \"should take concerted action\" to prevent it. It was read out by her finance minister Amit Mitra at the CMs' meet on internal security in New Delhi on Monday. Mamata Banerjee's speech was read out by the state's finance minister Amit Mitra, as shewas unable to attend the meet.At a time when the West Bengal government has drawn flak from civil society members and rivals for cracking down on a professor in Kolkata for forwarding emails with cartoons of the CM and her party colleagues, Banerjee's stress on the need to curb cyber crimes is being viewed as her intent to harden her stand against netizens and on free expression on the net.\"I would like to speak about cyber-crime which is increasing all over the country. A dedicated Cell for this purpose is functioning under the control of DGP, CID. A cyber police station has been set up in Kolkata and a cyber lab has also been set up... The ministry of communications and information technology in association with the ministry of home affairs should take concerted action in prevention of cyber crimes, which may greatly disturb the internal security of the country,\" Mitra read out from Mamata's speech.While cyber crime has been part of the Centre's internal security agenda,The Bengal CM's highlighting the issue at Monday's meeting assumes a different dimension in the backdrop of the JU professor's arrest for circulating a cortoonsharing of cartoons against the CM and her party colleagues with his friends ,on the net.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "12697909", "title": "Nerala lift irrigation scheme to start from November", "text": "BHANDARA: State water resources minister Sunil Tatkare announced that Nerala lift irrigation scheme will start operating from November this year and 27,000 hectares in its command area will be irrigated from next season. The minister also said that the water level in Gosikhurd dam will be raised up to 242 metres. Tatkare visited Gosikhurd project, Lower Chulband project, Dhapewada project and Bawanthadi inter state irrigation project.\"Rehabilitation issue is a big concern. Till date Rs 330 crore has been spent on rehabilitation of project affected persons (PAPs). Problems of six villages which lie in submergence area is being be sorted out,\" Tatkare said.\"Rs 28 crore package has been given to Bawanthadi PAPs. The project is nearing completion and irrigation will begin from next Rabi season,\" Tatkare said, praising the efforts of Bhandara collector who successfully implemented the rehabilitation package.Similarly Lower Chulband project will be completed in two years which will irrigate 7,000 acre, he said. About Karachkheda lift irrigation scheme, which was inaugurated by NCP supremo Sharad Pawar three years ago, Tatkare said that forest clearance is awaited. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12701281", "title": "Bend it like Beckham", "text": "Soccer fans across Mumbai have reason to rejoice as Manchester United Soccer Schools begins its training programmes this summer. Shashank Venkat reportsDream about being the next Christiano Ronaldo or Lionel Messi? Or wearing the Man U red or Chelsea blue? Manchester United Soccer Schools (MUSS), the first ever India-based school of the elite EPL football team, Manchester United, presents an opportunity to kick start your dream.As school children take a break from academics this summer, the school will give these young soccer players a chance to train under certified Man U coaches following the latest MUSS curriculum.The one and two-week summer courses begin from April 23. The one-week programme will comprise of practical training while the two-week programme, apart from training, will also focus on theory, lifestyle and nutrition. The sessions are open to those in the age group 6-22 years. The fee for the one-week course is Rs 12,600 whereas the two-week programme is priced at Rs 22, 600.Partnering with the Western India Football Association (WIFA), MUSS conducts training sessions at the Cooperage football ground since January 30. \"Many football fans have been waiting for such an opportunity. Kids are enthusiastic about the game and looking at the response to the set up and the programme, I am sure they are extremely happy to be a part of MUSS,\" said MUSS head coach, Chris O'Brien.Talking about the buzz linked with one of the most popular clubs in India, Mukul Choudhari, director-academy, MUSS says, \"We are a global club and want to take the ManU experience to the grassroots of India. The consumption of EPL is huge in India, we have a large percentage of followers here. In fact, we have young players coming from all over India to train with our coaches.\"WIFA will also hand over 100 scholarships to deserving children who will get a chance to participate in the MUSS programmes. The Association is also planning outreach programmes in different districts of the state to increase the standard of football.Speaking about the programme, 13-year-old Mark D'Costa from St John the Baptist School, who is part of the current batch of participants, says, \"The programme has really helped hone my football skills. The coaches are very friendly and it is a great experience to learn from them.\" Eleven-year-old Miraj Patel from Bombay Scottish School agrees, \"This course has taught me many tricks of the game. My playing has improved greatly and I feel a difference already.\"The training is being conducted on an artificial turf laid out on the ground according to FIFA standards. Apart from learning to play the 'United' way, those taking the course will also get exclusive MUSS merchandise along with a chance to represent MUSS in Old Trafford.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12697146", "title": "No guidelines for choosing vice-chancellor: Panel", "text": "CHANDIGARH: While various permutations are being worked out by those eyeing the post of vice-chancellor of Panjab University, who are approaching people in the Centre and the power circles in Punjab, the activity of the expert committee appointed by the university's chancellor and vice-president of India, Hamid Ansari , to select the next VC, has been put on hold.Asked if there are any guidelines for the selection of the VC, the expert committee members said that it is purely the choice and discretion of the panel members and there are no guidelines for it. I S Chadha, a nominated PU senate member and a retired Indian Foreign Services officer said, \"There are no guidelines for selection process but of course VC has to be someone with strong credentials. That is sole criterion for panel members.\"For now, the activity of this panel has come to a halt following a letter from the chancellor's office to do so.TOI takes a look at the members of the expert committee.Justice (Retd) Leila SethThe first woman judge of the Delhi High Court, who later became the chief justice of Himachal Pradesh in 1991, she is the mother of author Vikram Seth . Born in Lucknow in 1930, Seth has strong credentials and was the first woman to top the bar exams in London in 1958.Dr Palle Rama RaoFormer vice-chancellor of Hyderabad University and a reputed scientist, he did his doctorate in Physics Metallurgy from Banaras Hindu University (BHU) and later completed post- doctoral research from University of Pennsylvania . He is also the recipient of the prestigious Padma Shri and Padma Bhushan awards.I S ChadhaA retired Indian Foreign Services officer who was ambassador to the United Nations from 1990-91 and high commissioner to Bangladesh from 1985-89, he is also a nominated Panjab University senate member (2008-2012).However, when he got up to speak at the last senate meeting at PU on March 3, there was an uproar with several senators saying that anybody associated with PU could not be a part of the expert panel selecting the new VC. The letter from chancellor Hamid Ansari, putting the selection process on hold is believed to be a fall-out of this issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12696975", "title": "High court starts hearing appeals against conviction in Katara case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court has begun hearing appeals of the Nitish Katara murder convicts, Vikas Yadav, son of former MP D P Yadav, Vishal Yadav and hired killer Sukhdev Pehalwan, who are serving life term in Tihar.Vikas'counsel U R Lalit began the argument by contending that the prosecution needed to establish its \"last-seen evidence\" about the victim at the wedding venue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12700660", "title": "UP Lokayukta seeks details of BSP leader Nasimuddin Siddiqui's son's companies", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh Lokayukta retired Justice N K Malhotra has sought details of the companies of Nasimuddin Siddiqui's son Afzal Siddiqui from the Registrar of Companies in Kanpur and Delhi.Afzal, against whom complaints of land-grabbing in Amroha are pending has so far not replied to the Lokayukta despite reminders, official sources said on Tuesday.Taking the matter seriously, Malhotra had yesterday asked registrars of both Kanpur and Delhi to provide information regarding his companies AQ Frozen Foods and Al Nafis Frozen Foods, a multi-national meat supplying company in which he has stakes, within 10 days.After getting the details about the companies owned or shared by Afzal, the case against him could be disposed off by Lokayukta, sources said as his illegal occupation of the land in Amroha has already been substantiated by tehsil and district authorities.Afzal, who was given time till April 16 to file his reply, did not turn up saying that he was appearing in LLB examinations.Earlier, he had not replied on pretext that he was busy with the election campaign of Bahujan Samaj Party in Bundelkhand region.Afzal's father Naseemuddin is considered close to BSP supremo Mayawati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12698137", "title": "Maternity homes in Madurai in dire straits", "text": "MADURAI: Government maternity homes in the city limits that cater to many people, mainly the poor, are in dire straits, lacking adequate staff and other facilities. There are 19 such maternity homes in Madurai corporation limits in areas such as South Gate, Munichalai, Simmakkal, Anupanadi and Sundarajapuram.Situated in thickly populated areas where poor people live in large numbers, these maternity homes are involved in the vital function of performing deliveries and medical care for expecting mothers. However, prolonged apathy by the government has left them in very poor condition with many such homes even lacking basic facilities such as drinking water and toilets. Other issues haunting maternity homes are lack of medical and sanitation staff. Due to lack of medical staff, one doctor attends to three maternity homes in a day and out of six nursing staff required per home, there are just two. In many of these maternity homes, sanitation facilities are a real concern due to lack of sanitary workers.Hospital staff from South Gate said they were attending to 67 delivery cases in a month a few years ago, but it has reduced to just 20 a month. \"We are attending to minor cases at present since we are not able to cater to many patients due to lack of staff. We refer the cases to the Government Rajaji Hospital. Even sending the patients to GRH is a concern since there is no ambulance facility. We ask relatives to organise an ambulance to ferry patients to GRH,\" said a maternity home staff under anonymity.Taking up the cause, All India Democratic Women Association (AIDWA), Madurai urban district, submitted a petition to the district administration seeking immediate intervention from the government. The association pointed out a serious concern of performing deliveries in candlelight during power cuts since the maternity homes are not provided with generators.P Devi, district president, said that during power outage, the hospital staff are forced to perform deliveries in candlelight which may cause serious harm to the lives of patients.\"Every month, 15 to 20 deliveries are performed per maternity home. Hence we are urging the corporation to provide generators to the hospitals considering the plight of poor people,\" she said.AIDWA had also conducted a detailed study on all these homes pointing out the lack of facilities in every home. \"The maternity homes do not have adequate ambulances. Pregnant women have to be rushed to GRH during emergencies. There should be an integrated ambulance facility covering all these 19 homes,\" Devi said. Upon receiving the petition, district collector U Sagayam promised that he would direct the petition to the corporation officials and take necessary action.When contacted, city health officer V Subramanian said there were 15 vacancies for medical staff. \"We sought government action for the appointment of medical staff through the commissioner of municipal administration and it is under process,\" he said. He said they had also received the petition on providing generators to maternity homes and that the engineering section of the corporation was working on that.\"At present, there is one ambulance for the maternity homes and the council has approved the proposal to buy one more ambulance. We will take action to provide basic facilities to maternity homes,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12698101", "title": "Work in full swing on Rs 2cr Magadh University auditorium", "text": "PATNA: Construction work on the state-of-art auditorium is going on in full swing on the sprawling Magadh University (MU) campus at Bodh Gaya. This project will be completed at an estimated cost of about Rs 2 crore.MU officiating VC Arun Kumar said the auditorium, having a sitting capacity of 560, would facilitate holding of national seminars, conferences and meetings. \"Efforts are on to complete it on a priority basis. Special care is being taken to maintain quality of work,\" he said.Degree examinationThe acting VC said the varsity's degree-level examinations would start on April 21 and be completed by May-end. The programme has been chalked out and it would be published in newspapers soon. Besides, vocational course examinations would also commence this month, Kumar said.A N College buildingsA N College will have a separate administrative block by October-end this year. The building is being built at a cost of Rs 1.5 crore, for which the state government has provided funds, said college principal, Haridwar Singh.The construction of a girls' hostel to accommodate about 150 girls under a UGC scheme is in final stages. Besides, the college is also building a spacious 'Golden Jubilee Bhawan' on the college campus to house different departments.These two buildings would be completed by the end of this year, Singh said.MBA and MCA coursesB S College, Danapur, has finally got approval from Magadh University to start postgraduate courses in MBA and MCA from July this year, said college principal Praveen Kumar , adding there would be 60 seats each in these two courses.New coordinatorThe head of department of English, B D College, U K Singh, has been appointed the coordinator of Bachelor of Computer Application (BCA) by the MU VC.Charges deniedFormer principal of College of Commerce, P K Verma has denied his involvement in any financial irregularities as director of vocational courses at College of Commerce during his 12-month tenure from July 2010 to August 1, 2011. He demanded an impartial probe into the charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12698232", "title": "ITIR meet could push land acquisition", "text": "BANGALORE: The high-powered committee meeting headed by cabinet secretary Ajit Kumar Seth to decide on Karnataka's proposal for an Information Technology Investment Region (ITIR) in Bangalore would speed up land acquisition.The meeting on Wednesday is likely to consider granting in-principle approval to the project, which has been cleared by the department of electronics and IT. Besides it, 16 other departments in the Union government have reportedly cleared the project.\"The state government has proposed setting up of an ITIR over 10,000 acres on 42.51 sqkm with an estimated investment of Rs 90,000 crore in two phases. While 65% of the area will have processing facility, the rest is expected to have basic infrastructure like schools, hospitals and malls,\" Harikumar Jha, managing director, Karnataka State Electronics Development Corporation (Keonics), the nodal agency on ITIR, told TOI.In the 25-year programme, the first phase is expected to be developed in five years on 3,000 acres. After both Houses of the legislature passed the bill, the Karnataka Information Technology Investment Region Act, 2010 was enacted in July 2010. The state-owned Karnataka Industrial Areas Development Board (KIADB) issued a preliminary notification for acquisition of 2,072 acres for Phase I.For project implementation, two committees have been formed -- the state-level empowered committee headed by the chief minister and the management board headed by minister in-charge of IT &amp; BT.The region will have investment in IT parks, R&D; centres, integrated townships, electronic hardware manufacturing unit and facilities along with associated services and infrastructure. \"The region will also have SEZs, industrial parks, free trade and warehousing zones and export-oriented units among others,\" Jha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12696422", "title": "Non-UPA CMs join hands to fight 'overbearing' Centre", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indicating increasing coordination among non-UPA parties on federal issues, Gujarat and Odisha CMs Narendra Modi and Naveen Patnaik met Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalitha in a development that could prepare the ground for fielding a presidential candidate.The three leaders met on a day when they, along with other non-UPA CMs, launched a blistering attack on the Congress-led UPA at a meeting on internal security, accusing the Centre of meddling in states' affairs by seeking to arm the National Counter-Terrorism Centre with police powers and proposing intrusive changes in the Border Security Force Act.The three CMs were not together for long, but the deliberate media exposure of the interaction at Tamil Nadu Bhawan pointed to a political subtext beyond a meeting of minds on opposing the Centre over initiatives seen to be an intrusion on the turf of the states.Sources said while the discussions on Monday centred on the need to prevent the Centre from pushing through proposals giving intelligence outfits nationwide search and seizure powers and oppose \"misuse\" of central agencies, the likelihood of cooperation on the forthcoming presidential election is on the cards.The leaders agreed to continue their cooperation on federal issues and this could build up into a shared strategy on a presidential nominee although much will depend on Congress's choice for Rashtrapatil Bhawan. Congress is aware that it will need the support of parties like SP, BSP and Trinamool and could opt for a nominee who is hard to oppose.Opposing UPA over federal issues provides a ground for regional parties like Patnaik's BJD to interact with BJP while state satraps like Jayalalitha, West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee and Bihar CM Nitish Kumar are in touch over the past few months, beginning with the chorus against the Lokpal bill's lokayukta provisions during last year's winter session of Parliament.The Tamil Nadu CM enjoys a good equation with Modi and Jayalalitha's recent meeting with leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley is also seen in the context of an anti-Congress grouping. Patnaik was careful in maintaining his meeting was in the nature of a courtesy and Modi offered no comment, but AIADMK sources said the Centre's \"attack on federalism\" was discussed.Earlier in the day, Modi delivered a hard-hitting speech at the conference on internal security convened by home minister P Chidambaram, saying the NCTC controversy was part of a \"series of unsavory episodes\" and the Centre is \"meddling with subjects under the state list.\"Jayalalithaa went a step further to say that states were ``glorified municipal corporations'' in the Centre's view. The tough talk saw Rajasthan CM Ashok Gehlot criticize the opposition CMs for trying to gain \"cheap popularity\" during a serious discussion on internal security. The Congress spokesperson dismissed questions on a \"fourth front\" as a mirage.Both Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Chidambaram sought to avoid stepping on corns by emphasizing and accepting the need for the Centre to work with the states. But the diplomatic approach did not prevent non-UPA CMs from hitting out at the Centre.The three CMs received support from their counterparts from Chhattisgarh , Madhya Pradesh , West Bengal and Bihar Jayalalithaa warned against an \"emerging pattern\" wherein the state's powers are \"abrogated\" by the Centre through passage of bills and accused it of showing \"scant respect\" for state governments. She added that the lack of consultation with states and failure to take states in to confidence was a \"cogent commentary'' on the system of governance in the Centre.Modi accused the Centre of creating a \"state within state\" by bringing amendments to RPF and BSF Acts that take away powers from the state police. He also raised apprehensions about the mistrust between the government and the army asking the Centre to clear the \"fog''.Modi took exception to the Centre's claim that 97% of intelligence had been generated by the Multi-Agency Centre and only 3% had been contributed by states, sarcastically asking whether the responsibility for the inputs would be accepted in a similar proportion. He ran down central inputs that sent state agencies on wild goose chases.In his address, Patnaik sought urgent consultations between the Centre and the states over issues like the NCTC, saying any delay would affect handling of law and order. He referred to the ongoing hostage crisis in the state saying that the delay in discussing NCTC had been dangerous.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "12699537", "title": "Cheats intoxicate farmer's family, take away valuables", "text": "BAHRAICH: Three persons came to the house of Balak Ram Verma, a farmer, in Mehri village, situated under the jurisdiction of Hardi police on Monday morning and introduced themselves as utensil traders.They gained the confidence of the farmer's family members, mixed intoxicants in the food and served it to the victims. After consuming the food, all the members of Verma's family got fainted. The three miscreants took away the valuables kept in the house.The police said that seven members of the family are still undergoing treatment in the district hospital.A woman victim gained consciousness and told the police about the sequence of events.The incident came to light when the neighbours noticed unusual calm in Varma's house. They went inside and found all the family members lying fainted and household items lying scattered. The neighbors informed the police. The victims were admitted at the district hospital. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12697688", "title": "Goa Board executive council meets, no decision over paper 'error' yet", "text": "PANAJI: The executive council of the Goa Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education met on Monday in connection with the Class X mathematics question paper, where it is being debated by two committees of the Board on whether or not there was an error in the question paper. The Board, however, is yet to announce the decision reached at the meeting.On Monday, members from Goa Board's scrutiny committee and the board of studies met face-to-face to resolve the issue and also to decide if all students who have appeared for the exam should be awarded seven marks for the \"errors\".A panel of maths experts, comprising teachers who have been teaching the subject for 25 years and more, were called for a consultation at the meeting held on Monday morning.Following the meeting, the executive council of the Board met immediately in the afternoon to carry the discussion forward.Goa Board's acting chairperson Farell Furtado said, \"After the meeting in the morning, the executive council met. We have decided to do whatever is in the best interest of the students.\"The Goa Board scrutinizer, who is the first to open the sealed question papers before their distribution for the Class X public exam to centers across Goa, had written in his report that two mistakes were found in the maths question paper. The report said that, in the maths paper held on April 9, one question was out of syllabus, while the other had a printing mistake.Some students while answering the exams had also complained to their respective supervisors that they suspected that there were errors in the question paper. Both questions together are worth seven marks.Goa Board officials found substance in the students' complaints after referring to the scrutinizer's report, and on verifying the claims independently from a few mathematics teachers. The Board was preparing to call an executive council meeting to decide on the award of the seven marks to all students on account of the \"error\".However, some members from the board of studies objected and said that there had been no mistakes in the paper. They claimed that the questions were framed in a way that would challenge the students and test their application of knowledge and therefore many students who could not solve the problems mistook it for an error.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12701261", "title": "I'm completely shameless, says Devraj Sanyal", "text": "They've been on the Indian music scene for the better part of 20 years which is why, Devraj Sanyal, lead singer of Brahma (and, incidentally, the managing director for Universal Music India) is qualified to comment on the change he has witnessed in Indian music over the past two decades. And the biggest change is in the number and diversity of international acts that are coming to take the stage in Indian cities.It isn't just the stalwarts of rock like Pink Floyd , Aerosmith and the Scorpions who come to cities like Bangalore to give music lovers a taste of their live acts; international DJs like David Guetta and Fatboy Slim , as well as mainstream musicians like the Black Eyed Peas, have all found their way to India. \"From a consumption pattern, basic sub-fragmented music listenership is going up. The pie is increasing, newer and newer subgroups are increasing -- and all of that is good,\" says Devraj.\"I remember a city like Bangalore in the late 80s, early 90s; the mid-90s and the ealy 20s, and late 20s. In the late 80s -- it was a far more semi-cultured sort of listening, far more sober. If you went to concert, headbanging was part of it. Everyone more or less liked a certain genre, from very hard rock to semi-heavy metal. In the early 20s, the sort of metal that made no sense emerged -- you couldn't make out lyrics, couldn't make out the riffs -- the new-generation kids move in that that segment. As we crossed two decades of music, we saw both these subgroups merge. The new generation listens to Linkin Park , Metallica , Megadeath, Limp Bizkit , and strange black metal bands from Sweden,\"he adds.Another thing that has changed is the approach new bands are taking to get themselves out there, mainly by playing original music as opposed to covers. \"We played a lot of covers for almost the first decade we were in the business. By the early 20s, we realized that the spurt of original music was being appreciated. By the middle of 1996, we were doing 50% covers, 50% originals in our sets; by 2005, 14-15 songs were originals in our sets. But we're not embarrassed by anyone's music -- to me, music is music, no matter who the author is,\" says Devraj.Like most musicians in India, Devraj has a day job. How does he manage to juggling his job and the band? \"It doesn't really matter because all gigs are on the weekend. I'll work a five-day week and then catch a flight out to a gig. I'm also very shameless. There have been times when the band is playing the first song onstage, and my car is pulling into the lot. Then I take off my suit, wear my black T-shirt and come onstage,\" he laughs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12696951", "title": "Ruling party draws flak over broken promises", "text": "HYDERABAD: Residents of Khairatabad and Jubilee Hills on Monday boycotted Prajapatham - the state government's mass contact programme - on the grounds that several promises made by it earlier remain unfulfilled.Corporator and Congressman Shaik Shareef requested labour minister Danam Nagender, who was supposed to launch the Prajapatham programme in MS Maktha, not to visit the area after gauging the mood among the locals which was distinctly one of unhappiness with the ruling party.\"Promises made as regards the regularisation of housing sites and the shifting of a high-tension line, which came in 2006, are yet to be fulfilled,\" Shaik Shareef told TOI. The mass meeting in Jubilee Hills was boycotted over unfulfilled requests for a mini-bus service, a police station in SPR Hills, an eSeva centre and a post office made as a part of the Rachchabanda programme.\"Around 300 locals gathered at Rahathnagar and declared that they were boycotting the meeting,\" said an offical . According to the schedule, the programme was to cover all 15 Assembly constituencies in the city but was held only for the Bahadurpura, Yakutpura, Chandrayangutta, Amberpet, Jubilee Hills and Khairatabad Assembly constituencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12700649", "title": "Dileep is still so down-to-earth: Samvritha Sunil", "text": "Call it co-incidence, but all the three times Samvritha Sunil has paired up with superstar Dileep, there has been a gap of four years each between each film.Samvritha, who started her filmi innings starring with the actor in director Lal Jose's Rasikan years ago, has her third film with him lined up for release. \"While in Rasikan, I played a village belle to the rural guy Dileep played, in Shyamaprasad's Arike, I play a new generation girl called Kalpana, who is as vibrant and smart as can be. This is the first time in my career that I'm playing such a bubbly character,\" says Samvritha.So how different is the Dileep with whom she started out and the superstar of today? \"He has been so down-to-earth all the time. Stardom hasn't brought any change in him. He is a wonderful co-star,\" says Samvritha. \"For the first time in Mollywood, we have experimented with sync sound recording in Arike and the dialogues were recorded on the spot at the time of the shoot. Dileep was as curious and excited as any of us and took great effort to perfect his sound and act, without throwing any airs. Such things, especially from a superstar, are really commendable,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12698412", "title": "'Frame budget norms for pedestrians' needs'", "text": "PUNE: For footpaths to become walkable, pedestrians' issues should be well understood, Parisar, the city-based NGO working for sustainable urban transport has said.The Urban Development Department (UDD) had directed Pune Municipal Corporation on April 8 to make footpaths walkable within a month.Parisar's letter to state additional chief secretary T C Benjamin wants the UDD to issue guidelines to civic bodies to allocate adequate budget for improving footpaths, cycle tracks, and junctions.\"These improvements cannot be undertaken unless the city allocates adequate budget for maintenance, design, surveys, capacity building/training and public awareness campaigns. Civic bodies are very reluctant to allocate resources for these purposes and prefer to allocate funds for infrastructure projects. We hope the UDD will issue some guidelines,\" the letter said.The NGO insisted that the roads be redesigned. \"At present roads are built from the centre outwards with little or no attention to the edges. It is here that most over ground utilities like streetlight poles, signages, hoardings, garbage containers, DP boxes, traffic signal poles, bus stops, trees and overgrown bushes create obstacles making it impossible to walk. Proper space utilities must be built into the design while ensuring that 1.5 - 2 m of unobstructed space is left for pedestrians,\" the letter said.Roads must cater to the needs of many users and many uses__ pedestrians, cyclists, motorists, public transport users, street hawkers and vendors, parking, and street utilities and furniture. This requires a comprehensive street-design manual. Such guidelines have already been approved by Delhi government and Pune is in the process of drafting them, the NGO said.Parisar's programme director Ranjit Gadgil said the PMC's decision to repair footpaths and remove encroachments within a month is a good initiative. \"However, we feel that urban designers should be hired by the PMC for better, in-depth planning of public urban spaces. An in-house urban designer would look into detailed designing of every urban space,\" he said.Ward officers are responsible for everyday maintenance of footpaths, but a centralized body that can coordinate the activities of various departments connected with non-motorized transport (walking and cycling) is necessary.Such a cell would ensure the development of street design guidelines, ensure compliance, undertake capacity building and awareness campaigns and respond to public complaints. Pune has already created such a cell which other municipal bodies must have, the NGO said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12696452", "title": "Govt bans use of live animals for education, research", "text": "MUMBAI: The Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) has banned the use of live animals in dissection and other experiments in educational and research institutions. But scientists conducting new molecular research will be exempted from the ban.Based on the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act (1960), the MoEF has issued guidelines to the University Grants Commission, ministry of health and family welfare, Pharmacy Council of India and the Medical Council of India to discontinue dissection and experiments with live animals in universities, colleges, research institutes, hospitals, laboratories and instead use alternatives like computer simulation.The MoEF says that the central government is duty-bound to use alternatives to avoid unnecessary suffering or pain to animals.It states that effective alternatives in the form of CDs, computer simulations and mannequin models are available; they are not only effective as absolute replacements for animals in teaching anatomy or physiology but are also superior learning tools in teaching of pharmacy or life sciences.The guidelines were framed based on the duties of the Committee for the Purpose of Control and Supervision of Experiments and Animals (CPCSEA), which has been constituted under the provisions of Section 15 of the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act (1960).The committee comprises seven nominees - three nominees appointed by CPCSEA and the rem-aining four from educa-tional institutes.\"The animal experiments should be stopped in all institutes except for the purpose of new molecular research. Sometimes, in laboratories, a lot of work is repeated and animals become unnecessary victims. Only scientists researching on a new molecular theory can experiment on animals. In medical and pharmacy colleges, there is unwanted cruelty towards animals which can be avoided. These guidelines mention imprisonment for five years and monetary penalty,\" said Mangal Jain, a nominee of the Institutional Animal Ethics Committee (IAEC), which is appointed by CPCSEA.Hoshang Bilimoria, also a nominee appointed by the CPCSEA, said the guidelines were a welcome change.\"CPCSEA should give the nominees the power to inspect animals housed in educational institutes, experimentation centres or technical laboratories without prior intimation to the institutes. Cross-checks should also be maintained through other members,\" said Bilimoria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "malegaon", "code": "12697792", "title": "Malegaon civic polls: Big wins for Congress, SP suffers shock defeats", "text": "Malegaon: Registering a sensational victory in a neck-and-neck fight, the Indian National Congress party emerged as the single-largest party, though short of a clear majority, in the Malegaon Municipal Corporation (MMC) elections, the results of which were announced on Monday, a day after polls.Though the Congress fell short of the absolute majority needed to rule the corporation on its own, it won 25 seats out of the total 65 seats it had contested for the 80-member civic body. The Congress had received a major setback in the local politics after losing the 2007 corporation and assembly elections to local front Teesra Mahaz. In this election, though second after the Congress in terms of number of seats, Teesra Mahaz won just 19 seats as against 28 it had won in 2007.The most surprising result this election has thrown up is the total rout of the Nehal Ahmed-led Janata Dal (S). The party, which has always been a very important player in local politics, managed to win only four seats - its lowest tally in the more than fifty years of its existence. Worse, Shan-e-Hind, daughter of Ahmed, a sitting corporator and its mayoral candidate, lost from both seats that she had contested. The BJP and Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS), the two parties that had fielded candidates in minority community concentrated areas, could not gain anything from the elections.While the MNS kept intact its tally of two seats, the BJP could not win a single seat in this election as well.Registering major gains, however, are the Shiv Sena (SS) and the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP). While the Shiv Sena increased its tally from seven to 11, the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), which had just two seats in the last body, surprised everyone by winning eight seats.While the prominent winners in the elections are sitting mayor Abdul Malik , Tahira Shaikh Rasheed, Yunus Eisa, Narendra Sonawane, Bulund Iqbal, Salim Gaziyani, Dileep Pawar, Manoj Pawar, Ejaz Baig, Ejaz Omar, Irfan Ali, Jameel Zarwala and Prof Rizwan, the prominent candidates who could not win are Shan-e-Hind, Jyoti Bhosale, Ibrahim National, Rasheed Yeolewala, Sakharam Ghodke and Yaseen Metro.Both blast accused candidates fielded by the Samajwadi Party in the Malegaon Municpal Corporation elections, Zahid A Majeed and Shabbir Masihullah, were routed. They were among those arrested for the 2006 Malegaon blast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12698595", "title": "CAG report to be tabled today", "text": "MUMBAI: The CAG's report for Maharashtra will be tabled in the assembly on Tuesday, said deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar. The House was adjourned amid sloganeering for 45 minutes and there was a further 10-minute adjournment before Pawar made the announcement. Speaker Dilip Walse-Patil said while the timing (of tabling the report) was the government's prerogative, it was his opinion that it should be done at the earliest.When the House assembled for the day, BJP legislator Girish Bapat demanded that the government table the report and lso discuss the revocation of suspension of 14 opposition legislators. Vasant Purke, who was in the speaker's chair, asked members to allow the question hour. However, the opposition members trooped into the well and sat there shouting slogans. The question hour was cancelled.When the House reassembled, Pawar said the state had no intention to withhold the report. \"The governor was out of station and will be back this evening. We will obtain his approval and it (the report) will be tabled in the House latest by tomorrow,'' he said.When the opposition demanded a discussion on the revocation of suspension, Pawar said it would take place but there would be no change in the decision. The House was adjourned for 10 minutes.Industries minister Narayan Rane later said there was no deliberate attempt to delay tabling of the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "12700461", "title": "BJP infighting gains steam", "text": "GARHWA: Infighting in the Garhwa district BJP has been gaining momentum of late with the state working committee of BJP Kisan Morcha member, Pradeep Kemar Chaubey, accusing the district BJP president of not working towards strengthening the party's organization. \"The party has been facing infighting ever since Raghu Raj Pandey was made district president,\" said an insider requesting anonymity.On the other hand, Kisan Morcha Pradesh Karya Samiti member Mukteshwar Pandey, has alleged that the district president had been fanning feud in the party. Annoyed by the functioning of the district president, of total 35 members of the Nagar Untari Mandal (zone) committee, 26 had resigned just a day before the party's foundation day on April 5. Pandey, however, succeeded in wooing 11 of the 26 members, but the rest are still out of the committee, sources said.Pandey said the prevailing infighting in the party is a temporary phenomenon which would soon be sorted out. \"I am trying hard to redress grievances of workers,\" Pandey said.But the fact is that the continuing infighting in the Garhwa district unit of the BJP has been doing damage to the party's image.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12697744", "title": "'Ungentlemanly' treatment for Goa state women's commission at Colva", "text": "MARGAO: A team of the Goa state women's commission (GSWC) led by its chairperson Ezilda Sapeco visited the Colva police station on Monday to inquire into the alleged molestation of two Russian women at Varca earlier this month.On the night of April 3, two Russian women were molested, assaulted and robbed of their gold ornaments and cash at Varca while they were walking to their guest house. The Colva police had registered a case of molestation against unknown persons and offences under Sections 354 (assault or criminal force to a woman with the intent to outrage her modesty), 324 (voluntarily causing hurt by dangerous weapons or means) and 392 (punishment for robbery) of the Indian Penal Code.The police inspector in-charge of the Colva police station was not present when the GSWC team visited the place. As the subordinate staff failed to recognize Sapeco, the GSWC team was not treated with the respect due to it. Speaking to reporters later, Sapeco expressed her disapproval over the conduct of the police personnel at the police station. \"They need to be given adequate training while interacting with those visiting the police station,\" she said.The GSWC team also inquired about the condition of the barracks for policewomen at the Colva police station, sources said. The team later visited the Colva beach and expressed its disapproval over scanty presence of policemen on the beach, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12697571", "title": "Centre, state to fight terror together: PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Faced with strong opposition from non-Congress states on the National Counter-Terrorism Centre (NCTC), the Centre on Monday took a moderate line stressing on coordination with states to tackle the challenges of internal security.Without dwelling on the NCTC issue, PM Manmohan Singh underlined the importance of states' role in fighting terrorism. \"There is no question that the burden of the fight against terrorism falls largely on the states' machinery. The Centre is ready to work with the states to put in place strong and effective institutional mechanisms to tackle this problem,\" he said.Non-Congress CMs including UPA ally Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee , Orissa's Naveen Patnaik , Tamil Nadu's J Jayalalithaa and Gujarat's Narendra Modi had raised objections to the provisions in the NCTC, arguing that it would upset the federal structure and encroach on the powers of the states.The PM warned that threats from terrorism, left wing extremism, religious fundamentalism and ethnic violence persist in the country. \"Like other internal security matters, we need joint and coordinated efforts to deal with the challenge of terrorism, whatever be its origin, whether internal or external, and whatever its motivation,\" Singh said.He added, \"Today, terrorist groups are nimble, more lethal than ever and increasingly networked across frontiers.\"Home minister P Chidambaram also spoke in a similar vein saying there was no conflict between the central and state agencies and they worked together on the ground to deal with terrorists.Recounting data, the home minister said in 2011, 18 terror modules were neutralised and 53 persons arrested and in the first three months of 2012, three modules were neutralised and 11 persons arrested. \"I wish to underline the fact that one-half of the cases were cracked through the joint efforts of the central agencies and state police concerned. This...is the reality. At the operational level, there is no conflict between the central agencies and the state police forces... They work together, consult each other, share intelligence and, when necessary, mount joint operations to apprehend the suspects. In my view, such silent and invisible work of neutralising terrorist modules deserves as much praise as solving the terrorist cases,\" he said.The Centre has recently capitulated to pressure by states and announced a full-day's discussion on the contentious issue of NCTC scheduled for May 5.Referring to the two major terror attacks in 2011 -- the serial blasts in Mumbai in July and the blast near the Delhi High Court in September, the home minister said the \"chilling facts\" were that the principal suspects in the two cases were \"Indian nationals\". They operated across states and many of them had no previous criminal record, the Home Minister said. \"I have to conclude, regretfully, that thanks to radicalisation, there are many Indian groups which have acquired the capacity to carry out terror attacks,\" he said.Chidmabaram said, \"The international border and the Line of Control in the west continue to remain vulnerable. Every week has witnessed attempts to infiltrate into India and new routes appear to have been opened via Nepal and Bangladesh.\"Describing the left-wing extremism (LWE) as the \"most formidable threat\" to the internal security, Chidambaram said the decline in the overall number of casualties among civilians and security forces in LWE-affected districts may give a false sense of assurance, but that is not the true picture.Chidambaram said several urban areas have emerged as new centres of pro-Maoist activities and there was a necessity to find ways and means to blunt the propaganda offensive launched by the CPI(Maoist). \"Two states are very badly affected, four states are affected and three states are within the arc of influence of the CPI(Maoist). Assam has emerged as the new theatre of Maoist activity. There are also inputs about links of CPI(Maoist) with insurgent groups in Manipur and Arunachal Pradesh ,\" he said.Referring to the communal situation in the country, the home minister said though the situation was peaceful and the graph of incidents is declining, yet 91 lives were lost in 2011 and 1908 persons were injured in local communal conflicts. \"The so-called cause was usually trivial, but there were also cases of deliberate provocation. I urge state governments to remain vigilant, impartial and firm,\" he said.Chidambaram said in recent months, the security forces have made bold forays into hitherto forbidden territories such as Saranda forest and Koel-Sankh in Jharkhand and Abujmaad in Chhattisgarh.However, the results remain sub-optimal, especially in areas under the control of area or zonal committees operating in Bihar-Jharkand-North Chhattisgarh , Andhra-Odisha and Dandakaranya, he said, adding that jan adalats and military training camps continue to be held with impunity.\"Still, we do not have the upper hand because there are not enough police stations; not enough men, weapons and vehicles; not enough infrastructure for the central armed police forces; not enough roads; and not enough presence of the civil administration - especially in the health and education sectors,\" he said.Expressing concern over local support received by those arrested in connection with various cases, the home minister said, \"What is a cause of worry, however, is that, in practically every case, a small section of the people springs to the support of persons who are detained for interrogation or arrested and charged\".He said, \"There is no apparent reason for such support other than the affinity of religion or sect. This is a dangerous trend and makes the task of the investigating agencies more difficult.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12697603", "title": "From textiles to textures", "text": "AHMEDABAD: What makes Ajay Kumar Chowdhary's exploration of 'form' different is that he captures it through textures. Textures from textiles! So, be it the many spirals that come together to define the silhouette of the horses, the robes of the Buddha or the silver stenciled motifs in the silent backstage space of the ballet dancers, Chowdhary's exhibition at the Hutheesing Visual Art Centre is about 'Celebrating Form'.\"Being a textile designer we pay a lot of attention to details and patterns. A spiral or any pattern is a micro-form which through a process of repetitions defines a larger form - which then celebrates agony, speed or ecstasy,\" says the artist, a textile designer from National Institute of Design. He goes on to confess his fetish for spirals which he says dictate most of his work.Intricate and well-detailed, the skill of the artist grabs all attention. Using bright colours, Chowdhary's works blend different mediums - stencils, oil on canvas, acrylics, dry pastels and even ad markers!Chowdhary has stumbled upon his subjects in course of his practice and everyday. Art was a method to engage with them to explore his intrigue. Like in Russian ballets, Chowdhary has observed that unlike Indian performing arts which give importance to bhavas through facial expressions, a ballerina explores them through her physical movements. Prolonged ballistic exercises are also reasons why their bodies attain masculine attributes - and this 'form' of both performance and performers is explored by Chowdhary in one of his series.During their visit to Nitivan - the garden in Vrindavan where the Rasleela is claimed to have been performed, the myth in conjunction with the landscape moved him to produce a series on Krishna. The series is also a stylistic exploration. \"The trees, the overgrown roots which merged the background and foreground of the scenery, inspired the overlapping forms of gopikas, cows along with Krishna,\" says Chowdhary, who has already exhibited the series in Pune and Bangalore. The exhibition will now travel to Dubai .Chowdhary along with his wife Monit, a lifestyle and home decor designer in Delhi, have been painting since the past 18 years. \"When working for clients, one is limited by a client's demand and expectations. As an artist one is not bound by any design briefs, but pure self-expression,\" says Chowdhary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12698159", "title": "Couple enslaved in stone quarry released", "text": "TRICHY: A couple from Trichy, kept as slaves in a sand quarry in Pudukkottai, was released after a swift action by the police on Monday.S Thangam (32) and his wife T Chithra (25) of Therkumalai in Trichy were employed as labourers at a stone quarry owned by C Chinnathambi (57) in Palandampatti village, Kulathur taluk, Pudukkottai district. It was alleged that a broker Nari Thangam sold the couple as slaves to the quarry.In this connection, S Renganathan (34) from Therkumalai in Trichy submitted a petition to the district collector Jayashree Muralidharan as well as the superintendent of police, Trichy stating that he and his brother's family had joined the quarry as labourers on April 5, 2012. When they asked for their salary on April 11, Chinnathambi refused to pay them claiming to have paid money in advance to Nari Thangam for their work. He allegedly threatened them with dire consequences and forced them to work for one year.However, they escaped and reached home on the night of April 12. Meanwhile, four persons abducted Thangam's mother, brother and wife to the quarry where they were brutally attacked. Later, they let off Renganathan and his mother on the condition that they pay Rs one lakh in return for his brother and his wife who were kept in their custody.Unable to pay the amount, Renganathan took up the issue with the SP and the collector. Later on Monday, the Thuvagudi police recovered the couple from the quarry.However, police inspector R Madhan said that they were not kept as slaves and that it was a regular practice in the area for brokers to arrange for labourers to work in such quarries. The owners of the quarries would pay the amount in advance for one year for the labourers. In this case, the broker Nari Thangam received Rs 2.20 lakh from Chinnapandi, but he paid Rs 60,000 each to Renganathan and Thangam. However, he took both the parties for a ride and gave a slip to the police. Police said they would initiate action on Tuesday after an inquiry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12697491", "title": "MNS moves HC for fest at Shivaji Park", "text": "MUMBAI: We won't use loudspeakers, MNS has told the Bombay HC while seeking permission to hold a seven-day Marathi food festival at Shivaji Park.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar was hearing an application by corporator Sandeep Deshpande saying it is part of Maharashtra Day celebrations. Deshpande moved HC after the BMC declined permission as \"the area is a silence zone\". Wecom Trust, on whose petition the HC in 2010 had declared the area a silence zone, sought time to reply. The matter has been posted for April 19. -Rosy Sequeira", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12697541", "title": "Ban on dissection: Animals harmed in trial and error", "text": "MUMBAI: The environment ministry has banned the use of live animals for dissection and experiments and said other alternatives were available. They are not only effective as absolute replacements for animals in teaching anatomy or physiology but are also superior learning tools in teaching of pharmacy or life sciences.The guidelines were framed based on the duties of the Committee for the Purpose of Control and Supervision of Experiments and Animals (CPCSEA), constituted under the provisions of Section 15 of the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act (1960). The panel comprises seven nominees; three nominees are appointed by CPCSEA and the remaining four are from educational institutes.\"The experiments should be stopped in all institutes except for the purpose of new molecular research. In laboratories a lot of work is repeated and animals become unnecessary victims. Only scientists researching on a new molecular theory can experiment on animals. In medical and pharmacy colleges, there is unwanted cruelty towards animals which can be avoided. These guidelines mention imprisonment for five years and monetary penalty,\" said Dr Mangal Jain, a nominee of the Institutional Animal Ethics Committee (IAEC) which is appointed by CPCSEA.Hoshang Bilimoria, also a nominee appointed by CPCSEA, said the guidelines were a welcome change. \"CPCSEA should give the nominees the power to inspect animals in educational institutes, experimentation centres or laboratories without prior intimation to the institutes. Cross-checks should be maintained through other members,\" said Bilimoria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12697155", "title": "MCD polls: Delhi votes to make history, verdict today", "text": "NEW DELHI: The fate of 2,423 contestants will be known only by Tuesday evening but the city itself moved up a grade in Sunday's municipal polls by recording a 55% turnout. Notorious for its low \"third division scores\" - in the words of Delhi election commissioner Rakesh Mehta - it showed a dramatic 28.5% improvement from last time's 42.8% turnout to attain 'second division'.While it was the highest ever polling percentage in Delhi's municipal polls, the credit for the performance predictably goes to the unauthorized colonies, slums and rural areas of what will make the new North, South and East corporations. East Delhi, the smallest of the new corporation areas with just 64 of the city's 272 municipal wards, led with 57% polling. At the ward level, the highest turnout was in Harsh Vihar (66%) while the lowest was in Ghondli (39%).The 104 wards of North Delhi Corporation together recorded a poll percentage of 55%. Bakhtawarpur led with a poll percentage of 69% but Saraswati Vihar trailed with 38%.In the south, polling on the whole was an average 53% and the highest poll percentage of 67% was recorded in Chhawla ward followed by Bhati at 66%. The lowest turnout (37%) was registered in Greater Kailash-1.The upscale colonies may have contributed to the overall decline in poll percentage in South Delhi but most colonies improved their record by nearly 10 percentage points, moving from less than 30% to 40%.In the 2007 elections, South Delhi's Pushp Vihar ward had recorded the lowest turnout of 24%. The turnouts in other south Delhi wards were no better with Vasant Vihar recording 27.1%, GK-1 29.8%, Nanakpura 27.2%, Andrews Ganj 27.7% and Munirka 28%. Safdarjung Enclave was a shade better with 32.9%; RK Puram registered 31.5% and Malviya Nagar 37%. Chittaranjan Park recorded 38.7%, Hauz Khas 36% and Lajpat Nagar 38.1%.A higher turnout and the fact that the unauthorized colonies, slums and rural electorates came out in large numbers to cast their vote can spring a surprise on both BJP, which had a majority in the outgoing MCD house, and the Congress. Also, the voting patterns in upscale colonies indicate that there has been some level of mobilisation among the middle and upper middle class voters who are sure to make their presence felt in case of individual candidates from their wards.For chief minister Sheila Dikshit the results are crucial as the Congress went out seeking a vote for the party on the state government's performance and promised to replicate the experience in the municipal governance. For BJP, municipal governance has been its stronghold and a loss could mean a big blow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "12698428", "title": "'Marathwada water situation not alarming'", "text": "AURANGABAD: Except for Latur and Osmanabad district, the drinking water situation in Marathwada was not alarming, say officials. However, the administration was prepared to supply drinking water if situation arises, said deputy divisional commissioner Suraj Mandhre, on Monday.\"To meet with any eventuality the administration has proposed acquisition of wells, bore-wells in different parts of the eight districts of the region, specially the areas found to be prone to scarcity-like situation,'' said Mandhre.He said the situation was bad about two years ago when the administration had to deploy 445 tankers to supply water in different parts of Marathwada. However, last year due to adequate rains, no tankers were pressed into service. This year, a total of 58 tankers have been deployed so far. There was no demand for fodder or fodder-camps, though the administration is prepared to face any eventuality.Water in the major Marathwada dam was available for drinking purpose, though the water level in the irrigation projects has gone down considerably. \"But the situation is manageable for at least two months,'' he said, adding, \"The temperature is high with an average of 38 and 40 degree C or more, but drinking water situation has not hit an alarming level. The region has nine major irrigation projects, 57 medium and 543 small projects.Big projects have recorded 22% of their storage capacity, while medium projects too have recorded 22% of their storage capacity. Situation is not encouraging as far as the small irrigation projects are concerned as put together only 12% of their storage capacity has been achieved.Mandhre said that last year only eight talukas had some problem. However, the overall situation was not that alarming. \"We hope for pre-monsoon showers in May which would bring much needed relief,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12698233", "title": "Three murdered within 12 hours", "text": "BANGALORE: Three persons, including a woman, were murdered in as many incidents within 12 hours since Sunday night. Two murders were reported from Byatarayanapura, off Mysore Road, while the third was in Banaswadi.A couple's brawl over the wife's alleged illicit relationship took a murderous turn when the man bludgeoned her to death in their Kasturinagar residence near Hosakerehalli main road off Byatarayanapura on Sunday night. Lakshmi Venkatesh, 40, a garment employee, was found with her head smashed, police said. Lakshmi's friend Anand visited the place around 8am and spotted her body.Investigation revealed that Anand had an affair with Lakshmi, which Venkatesh opposed. \"On Sunday night, both consumed alcohol. Later, Venkatesh bludgeoned his wife and fled,\" police added.Satish Honnegowda, 32, was hacked to death by six unidentified persons near a chemical godown in Hosakerehalli allegedly over a property dispute early Monday morning. Satish, a resident of Avalahalli BDA park in Girinagar, was a supervisor in the godown. In 2007, he escaped with injuries when a six-member gang attacked him near KG Nagar in Chamarajpet. \"A few accused were released on bail recently and we suspect they attacked him now,\" police said.\"Satish's father Honnegowda owns some land in Brindavan Nagar near Hosakerehalli. Honnegowda's elder brother had approached court seeking ownership,\" they added.Elsewhere, Lawrence Das, 33, a former medical transcriber, was murdered by a stranger following an exchange of words on Sunday night. Beaten on the head with a steel rod, a profusely bleeding Lawrence was shifted to hospital where he succumbed to injuries.An eyewitness, Senthil, told police that near ITC flyover in Maruthi Sevanagar in Banaswadi, he saw Lawrence arguing with two men, one of whom was identified as John. Senthil tried to intervene but John pushed him aside. John hit Lawrence on his head with a steel rod and then attacked Senthil. When a crowd gathered, John and his accomplice fled.Lawrence's father, Das, told police his son had a severe drinking problem. Lawrence's wife had left him a year ago. Lawrence would stay out late after drinking binges. Das also said they didn't know if Lawrence had any enemies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12698648", "title": "Snag disrupts Harbour trains", "text": "Harbour line commuters had to deal with the ordeal of a disruption in train services on Monday when autos stayed off the road to join a morcha. A technical snag in a local train during the morning peak hour at Vadala forced cancellation of 25 services.The pantograph of PLVD-6 Panvel-Vadala Road local got entangled with overhead wires on a cross-over on the tracks at Vadala Road station at 9am, resulting in blocking of platform 2, 3 &amp; 4. The lines were restored at 9.50am. A CR spokesperson said, \"Two services were diverted via mainline and six locals were queued up between Vadala Road and Kurla during this period.\" The effect of the disruption was felt till evening. The official conceded, \"Services in the morning peak hour were 25-30 minutes behind schedule, leading to the bunching of locals on the Harbour line.\"Many had trouble finding a taxi due to the auto strike. Rafique Akhtar, a Vadala resident said, \"I had to wait for almost 45 minutes for cab as there is a shortage of taxis on this stretch. Probably, many had moved to the suburbs to fleece commuters there.\"Karishma Shah, Chunnabhatti resident said, \"Railways can tie-up with cell phone operators who can send alerts as soon as there is a disruption in services. This will reduce inconvenience as commuters now learn of disruptions only after reaching the station.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12698502", "title": "Supercomputer to simulate brain for disease fight", "text": "LONDON: Scientists say they are building a 'human brain' , using the world's most powerful supercomputer that will simulate the entire mind and thus help fight against brain diseases like Alzheimer's.The 'brain' is intended to combine all the information so far uncovered about its mysterious workings - and replicate them on a screen, right down to the level of individual cells and molecules, says an international team behind the project.The scientists hope to complete it within 12 years. If it works it could be revolutionary for understanding devastating neurological diseases such as Alzheimer's and Parkinson's , and even shedding light into how we think, and make decisions, the Daily Mail reported.Switzerland-based Henry Markram, who is leading the team which include UKbased Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, said, \"The complexity of brain, with its billions of interconnected neurons, makes it hard for neuroscientists to truly understand how it works. Simulating it will make it much easier, allowing them to manipulate and measure any aspect of the brain.\"Housed at a facility in Dusseldorf in Germany, the 'brain' will feature thousands of three-dimensional images built around a semicircular 'cockpit' so the scientists can virtually 'fly' around different areas and watch how they communicate with each other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12698051", "title": "Opposition targets government over discom losses", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government on Monday had few answers and explanations as the Opposition raised questions regarding the increasing losses of the state discoms. The matter was raked up by BJP legislator Om Birla during the question hour in the state assembly, wherein he demanded details of the department's feeder repair programme.\"During the BJP rule, Rs 8,000 crore were spent for the repair of feeders, which was one of the main reasons behind the improvement of the power situation in the state. Moreover, while losses of the discoms then were of Rs 11,000 crore, they have now risen to Rs 40,000 crore,'' said Birla, lashing out at the state government for the heavy losses.Power minister Jitendra Singh informed the house that one of the major reasons for the losses were the high subsidies provided by the state government. \"Half of the total 99 lakh electricity connections in the state, are subsidized,'' he said. The minister admitted to the heavy losses of the discoms. \"The loss of Jaipur discom is Rs 11873.23 crore, Ajmer discom's is Rs 12735.45 and that of Jodhpur is Rs 11446.71 crore. Moreover, that of Rajasthan State Electricity Transmission is Rs 1634.57 crore while Generation Corporation Limited's loss is of Rs 553.66 crore. The total losses is coming to over Rs 40,000 crore,'' he said. The minister admitted to state government taking loans to pay off the interest on the existing loans.Birla also questioned the announcement by state government to provide 24 hours single phase and 8 hours (III phase) electricity supply in the state. Referring to CAG report, he claimed that the financial mismanagement of the electricity companies have caused losses to the companies. The BJP legislator also questioned the state government's decision to purchase power from outside at high prices despite the existing financial conditions of the discoms. BJP legislator from Shahpura Rao Rajendra Singh demanded to know if the losses were considered for the discoms or the state government. The minister replied that losses are of companies but it is government's moral responsibility as electricity is for everyone. \"The state government is giving Rs 2500 crore annually to power companies,\" he added.The minister claimed that the government is taking all possible measures to curb losses and to ensure that the state's power generation is not affected. He added that the state was also promoting solar and wind energy as an alternative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "ghaziabad/gurgaon", "code": "12697381", "title": "Extortion racket busted in Bhondsi jail", "text": "GHAZIABAD/GURGAON: The Ghaziabad police on Monday claimed to have busted an extortion racket being run from a jail in Gurgaon with the arrest of two persons, who allegedly demanded Rs 50 lakh from a local builder in Ghaziabad.Amarjeet Singh and Uttam Singh had allegedly threatened a builder, Harbeer Singh Dagar, on mobile phone and asked for Rs 50 lakh, the police said. Both were arrested on Monday and have confessed to the crime, the police said, adding that the call was traced to Bhondsi prison in Gurgaon.\"Hardened criminal Jaggu, lodged in Bhondsi jail, has been running money extortion racket from the jail and mobile SIM cards were being supplied to him by these two criminals,\" said Prashant Kumar, Senior Superintendent of Police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12703026", "title": "Prasanna invites Kamal Haasan", "text": "Prasanna met the Ulaga Nayagan Kamal Haasan yesterday to invite him for his wedding.The actor will tie the knot with Sneha on May 11th in Chennai and the love birds are already busy distributing the wedding cards.Prasanna and Sneha share a good rapport with Kamal Haasan and the groom personally invited the star for his wedding. Kamal is expected to grace the occasion and bless the couple. It is said that the entire film industry would descend for this high profile wedding.It may be recalled that Prasanna had announced that he would tie the knot with his lady love Sneha in December and following this their families have made all the arrangements.Source: www.cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12697803", "title": "5 killed, 57 hurt in Jalandhar factory collapse", "text": "JALANDHAR: Five people were killed and 57 injured after a four-storeyed building, housing a blanket manufacturing unit, collapsed in Punjab's Jalandhar on Sunday midnight. About 100 workers are feared trapped in the rubble.Teams of the national disaster response force (NDRF), the Army, the CRPF and the Punjab police tried to pull out survivors. The injured rescued from the debris after a day-long operation were working on the night shift at the factory. Most of them are migrants from Bihar.Deputy commissioner Priyank Bharti quoted factory owner Sheetal Vij as saying that there were around 75 workers in the factory when it collapsed. Speaking to TOI, however, Vij said, \"Since it was a Sunday, I don't know the exact number of workers in the building. There could be about 50-60 people present in the complex.\" The number of those trapped is higher, said workers.No case was registered after almost 18 hours of the incident. Police commissioner Gaurav Yadav said a case would be registered after divisional commissioner Anurag Verma completed the inquiry. \"The chief minister wants the case to be registered after the inquiry so that the culprits cannot excape,\" said a senior official.The building was constructed about six years ago, said Vij. The cause of the collapse is yet to be ascertained. Officials said poor structural engineering could have led to its collapse. Punjab State Industrial and Export Corporation superintending engineer N P Sharma said the owner had not submitted the factory's site plan.A factory worker said heavy machines and tons of material lay on various floors. Hence, rescue operations became difficult.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12697652", "title": "Nirma student drugged, gangraped at city resort", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 16-year-old girl, a diploma student with Nirma University, has alleged gangrape by a fellow student and his friends at a resort near Ahmedabad and has filed a complaint late on Monday night. Police have started hunting for the accused in the incident.According to Sarkhej police officials, the 16-year-old, a student of engineering at the Nirma University campus was at the institute on Thursday morning for her diploma exams when the incident took place. \"She claims that after the exam, one Vinay took her to a resort near Gota and offered her soft drink which she later realized had been drugged. She fell in a swoon after drinking it,\" said a Sarkhej police station official.The victim told the Sarkhej police that Vinay raped her after confining her in a room. Later, two to three other youths, suspected to be Vinay's friends, also gangraped her. She was kept captive for a day. Her father had lodged a missing person's report with police in the night when she did not return home or could not be contacted.\"When the group came to know about it, they decided to move her out of city. The next day early morning Vinay took her to the Ahmedabad railway station at Kalupur and forced her to board a train going towards Bihar. He threatened her with dire consequences and told her to leave the city and never mention about the incident,\" said sources.The girl later contacted her parents and returned home. After two days, her parents got suspicious and asked why she was depressed. The girl then broke down and narrated the incident. The shocked parents then took her to the police station and lodged a complaint on Monday. \"We will verify the facts and also round up the youth named in the complaint. It is too early to comment on anything at the moment,\" said a senior Ahmedabad (rural) police official on Monday night.\"I am unaware of this incident,\" said N V Vasani director general of Nirma University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12698409", "title": "Azhar Mahmood draws parallel between India, Pak", "text": "CHANDIGARH: At 37 and a few months, former Pakistan all-rounder Azhar Mahmood with his ripped warrior-like broad chest looks no different from any other Punjabi from India.But, when the player -- the only one from across the border to play in this IPL -- returned from Mohali's PCA stadium after his first practice session for Team Punjab on Monday, he couldn't help but dismiss the rift between Pakistan and India, saying \"that having been brought up in Punjab in Pakistan and having seen Punjab in India, he still harbours a wishful thought of seeing the two countries as border-less nations\".\"My dada (grandpa) was born and brought up in Amritsar. Even when he moved to Multan's Jahaniamandi in Pakistan, his mind would race back to memories of his youthful days of that vast nation. So much that he would regale us like a raconteur with bedtime stories from this pre-Partition days - how they would make halwa and chapatis together. It's no different world,\" Mahmood gushed, while sharing his childhood memories with The Times of India.The swashbuckling cricketer, who took the world by storm when he scored three centuries against South Africa in late 90s, said that cricket was the best way to remove the obstruction of check posts at the border between the two nations.The cricketer said that when he got the opportunity to represent Team Punjab, he kept on drawing parallel between habits of the people from regions that share the same name in the two rival nations.Mahmood, now a British passport-holder, is making his debut in the IPL after Team Punjab bought him for $200,000.\"My wife used to shop from Sector 17 in Chandigarh a lot. She phoned me last evening and kept talking about Indian sarees and suits we bought from this market. It's the same. The culture, the way we shop, pick and choose and of course bargain,\" Mahmood laughed.He said that he was glad he got an opportunity to speak in Punjabi to so many people that the hotel he was staying in.\"Pindi (Rawalpindi) and Islamabad are like the similar twin cities as Mohali and Chandigarh,\" he gushed, adding, \"In UK, I converse with my wife in Urdu and with rest of people, I have to talk in English. I am so delighted to be speaking in chaste Punjabi here\".Box'I've more pals in India than Pak'Former Pakistan cricket all-rounder Azhar Mahmood said he now has more friends in India than in Pakistan. \"I have really have found good friends with Zaheer, Ashish Nehra and Harbhajan Singh. In fact, Nehra even helped me sort the recent visa trouble I faced.\" Mahmood's visa had earlier allowed one entry point - New Delhi - into the country and destination as Chandigarh. However, the issue was resolved on Sunday, allowing him to travel with his team at all the places they play the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12696536", "title": "Grape cultivation takes a beating in Andhra Pradesh", "text": "HYDERABAD: Once a major hub of grape production, Rangareddy and Medak districts are virtually bereft of the fruit now. Thanks to the real estate boom and change in agricultural patterns in these districts, there has been a fall in grape production by over 60% in these districts over the last 3 years.\"Our district had about 2,500 acres of grape gardens in 2008. But now, it has come down to 600 acres,\" Karampudi Neeraja Gandhi, Rangareddy district horticulture assistant director told TOI. Grape is still being cultivated in areas such as Turkapalli, Narayanpur, Anantharam and Potharam villages of RR district.In Medak, grape cultivation has come down from 1,000 acres to 600 acres. \"Farmers nowadays prefer other crops like vegetables as they give them more income,\" A Sekhar, Medak district horticulture assistant director, said. As a result, grape cultivation in Medak has been restricted to only two villages, Kollur and Parvathapur.Apparently, grape cultivation is not a profitable business. For an acre of grape garden, a farmer would have to invest about Rs 1.5 lakh for which he can expect a profit of Rs 30,000 to Rs 40,000 per yield. However, if the farmer goes for vegetable crops like bitter gourd and bottle gourd, the investment is the same, but the profit would be about Rs 50,000. Besides, the state government gives a subsidy of Rs 60,000 for the farmer opting for vegetable crops. \"Adequate marketing facilities and lower labour costs as compared to grape cultivation are making the horticulture crops more attractive,\" Burra Gireesh, a farmer from Zaheerabaad, said.As a result, the grape cultivation has taken a beating over the last four years. While 1,000 tonnes of grapes were exported in 2008, it dropped to 90 tonnes in 2011-2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12695960", "title": "Govt against unethical promotion of drugs", "text": "NEW DELHI: Aggressive marketing of drugs by pharmaceutical companies is equal to \" irrational use\" that needs to be \"penalized,\" the steering committee on health headed by Planning Commission member Syeda Hameed has said.The steering committee report submitted to the commission for the 12th five year plan says there is need for a mandatory code for identifying and penalizing unethical promotion on the part of pharma companies.It took the example of the Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) of the US and how it has mandated strict regulations to curb unethical promotions. These include mandated disclosure by pharmaceutical companies of the expenditure incurred on drug promotion, ghost writing in promotion of pharma products to attract disqualification of the author and penalty on the company and vetting by FDA of drug related material in continuing medical education.To avoid medical conflicts of interest, the US government is proposing to bring in a law that would require drug companies to disclose the payments they make to doctors for research, consulting, speaking, travel and entertainment. \"Such practices can be replicated in India,\" the committee said.A recent study by the commission's high-level expert group (HLEG) on universal health coverage headed by Dr K Srinath Reddy said the pharmaceutical industry spent over 25% of their annual turnover on sales promotion alone as compared to a paltry 7% on research and development in 2008-09. It also brought to light the widespread use of irrational drugs.India, the study said, had the dubious distinction of its pharmaceutical market being flooded with about 90,000 formulation packs and brands.\"The market is awash with irrational, non-essential and hazardous drugs. Of the top 10 products which accounted for 10% of the medicines sold in the market, two belong to the category of irrational vitamin combinations and cough syrup while the other is a liver drug of unproven efficacy. Ten of the top 25 products sold in India in 1999 belonged to one of these categories: blood tonic, cough expectorant, non-drug formulations, analgesics, nutrients and liver drug which are hazardous, non-essential or irrational,\" the report said.In order to regulate medical practice and uphold the rights of patients to rational treatment of good quality and reasonable cost, the steering committee has suggested medical audits to assess extent of compliance with Standard Treatment Guidelines.It said habitual violations of guidelines should attract disciplinary action. \"There is a need to revise and strengthen the existing regulatory mechanism for medical practice to prevent willful negligence and malpractice,\" it said.The need for standard treatment protocols for various diseases has got the official push from the Prime Minister's Office (PMO).Union health secretary P K Pradhan said that once the protocols are ready, doctors, nurses, pharmacists and community health workers would have to adhere to them strictly in public health facilities. \"All doctors and nurses under the NRHM will be bound by the protocols that are being finalized. Tamil Nadu has such protocols in place. We will follow them and circulate standard protocols to all states for immediate implementation,\" Pradhan said.The ministry says incorrect drug choices, overdose, under dose and choice of more expensive drugs when less expensive drugs would be equally or more effective is a major problem in public health facilities.Standard Treatment Guidelines will list the preferred drug and non-drug treatments for common health problems. Each drug treatment would include for each health problem the name, dosage form, strength, average dose (pediatric and adult), number of doses per day and number of days of treatment.The committee has also said all clinical establishments need to be registered and regulated for compliance with prescribed minimum standards of facilities and services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12697099", "title": "Anti-bedsore drive going strong", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 62-year-old patient from Mohali, who was completely unconscious and bedridden owing to a road accident, had developed severe bedsores. He was duly attended by the door-to-door team of PGI doctors, who had been training the caregivers (family members of the patient). And now he has recovered as his bedsores have been healed.Once the caregivers are trained to dress a wound and on the exercises, they are able to take care of the patient efficiently. Training manuals are distributed among patients' caregivers, free of cost. These provide simple solutions to challenges faced by bedridden patients and their caregivers. So far, 70 patients have been recruited from the Tricity. No one recruited in the preventive package by the project team developed bedsore so far.Bedridden people face a major problem of bedsores. In order to create awareness on this issue, two projects have been running under Dr Sukhpal Kaur, lecturer, department of national institute of nursing education, PGI and Dr Amarjeet Singh, Professor, School of Public Health.A paper-based on these projects entitled, \"Knowledge, beliefs and practices of caregivers regarding bedsore care practices and management in Chandigarh\" was presented in 56th IPHA conference held at Kochi, Kerala. Other paper, entitled, \"Physiotherapy, a crucial component in randomized controlled trial on community based bedsore prevention in bedridden patients\" was presented at 39th IAPSM conference at Kangra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12697871", "title": "'Remove encroachments at commercial complexes'", "text": "NAGPUR: With the Nagpur Municipal Corporation's ongoing anti-encroachment drive getting stricter with each passing day, residents of four flat schemes on the stretch between Law College Square and Ravi Nagar Square on Amravati Road have written to municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal and demanded action against builders who blatantly violated sanctioned plans.In their complaint, residents pointed out that on the stretch in question, most buildings are commercial and each one has encroached the parking and common area in connivance with NMC and NIT officials.According to the complaint letter, Jagat Tower has the most victims as 50% of the parking space is encroached upon by shop owners and eating joints which keep tables and chairs. Besides, many shops too have allegedly extended their space limit.The builder too has allegedly sold the residential exit space to a restaurant owner who has set up a kitchen, put up hoardings and made seating arrangements for diners.As a result, residents are forced to take their four-wheelers out of the parking area as it is encroached upon by shopkeepers. The floor space index (FSI) norms have been grossly violated, the letter claimed.The situation is similar at the adjoining flat scheme Himalay Accord which has eight shops and 17 flats. Over here, 35% of the parking space is encroached upon by shop owners including an eating joint.A resident pointed out that shops in the building were violating many norms. \"We have lodged many complaints with the NMC's town planning and ant-encroachment departments but no action has been taken.\"At Himalay Crown, the situation is no different. The structure has big showrooms on the ground floor but the parking space for visitors is very less. Over here, the builder, in connivance with the town planning department and Dharampeth zone officials, allegedly converted the basement meant for parking into flats and shops.Meanwhile, around 28 residents of Saptashrungi Vihar near Sonegaon Lake have once again approached the civic chief demanding action against the developer of their layout who allegedly constructed bungalows on public utility (PU) land.Of the 858.42 sq metres of public utility land, the builder allegedly handed over only 722.509 sq metres. Recently, residents of this housing society also approached the high court against the misuse of PU land.While assuring to look into the complaints, civic chief Jaiswal has urged residents to bring encroachments on roads, footpaths and PU land to the notice of NMC officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12700397", "title": "Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University increases number of examiners", "text": "KANPUR:The authorities of Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University has further increased the number of examiners, checking the examination copies. Till Saturday some 200 examiners were involved in the task of evaluation of the answer sheets. This number has been doubled.This arrangement has been made to declare the results of graduation final year on time. The evaluation of answer booklets was initiated a few days back. Apart from teachers, university staff was also roped in to complete the work on time. Also, the evaluation work is being conducted in two shifts.It is because of this that the task of checking copies has gained momentum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12698644", "title": "Commuters move court, HC issues notice to union", "text": "The Bombay High Court issued a notice to the Sharad Rao-led Mumbai Auto Rickshawmen's Union which called the auto strike.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar was hearing a public interest litigation filed by the Mumbai Grahak Panchayat urging the court to declare the strike illegal and ask union members to resume duties forthwith. They also urged the court to impose an exemplary penalty of at least Rs 1.25 crore on Rao's union and affiliates for instigating the strike. The petition said the strike would cause immense hardship to students, patients, the elderly and general public.The Panchayat's advocate Uday Warunjikar said the strike was unjustified as the government announced a fare hike of Re 1 per km from April 20, and appointed the Hakim committee on April 13 to look into various demands. The judges issued a notice to the auto union and posted the hearing for Tuesday. The Panchayat moved court again post-lunch urging interim relief. \"One lakh autos are off the roads. Lakhs of commuters working in south Mumbai have to reach home,'' said Warunjikar. The court then directed the state and transport commissioner to provide police protection to passengers and auto drivers who wish to ply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12698282", "title": "Shots that help blood clot are expensive", "text": "PUNE: There was no injury, yet six-year-old Sujit (name changed) developed bleeding inside his brain. His is a case of classic haemophilia where the patient bleed from anywhere in the body. Such persons must spend extra to get Anti-Haemophilia Factor (AHF) injections to cover the clotting deficiency.\"Sujit came to us on Monday morning. On suspicion of intracranial (inside the brain) bleeding, he was immediately infused 500 units of AHF injection and referred to D Y Patil Medical College and Hospital for further investigation and management,\" said paediatrician Sunil Lohade, vice-president of Haemophilia Care Centre at Lohade Hospital in Chinchwad.Over the next 10 days, he will need about 7,000 units of AHF injection, costing about Rs 70,000; his parents are poor and illiterate and cannot afford his treatment, Lohade added.Sujit will get his injections for free from the Haemophilia Society of Maharashtra, Pune chapter. \"However, there are around 700 haemophiliacs registered with society and free AHF to each of them every time they need it is not possible, Lohade.For the last 20 years, the society has been supporting haemophiliacs in western Maharashtra without any financial assistance from state government. Philanthropic organisations and generous individuals have helped purchase of AHF for poor haemophiliacs.\"There is little public awareness about this genetic disorder, which affects one in every 10,000 men globally,\" Anil Lalwani, ex-president of Haemophilia Federation of India, said.Lalwani, a haemophilic, set up the Pune chapter in Chinchwad in 1992. It is one of 64 chapters in India affiliated to the New Delhi-based Haemophilia Federation (India) which is linked to the World Federation of Haemophilia (WFH).Though haemophilia seldom crops up in women, they are often carriers. Care and precaution has to be taken when there is family history of haemophilia which has no cure, but treatment is crucial for the survival of a person with haemophilia.\"In a normal individual, the clotting factor varies. In a haemophilic, it may be less than one per cent. About 25 per cent of PWHs suffer from deficiency in Factor IX (known as the Christmas disease), while the rest suffer from deficiency of Factor VIII or Classic Haemophilia,\" Lohade said.An AHF injection costs Rs 10 per unit and a person with haemophilia requires 1,000 units every alternative day depending upon the impact of the injury or the severity of the disease. Hence, caring for a single afflicted person could cost a family around Rs 1 lakh a year.Pharmaceutical companies extracted AHF through fresh blood, but ran the risk of getting infected blood. The practice has been stopped now. HFI campaigned for synthetic preparation of AHF and made them available at subsidised rates. This prevented HIV infection among PWH.BOXHaemophilia isA genetically transmitted disorder that affects coagulation of blood, resulting from a deficiency of the clotting factor. The result is spontaneous or trauma-related bleeding, typically in large joints or muscles. If untreated, life-threatening haemorrhages can result spontaneously or from trauma to the head or to the internal organs.eom/umesh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "12700981", "title": "Farmers protest against Cotton Corporation of India, block NH-8", "text": "Palanpur: Cotton farmers of Sabarkantha district blocked the busy national highway 8 and two state highways protesting the uncooperative attitude of Cotton Corporation of India (CCI).Vehicular traffic was paralyzed for nearly one hour as about 500 farmers blocked the Ambaji-Himmatnagar state highway and Vijapur-Mehsana highway on Monday.\"Despite assurance and announcement to open five procurement centres in Sabarkantha including Himmatnagar, Ilol, Jadar, Idar and Vadali, not a single centre has been opened. Farmers had lined up with their cotton-loaded tractors since Sunday night,\" said Mahendrasinh Chauhan, BJP MP from Sabarkantha.\"The Centre had instructed to purchase cotton from Gujarat at Rs 4,500 per quintal through different procurement centres in the state,\" said Chauhan.\"We were assured that five centres will become operational from Monday but we are cheated,\" he said.BJP activists joined the stir in the district headquarters of Himmatnagar, Illol, Idar and Vadali.The agitators even parked their cotton-loaded tractors and other vehicles on the highway.The farmers vowed to intensify their agitation if the buying process did not start within two days.When contacted, CCI chairman B K Mishra said \"The centres will be made functional in less than a week. We have already begun purchasing cotton from different centres in the Saurashtra region.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12698319", "title": "17 passengers hurt as ST bus overturns", "text": "PUNE: Seventeen passengers of a state transport bus had a narrow escape after the bus jumped off the road and turned on a side. The incident took place at Sortapwadi, about 40 kms from Pune on the Pune-Solapur highway around 8 am on Monday.The Loni Kalbhor police personnel took out the passengers stuck in the bus and sent them to a private hospital in Uruli Kanchan. Investigating officer Balasaheb Jagtap of the Loni Kalbhor police station said that nobody suffered severe injuries.Bus driver Waman Mane (39) of Latur has been booked for negligent driving.Jagtap said the bus was on the way from Latur to Pune. Near Sortapwadi, the driver lost control over the steering and the bus went off the road. \"Due to the impact bus turned on its side. Around 17 pas-sengers in the bus sustained injuries,\" Jagtap said.Some passengers got fractures on their hands and legs, but all of them have got a discharge from the hospital.Shrikant Pawar of Indapur taluka, who was injured in the accident, has lodged a complaint with the police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12697324", "title": "Four months on, Bakhtawar Chowk work still pending", "text": "GURGAON: To ease vehicular movement at Bakhtawar Chowk, HUDA had initiated work on replacing a roundabout from the spot with an international standard junction in December last year.But even four months after the Rs 85-lakh project was announced, it is far from complete, even as the idea of having a raised junction has been discarded now.Meanwhile, a HUDA official said the work would start once again in a couple of days and the spot would be levelled with the road.The work on the crossing has been going on at a snail's pace for a long time now. While the Bakhtawar Chowk roundabout was removed in October last year by HUDA after repeated requests by the city traffic police department, work related to building a raised platform started only two months later in December. The traffic police had been asking the civic agency to remove or resize the roundabout, construct slip roads on all sides and install traffic lights.HUDA planned to build a raised junction with reflective paint in place of the roundabout where fast-moving vehicles approaching the intersection would have to automatically slow down, thus reducing chances of accidents at the intersection. This was supposed to be a one-of-its-kind experiment in Gurgaon where pedestrians' safety had been given priority.The intersection would be visible from a far distance due to reflective paint, even if traffic signals are not functioning or at night. Due to its height, drivers would have to automatically slow down giving more time for pedestrians to cross the road. But after a few weeks work stopped and it has been now more than two months since then.HUDA executive engineer S K Gupta said the work would start once gain in a couple of days and the agency hoped to get it completed within 15 days. Gupta added that the spot would be covered with bitumen and levelled with the road. He informed that slip roads were constructed at the cost of Rs 45 lakh, while levelling of the roundabout would cost around Rs 39 lakh.When contacted, DCP (traffic) Bharti Arora accepted that the work has been delayed for a long time now. She said, \"A raised platform was supposed to come up at the spot. The HUDA administrator also came and inspected the work sometime back. He apparently did not like the work and had ordered the removal of stones from the surface. We will take up the matter with HUDA in the coming meeting.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12701030", "title": "Women in Politics", "text": "The Centre for Public Policy (CPP) at IIM-Bangalore, in collaboration with Centre for Social Research (CSR), New Delhi, has launched a certificate programme on Women in Leadership. Vishakha Sharma reportsIn an endeavour to strengthen the capabilities and leadership skills of aspiring women politicians, the Centre for Public Policy (CPP) at the Indian Institute of Management-Bangalore (IIM-B), in collaboration with New Delhi-based Centre for Social Research (CSR), an NGO working on gender empowerment, has launched a certificate course in political leadership for women - the India-Women in Leadership (iWIL) programme.The course is spread across three months, which includes lectures, field visits, as well as a week each of intensive exposure visits to Delhi and Singapore. The first batch begins on July 16.Ranjana Kumari, director, CSR, says, \"The iWIL programme aims to strengthen the effectiveness of women leaders as they enter and progress in Indian democracy. It aims to equip aspiring women leaders with requisite skills, knowledge and expertise in various aspects of governance, and strengthens their ability to contest elections, lobby for women's rights and strengthen the overall network of politically active women across India. This training is targeted towards women in politics, social activists, and others from diverse backgrounds who have a keen interest in active politics.\"According to the World Economic Forum's 2009 Gender Gap Index, India ranks 24 out of 135 countries for women's political participation. \"Not only are there only a few women in Indian politics, but women also face different barriers and disadvantages in their quest to become leading politicians in India. Therefore, women in politics need specialised skills and strategies in order to win elections and pursue the policies that matter most to them,\" adds Kumari.As for the advantages of the course, Rajeev Gowda, chairperson, CPP at IIM-B, says, \"India needs leaders who balance passion for public service, compassion for the disadvantaged, professionalism in governance, and courage built on values and vision. This programme will provide women leaders with the foundation and skill-sets to break new ground and become agents of change. Also, this course is practical and multidimensional and will equip participants with cuttingedge capabilities that will enable them to enter, progress, and make an impact in the political arena.\"Women hold a mere 10% of seats in India's Parliament, which also reflects their lack of participation in the decision-making process. The representation of women in Central Cabinet is even lower. Out of the 34 cabinet ministers, only two are women and out of 44 ministers of state, there are only six women.The India-Women in Leadership programme aims to correct this imbalance by equipping participants with appropriate training in political action, policy analysis, personal development and perspective and ideology.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12700381", "title": "Contractual medical officers not paid salary", "text": "KANPUR: As many as 65 contractual employees of the district health department protested over delay in payment of salaries at Ursula Horsman Hospital here on Monday.The medical officers appointed on contractual basis by the health department to serve in various tuberculosis programmes running in the district have not been paid salaries for the last five months. This forced them to go on pen down strike at the district tuberculosis officer's (DTO) office in UHM Hospital. The Central tuberculosis division team also visited the hospital for routine audit of various TB programmes running in the district on Monday.According to the contractual employees, they have not got salaries from last five months which has created hardships for them. No initiative was taken by the DTO and other health officials to help these employees.However, district tuberculosis officer (DTO) GS Bajpai said that several letters have been sent to the state authorities to remind them about the delay in the salary of the medical officers. He added that the contractual employees are not cooperating with the Central team which gave a wrong impression.\"The salary payment to employees appointed on contractual basis is made through the 'treasury route'. As the practice is, the state government releases the money and it is made available to this category of doctors through the treasury. I asked the CMO to sent a reminder to the state health authorities,\" he added.The officials added that the contractual employees were not ready to cooperate with TB team even after requests. However, the situation improved when they were assured of getting salary within a fortnight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12697676", "title": "Nationalist Congress Party to reconstitute state executive committee", "text": "PANAJI: After facing a humiliating defeat in the recent held assembly elections, the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) has decided to revitalize its Goa unit. NCP's state president Surendra Sirsat said that they will reconstitute the executive committee after visiting the constituencies in which they had contested.In the recently-concluded assembly polls, the NCP had fielded candidates in the Mapusa, Mayem, Sanguem, Porvorim, Vasco, Tivim and Saligao constituences, but had failed to win a single seat. NCP's executive committee meeting was held on Monday to discuss the poll debacle and future plans with regards to revamping the state unit.\"We have decided to visit all the seven constituencies in which we contested, in order to induct grassroots level workers into the party. This exercise should be completed within one month,\" said Sirsat. The meeting was chaired by Sandesh Kondwilkar, an office bearer of NCP's Maharashtra unit, who has been appointed as Goa observer.\"Kondwilkar has briefed the NCP executive committee on how to revamp the state NCP unit,\" said Sirsat.NCP's state president also said that besides visiting the seven constituencies, they will cover the 20 constituencies which were shortlisted before the party decided on the poll alliance with the Congress.The meeting was attended by the executive committee, including former revenue minister and Vasco candidate Jose Philip D'Souza, former tourism minister and Tivim candidate Nilkanth Halarnkar, Sanguem candidate Yuri Alemao and Mapusa candidate Ashish Shirodkar.Sirsat also said that 'party wants to induct people who will work for the party and not those aspiring for tickets, who will quit the party if denied a ticket'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12699513", "title": "When Kirti Stambh's lion foretold a story...", "text": "VADODARA: Kirti Stambh is one of the most popular landmarks in the city located near Polo Ground. It is made out of pink Songadh stone and stands tall opposite Nehru Bhavan. The landmark was built to mark 60 years of rule of Sayajirao Gaekwad III in 1935. Perched atop the landmark is a lion that is facing eastwards. Though, many citizens know reasons behind building Kirti Stambh, not many are aware of the philosophy behind the structure.The structure depicts Sayajirao's decision of moving towards 'vanaprasthashram' (life of retirement). The lion sitting on the top of the structure faces east and has his back to the Laxmi Vilas Palace gate. Travelling towards east is considered to be a way of attaining salvation in Hindu philosophy. The lion's back is towards the palace and it illustrates the king's departure from his kingdom and luxurious life.\"If one sees closely, the lion is a bit old and appears fatigued. And, it is about to get up and walk. Sayajirao portrays himself as the ageing lion. There is deep philosophy behind the structure made by prominent artist Krishnarao Chavan and his associates,\" said Jitendrasinh Gaekwad, great grandnephew of Sayajirao.\"All the buildings and structures made by Sayajirao in the erstwhile Baroda state carried some meaning and had philosophical touch,\" Gaekwad added. Kirti Stambh is currently one of the busiest areas in the city as a bus depot is located just 100 metres away from it. It stands tall amidst the mushrooming concrete structures around it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12697578", "title": "Burglaries on the rise in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: Three burglary incidents of burglaries in a single day on Sunday, including one at the upmarket Gangapur Road locality, has led to an citizen outrage, with local leaders accusing the police of failure in curbing crime.In Nashik city leaving a house locked is as good as leaving it at the mercy of God. Thanks to the style of functioning of city police, for there is no guarantee that after returning home, you may find your house as safe and sound as you had left it.Thefts, robberies, house break-ins are continuously on the rise and every effort of the police is turning futile.Property offences have become a menace for Nashikites. Residents of the city are robbed of lakhs of rupees almost daily and while one commissioner is transferred after another, the situation has seized to improve over the past few years.In one of the three house-breaking incidents that occurred Sunday, On April 15, three incidents of house break-ins were reported from different parts of the city. While in one case, the burglars decamped with goods worth Rs 7.42 lakh, in the other another two incidents, goods worth over Rs 3.25 lakh were stolen. There were also reports of four break-ins within a single building but no police case was registered over this.Local corporator Seema Hirey, of the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS), said that there are at least three to four incidents of robbery or house break-ins daily in the Gangapur Road and College Road areas of the city. \"Earlier too we have presented memorandums to the police commissioner, but things have not improved in the least,\" Hirey said.\"Now with the latest series of house break-ins in the Gangapur Road area, we have decided to meet the commissioner again to ask him to ask him to step up security,\" the corporator added.There are three to four incidents of house break-ins daily. If not house break-ins, then someone is either robbed or gold chains of women are snatched.The police commissioner has initiated nakabandis and combing operations etc. but crime, as it appears to citizens, continues However, the crimes continue unabated. A large number of Nashikites are of the view that either the policing is not good enough or police personnel are working hand in glove with the criminals, that has lead to spurt in criminal activities.Meanwhile, P B Karanjkar of the Bhrashtachar Nirmulan Samiti ( corruption eradication Committee) said, \"it is time to see the overall picture with regards to the rising crime.Prices of commodities are increasing, there is rising poverty and employment and also a rise in population. All of these factors put together is giving rise to criminal activities\". Further, the police force also falls short to curb tackle the rising crime graph. While thinking of the rising crime, one should also see if the police are pressurised by politicians, who also have their set of criminals with them, for not looking into particular things.Last year over a thousand of vehicles were stolen from the city. Where have they vanished is a question that still makes Nashikites woconfusing Nashikites.Recently, the police reported that they had cracked 56 cases of house break-ins from January 1 till present, and had recovered goods worth over Rs 20 lakh. But the city's citizens believe that the detection rate might be only close to 10%. DCP Sahebrao Patil of Zone 1, said that the detection rate had increased over the past few months.\"Vehicle thefts and chain snatching cases have come down significantly during the past few weeks. We are making sincere efforts to stub out house break-ins. Currently, 14 beat marshal teams are visiting residential neighborhoods to request people to take precautions and not let strangers into their building Teams are also advising building security personnel. The beat marshal teams give us a daily report about patrolling activity,\" Patil said .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12696022", "title": "Call to free West Bengal scientist gets shriller", "text": "KOLKATA: Protests for the release of scientist Partha Sarathi Roy in Kolkata gathered steam after scientists and public figures, including Noam Chomsky and National Advisory Council member Aruna Roy, wrote to the Prime Minister.On Tuesday, rights body Association for Protection of Democratic Rights held a mass convention in Kolkata. In a written statement, writer-activist Mahasveta Devi said such arrests signal a wrong trend and should be resisted. Jadavpur University (JU) professor Ambikesh Mahapatra, who was arrested for circulating a cartoon featuring Mamata Banerjee , also attended the convention.Roy is an alumnus of the Indian Institute of Sciences, Bangalore, and a faculty of Kolkata's Indian Institute of Science Education and Research, a premiere institute for development of basic sciences. About 400 IISC Bangalore alumni signed a petition to release Roy, and nearly 700 people, including his friends and academicians across the world, signed a petition to release him.Among them are activist-doctor Binayak Sen and Delhi University professor SAR Geelani. JU professor Amit Bhattacharya condemned his arrest. \"We must oppose all attempts by the present government to gag freedom of speech and assembly. I demand his unconditional release,\" he said.A large section of people believe the West Bengal government framed Roy since he joined a movement opposing the government's anti-eviction drive.He was arrested on April 8 and charged with non-bailable offence, including assaulting police and provoking people to commit crime.Roy's friends and colleagues claimed he was not part of the April 4 protest when Nonadanga evictees clashed with police. They produced documents to show that Roy had attended an IISER faculty meeting from 2.30 pm to 4 pm on the day. He stayed at the IISER guesthouse at night.\"Then how could he be at the clash site that afternoon?\" asked Supratim Sengupta, his friend.A south Kolkata resident, Roy completed his post-doctoral fellowship from the department of cell biology, Lerner Research Institute, Cleveland Clinic , Ohio in January 2008.Before his arrest, he was researching on translational control of gene expression in cellular and viral systems, RNA-protein interactions, regulation of gene expression in inflammation and cancer.Besides research, he was a rights activists involved in anti-eviction and anti-displacement movements across India. He was active in the Posco movement and supported anti-displacement protests in Odisha.He was also a part of Assam's anti-dam movement led by Akhil Gogoi's Krishok Mukti Sangram Samity.He wrote articles in an online journal.But he always distanced himself from politics, said friends and colleagues. He had travelled to Naxal-affected Lalgarh when people caught between Maoists and the security forces were fleeing their homes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12697230", "title": "Movie screening at Sunaparanta", "text": "Sachin Chatte will host the screening of 'The Big Sleep' at Sunaparanta - Goa Centre for the Arts, Altinho-Panaji, on April 18 at 6.30pm. Directed by Howard Hawks , the 113-minute movie has Humphrey Bogart and Lauren Bacall playing the lead roles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12697791", "title": "MSRTC rises up to the challenge", "text": "NASHIK: Nashikites braved the heat on the streets and lined up for mass transport as autorickshaw drivers went off the road to press for their various demands. Already battling a severe shortage of drivers, the MSRTC was under pressure to meet the demands of passengers, even as authorities claimed things were managed well with the cooperation of the staff.The one-day strike forced citizens to wait for buses to ferry them to their destinations. The same scene was depicted at almost every bus stop - commuters were seen requesting bus drivers to halt, but buses just kept passing by. \"The condition hardly changed for us. Like every day, the buses simply rolled past. Today, each and every bus was full,\" said Ragini Salunkhe, who works at a private firm.ST bus stands like Nimani, Panchavati Karanja, Shalimar, Nashik Road, Satpur, Deolali Camp and Bhagur were left wanting in terms of bus services. Almost all the buses plied full from their point of origin, leaving passengers in the suburban areas stranded in terms of transport. \"We were waiting for buses with more space. The worst-hit were women passengers. Most of the men hitch-hiked with two-wheeler motorists,\" said Shashikant Rahane.MSRTC division controller Kailas Deshmukh said, \"Services were managed by the MSRTC to a great extent, though there were multiple demands and meeting each one was impossible. The MSRTC made 300 extra bus trips in addition to its regular quota. This meant more kilometers and more revenue earned. The load factor is likely to touch 80% as against the daily average of 65%.\"The streets and bus stops wore a deserted look and autorickhsaws were nowhere to be seen. \"It was a pleasure driving the bus today as we could see clean roads and no indiscipline,\" said R K Hivre (name changed), an MSRTC employee. He added that the MSRTC had cancelled leaves of many drivers to ensure that the optimum number of buses plied on the day to help out citizens.Depot manager A N Pathak said MSRTC controllers gathered feedback from drivers and conductors on the field and accordingly forwarded demand for city buses and that helped in managing traffic. \"By the end of the day, we should see 1.5 times the cash flow that we see daily. Schools have already closed down and that was a relief,\" Pathak said., adding that there were no untoward incidents in any part of the city and that coordination between the employees and the management paid off very well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12699531", "title": "Bhopal: Over 400 MCA students knock at govt door for help", "text": "BHOPAL: Over 400 students of Masters of Computer Application (MCA) from across the state have been waiting for higher education minister Laxmikant Sharma to help them get out of the dilemma. Unable to get an appointment with the chief minister to appraise him of their dilemma on Monday, they rushed to the office of Sharma, as directed by the CM office, but in vain.The future these students hangs in balance after their admission was termed illegal by the state high court. Following the court's order, the colleges started cancelling their admissions pushing them to the brink of uncertainty.The issue started in September 2011 after the colleges running the MCA courses refused to accept admissions of the candidates, who were BCA degree holders but did not have mathematics as a subject at the 10+2 level. These students moved high court and got an interim relief in December. Later, the high court also termed their admission as illegal. The high court order was challenged in the Supreme Court. The apex court asked the high court to review the decision.Students alleged that the directorate of technical education should not have allowed them to take part in the counseling at the initial stage.\"Had they stopped us in the beginning of the counseling, there would have been no issue. After completing one year now, I am told that the admission is cancelled. They cannot play with our future,\" another student, Rajesh Dharamdasani, rued.He said that his family is in shock after they heard of the cancellation of admission.The students were admitted after appearing in the entrance exam conducted by the MP Professional Examination Board (MPPEB) followed by a counseling.Another student lamented that the situation made serious impact on his life and career. \"I was allowed to appear in the first semester exam of MCA. Now, authorities have stopped my result citing the court's order. I am under stress,\" said Mahendra Yadav.The students have decided to raise the issue with the governor also. \"We can't let our future down like this,\" Ashwin Khare said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12697215", "title": "Greener firms yield better: Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad study", "text": "AHMEDABAD: During the period from January 2010 to January 2012, Ambuja Cement generated 49 per cent return on investment while its sister concern ACC reaped 30 per cent returns. Despite the higher returns, Ambuja Cement emits 474 tonnes less carbon than ACC which emits 2,336 tonnes of carbon for every crore rupees of revenue generated.In fact, an analysis of carbon footprints of various companies at Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A), found that there is an inverse relationship between carbon emissions of companies and their returns on investments. It revealed that companies with lesser carbon emissions get better returns.\"It is a very interesting relationship that we configured while analyzing a report called 'Profiting from India's Largest Green Companies' that was launched together with BSE-GREENEX of Bombay Stock Exchange ,\" said IIM-A Professor Amit Garg.The analysis also reveals that the inverse relationship between carbon emission and return on investment also holds true for companies across the different sectors. Garg said, \"BSE-GREENEX lists both HUL and Dabur among the lesser carbon intensive companies in the FMCG sector. But if the two companies are compared, HUL has lesser carbon emission of 0.24 tonnes per crore rupees of revenue than Dabur, which emits 17.25 tonnes. When their revenues are compared over a same span of time, it is found that HUL generated 56 per cent return on investment while Dabur got a 26 per cent return.\"Similarly in the finance sector, HDFC with a lesser carbon emission of 1.01 tonnes per crore of rupees revenue than Infrastructure IDFC's 1.53 tonnes, generated higher returns of 22 per cent as compared to (-) 40 per cent of IDFC.Explaining the observation Garg said, \"The relationship could be because companies which higher carbon emission consumes larger inputs like power, materials and processes. Such high input could increase the cost of product or service and thereby reduce the return and vice-versa. Apart from this, there could be other factors as well. While the inverse relationship has been established in this study, it calls for further studies for a through explanation to its cause.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12696378", "title": "Water supply to be hit in four areas on Tuesday", "text": "CHENNAI: Water supply in Alwarpet, Abhiramapuram, Nandanam and Kotturpuram areas would be affected from 9am to 9pm on Tuesday, according to a press release from Chennai Metropolitan and Water Supply and Sewerage Board. The release said supply would be affected as a valve was being fixed at the trunk water main at Anna Salai and Teynampet to facilitate metro work.Chennai Metro Rail Limited has been working on the underground stations at Anna Salai and Teynampet in the past two months. Water board officials say residents in other areas of the city must brace themselves for further disruption in supply in the coming weeks. If water supply has been affected in your area, the following officers may be contacted for water tankers: Area engineer (Tenyampet) on 7845061907 and Area engineer (Adyar) on 7845061911.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12698280", "title": "State ignores 10K people with bleeding disorder", "text": "PUNE: A 12-year-old state government resolution to provide free blood, blood factor and treatment to patients suffering from haemophilia, a blood clotting deficiency, has remained on paper.Except for KEM Hospital in Mumbai, there is no diagnostic facility in the government set-up to detect haemophilia and extend treatment leaving an estimated 10,000 haemophiliacs in Maharashtra without support, health experts and activists, said.\"The state government's resolution (GR) on January 5, 2000 had categorically stated that blood, blood factor and treatment should be given free to patients of haemophilia. But nothing has moved for the past 12 years,\" said paediatrician Sunil Lohade, vice-president of Haemophilia Care Centre at Lohade Hospital in Chinchwad.Anil Lalwani, ex-president of Haemophilia Federation of India, said they have been frequently raising the non-implementation of this GR. \"Authorities keep passing the buck. Whenever we approach them for its implementation, they make false promises,\" he said.State health minister Suresh Shetty was sure of getting financial assistance for haemophilia through National Rural Health Mission (NRHM). \"We have proposed a concrete financial allocation for haemophilia in this year's programme implementation plan (PIP) for NRHM which has been submitted to Union government.\"As for the GR not being implemented, Shetty said, \"I will check the reasons and why it was not implemented.\"A haemophiliac has no blood factor VIII or IX. This deficiency prevents proper clotting mechanism and causes uninterrupted and recurrent bleeding episodes. Such a patient requires anti-haemophila factor (AHF) injection to control bleeding. \"The blood factor injection is very expensive and beyond the reach of nearly 90 % of the patients. Hence, government support is essential,\" Lalwani said.Uttar Pradesh, Bihar , Assam , Karnataka, Delhi and Goa have been providing free blood factor injections to patients with haemophilia, experts said.\"Around 70 to 80 severe haemophilia patients become physically disabled due to repeated bleeding in the joints by the time they reach puberty. Disability is a very expensive on the government. By providing free blood factor injections to patients with severe haemophilia, we can reduce bleeding episodes and thereby reduce disability and morbidity,\" Lohade said.Support of polio prevention, which can lead to disability if ignored, has state support. Haemophilia needs the same attention, experts said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12696398", "title": "Bid to nail institutes making false claims", "text": "MUMBAI: Efforts are on to make provisions for levying fines on unauthorized educational institutes that furnish wrong information to students.This was revealed during a recent discussion in the state assembly. The proposed Maharashtra Unauthorized Institutes &amp; Courses in Technical and Vocational Education Bill will look at institutes that give out false information to students and fine them anything between Rs 50,000 and Rs 2 lakh.\"We are working hard towards converting this Bill into an Act. The Bill will be presented in the assembly soon,\" said Sanjay Kumar, principal secretary of higher and technical education. Education institutes will also have to follow self-discipline while advertising and ensure that they don't mislead students. The move came following the Bombay high court's directives to the state government last year to take steps to put brakes on the increasing number of fake institutes and courses in the state.\"Many bogus institutions have mushroomed in the state over the years. These institutes often mislead students and are not equipped, in terms of infrastructure and academic excellence, to train students,\" said Rajesh Tope, minister of higher and technical education. He also added that in many cases, students have complained about being fooled by institutes about facilities that were not even present in the college campus in the first place. \"Some institutes also fool students with lucrative placement offers and then fail to keep up to their promises. Such institutes can be fined, too,\" added Tope.According to the provisions in the Bill, bogus institutes will have to refund the fees collected from the students. There is also a provision to levy heavy fines, if found guilty. It also makes disclosure of the course curriculum and other important details mandatory for institutes. \"The Bill aims to put an end to the chaos and stress students go through even after getting through an educational institute and paying big money,\" added Kumar.The Bill will be placed in the assembly in this week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12702082", "title": "Poor rail link irks UP, Bihar passengers", "text": "INDORE: Train connectivity from the city to eastern parts, especially parts of Uttar Pradesh and Patna , are very poor adding to pressure on the services during the vacations. For over four lakh people from Uttar Pradesh and Bihar residing in Indore and Dewas there are only two trains from here that connect these states. Long waiting list and unavailability of seats for months have only added to their woes.The organization had also written a letter to the railway minister and railway board in this connection, but in vain. They are now planning to organize a 'rail rokko' agitation.\"Currently, Indore-Patna train has waiting list of more than 700 and berths are not available for the next two months. Our request to increase the frequency of Indore-Patna Express and starting new trains bore no result,\" said president of the association Thakur Jagdish Singh. He said the trains are not in proportion to the population.\"Now, people of the North-eastern states, particularly Bihar and Uttar Pradesh, will go on agitation against lack of railway facility in Indore and absence of direct trains,\" Singh said.The association is demanding a direct train between Indore and Darbhanga via Varanasi, Gajipur, Balia, Chapra, Muzaffarpur and Samastipur. They are also demanding a direct train between Indore and Guwahati via Patna, Munger, Bhagalpur and Katihar.Singh said extension of Bhopal-Lucknow Express to Indore could ease pressure on other trains as a large number of people from Indore travel to UP.The Member of Parliament Sumitra Mahajan said she has been demanding increasing connectivity for long routes.A large number of people from north Indian states are working in Bihar and UP and many more may migrate with further development of the city. It is important to address their demand. Poor connectivity will affect the development of the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12699437", "title": "VMC to repair, conserve Laheripura Darwaja", "text": "VADODARA: Serious damage to Laheripura Darwaja - one of the four gates of the walled city - has forced Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) to swing into action and take up work on its repair on a priority basis. The gate has been in a neglected state for quite some time now even as it is on the list of monuments for which VMC has allocated funds for conservation.The issue of the gate being in a sorry state has been raised on several occasions, but little precious was done for it so far. The civic body began work on the gates last year and took up work on Panigate first with the help of the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI).But Laheripura Darwaja is a study in contrast, there are trees that have grown on it. It is has been used for installing electricity lines by hammering angles on it and, worst, gaping holes are visible on it.When the issue was brought to the notice of VMC standing committee chairman Dr Vijay Shah, he visited the gate on Monday morning along with in-charge city engineer Shailesh Mistry and inspected it. Shah said the damage to the gate was serious and immediate steps would be taken to conserve it. He said that the exteriors of the gate would be repaired immediately to ensure that lumps of plaster do not fall on any passing vehicle or citizen.Another major issue is the presence of a power distribution point inside the gallery atop the gate. Shah instructed the VMC officials to get in touch with Madhya Gujrat Vij Company Ltd (MGVCL) at the earliest and ensure that the equipment installed there is removed.\"A major issue seems to be pigeons who are present in a large number. Their droppings damage structures. We will ensure that this issue is taken care of. The gate will be cleaned of these droppings both from inside and on its exterior,\" Shah added.While the VMC may have swung into action now, the Char Darwaja Senior Citizen's Samiti had been raising this issue since long. \"We wrote to the civic body about the condition of the gates in 2008. We have also been raising the issue orally during informal interactions with prominent leaders, but little precious was done so far,\" said convener of the organization Kirti Parikh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12699559", "title": "'Better water, electricity facilities needed during Mahakumbh 2013'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: For making the Ganga clean and including Allahabad in the list of World Heritage Centres by UNESCO , activists of Prayagraj Sewa Samiti conducted a programme at Sangam in the city on Monday. The activists took 'jal sankalp' ( water vow) that they would work for making the Ganga clean. The programme was conducted amidst chanting of Vedic hymns.The activists also prayed for the health of Swami Sananda and his disciples who are campaigning for making the river Ganga clean and pollution free.Addressing the activists, convenor of Prayagraj Sewa Samiti Teerthraj Pandey informed that he has send a letter to the prime minister office for taking steps for making the river Ganga clean. In this connection , he has also demanded that Allahabd should be given the status of World heritage Centre.Further, a pucca ghat should be constructed from Nagvasuki mandir to Sangam analogous to 'Har ki Pauri' in Haridwar.Further, proper arrangements of sanitation , water, electricity should be provided in the mela area during the Mahakumbh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12697216", "title": "Change in date of birth to be made within 5 years: High Court", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa recently dismissed a plea filed by a government employee challenging his retirement on the ground that a wrong date of birth was taken into consideration by the government.The petitioner, Krishnanath Fondu Zulmi, a lineman from the electricity department, was relieved from service on November 30, 2005. He had to retire based on the birth date mentioned in his service record, on the basis of a birth certificate submitted by him. As per the service record, his date of birth was November 18, 1947.According to the petitioner, he was born on June 24, 1950, as per the birth certificate issued by the directorate of planning, statistics and evaluation. This birth certificate was registered on June 29, 1963.The petitioner's lawyer, A D Bhobe, argued that his client has been illegally retired on November 30, 2005, even as he was entitled to continue in service till June 30, 2008. The lawyer further submitted that the petitioner's date of birth was wrongly entered in the service book as November 18, 1947. Bhobe said the petitioner is entitled for monetary benefits on account of the 'wrongful act on the part of the respondent in relieving him from the services'.The government advocate, M Salkar, said that the petitioner's date of birth was entered in the service record as November 18, 1947, on the basis of a birth certificate submitted by Zulmi. The petitioner had even signed the service record on October 29, 2002, in which it is clearly mentioned that the date of birth of the petitioner is November 18, 1947, Salkar pointed out.While rejecting Zulmi's petition, a division bench comprising Justice A P Lavande and Justice U V Bakre held that in terms of Note 6(a) FR 56, the petitioner was required to effect change in the date of birth within a period of five years from the date of entering into government service, which the petitioner has not done.The court also stated that the petitioner had signed the service record as on October 29, 2002, in which his date of birth is shown as November 18, 1947.The court further observed thus: \"Taking an overall view of the matter and having regard to the settled law that any change in the birth date of a government servant should not be permitted at the fag end of his career, as held by the Apex Court in a catena of decisions, we are of the considered opinion that this is not a fit case in which the petitioner deserves to be granted any relief.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12697499", "title": "No stay on Manapure's suspension", "text": "The Nagpur bench of Bombay high court has on Monday refused to grant interim stay on the suspension order of Nagpur university BEd college principal Vandana Manapure. Her plea was listed before the division bench comprising justices Bhushan Dharmadhikari and Arun Chaudhari. The court asked NU to start departmental enquiry against her within two weeks.In her plea, Manapure had contended that despite repeated requests to the deputy director of higher education regarding assessment of salary grants, it had failed to respond. She claimed that the salary assessment was pending prior to her appointment and the NU had wrongly held her guilty. She prayed for a stay on the suspension orders issued by vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal for alleged financial irregularities that led to delay of college lecturers' salaries for three months.Citing audit reports, management council member Mahendra Nimbarte claimed that Manapure had shown an expenditure of Rs 2 lakh for a picnic organized at a nearby location and for gathering. But she failed to provide details of these expenditures. tnnNimbarte who first raised the issue in the Management Council meeting with documents, added that Manapure had published 10 copies of a college magazine at a cost of around Rs 3,000, but submitted bills of Rs 60,000 for the same. She had even showed an antivirus software was purchased for Rs 68,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12696617", "title": "Bravery awards for three state youngsters", "text": "MUMBAI: It was a function timed to coincide with the centenary year of aviation. As a line-up of veteran defence personnel took turns to receive bravery awards for battling terrorists and rescuing civilians, three young children from the state shared the limelight for their personal acts of courage. The Legacy of Heroes Tour, an international project with a current stopover in India, celebrated these brave Maharashtrians, all previous winners of the President's Medal, with a cash award and a plaque of honour.Asma Khan (19), was an inmate at the Mankhurd children's home during the Mumbai floods of July 2006. \"The water level rose to an alarming height of five feet, sending the rest of the 100 children into panic. I gathered several of them, hoisted the small ones on my shoulder and carried them to the campus dispensary that was located on higher ground,\" Asma recalled.Asma won the National Bravery Award in 2007, the same year as Ankita Bhosle, another recipient.At the age of six, on June 3, 2005, Ankita witnessed a loss that no child should have to bears. \"My mother, aunts, my older brother and I had gone to a secluded spot near the village river to wash clothes because the regular area was crowded,\" the young girl recalled. \"Suddenly, my brother was pulled into the vortex of a whirlpool. As my mother and my aunts swam to his rescue, each got sucked in. I threw a sari toward one of my aunts and managed to pull her ashore,\" the young girl said. Ankita lost her mother, brother and an aunt in the tragedy, but remains stoic and has not cried a day since then.The third winner, Rohit Maulik, was all of 13 when the incident that led to his bravery award occurred. On October 30, 2010, Rohit, was at his home in Bhadvan village, Kolhapur, when he heard a friend shout that a young boy had fallen into a nearby lake. Displaying remarkable reflexes Rohit jumped into the water to rescue the kid, Vinayak Jadhav, who had accidentally slipped in. \"I am happy I could help,\" Rohit said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12699563", "title": "Mumbai police yet to contact district cops", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Mumbai police is yet to contact district cops in connection with the killing of Nepali actress Meenakshi Thapa.Mumbai police on Sunday had claimed to have solved Meenakshi's murder but cops here said they had not been contacted yet.SSP Naveen Arora said they would offer all sorts of assistance to Mumbai police if asked for it. According to reports, Meenakshi, 26, was murdered by two struggling actors in Gorakhpur and her beheaded body thrown into a septic tank in Allahabad.Reports said Meenakshi Thapa, who was settled in Dehradun before moving to Mumbai, was allegedly murdered by Amit Kumar Jaisawal and Preeti Elvina Surin. The accused had been carrying the severed head of Meenakshi for two days before throwing it out of a bus on their way to Mumbai. The victim had gone missing a month ago from her Lokhandwala residence.Mumbai police said the duo had befriended Thapa at a film shoot. The accused brought Meenakshi to Allahabad in March on the pretext of a film shoot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12697832", "title": "Pain is way of life for haemophilia sufferers", "text": "NAGPUR: How much money does it take to heal a cut sustained on a finger by a blade? None, just a couple of minutes for the bleeding to stop, did you say? Imagine having to shell out 4,000 for it.Imagine the condition of a child who is told to stop playing sports as a small wound caused by the ball or the pushing and shoving may prove fatal for him.Sarang Nimje was working in a software company in Mumbai. The presence of a disease, however, meant that he had to take leave from work for several days at stretch. Finally, he decided to come back to Nagpur and started teaching at a junior college.These seemingly unimaginable situations are routine for those suffering from haemophilia, a disease in which the body does not have the ability to clot blood. The worse part is there is no cure for it and those suffering from it have to battle it all their lives. The worst is that the only relief they have, taking shots of the factors that their bodies can't synthesize, is so expensive that it is beyond the reach of most people suffering from it.\"Most of the cases of the disease are diagnosed when the children are only a few months old. Parents bring the babies when they have been injured because of a fall, have bleeding knees when they start crawling or sudden blue spots appear on the baby's body. For a big number of patients, it is accidental discovery that leads to the knowledge of the prevalence of the disease,\" said paediatrician Dr Anju Kadu. She laments the fact that many times taking care of these children involves stopping them from getting into strenuous physical activities. \"We have to tell them to restrict to swimming and indoor games,\" she said.\"Pain is a way of life for us,\" said businessman Abhiskek Bongariwar, who suffers from the disease. He said that the worst problem for sufferers of the disease is the recurring episodes of internal bleeding. \"I have been told that the pain one experiences during these spontaneous episodes is higher on the pain scale than even that women experience while giving birth,\" he added.\"In most western countries, people suffering from haemophilia are administered with the shots on a regular basis even when there are no injuries. This is possible as the coagulation factors are provided by the government, which is not the case in India. While 75% sufferers can't afford treatments abroad, the proportion in India goes upto 90%,\" said Anuradha Sambhare, secretary of city-based NGO Haemophilia Society.Surgeon Dr Deepak Goel said that most people suffering from the disease are from the lower socio-economic groups and avoid the treatment as it incurs high expenditure. \"Many of the doctors are also scared to treat these patients due to lack of knowledge of the disease. In India, states like Karnataka, MP, and Delhi have started providing free units of the factors to patients but in Maharashtra the only centre where these factors are given free of cost is the KEM Hospital in Mumbai,\" he said.What is haemophilia?It is a chronic, genetic disorder in which the body of the person affected is unable to clot blood. People having the disease do not have the coagulation factor, a chemical that helps blood clotting, in their blood. This means that they bleed longer than others after an injury.Though there is no treatment for the disease, people suffering from it are injected with the lacking factor. Only men are affected by this bleeding disorder while females are only carriers of the gene that causes it (as it is an X-linked recessive disorder). It is not necessary for the children of careers or even sufferers to acquire the disease.One in every 10,000 Indians suffer from it, however, only 14,000 of them are registered patients. Global estimates say that around 75% of those affected cannot afford the treatment for haemophilia, activists believe that the figure is much higher for Indians.Types:There are two types of the disease - A and B. In the first, there is an absence of factor VIII while the second is caused by a lacking factor IX. Type A of the disease is much more common than type B.Depending on the severity of the disease, it can be categorized as severe, moderate and mildDiagnosis:Girls can go in for carrier detection tests before marriage or when planning a familyPregnant women can get a pre natal diagnosis doneAnte natal diagnosis can be done after the birth of a childTreatment:Though there is no remedy for the disease, replacement of the missing factors is the only relief for the patients in case of an injury or internal bleedingRegular exercise and physiotherapy can help reduce the episodes of spontaneous bleedingExperts swear by the RICE (Rest, Ice, Compression, Elevation) treatment during a severe episode of bleeding", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12701930", "title": "Delhi election results: BJP headed for victory", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP on Tuesday appeared heading for a victory in the elections to all the three newly-formed municipal corporations of Delhi.Of the 80 results declared by State Election Commission so far, BJP has bagged a total of 49 of 272 wards in all the three corporations while Congress has won 19 seats.Eight Independents have also won, BSP 2 besides one each by JD(U) and INLD.As per the trends available, BJP is leading in 130 wards out of the total 272 wards while Congress is ahead in 80 seats. Others, including BSP, is ahead 54 seats.In South Delhi Corporation, BJP has won or is leading in as many as 43 out of the 104 wards while Congress was ahead in 32 seats. Interestingly, others are leading in 20 seats.East Delhi Corporation is witnessing a close fight with BJP winning or leading in 28 seats while Congress is ahead in 23 seats.In North Delhi Corporation, which has 104 seats, BJP is ahead in 59 seats while Congress is ahead in 25 seats. Others are leading 12 wards.Stakes are high for both the national parties in the municipal polls, considered as a semi-final ahead of the Assembly elections next year.In the 2007 polls to the undivided Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD), BJP had bagged 36.17 per cent of the around 42.35 lakh votes polled while Congress got 29.17 per cent. BSP's vote share was 9.87 per cent.BJP has 164 councillors in the undivided MCD against Congress' 67 and BSP's 17.Congress sought to downplay the results with party spokesperson Rashid Alvi saying that MCD polls should be seen only as civic polls. BJP's M Venkaiah Naidu said BJP's good governance in MCD and Congress' corruption resulted in the good show of his party.We see MCD polls as civic polls, nothing else: CongressCongress sought to downplay the surge of BJP in the Delhi municipal elections saying it should be seen only as civic polls, while the saffron party said corruption and price rise helped them.\"Last time BJP had won the MCD polls but Congress came to power in Assembly. Congress even went on to win all the seven Parliament seats. MCD polls should be seen only as MCD polls,\" Congress spokesperson Rashid Alvi said.BJP National Vice-President M Venkaiah Naidu, however, said corruption and price rise were the main reasons for Congress' rout and his party's victory.\"It is a BJP win. Good governance of BJP in MCD polls, corruption by Congress and price rise are the three main issues for the rout of Congress party,\" Naidu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12702075", "title": "Kin block Bhopal-Indore road in protest", "text": "INDORE: Traffic on the Bhopal-Indore road was held up for over three hours on Monday morning as the relatives of person, who was allegedly murdered, resorted to road blockade against the incident. The protesters were demanding compensation and the arrest of culprits responsible for the death of 32-year-old farmer, who was allegedly tied to a jeep and dragged on Sunday morning.A large number of vehicles coming from both the directions- were held up on the busy Bhopal-Indore road.District collector Nikunj Shrivastava and SSP Yogesh Chaudhary met the protesting relatives. \"We have assured them that the culprits will be arrested and have declared a reward on their arrest,\" said the SSP. \"The situation is under control. It is an isolated incident in farthest corner of the city,\" said Chaudhary reassuring to arrest the culprits. The vehicle in question has also been impounded and investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12697936", "title": "\u2018Facebook, Apple threat to free web\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a rare public outburst , Sergey Brin , who cofounded Google with Larry Page , said the free web is under threat from governments, Hollywood and companies like Facebook and Apple. \"Very powerful forces have lined up against the open internet on all sides and around the world. I am more worried than I have been in the past,\" Brin told UK newspaper Guardian. \"It's scary.\"While much of his ire was targeted towards governments, Brin singled out Facebook and Apple. He said the 'app model' is creating \"restrictive\" walled gardens because it allows companies like Apple and Facebook to tightly control software and content that is available to users. Google competes with Apple through its Android operating software for cellphones. The company's social networking website, Google+, is a competitor to Facebook.\"You have to play by their rules, which are really restrictive ,\" he said. \"The kind of environment that we developed Google in, the reason that we were able to develop a search engine, is the web was so open.\"\"I thought there was no way to put the genie back in the bottle, but now it seems in certain areas the genie has been put back in the bottle. There's a lot to be lost.\"At the same time, Hollywood movie studios are attempting to clamp down on the open web in the name of tackling piracy, said Brin while criticizing Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA), which was scrapped recently in the US amid protests led by Google, Wikipedia and Reddit.Brin's comments come at a time when governments - even in the western countries - are looking to monitor and control the way people use the internet.In India too, there have been calls to monitor the web. In fact, Google, along with several other websites including Facebook, are in the dock for allegedly failing to remove user-generated \"objectionable material\" from their networks.Last year, India also introduced a new set of amendments to the IT Act. The rules were widely criticized. Recently, P Rajeeve , an MP and a member of CPI(M), moved a motion in Rajya Sabha for the annulment of new IT rules. At the same time, the Software Freedom Law Centre has started an online petition against the rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12696578", "title": "Corporators fail to return official laptops", "text": "MUMBAI: Almost a month after the new civic body was formed and despite repeated reminders, 64 of the 227 corporators from the previous term are yet to return their official laptops to the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC). The civic body has decided to add the cost of the laptop to the property tax of the defaulters. On Monday, the BJP however, demanded that laptops be given to the new corporators.Aseem Gupta, additional municipal commissioner, said, \"Despite sending several reminders, the corporators have not responded. If the laptops are not returned we will have to deduct the money from the property tax.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12696877", "title": "Karol Bagh robbery: Domestic help, aide arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: A domestic help and his accomplice have been arrested for robbing a businessman's house in Karol Bagh. The robbery occurred on April 12 when the businessman's wife was alone at home.The accused have been identified as Amod alias Pramod (21) and Manoj Kumar (29). On the afternoon of April 12, the domestic help Pramod told Rashmi, his employer, that two of his friends were waiting outside the house and they wanted water. An unsuspecting Rashmi allowed him to give them water and continued to watch TV in her bedroom. \"Suddenly, Pramod and his friends entered her room. They tied her hands with a rope, gagged her and locked her in the bathroom. Then the trio began to ransack the house,\" said Srivastava.After 10 minutes, Rashmi's children came from school. Meanwhile, she managed to free herself and came out of the bathroom. Rashmi and the children chased the accused for a while but couldn't stop them. They fled with six gold rings, four cellphones, a wrist watch, silver coins, a diamond ring and Rs 50,000 in cash, said a senior police officer.\"The accused, belonging to Vaishali district, Bihar, had been using this modus operandi for quite some time to make easy money. They used to identify rich families where most of the members were working, get employed as servants, win the confidence of their employers and then rob them\", said Srivastava. During investigation, cops learnt that Pramod had not been verified by his employers. \"The accused used to threaten the employers to leave the jobs in case they pressed them to get their residence verified,\" said Srivastava.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12700499", "title": "Jharkhand CM demands package for two Red-hit districts", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda has demanded a special development package for Maoist-hit Latehar and Garhwa districts in the line of ongoing Centre-sponsored Saranda Development Plan.At the same time, he vehemently opposed the proposed National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) during the meting of chief ministers with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in New Delhi on Monday. \"The proposed NCTC in the present format is not acceptable as it is against the federal system of the country. At time of formulation of NCTC, our views were ignored and it is not acceptable,\" said Munda.The chief minister was accompanied by state home secretary J B Tubid and DGP G S Rath.\"Only development of remote areas can help fight the menace and this is the reason I asked for special development package for Garhwa and Latehar like Saranda in West Singhbum,\" said Munda.The Union government has provided Rs 225 crore for development of the Saranda region, which was considered to be headquarters of the rebels till security forces dislodged them last year and execution of development projects started on war footing in six panchayats of Manoharpur block.Munda also demanded continued support for police modernization till 2020. \"Against the sanctioned funds of Rs 372.50 crore, we have used Rs 362.50 crore in the last fiscal. In view of the necessity and urgency for continued support for modernization, I demanded that the Centre should extend the scheme till 2020,\" said Munda.The chief minister also tried to corner the Union government in name of failure of central intelligence for its failure to detect movement of inter-state explosive and weapons.On the other hand, he assured completing recruitment of constables and junior officers by end of this calendar year. Around 9,000 posts of constables and 400 junior officers are vacant in the state. \"We are also raising a battalion of State Industrial Security Force to protect banks and industries,\" said Munda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12696936", "title": "Women thugs on prowl, rob couple after offering lift", "text": "NEW DELHI: Frantically looking for a mode of transport, 77-year-old Bhagat Singh heaved a sigh of relief when a young suave woman in her twenties offered him and his wife a lift. Little did he know that he would be robbed by the occupants of the car.The couple had taken a bus from Hari Nagar to Talkatora Stadium and wanted to go to gurudwara Rakabganj in the Parliament Street area. As Singh was looking for a mode of public transport, a light grey colored sedan stopped by. The woman behind the wheel, who spoke fluent English, politely asked if the old couple needed to get somewhere. The couple told her that they had to go to the gurudwara. The woman replied that even she was headed in the same direction. As it was getting sunny, the couple accepted the offer. There were two elderly women seated in the car as well.A casual chat followed. The women asked the old couple where they lived and other details about their family. The naive couple was impressed with the way the women behaved with no clue about what was to follow. The women then dropped them at Pandit Pant Marg. The couple hurriedly moved to the side of the road because of the traffic. Suddenly, Singh realized that his wife's necklace and mangalsutra were missing. Kaur also found that her gold bangles, rings and chains were missing.The harassed couple dialled 100 and informed the cops about the incident. A case of theft under section379 of IPC has been registered. The victims provided cops with the age group and other personality related information of the women and said that the two older women were in their later thirties. Cops are trying to trace the accused on the basis of the description. Sources said that a Volkswagen car was used in the crime as the couple and a witness noticed a V sign on the rear of the vehicle.Bhagat Singh retired from the post of manager in Delhi Transport Corporation. He lives with his wife, Satnam Kaur, in Subhash Nagar area of west Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12700484", "title": "\u201cDhammu\u201d to be censored soon", "text": "NTR Jr's upcoming film &quot;Dhammu&quot; will reportedly be censored either on April 20 or April 21, according to latest reports. The film, directed by Boyapati Sreenu, is in the last stages of post production and will hit the screens on April 27.Keeravani's background score is expected to be one of the highlights with the film's music already becoming popular among the people. Trisha and Kartheeka play the female leads in this mass entertainer and veteran actress Bhanupriya will be seen as NTR Jr's mother. Produced by Alexander Vallabha, KS Rama Rao is presenting the film under Creative Commercials banner. Source: 123telugu.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12697654", "title": "Indian Mujahideen chief got passport in Shah Rukh Khan\u2019s name", "text": "BANGALORE: Riyaz Bhatkal, founder of the terror group Indian Mujahideen (IM), allegedly obtained a passport under the name of Shah Rukh Khan from Ranchi on January 21, 2010, intelligence sources said.The Ranchi passport of the terror mastermind is believed to have sparked an Interpol red-corner notice, resulting in Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan being subjected to interrogation at a New York airport last week.\"The Intelligence Bureau had flashed an alert to airports across the globe about Riyaz Bhatkal carrying a passport with the alias of Shah Rukh Khan,\" sources said.Riyaz is suspected of having several passports bearing different names. He has travelled to Dubai and Pakistan several times from Indian airports as well as from Nepal, sources said. Intelligence officers are checking whether Riyaz had used the Ranchi passport while flying abroad. \"Every time Riyaz flies abroad, he uses a different passport,\" they said.His close confidant Kamal Hassan , who was arrested from Kolkata, also threw light on the motive behind the blasts at the Chinnaswamy stadium in Bangalore minutes before an IPL match was to begin there on April 17, 2010. \"On March 3, 2009, a bus carrying Sri Lankan cricketers was targeted by gunmen in Lahore. Riyaz declared that it was the handiwork of India and wanted to avenge it. The stadium blasts were part of this vengeance mission,\" Hassan told investigators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12702164", "title": "Police gears up for PM visit to Assam", "text": "GUWAHATI: Assam Police have made all arrangements for Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's day-long visit here on April 20. The city police have called for a security beef up keeping in mind the Ulfa hardliner's 12-hour Assam bandh opposing the PM's visit.\"The Prime Minister will fly along with his security in three special helicopters from LGBI airport to Nehru stadium here.Following that, he will visit the B Barooah Cancer Institute to inaugurate two new facilities for the cancer patients. After that he will head for the Dispur parade ground to attend the platinum jubilee celebration of Assam secretariat,\" said a top police official.The Prime Minister is scheduled to inaugurate the platinum jubilee celebration of the state assembly on the same day. The SPG team has arranged security measures for the PM after having a discussion with the city police.Police beefs up security for Manmohan's visit on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "sasaram", "code": "12698095", "title": "LPG dealer's wife, sister killed in Sasaram", "text": "SASARAM: A dalit LPG dealer's wife and sister were killed, five other family members seriously injured and property worth Rs 10 lakh looted by criminals at New Area, a prime locality here, on Sunday night. Two of the seriously injured, who happen to be brothers, were referred to PMCH in critical condition.Rohtas SP Manu Maharaj reached the spot with a dog squad on Monday morning. Raids were on to nab the culprits.The heart-rending incident has caused an acute sense of insecurity among the locals as the police have failed to crack crime in the district headquarters which has witnessed at least half a dozen serious crime in last one-and-a-half year. The Local LPG dealers observed bandh here in protest against the incident on Monday.The armed criminals stormed into the rented house of LPG dealer Ravindra Ram and made all the eight family members hostage at gunpoint. Then the criminals started beating them with lathi and iron rods till they became unconscious. After this, they looted Rs 7 lakh cash and jewellery and other items worth Rs 3 lakh.Ram's wife Sangeeta Devi and sister Babita succumbed to their injuries at Sasaram Sadar Hospital and Patna Medical College and Hospital (PMCH), respectively. Two brothers-in-law of Ram were referred to Patna in critical condition. Ram himself, his two children and brother were admitted to Gopal Narain Singh Medical College and Hospital here where their condition is stated to be out of danger. Business dispute is said to be the reason behind the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12699583", "title": "Former Allahabad municipal corporation staff continue strike", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The former employees of Allahabad Municipal Corporation continued their ongoing strike even on 33rd day demanding full payment of their salary pending for past five months. They also shouted slogans against AMC authorities.At about 12:00 noon, additional municipal commissioner GN Shukla met the agitating retired employees and requested them to end the strike. He also assured that their problems would be solved on priority basis as the new municipal commissioner would join the office. However, the agitating employees were adamant on continuing their strike and demanded that unless and until, full payment of the pension for the past five months are not being paid, they would continue their strike.The pensioners also said that they would apprise the problems facing them for the past five months to the new municipal commissioner when he would join the office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12697471", "title": "Civic approval clears way for 22-storey buildings in Vasai-Virar", "text": "MUMBAI: The proposed amendment to the Development Control Regulations (DCR) for the Vasai-Virar region has been approved by the civic general body paving the way for high-rises up to 22 storeys in the region.The proposal will now be sent to the state government for sanction. The Vasai-Virar Municipal Corporation (VVMC) had moved the proposal to amend the 2004 DCR approved by CIDCO. Last week, the DCR proposal was approved at a special general body meeting of the civic house. The ruling Bahujan Vikas Aghadi (BVA) got 51 votes in favour of the amendment. Vasai MLAs' Janandolan Samiti corporators opposed the proposal.The proposed DCR offers scope for construction of towers up to 70 metres (22 floors). At present, buildings up to 24 metres or seven floors are permitted as per the 2004 DCR. The civic administration's decision to go vertical is based on a high-power committee recommendation to extend 22 DCR of Mumbai to the rest of the Mumbai Metropolitan Region (MMR). Several redevelopment projects in the region are awaiting the civic nod. Corporators, however, say that infrastructure needs to go hand in hand with development. The lack of sufficient water supply, problems of load shedding, poor condition of roads and connectivity with Mumbai, need to be tackled before going vertical, said corporators.The civic administration will invite suggestions from the public before submitting the proposal to the government for sanction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12697561", "title": "Boiling milk helps reduce oxytocin: Expert", "text": "LUCKNOW: Boiling milk before consumption is a good way to minimize traces of oxytocin in milk. Experts in fact recommend boiling even pasteurized milk which refers to heating the milk to a specific temperature and for a definite length of time and then cooling it immediately. This process slows spoilage due to microbial growth in the food. \"The enzymes of oxytocin break down into several units which can limit the ill effects to certain level,\" said a quality control expert at Parag.Even organized milk cooperatives bank on heat treatment for limiting traces of oxytocin. The cooperatives are not equipped to hold specific tests to decipher if a certain milk sample has traces of oxytocin or not. Confirming this, general manager, parag dairy, Lucknow, SK prasad said: \"though a lot of samples are weeded out at the level of society but we do not have a specific hormone test to ascertain the presence of oxytocin in a sample. \"When asked to comment if such testing facilities were available at the plant level, he said, \"oxytocin is a hormone and dairies do not perform hormone test.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12696377", "title": "Speed limiters planned for double-deckers", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbaikars' commute on double-decker buses may get a little slower but safer at the same time. The speed of double-decker buses has been proposed to be limited to 40kmph by fitting speed limiters designed indigenously by the BEST engineers.Making training of drivers more rigorous, increasing staff to check the speed of buses while driving, and coordination with traffic police are the other steps which are likely be taken to curb the accident-free drives.These proposals came up before the BEST committee meeting on Monday during a debate over the recent mishap in which a double decker overturned and killed a biker. BEST chairman Ashok Patil said the final decisions on the proposals would be taken in the next meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12700354", "title": "Court issues non-bailable warrant against DSP Amarjeet Shahi", "text": "KANPUR: Chief metropolitan magistrate Peeyush Pandey, on Monday, issued non-bailable warrant against DSP Amarjeet Shahi accused of physically exploiting and blackmailing the daughter of an Indian Air Force officer.Investigation officer JN Singh applied for non-bailable warrant against Shahi, presently posted at Pratapgarh.It is learnt that Shahi had left for Punjab after applying for leave to evade arrest. His family had also gone into hiding.On Thursday last, the victim had charged Shahi of physically exploiting and blackmailing her.The girl, who got her statement recorded under Section 164 CrPC second time in the court, had repeated the charge which she had levelled in her statement recorded under the provisions of 161 CrPC earlier.The girl had stated that the DSP had developed intimacy with her family and in the absence of her parents once he came and administered some drug to her. When she had lost senses, DSP Shahi had exploited her physically and had made an indecent MMS.Thereafter, he had started blackmailing her and had threatened to send her father to jail under Narcotics Act.According to police sources, Shahi's arrest would now be easy. His transit from Punjab would be smooth after obtaining the non-bailable warrant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12701806", "title": "Tomar records statement; anger brews among cops", "text": "INDORE: The city superintendent of police (CSP), Dilip Singh Tomar, who is facing the ire of a local MLA belonging to the ruling party for acting against a few spurious liquor traders, has reportedly got his statement recorded before superintendent of police Srinivasa Verma here on Monday evening, said sources in the know of the development.Verma recorded the statement of the CSP in the evening, said sources. However, repeated efforts to contact the SP went in vain. Anger is brewing among the cops in the city after the transfer of the CSP to the state capital. An official on condition of anonymity said that it was against the natural law of justice as Tomar was punished without hearing his part. He said that this move would hamper the morale of the cops in city. The CSP was transferred allegedly under pressure from local MLA Jitu Jirati for allegedly acting against spurious liquor traders, who were reportedly his supporters, in the city a few days back. The BJP leader allegedly threatened the CSP to teach him a lesson.Trouble started for Tomar after the MLA reportedly demanded the release of his supporters, who were arrested on charges of bootlegging and when the CSP refused to bow to the pressure, Jirati reportedly staged a protest threatening the police officer with dire consequences. Interestingly, Jerati's aide Lalu Singh alias Lal Singh is a resident of Chhapari village coming under jurisdiction of Rajendra Nagar police station. He had a criminal back ground and has been booked twice in 2008 and 2009 under Section 34 of the Excise Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12697647", "title": "CID wants Facebook to delete anti-Didi posts", "text": "The state CID has written to Facebook to delete certain morphed images of CM Mamata Banerjee after a Trinamool Congress supporter lodged a complaint, citing specific posts and \"objectionable comments\" flooding social networking sites.The CID also wants to know the IP addresses from where the pictures were posted. It is sure to scare netizens after what happened to Jadavpur University professor Ambikesh Mahapatra, who was arrested for forwarding a cartoon chain mail on the CM. Salt Lake-resident Suman Naskar has alleged in his complaint that some youths were using Facebook and Twitter to malign Mamata. The FIR was lodged on April 12, the very day Ambikesh was arrested.The case was handed to the CID's cyber crime cell immediately. And on Saturday, the CID wrote to Facebook to delete the images and provide the IP details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12697107", "title": "BRT on auto-mode, Delhi crawls", "text": "NEW DELHI: You would have never imagined that travelling on the BRT corridor could get more frustrating. But as a single day's experiment proved, placing all signals on automatic mode resulted in spiraling jams, especially at the Chirag Dilli intersection. As Central Road Research Institute conducts its study on BRT following the Delhi high court's order, commuters on the stretch are at their wits' end.\"If the government doesn't scrap this corridor, I will personally get a shovel and start breaking these lane dividers,\" fumed Swati, a regular commuter on the stretch. On Monday, even as peak hour traffic snarls ended everywhere else in the city, a long line of vehicles remained waiting at the intersection through the agonizingly slow traffic cycle.\"It is 11am and the traffic jam is never-ending. At the BRT corridor, jams seem to never end. I get stuck in traffic even in the afternoon. At night, I stop at every red light and it takes 25 minutes to travel between Moolchand and Saket,\" said Pranit, a resident of GK who frequents the stretch. On Monday afternoon, there was a huge traffic pile-up in the stretch after a water tanker broke down near the Ambedkar Nagar-Khanpur junction. \"Though it took 15 minutes to remove the tanker, the traffic disruption that followed took over an hour to clear,\" said a senior traffic police officer.While CRRI has planned different schedules for its study, placing the traffic signals on automatic mode had spelled chaos for the stretch. \"On Friday, all signals were placed on automatic mode and the traffic pile-up doubled the usual length. Usually, the signals are manually handled during peak hours as the traffic congestion is too high at the time and the intelligent traffic lights cease to address the situation at the Chirag Dilli and Siri Fort intersections. Now, the volume count on all arms of the intersections are being noted to check the pattern,\" said an official. Sources said there would be no change in the signal cycles till Wednesday, till when CRRI would study the normal traffic pattern.When a TOI team visited the spot on Monday, CRRI officials were seen noting the traffic tail on the stretch on an hourly basis. \"We are measuring the traffic volume on the intersections in peak as well as lean hours. These will then be compared to the traffic volume on the other lanes such as the bus lane and non-motorized vehicle lane. Prima facie, it has been found that there is considerable traffic pile-up on the regular lanes even as the bus lanes remain vacant,\" said an official.\"While there are a very large number of cars that get stranded on this stretch, there are many people who travel on the BRT lane and violators end up getting precedence over others who are unduly detained. The lanes are not sacrosanct and it has been found that the non-motorized lanes are used by motorcyclists and other vehicles instead of cycles,\" said a source.The six-week study will test the viability of the corridor between Moolchand and Ambedkar Nagar and submit its report to the court.While CRRI officials remained tightlipped about the study, which has to be first submitted to court, sources said the agency was observing the usage pattern of the bus, non-motorized vehicle and private vehicle lanes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12698312", "title": "Gang loots Rs 31k from petrol pump", "text": "PUNE: A gang of seven suspects allegedly thrashed an employee of a petrol pump on the Katraj-Kondhwa Road and looted Rs 31,600 late on Sunday night.A complaint in this regard has been lodged by Rahul Raipure (27) of Katraj-Kondhwa Road with the Bharati Vidyapeeth police station.Assistant police inspector S S Kale said that Raipure works at the petrol pump. On Sunday night, a youth came to the petrol pump and asked Raipure to sell him petrol in a bottle. Raipure refused to do so, Kale said. The youth later returned with six accomplices. \"The suspects beat up Raipure, stole Rs 31,600 from him and fled from the spot,\" Kale said. tnnKale said that the gang came back again after some time and thrashed the owner and other employees.\"We have launched a search operation to trace the suspects,\" Kale said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "12696555", "title": "Telangana leaders divided over Prajapatham", "text": "NIZAMABAD: The Telangana Joint Action Committee (T-JAC) has asked its members and the people from the region to grill officials and pubic representatives over the separate statehood issue at Prajapatham meets but what is surprising is the Telangana Rashtra Samiti's stance which seems to suggest that the party would rather remain quiet during the programme.T-JAC chairman M Kodandaram has asked Telangana protagonists to grill government officials and members of the ruling Congress party on the T issue when the latter came calling for the Prajapatham exercise.But TRS MLAs, instead of questioning the ruling party leaders, passively went through with the programme. The first day of Prajapatham passed off without any disturbances in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12700474", "title": "Ajay, Anil to race on the F1 track", "text": "Ajay and Anil will play out their screen characters in a supercar race on the F1 trackDuring a casual conversation over dinner, that the two actors began indulging in a bit of boy-talk. That is, they began exchanging notes on their fitness and agility and their need for speed. That is when Ajay, who is into sports cars, challenged Anil to a car race. Anil was rather surprised but took it sportingly. It was then decided that both the actors would test their skills on the F1 track in Delhi.Elaborating on the grand adventure, Kapoor said, \"We have taken to it rather seriously. And have also decided on the cars we will drive.\" Mirror has learnt that while Anil will race in a silver Lamborghini, Ajay will contest in a yellow one. \"That's right. The race will be run on pure merit,\" says Anil.An official from the Buddh International Circuit (on request of anonymity) confirmed that the two actors are slated to contest in a race on F 1 track. \"The reception among drivers to this track has been overwhelmingly positive. Anil and Ajay should be having a ball,\" said the official. However, Anil is not taking this challenge lightly as he is not accustomed to driving super cars. And to avoid conceding defeat to his Tezz co-star, he is going to Delhi to tame the Lamborghini.Laughs the actor, \"So Ajay has the edge alright. But who knows, I may just shock him at the post. I shall put my best foot forward.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12701742", "title": "Campco chocolates for MP milk parlours", "text": "MANGALORE: The multi-state cooperative Central Arecanut and Cocoa Marketing and Processing Co-operative (Campco) Ltd has inked a pact with MP State Cooperative Dairy Federation to market their chocolates in 398 milk parlours of the Federation in Madhya Pradesh from June. Aimed at strengthening the cooperation among cooperative institutions, this will give Campco a foothold in Madhya Pradesh market for chocolates manufactured in its Puttur factory.At present, Campco sells about six tonnes of mixed varieties of chocolates valued at around Rs 10-12 lakh across MP each month.\"The pact will enable Campco to expand its presence in the highly-valued market that Madhya Pradesh presents to us,\" Konkodi Padmanabha, president of Campco told TOI here on Monday. Incidentally, Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh and Delhi are the leading states where Campco is emerging as a major player.Subash Mandge, chairman of the federation said Sanchi brand of the federation is a household name back home just as Nandini is in Karnataka. \"Once there is acceptance for chocolates of Campco in 398 milk parlours, the federation will rope in the 1,380 agencies who sell the Sanchi brand of products to market these chocolates as well,\" he said.\"Given Campco's reputation, they can certainly sell more than six tones that they currently sell in MP,\" he added.M Suresh Bhandary, managing director of Campco said that Campco is ramping up chocolate manufacturing capacity of its Puttur plant. \"We are planning to increase its annual product capacity to 23,000 tonnes from the current 18000 tonnes. We have initiated a Rs 21 crore expansion project in this direction. We expect to commission this by November,\" he said, adding that this will also help the co-operative's endeavour to expand its growing presence in markets across India.Campco which presently has tie-ups with Milma of Kerala and Nandini of KMF to market its chocolates at their outlets is also trying for a similar arrangement with Sudha in Bihar. Campco which exported chocolates worth Rs 5 crore to Nepal and industrial chocolate worth Rs 3.6 crore to nation states in African continent is aiming to access Bangladesh, Bhutan, Sri Lanka and Pakistani markets. \"This may materialize shortly,\" Padmanabha added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12698164", "title": "Three children, grandmother brutally murdered in Chaksu", "text": "JAIPUR: Four members of a family, including three children aged between 8 and 15 years were brutally murdered with sharp weapons near Mahadevpura village in Chaksu on the city's outskirts. The bodies were lying scattered inside the house and on a farm nearby. The throats were slit. The police said all the three children were attacked in their sleep. One of them even woke up after being attacked and ran outside the house, but collapsed due to excessive bleeding and died. The police are looking into the possibility of some rivalry behind the crime.According to the police, the incident took place in Rakra Wali Dhani in Mahadevpura village. Three children, Ramji Lal (13), Keshanta (10) and Kavita (8) were sleeping in the courtyard of the house, while their maternal grandmother Shrigari Devi (65) was sleeping inside. \"Shrigari Devi's daughter and son-in-law work at a brick-manufacturing unit situated about three km from their house and were not at home when the incident took place on Sunday night. They usually stay at their workplace,\" said commissioner of police BL Soni.He said it seems more than one person had sneaked into the house and then slit the throat of Shringari Devi. \"It seems - Keshanta and Kavita - were killed in their sleep. However, Ramji Lal woke up after the attack and covered the wound on his neck with a handkerchief. He tried to flee but collapsed on a nearby farm,\" said the officer.The villagers spotted the bodies around 11 am on Monday and informed the police. Senior police officers rushed to the spot. A forensic examination was also conducted. Soni said the family was poor, so robbery as a motive seemed to be far-fetched. Some jewellery and cash laid intact in the house. \"Going by the brutality, we are looking into the possibility of some rivalry,\" said Soni.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12701767", "title": "Smart wheels H2O cars is my wishlist: Mrunal Jain", "text": "I really wish special H2O operated smart wheels cars existed instead of petrol and diesel cars because it would be useful to the environment and the world will be pollution free. Water vapors won't harm the environment.And there would have been this special water pumps instead of petrol pumps. This special water as substitute of petrol or diesel cars would be a great boon. The prices of this special water would be less and the cars using this H20 will be compatible with smart wheels which would adapt to the terrain on the road. The wheels would expand or shrink to face the roads and traffic situation. This special H20 based smart wheels cars will change the way we perceive driving long distances and bad roads. Smooth rides will become an order of the day. It would be so much fun driving to hill stations especially during rainy seasons as smart wheels just wont slip on the road. It would save money and environment and life will be simpler for everyone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12697895", "title": "Anti-encroachment drive continues", "text": "The otherwise 'chaotic' square of the city -Jadhav Chowk -on Monday wore a deserted look. Reason being NMC's anti-encroachment squad reaching the square and fearing action most of the vendors disappeared along with their belongings including pushcarts.Armed with two JCBs, at least three trucks and assistance from men-in-khaki, the anti-encroachment squad led by deputy engineer Dilip Jamgade cleared the encroachments from footpaths, wide roads, which were otherwise narrowed due to illegal vendors. It was a long pending demand of the motorists to clear the encroachments from this busy square where MSRTC's main bus stop and Cotton Market fire station office are situated.Similar drives were also carried out in Sadar area where squad razes encroachments from in front of Mitha Neem Durgah, old VCA stadium, Mount Road etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12698480", "title": "Haj committee seeks clarity on air fare subsidy", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Kerala State Haj Committee has sought more clarity from the Centre on the allocation of Haj subsidies as part of the Haj Policy 2012.It also welcomed the Centre's move to give more people the chance to go to Haj by limiting the government subsidy to once in a lifetime.\"According to Islam every Muslim is expected to perform Hajj once in a lifetime. So it is perfectly fine to limit government subsidy to just once. The decision to give priority to those who are in the 70-plus age category and restrictions on official Haj delegations are also welcome,\" said committee chairman P T A Rahim said.He however said the exact allocation of Haj subsidy remains unclear.\"The government subsidy component on airfare is stated to be Rs 38,800 for last year which is much higher than the normal fares charged by Air India. Besides the government had charged Rs 16,000 as airfare from each pilgrim in 2011,\" he said stating that there seemed to be some kind of 'manipulation' in the airfare.He said that foreign airlines were flying pilgrims at an exorbitant rate. \"We don't know who the real beneficiaries of the government subsidy are. Before, the Haj sector used to be a monopoly of Air India. But now the Haj flights are operated by the foreign airlines and it seems they are the biggest beneficiaries as the fare quoted by them seem to be much higher than the fare charged by Air India ,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12697249", "title": "Councillors cry foul over \u2018favouritism\u2019 to tainted contractor", "text": "GURGAON: With the aim of providing better sanitation in the city, the MCG will open the technical bid submitted by around 10 contractors on Tuesday. The ones who qualify in this round will then be invited to participate in the financial bid.However, to the dismay of councillors and several residents, the MCG has accepted the bid of Balaji Security Services as well. The contractor is already carrying out sanitation work in some parts of Gurgaon, but there are numerous complaints against it for doing a shoddy job.There have also been instances in which the contractor has threatened the sanitation department officials for complaining against him. Almost all the councillors are against him and have in fact submitted an affidavit to the state financial commissioner asking him to blacklist the agency.The councillors have threatened to approach the court if the agency is awarded the contract. \"It is beyond our understanding to even imagine that MCG officials have received the application of the contractor instead of rejecting it. It is known beyond doubt that Balaji Security Services has been doing a very inefficient job and in spite of repeatedly asking the commissioner to terminate the contract, he has failed to do. On the contrary, he has extended his work contract in 19 colonies till October this year. We will approach the court if he manages to bag the contract this time,\" said Sunita Kataria, councillor.According to sources, out of all contractors who had participated in the bid last year, only the said contractor's application has been approved this year.\"There are 10 agencies that have applied this year for the technical bid and Balaji had applied on April 7 and the application was approved the same day. Other contractors like Sulabh that participated last year are not on the final list this year,\" said a source.The MCG, on the other hand, said that it cannot stop Balaji Security Services from applying.\"This is an open tender and anybody can apply for carrying out the specified job. However, the contract will be given to only those agencies that fulfil all the norms and conditions. We have introduced stringent clauses this year making it almost impossible for contractors like Balaji to win,\" said a department official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12699322", "title": "Ganesh idol makers to protest against plaster of Paris ban", "text": "VADODARA: The Ganesh festivities this year are all set for a showdown this year. The recent police guidelines of banning plaster of Paris (PoP) for making Ganesh idols have not gone down well with the Ganesh pandal organizers and idol makers. On Sunday night, a group of ganesh pandals and idol makers met in the old city to chalk out protest plans against the notice. Their immediate demand is to remove the ban on making PoP idols.In a bid to step up their protests, the pandal organizers have decided to perform 'maha aarti' at Siddhi Vinayak Mandir in Dandia Bazaar on Wednesday.\"Our demand is very simple. There should be no ban on making PoP idols. Such notification will affect thousands of people involved in the idol making industry apart from the pandals that install decorative idols. Such decisions cannot be taken by the government without involving all concerned parties,\" Virendra Sharma, pandal organizer of Kharchikar lane, that is one of the famous pandals in the city, said.\"It won't be possible to make all the idols from clay. Also, several pandals install idols in various designs and forms. How can we make such idols out of clay?\" Sharma questioned.On Sunday night, hundreds of pandal organizers and idol makers got together and discussed the strategies that can be adopted to oppose the notification. \"The Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) has not done anything to improve the quality of Sursagar Lake or beautify it. And now they are suddenly targeting Ganesh festivals. We will protest tooth and nail. Such ban will hurt religious sentiments,\" Sharma, who is also head of Ganesh Utsav Samiti, said. However, their arguments won't go down well with environment activists who have been crying foul over immersion of PoP idols in Sursagar Lake over years.The guidelines were issued by department of environment and forests following which the police issued the notification. The notification asks idol makers to ensure that only natural clay for making idols is used instead of baked clay or plaster of Paris (PoP). The missive sent to the idol makers also states that material like flowers, clothes and other items present on the idols should also be removed before the idols are immersed.Such material should be buried separately and clothes should be donated to orphanages. The idol makers will also have to take a certificate from the local police station and the civic body stating that the colour used to prepare the idols is not toxic. Sharma had earlier told TOI that making PoP idols wouldn't be an offence, but if they are immersed in the water bodies, law will takes it own course. \"If the ban was across the country, it is understandable, but why should devotees in Gujarat suffer,\" another Ganesh pandal organizer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "12698097", "title": "Over 3,000 vehicles out in a day", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: Stranded vehicles on the Mettupalayam-Coonoor road stretched for more than two kilometers on both sides on Sunday night as traffic was affected for more than an hour. A minor accident involving a truck and a tempo traveller near Burliar added to the chaos.Police said vehicles poured into the town from three sides - the Mettupalayam-Coonoor Road, Mettupalayam-Kotagiri Road and Gudalur-Ooty Road - on the weekend. \"Around 3,000 vehicles including two-wheelers and light vehicles besides tourist buses, hit the Mettupalayam-Coonoor road on Sunday,\" said Ooty town DSP R Rangasamy.Late on Sunday evening, a tempo traveller trying to avoid a pot hole collided with a lorry coming in the opposite direction, further slowing down the traffic that was already moving at a snail's pace.\"The Mettupalayam-Coonoor-Ooty road, the most-used in March, April and May, wears a sad look with pot holes and damages all over. It is quite risky to drive on it when the traffic is heavy,\" said L Arumugam from Salem whose vehicle was stranded in the traffic jam.Repairs on the road, which is also a national highway, should have been taken up on April 9, say NHAI officials. When contacted later on the dealy, NHAI project director Ganesh Kumar Shridi said, \"We are waiting for permission from our New Delhi office to start the work. Patchwork on the Ooty-Gudalur road is going on.\" However, an inspection revealed that no road work was taking place on the Ooty-Gudalur road.V Ramsunder, assistant director of horticulture, Government Botanical Garden (GBG), said more tourists were expected in the coming weeks. \"Over 17,000 tourists registered their footfalls in the garden on Sunday while about 15,000 came on Saturday\", he said.\"The peak season is approaching fast. The NHAI officials' sluggishness, after receiving a legal notice from the Nilgiri district administration, shows their attitude,\" said Nilgiri Hoteliers' Association secretary N Chandrasekar. \"The administration should put more pressure on the NHAI as the tourists and the locals are put to great hardship.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "12700987", "title": "3 NSCN (IM) militants arrested in Dima Hasao", "text": "SILCHAR: Assam rifles and police rounded up three NSCN (IM) militants from a village near Haflong in Dima Hasao district on Saturday.Acting on a tip-off, the cops started an operation at Boro Haflong village and managed to round up the militants along with some arms and ammunition and incriminate documents, sources said.The arrested ultras were identified as NSCN (IM)'s \"2nd lieutenant and Haflong town commander\" Kiseluing Zeme alias John; Somenthing Newme, a militant; and Dethua, a linkman of the outfit.Sources said two grenades, one 9 mm pistol, 14 pieces of AK ammunition and some extortion notes were recovered from them.Following interrogation by Assam Rifles officials, the ultras were handed over to Haflong police on Sunday for further investigation, the sources added.After the surrender of major Dimasa militant outfits in southern Assam's Dima Hasao district, NSCN (IM) militants have been sneaking into Assam from neighbouring Nagaland and Manipur to engage in extortion activities. The Naga militant outfit is under a ceasefire agreement with the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12697346", "title": "High-tension wire falls in colony, two buffalos killed", "text": "GURGAON: A high-tension (HT) wire fell on two buffalos, killing them instantly, in E block of Sector 57, Sushant Lok, on Monday morning.The incident took place around 10am, triggering panic among residents, since the wire was close to the houses. A resident, Ragini Parwanda, said: \"The wire fell with a spark on the two cattle standing there. They died immediately.\" Parwand said, \"The residents are shocked because the wires are close to the houses and this could have led to any untoward incidents. \"It is very dangerous that such letal wires are not checked by authorities periodically and they could fall on anyone any time.\"The police were called and the owner of the buffalos was also informed. \"Till late evening no one came to remove the carcasses of the animals. Neither MCG nor HUDA officials did anything,\" said Parwanda.It is learnt that HUDA is carrying out some repair work of the power wires in the area. HUDA officials claimed it was DHBVN (Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam) which must be doing the repair work.The exact reason for the power cable falling off is not known but the RWA of the colony is not taking any chances. The Sushant Lok extension RWA general secretary, A C Agnihotri, said: \"This shows how mindlessly the repair work of wire cables is being done by the authorities. It was animals today, it could anyone tomorrow: children, labourers or residents.\"The area where the wire fell is close to the common passage which is used by everyone in the colony. The RWA is writing to both HUDA and power authorities cautioning them about the safety of residents. \"This is not the first time power cable repair work was done in the colony but we never expected it to be so dangerous like it was today,\" said another resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12700904", "title": "University of Plymouth signs MoU with Kaziranga University", "text": "Bill Rammell, deputy vice-chancellor, University of Plymouth, UK, on its MoU with Kaziranga University, Assam. He talks to Tirna RayQ- What does the memorandum of understanding signed with Kaziranga University, Assam entail?The agreement is to initially look at ways we could collaborate in the areas of teaching and in the longer term, in research and staff and student exchange.Q- Why did you choose Kaziranga University, Assam for the MoU?It is important that there is complementary vision and outlook so that our agreements can benefit students to the maximum. By this we mean a commitment to applied education, quality of teaching and learning, employability and personal development as well as rigourous academic standards.Q- In what ways will it benefit students?Students will benefit from different styles of teaching - there will be collaboration between Kaziranga and Plymouth on teaching styles and methods. Plymouth staff will visit Kaziranga to learn from faculty members here and take their experiences back to UK. There will also be exchange programmes and joint PhDs.Q- Why are international collaborations becoming more and more important in the 21st Century?India is becoming ever more globally important economically, socially and politically. India has a proud academic tradition, but not an arrogant one. Academics in India are keen to continue to collaborate with colleagues overseas for the benefit of their students and their research. Additionally, Indian students are ambitious and curious. People are increasingly wanting to study in different ways with different people in different places. The 'cultural fluency' this exposure engenders in students is valuable both personally and professionally.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12698443", "title": "Lifeguards rescue two boys on Fort Kochi beach", "text": "KOCHI: Two boys were rescued from drowning by lifeguards on the Fort Kochi beach on Monday morning. Police said the incident occurred when the boys, identified as Hardlin Rodrique,15, and Christian Antony, 15, of Mundamveli were caught in a big tide while they were taking bath in the sea around 8am.The boys were given first aid and handed over to the Fort Kochi police station. According to the cops, the three lifeguards on the beach immediately swung into action when they spotted the boys drifting on the deep sea.\"Their condition was stated to be stable and they were handed over to their family members. The tide took them nearly 50 metres into the sea,\" a cop said. P J Suresh, K J Sergen and C A Dennis are the lifeguards who rescued the youths.Suresh said the three of them had been on duty on the beach from 7am on Monday as a lot of youngsters had turned up to play on the beach. \"The rescued boys were not good swimmers. It was very hard to stay afloat in the sea, considering the strong currents. This is the second mishap on the beach in the past one week. Last Thursday, we rescued a mother and her five-year-old child who were pulled into the sea by a big tide that lashed the shore,\" he said.The lifeguards complained that there were no proper facilities on the beach for them. \"We have to keep our equipment at a shop as we don't have a secure place on the beach. At a time there are only three lifeguards deployed in the one-kilometre-stretch beach. It is not possible for three lifeguards to keep an eye on the entire area. Though we have requested the authorities concerned to recruit more lifeguards, they have not considered it,\" he said.Fort Kochi councillor K J Sohan said he would raise the issues highlighted by the lifeguards before the corporation council. \"We will definitely look into it and do the needful,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12697728", "title": "Dist asks for Rs 183cr aid to fight drought", "text": "NASHIK: The district administration has demanded Rs 183 crore to fight water scarcity in 581 villages of the Nashik district, with most of the money required for repairing of small water dams, water supply schemes and fodder and agriculture heads. The demand was placed before the one-man central government team of J D Sharma, joint director, expenditure, Union ministry of finance, on Monday, when he visited villages in Sinnar , the water-scarcity hit region of Nashik district, to take stock of the water situation.Sharma visited six villages in Nashik district, met farmers and panchayats and discussed the water situation of water-scarcity, informed Collector P Velrasu.Deliberating on the demand put forth, the Collector P Velrasu said the administration has demanded Rs 17 crore for NREGS to check migration in rural areas, and has asked for Rs 85 crore for drinking water supply issues - that takes care of repairs and maintenance of small check dams, water supply schemes and also making them feasible. The demand also includes Rs 7 crore for fodder and Rs 50 crore for agriculture-related issues that include compensations already given to cotton and the paddy farmers and those yet to be given as well.After touring Nashik district on Monday, Sharma will visit neighbouring Dhule on Tuesday. He was briefed about Chandwad and Deola by the respective officers while on his way to Dhule, The district at present has pressed 73 tankers, including 39 private ones, to provide water to 98 villages and 198 hamlets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12697141", "title": "MCD: New budget likely in first House meet", "text": "NEW DELHI: MCD's executive wing has expedited the process to divide manpower and infrastructure between the three new corporations. On April 30, MCD will cease to exist. Sources said that the budget of the three corporations is likely to be passed in the first House meeting.\"The source of revenue and expenditure for each corporation has to be worked out,\" said Mayank Sharma, chief financial officer, MCD, who is working out the details of the budget. Sources said that MCD officials will be discussing the budget with director local bodies on April 18.While headquarters of two corporations have been decided, East Delhi Corporation doesn't have one yet. The DSIIDC office in Patparganj Industrial area that will house East Corporation is still vacant. The civic body that will occupy three floors of the building hasn't even started renovating the area as per their requirement. \"We will hold a meeting on April 30 where everything will be decided,\" said Manish Gupta, additional commissioner (engineering), MCD.MCD is yet to fill up some important posts like municipal commissioner, municipal health officer, assessor and collector and town planner among others. In March, the civic body had advertised for filling up of 19 posts in the three corporations, but MCD sources say no application has been received so far. \"We are looking for officers on deputation. Their application has to come from the departments they are working with. We have received information about some of the officials who are keen on joining, but official application is yet to come,\" said an MCD official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "mumbai/new delhi", "code": "12698214", "title": "Grisly turn to Kakkar murder: Cops stumble upon body parts", "text": "MUMBAI/NEW DELHI: Investigations into the disappearance of aspiring film producer Karankumar Kakkar took a grisly turn on Monday when Mumbai police recovered human body parts at Kumbharli Ghat in Ratnagiri district. Police believe the parts to be of Kakkar, who went missing along with his BMW on March 5.Prime accused in the case, Vijay Palande, has told police he chopped up Kakkar's body and disposed of the pieces at Kumbharli Ghat on the Satara-Chiplun route because he wanted to steal the Delhi man's BMW and jewellery worth Rs 12 lakh.Meanwhile, sources close to the relatives of Arunkumar Tikku, who Palande is also accused of killing, have made shocking revelations. They said police told them that Palande and his cohorts got Arunkumar's son, Anuj, a Slovakian visa, did recce of Tikku's properties and may have made Anuj sign blank papers.The body parts found in Ratnagiri have been sent for forensic analysis . If it is proved they are of Kakkar , then murder charges will be added to the kidnapping case , in which model Simran Sood has also been arrested.The last time Kakkar was seen , he told a friend that he was going along with Palande. After Kakkar's family and police linked Palande to Kakkar's disappearance through CCTV footage, cops interrogated him about the Amboli man's whereabouts . Palande told police he had killed Kakkar and left the BMW at a housing society in Pune , from where the police recovered it on Sunday.A source said Kakkar's remains were found about 300 metres away from a hotel, Valley View. Four police teams were searching for the body parts in the Valley since Saturday with the help of mountain trekkers . On Monday , the trekkers found a human skull, a spinal cord and leg parts in the valley . Deputy commissioner of police (Zone 9) Pratap Dighavkar said , \"We have recovered body parts and our search will continue.\"Meanwhile, Anuj Tikku appeared clueless when asked if Palande planned to take him to Slovakia . He said he didn't know if there was a Slovakian visa in his passport , which is with police . But sources close to the Tikkus said police told them that a Slovakian visa had been procured for him . Anuj said , \"They did speak to me about going to Slovakia . They had bought a site on which they planned to build a hotel.'' He added , \"I don't know if a visa has been issued as my passport is with police.''DCP Dighavkar said, \"The accused were trying to convince Anuj to open a business with them in a foreign country .\" Anuj said he did not check his passport before submitting it to the police . The accused reportedly had Anuj's Oshiwara house keys and access to all his documents.Sources said Anuj was selected by the gang because of the amount of property his father owned. A source said, \"They had done recce of the properties and it is learnt they planned to gain control of the properties.\"Anuj , who continues to get shivers after the gruesome murder, does not recall signing any papers other than the leave-and-licence for the Oshiwara flat in which his father was found dead.\"I only remember signing leave-andlicence papers for my house. I don't quite know if I have signed any other paper,\"he said. Sources said that there are indications that model Simran Sood, who is arrested in the Kakkar kidnapping , made friends online with investment bankers and overseas real estate experts , including in Slovakia . Police also recorded the statement of stock broker Gautam Vora in the Tikku murder case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12697680", "title": "Crime branch arrests gang of thieves", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of city crime branch officials arrested four youths from near Raikhad crossroads on Monday with stolen goods worth Rs 2.29 lakh. Officials also recovered gold and silver ornaments from two jewellers in the city and recovered total of Rs 5.40 lakh worth of goods. Investigators have started search for the two minor accused in the case.According to crime branch officials, they got a tip-off that a group of youths was to come to Raikhad to dispose of the stolen goods on Monday afternoon. Working on the information, a team was deployed near Raikhad crossroads where the team found four youths in possession of two LCDs and a music system. When the group members were asked about the bills, they could not produce any. Apart from the goods worth Rs 55,000, they also found gold and silver jewellery worth Rs 1.74 lakh during body search.The group members were identified as Vikas Devda, 20, Arjun Bhoi, 24, Arjun Pande, 21, all residents of Nana Chiloda, Naroda and Hitesh Mulchandani, 26, a resident of Noblenagar, Naroda. During their questioning, the group members revealed that they have been involved in major and minor thefts for the past two years and committed crimes in Naroda, Nana Chiloda, Vastral, Kalol and Nadiad. \"We got to know that a 17-year-old youth handles the finances for the group. He would collect the booty, contact his trusted jewellers, sell the goods and distribute the money amongst group members. Search for him has been initiated. We got details of two jewellers who were having the stolen goods with them and have recovered 70 grams of additional jewellery. In total, we have been able to recover goods worth Rs 5.40 lakh from the group so far,\" said a crime branch official.Mangalsutra, bangles foundAhmedabad: Investigators searched the accused's home on Monday and recovered a mangalsutra and two gold bangles from Arjun Bhoi's residence. \"When we questioned his mother, she was unaware of the fact that her son had stolen the goods and had actually kept the jewellery for his bride-to-be. It was upon her insistence that these three pieces were not given to jewellers,\" said a crime branch official.tnnDoctor gets back his LCDCops got to know an interesting anecdote about the theft in the city during the investigation. A crime branch official told TOI that one of the two stolen LCDs recovered from the gang belonged to a doctor in the city. \"He was shocked when he got to know about break-in at his residence in 2010 when he along with his family members had gone to Himalayas for vacation in the summers. The thieves had broken in from a window by cutting the iron bars. The doctor did not only kept the space of LCD blank but also refused to install new bars till the TV is found. We are glad that the LCD has now been found,\" said the official. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12699118", "title": "Police ask Facebook to delete morphed Mamata pictures", "text": "KOLKATA: The state CID has written to Facebook asking it to delete certain morphed images of chief minister Mamata Banerjee after a Trinamool Congress supporter lodged a complaint on April 12, citing specific posts and 'objectionable comments' flooding social networking sites.The CID also wants to know the IP addresses from where the pictures were posted.It is sure to scare netizens after what happened to Jadavpur University professor Ambikesh Mahapatra, who was arrested for forwarding a cartoon chain mail on the CM.Salt Lake resident Suman Naskar has alleged in his complaint that some youths were using Facebook and Twitter to malign Mamata. The FIR was lodged on April 12 at the Electronic Complex police station in Salt Lake Sector V, the very day Ambikesh was arrested on the other side of town. The case was handed to the CID's cyber crime cell immediately. On Saturday, the CID wrote to Facebook to delete the images and provide the IP details.Facebook, in spite of being governed by US laws, responds to such requests with alacrity but only if there is a threat to national security, public order or in case someone's life is at stake. It is yet to be seen how it reacts to the CID missive.Police officers were very reluctant to talk about it. DGP (crime) V V Thambi flatly refused to comment. Special IGP (CID) Vineet Goyel would only say: \"I am aware of it.\" And DIG (CID-operations ) K Jayaraman said he was not authorised to comment on an ongoing investigation.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee, whose government is battling a public relations disaster following the arrest of Jadavpur University professor Ambikesh Mohapatra for forwarding an email lampooning her, has asked the Centre for more help to deal with cyber crimes. Terming cyber crime an internal security threat, Mamata's speech at the CMs' meet said the Centre \"should take concerted action\" to prevent it. The speech was read out at the meet by state finance minister Amit Mitra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12701175", "title": "Indian IT cos may relocate to other European countries: India to UK", "text": "LONDON: India warned the UK that its IT majors may relocate their business to other European countries, if the British government insists on tough visa rules which affect Indian IT professionals.The issue came up for discussion during meeting of Commerce and Industry Minister Anand Sharma with UK Secretary of State for Business, Innovation and Skills Vince Cable and the Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne.However, Osborne assured Sharma that the British government has decided not to make any change in the 'Intra Company Transfers' for the next two years. The proposal had upset the Indian IT industry and the government as it meant that the professionals on intra company transfers to UK would be treated \"prospective immigrants\".Sharma said this rule has badly affected the performance of Indian companies operating in the UK.\"Sharma also expressed concern that this move may force Indian companies, especially IT companies to relocate to other European capital,\" an official statement said.The Minister also raised the issue of the restrictions imposed on non-EU immigration into Britain which is adversely affecting the operations of Indian companies here.\"He specifically referred to the UK Border Agency treating Intra Company Transfers of IT experts, professionals and highly skilled workers as prospective immigrants which has affected has badly affected the performance of Indian companies operating in the UK,\" it said.Besides, Sharma also expressed concern over the issue that Indian companies who want to acquire UK firms have been facing considerable delay and long legal hassles.\"He highlighted the concerns of Indian companies who want to visit UK for business meetings and also the long delay in obtaining visa by Indian nationals,\" it said.He said Indian experts coming to the UK leave the country after completion of their contractual obligations with their employers in the UK and \"therefore they cannot be treated as economic migrants\".Highlighting the vast contributions of Indian professionals to the UK economy, Sharma said that stoppage of post -study work permits to students has not found favourable to Indian students who are not able to recover the cost of their education in the UK universities and therefore they are now looking for options to study in other countries.\"He stressed that this development is expected to impact the UK universities where at present over 40,000 Indians students have been studying,\" it added.Sharma was here for the 8th round of India-UK Joint Economic and Trade Committee (JETCO) meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12697906", "title": "Parrikar seeks better security, police reforms", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar urged the Centre to support a state initiative for better security systems necessitated by the tourist inflow and called for police reforms to complement it.Parrikar said this while speaking at the conference of chief ministers on internal security. \"Better security and police reforms are needed in view of tourist inflow to tackle the situation ,\" he said.\"What we need is technological innovation in tackling the security, particularly because many foreign tourists are visiting the state,\" Parrikar said. He also called for proper electronic surveillance of the state.The chief minister also mentioned that police modernization is necessary to deal with the situation, including that of fake currency.Parrikar also spoke about the communal harmony in Goa and asked the central government to allow another IRB battalion for Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12697227", "title": "Another Ode case order on May 4", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The special court hearing a post-Godhra riots case in Ode town has kept May 4 for pronouncement of final verdict in another case, wherein three persons were killed on March 1, 2002.In all, 27 persons were killed in three separate incidents in Ode in the aftermath of Godhra carnage. In connection with 24 deaths, an SIT court has convicted 23 persons awarding life imprisonment to 18 and seven-year jail term to five others. The court acquitted 23 persons earlier this month.In the incident that took place at Malav Bhagol in Ode, 41 persons were tried by designated judge R M Sareen and prosecution has examined more than 65 witnesses. The court arraigned four persons on application filed by witnesses under section 319 of CrPC after the Gujarat police and then SIT refused to act on their complaints. All the arrests in this case have been made when the probe was with the Gujarat police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12697057", "title": "Launch all-out war on benamis: AP High Court to Anti Corruption Bureau", "text": "HYDERABAD: Expressing a feeling of extreme distress at the way the auctions of the liquor shops are being conducted in the state where instances of ministers and their family members running these shops in benami names have come to the fore, the AP High Court on Monday directed the ACB to launch an all out war on the benami deals that are ruling the liquor trade in the state.The division bench comprising Chief Justice Madan B Lokur and Justice P V Sanjay Kumar made this order while hearing a petition by O M Debora of Forum For Better Hyderabad who complained about the nexus among the liquor syndicates, the legislature and the bureaucracy etc and the disastrous effect it is having on the social fabric of the state.The ACB that is probing the liquor syndicate scam on Monday submitted its second status report to the court and the bench went through it in the middle of the hearing. Quoting from the contents of the status report, the bench said that \"it is surprising to note that as many as 57% of those who succeeded in bagging liquor shops in the government-conducted auctions in Vizianagaram district are actually poor persons below the poverty line holding white ration cards. In Srikakulam, the case is much worse where the percentage of benami licences being held in the name of the poor is 61%. The benami owners are not yet identified. Political functionaries and their family members are said to be behind these benami licences. This needs to be probed. We direct the ACB to go deep into it and submit another status report by June 11\".How are the authorities allowing the benami trade business is not known, the bench said. \"Had they verified the source of income of these poor men holding white ration cards, the real picture as to how these poor are investing crores of rupees as bid amounts in the liquor auctions would have come to the fore by now. Now, the investigation need not be limited to a few aspects and it can go into all other relevant aspects also,\" the bench said. In addition, the Chief Justice told the ACB officials: \"I would like to make it clear, if you need any advice during your probe, you can move an application before this court.\"Reconsider SIT chief's transfer: HCThe Andhra Pradesh High Court on Monday directed the state government to reconsider its recent transfer of IPS officer K Srinivasa Reddy, the liquor scam SIT chief, from the post of ACB additional director and also not transfer any officials involved in the probe against the liquor syndicate without first informing it. \"Inform us about your decision in this regard by April 27,\" the bench said. Referring to a status report filed by ACB, the bench headed by Chief Justice Madan B Lokur observed that \"it is quite clear from the report that there was a display of unexplained urgency in the transfer of Srinivasa Reddy\". The petitioner OM Debora's counsel told the court that the SIT chief's transfer had been summarily effected with even the protest conveyed by the ACB DG rendered futile. The bench, however, declined to entertain the petition filed by the TDP on the grounds that the court is already seized of the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "12698092", "title": "Salem boy selected for International Soft Tennis Championship", "text": "SALEM: For KR Siddeswaran (19), the dream of representing his country in the International Soft Tennis Championship in China, has finally come true. Among the six participants from the country for the championship, he is the only person from the state to have made it to the top.The first year student of Tiruchengode KSR college of Arts and Science who was unable to participate in the championship in 2008, 2009 and 2010 despite being selected due to his economic condition, this time sent a request to the district administration seeking financial help.On Monday, Salem collector K Maharapushanam gave Rs 1.3 lakh to Siddeswaran at the collectorate. \"After scrutinizing his request, we decided to give him the money, which was raised from the important personalities of the district,\" said the collector.\"I did not expect to be helped in this manner. Now, my dream will become a reality because of the administration,\" rejoiced Siddeswaran.He is expected to undergo training in Warangal, Andhra Pradesh next month ahead of the international championship from June 11 to 18.Caption: Collector K. Maharapushanam giving Rs.1.3 lakh to student K.R. Siddeswaran who has been selected for International soft tennis championship on Monday at Salem collectorate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12698116", "title": "Lalu slams Nitish for'capitulating' to Maharashtra Navnirman Sena", "text": "PATNA: RJD chief Lalu Prasad said on Monday that Bihar CM Nitish Kumar has disgraced the state by capitulating to the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) threat and pronouncing 'Jai Maharashtra' on the occasion of Bihar Diwas celebration in Mumbai on Sunday. By doing so, the CM has hurt the honour and prestige of the state.In an informal chat with media at his residence, Lalu claimed that Nitish was forced to say 'Jai Maharashtra' by MNS chief Raj Thackeray . He had hurt sentiments of the people of Bihar by doing so, the RJD chief said. In fact, Nitish has surrendered before the forces which had always attacked the Biharis working in Maharashtra.Moreover, he said, the CM chose to celebrate Bihar Diwas at a time when the state was reeling under a serious law and order problem. Nitish had talked about attracting investment to Bihar for setting up of industries. Can anybody tell the exact amount invested in Bihar for setting up industries, Lalu asked.He also wondered why the CM was evading a CBI inquiry into the AC-DC bills imbroglio, which involved thousands of crores. The CM must come out clean by ordering a CBI inquiry into the AC-DC issue, he said.Taking a dig at West Bengal chief minister Mamta Banerjee for the arrest of a Jadhavpur University professor for circulating an online cartoon of her, Lalu said that people used to make his cartoons almost on a daily basis but he never reacted. The arrest speaks volumes about the dictatorial attitude of Mamta, he maintained.On the issue of National Counter-Terrorism Centre (NCTC), Lalu said that anybody opposing it was committing a great mistake as NCTC is aimed to strengthen internal security of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12697708", "title": "Auto stir disrupts life in city, commuters stranded", "text": "NASHIK: The one-day autorickshaw strike disrupted life in the city as 15,000 three-wheelers went off the roads on Monday, leading to a harrowing time for most city commuters.With summer heat beating down, people were seen picking shades as packed-to-capacity buses, unable to accommodate more passengers, drove past the stands.With a majority of autorickshaws not plying, long queues of passengers were seen at important bus stands-- Nashik Road, Bytco, Dwarka, Shalimar, Raviwar Karanja, Panchavati Karanja and other parts of the city--with office-goers, college students and industrial workers who rely on the three-wheelers to reach their destinations had to opt for city bus service.\"I had to wait for nearly 45 minutes at Shalimar in the afternoon for a city bus. Every bus that passed from Shalimar was packed to capacity making it difficult for many to enter the crowded buses,\" said Sanjay Pagar of Upnagar. Many people either tied up with others who were travelling in the same direction or left home early.Prashant Kavle said he left the house for duty only when his acquaintance in the neighbouring building left for work for Satpur.However, by 3pm, the union leaders called off the strike when most of their demands were heard by the regional transport office officials and an assurance was given that most of their demands will be met within a week. Bhagwan Pathak of the Shramik Rickshaw Taxi-Tempo Chalak Malak Sena said they called off the strike after most of their demands were met.\"We were not pressing for the compulsion of electronic meters. Our strike was for rise in tariff, which has not been hiked even after prices of petrol have increased by Rs 9 per litre. Further, we have also pressed for stands for autorickshaws,\" Bhagwan Pathak said.At present, there are only about 200-250 rickshaw stands in the city, whereas there is a need of nearly 700.Further, we also demanded that action should also be taken against state transport buses if they too overloaded with passengers than the permissible number of seats. Since RTO officials assured to meet most of the demands within a week's time, we withdrew our strike at 3pm,\" Bhagwan Pathak said.Besides Bhagwan Pathak, those present at the meeting held at the RTO office included regional transport officer Chandrakant Kharatmal, deputy RTO Jayant Patil, assistant commissioner of police (traffic) Sanjeev Thakur, senior police inspector of Panchavati police station S D Valke, head of Shramik Rickshaw Taxi-Tempo Chalak Malak Sena Sunil Bagul and others representing the autorickshaw union.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12698044", "title": "Cash, jewelleryworth Rs 2 lakh looted", "text": "PATNA: Over half-a-dozen armed criminals barged into the office of Gupta Brokers, owned by Lakhan Prasad Gupta, a wholesale dealer of rice and jaggery, near Rajendra Nagar roundabout under Kadamkuan police station and looted cash and gold jewellery worth Rs 2.05 lakh on Monday.City SP Kim said that Gupta told police that six armed criminals entered his office and locked him, his employees and a Haryana-based trader in a room. She said the criminals looted cash and gold jewellery from them and escaped. Some persons have been detained for interrogation in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12696904", "title": "Himachal chief minister Dhumal moves PM, Antony alerts Gen VK Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: With Himachal Pradesh chief minister P K Dhumal taking up the issue of control over Shimla's Annadale grounds with PM Manmohan Singh on Monday, defence minister A K Antony asked Army chief General V K Singh to quickly resolve the controversy with the state government.The raging confrontation between the Army and the Dhumal administration over control of the Annadale grounds took a turn for the worse over the weekend after a statement issued by the Chandimandir-based Western Army Command (WAC) accused the state government of working at the land mafia's behest to build a cricket stadium on the grounds, ignoring the forest cover around it.The Army on Monday said it had instituted an inquiry into the \"press release issued by WAC HQ, which was derogatory against the state government and the CM of Himachal Pradesh''.Dhumal, on his part, has threatened a defamation case against the Army. \"The way the Army people are interfering on the Annadale issue, indiscipline is increasing and Army officers are making press statements... I have personally brought the matter to the PM's notice. I am also trying to meet the defence minister,'' said Dhumal.The picturesque Annadale grounds, one of the last surviving green areas in Shimla that the Army says is needed to launch disaster relief operations in the region, has been a battleground between political parties and military ever since its lease to the force expired in 1982.The Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association, led by Dhumal's MP son Anurag Thakur, had been conducting a campaign since last year to ensure the Army vacated the grounds that it has held since World War II.Gen Singh, on his part, said, \"I will talk to the CM, ours and the CM's relationship is very good. We have asked the WAC after the news was published and whose fault it is. They have told us... they will rectify it. We have told the state government that this is the only open space in the region for strategic purposes.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12697686", "title": "Baby kidnapper changing versions to confuse Ajni police", "text": "NAGPUR: The woman who allegedly kidnapped a baby from Government Medical College and Hospital, where she is still under observation, is constantly giving new versions of her story to Ajni police.Sujata Gondane had been arrested by police after the stolen four-day-old baby boy was found with her at Shanti Nagar last week.Gondane has been furnishing numerous stories to prove her innocence ever since she was nabbed with the baby. She had allegedly walked out of the hospital with the baby after the infant's mother Shashikala Jibhkate requested her to take care of the baby until she returned from the X-ray room last week. Police had taken the help of autorickshaw drivers to trace the baby to Gondane's house.Gondane is now telling the cops that she was responsible enough to take proper care of the baby, but its mother, who had four other children, did not bother to return to take baby back from her.Gondane said she waited for the mother to return for a long time before deciding to come home with the child. During questioning, Gondane's neighbours have told the police that this was the first baby she had brought home.Meanwhile, the police have come to know that Gondane had performed a ritual on December 25, 2011, marking the seventh month of pregnancy. Though married for four years, Sujata had been childless. She had started pretending to be pregnant, but sources from GMCH said that seem to be no such signs.Police also do not know why Gondane had hinted to Shashikala that a rich was offering Rs 3 lakh for a baby. \"We are trying to probe the cash offering for the baby, but cannot reveal details now,\" said an officer. Gondane is likely to be arrested once doctors discharge her after verifying her claims of being pregnant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12697706", "title": "Date problems cost zilla panchayat members their study tour", "text": "MARGAO: Despite all the excitement displayed by them over their study tour, the South Goa zilla panchayat members have had to forego their annual pleasure jaunt that was to be organized during the last financial year 2011-12. Reason: There was no unison among the members over the dates of the tour which had already received the government's sanction.The zilla panchayat members had earlier decided to undertake a tour to Kerala and Kanyakumari by the last week of March.However, as the dates didn't find favour with most of the touring members, it was decided to defer the tour. This was the second time during the year that the plan had to be deferred.The tour was first planned for December 2011. But since most of the members were facing the heat of the March 2012 assembly elections it was decided to postpone the tour.\"Most of the members felt that the rates of the hotels during March-end were too high in those places, so we decided to postpone it. We will now go on the tour by the end of May,\" chairperson of South Goa zilla panchayat Maria Rebello said.However, Rebello was oblivious of the fact that with the beginning of the new financial year, the sanction for the tour had lapsed.\"The zilla panchayat will have to take a fresh sanction if they wish to go for the tour now. The tour had been sanctioned 8 lakh,\" chief executive officer, South Goa zilla panchayat, Y B Tavde said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12700345", "title": "District judge stops illegal construction on road outside court", "text": "KANPUR: Timely action taken by the district judge prevented illegal construction on the road outside the court on Monday.Force from several police stations had reached the court on Sunday when judicial officials received information that the Kanpur Bar Association was constructing chambers on the road. The judicial officials, including district judge OP Verma and additional district and sessions judge Amarjeet Tripathi stopped the construction work on Sunday and make the order final on Monday morning after visiting the construction site again.Meanwhile, president of Kanpur Bar Association Ramendra Katiyar and general secretary Peeyush Awasthi crossed swords with each other over the issue of construction of chambers. Katiyar alleged that no meeting of executive committee was held to discuss the issue and it was general secretary's own plan and he had started construction without taking any one into confidence. Awasthi claimed that the executive committee had passed the proposal of construction of chambers and he was executing the proposal. As many as 20 chambers were to be constructed .The labourers had dug five pits on the road near the gate at registry office on Saturday evening and started raising pillars on Sunday morning. The judicial officials reached the spot and restrained the lawyers from raising construction on the road. However the judicial officials said that they could raise pillars inside the boundary wall. No construction would be allowed on the road.The judicial officials once again visited the site on Monday morning and found that pits on the road were filled and space for pillars being made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12698049", "title": "High court acquits Bathani Tola massacre convicts", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Monday acquitted 23 convicts, including three awarded death sentence by the trial court in connection with the infamous Bathani Tola massacre in which 21 dalits, including women and infants, were killed in the Bhojpur district village on July 11, 1996.The high court set aside the order of the Ara court which convicted the 23 accused on May 16, 2010 and awarded life term to 20 of them. The Ara court had acquitted 30 of the 63 accused, against whom charges were framed, for want of evidence. Four accused died during the trial while five others were acquitted by the high court earlier. One accused is still absconding.Delivering its judgment, a division bench comprising Justice Navaniti Prasad Singh and Justice Ashwini Kumar Singh said the prosecution failed to prove the involvement of the accused in the crime beyond reasonable doubt. \"We regret such a ghastly incident took place. However, the investigation was not fair. Apparently, the investigation moved in a particular direction - far from the truth, not above suspicion,\" the judges said.Appellants' counsel Krishna Prasad Singh said the charges framed against his clients could not be proved in the court of law. The prosecution produced 13 witnesses, including the case's investigating officer, three doctors and victims' family members, Singh said and added his clients included four persons who were minors at the time of the commission of crime and had been charged under the Juvenile Act.The carnage at Bathani Tola, one of the many that marked the bloody war of attrition between Naxalites and upper caste landlords in undivided Bihar in 1980s and 1990s, was committed allegedly by the members of Ranveer Sena, a private militia formed by landlords to take on Naxalites. The FIR lodged by one of the survivors , Kishun Choudhury, named 33 persons as accused. After investigation, however, police chargesheeted 63 persons, including Ranveer Sena chief Brahmeshwar Singh. The trial began in 1998.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "12698046", "title": "Trader makes another plea in cheating case", "text": "SALEM: A silver ornament (velli kolusu) trader of Salem on Monday said he had given his 33rd petition to the district authorities seeking action against K Raju of cheating him of 37.408 kg of silver worth Rs 20 lakh.In his representation, A Raja of Ambalavanakadu in Gugai, Salem said, \"on May 19, 2010, I gave silver to K Raju of Maniyanoor in Salem for making a silver kolusu. But the ornament was not made. I got neither the silver nor the money. Besides, I was threatened.\"\"I lodged a criminal complaint at the Annadanapatti police station in Salem and was given a community service register (CSR), a preliminary document, on November 10, 2010,\" Raja said.In his complaint, Raja accused police of receiving bribe and conducting a 'katta panchayat' (kangaroo court).He claimed he had moved from pillar to post for a solution. \"I submitted a total of 32 representations at the police commissionerate, the collectorate, highways minister Edapadi K. Palanisamy and the chief minister's cell from June 21, 2010 but there has been no action so far. On Monday, I submitted my 33rd representation to collector K Maharapushanam.The petition has been forwarded to the police commissionerate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12697967", "title": "Ex-head of RG Kar medicine department passes away", "text": "KOLKATA: Anjali Ray, former head of the department of medicine at RG Kar, passed away recently. She was 79. Born in 1933, Ray was a gold medallist in medicine. She had also worked as a professor of medicine at NRS and North Bengal Medical College. tnnand retired as head of the department of medicine of RG Kar in 1993.She was also secretary of the Indian Rheumatology Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12701485", "title": "Tatra truck deal: BEML chief quizzed by CBI", "text": "NEW DELHI: BEML chairman and managing director V R S Natarajan on Saturday appeared before the CBI as the agency had asked him to come for giving clarifications pertaining to procurement and supply of Tatra all-terrain trucks to the Army.CBI sources said Natarajan was asked to appear only to clarify some points as he is not an accused in the case.Natarajan arrived at the CBI headquarters here at about 11.30am.The central probe agency is likely to ask him the reasons for allegedly renewing the supply contract with Tatra Sipox UK in 2003 much before it was required in 2006.Natarajan may also be asked details of payments made to Tatra Sipox UK and procurement process of equipment used in assembling these trucks, they said.In 1997, Tatra Sipox UK had signed the truck supply deal with BEML which was in alleged violation of defence procurement rules stating that procurement should be done directly from original equipment manufacturer only, the sources said.The CBI has alleged that since Tatra Sipox UK was not the original manufacturer of these all-terrain trucks, the rule that defence procurements should be made from original manufacturer was violated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12698403", "title": "300 persons marked attendance for night shift, says worker", "text": "JALANDHAR: The number of those trapped under the rubble of four-storeyed Shital Fibres remained a mystery till Monday evening, when rescuers and police were still at work.Speaking to TOI earlier in the day, factory owner Shital Vij said that since the accident happened on Sunday, he did not know the exact number of workers working inside the complex then. However, when prodded to give approximate figures, he said the number could be anywhere between 50 to 60 persons inside the complex and added that he would confirm the number by evening. However, he did not pick up his phone later in the day despite repeated calls.Deputy commissioner Priyank Bharti said that according to Vij's statements, there were around 60 to 70 persons inside the building when it collapsed. Two hours after the mishap, a factory worker standing near the entrance told media persons that around 300 persons had marked their attendance for night shift on Sunday. Some of the worker who had been extricated from under the rubble claimed that there were over 150 persons working inside the factory when it came crashing down. These figures, though, could not be substantiated even till late Monday evening.Amarjit, who has been admitted to a hospital and will have to undergo toe amputation, said, \"A few (workers) who were near the door managed to escape as it (collapse) happened within moments and most of us were trapped inside.\" Vinay Tewari, lying on a hospital bed nearby, said there \"should be around 200 persons working in the building on night shift\".Ramdev, whose 18-year-old son was among those trapped inside the factory, claimed that the ground floor usually had 150 persons working in a shift. He also works in the same factory. Naginder, admitted in Devi Talab Charitable Hospital, too claimed that there were around 150 workers on ground floor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12698445", "title": "City can now savour 'green' biryani", "text": "KOCHI: For those health conscious foodies who crave for tasty biryani, but avoid it most of the time owing to its fat content, here is good news for you. Kochi now has 'green biryani'.Prepared in the model of 'dum biryani', but instead of the metal or clay pot, the hollow stem of bamboo is used. Chef Abdul Rahman Khan claims that oil content will be very low when the biryani is prepared in this manner.\"Kerala is yet to know about this kind of biryani preparation. It is similar to the model of 'puttu' preparation. After the initial cooking gets over, rice and meat are put inside the bamboo stem, sealed and then steamed. There is a hole pierced under the stem through which all the excess oil in the rice will flow outside, reducing the fat content of the biryani. The biryani is prepared in such a manner that it will also have a unique taste,\" says Khan who introduced the green biryani during the 'Biryani Fest' hosted at Hotel Presidency in the city.\"Bamboo cooking is primarily part of Thailand culture, but India, with its multicultural population is already aware of its usage. But Kerala is not familiar with biryani cooked in this manner or that any kind of biryani can be cooked this way. With nearly 30 years of experience, Abdul Rahman Khan claims that his green biryani is getting a good response from city residents after he introduced it here last week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12701299", "title": "Balakrishna\u2019s movie delayed again", "text": "Actor Balakrishna's film \"Adhinayakudu\" has been delayed yet again. The film, which was scheduled to release on April 19, will not hit the screens until May.So what has been going wrong again and again with this Balakrishna starrer? If sources are to be believed, the film's producer M L Kumar Chowdhary is facing some financial problems and these are in turn causing the delay in release. Saloni and Lakshmi Rai are the heroines in this Paruchuri Murali film where Balakrishna will be seen in three powerful roles. Kalyani Malik has scored the music for the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12699324", "title": "Delhi election results: Congress, BJP neck and neck in early trends", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress and BJP were locked in a neck and neck race in the elections to the three newly carved municipal corporations in Delhi, for which counting of votes began on Tuesday morning.Early trends showed that Congress has a narrow lead in South Delhi Corporation over BJP. Congress leads in 12 wards while BJP is ahead in eight wards.BJP is leading in North Delhi in 13 seats while Congress is inching closer to it with leads in 10 seats for which trends are available.In East Delhi Corporation, Congress is leading in 11 seats while BJP is ahead in eight seats.The counting for 272 wards are taking place in 33 centres across the city, a senior state Election Commission official said.Polling for all the 272 wards spread in three corporations -- East, South and North -- were held on Sunday in which 55 per cent of the 1.15 crore voters exercised their franchise.Congress and BJP are waiting with bated breaths for the results as stakes are high for both the national parties in the municipal polls, considered as a semifinal ahead of the assembly elections next year.There are 104 each wards in South and North Corporations and 64 in the East, of which 138 seats are reserved for women. South has the highest number of 904 candidates followed by North (885) and East (634).In the 2007 polls to the undivided Municipal Corporation of Delhi ( MCD ), BJP had bagged 36.17 per cent of the around 42.35 lakh votes polled while Congress got 29.17 per cent. BSP's vote share was 9.87 per cent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12701700", "title": "Protest against gas pipeline gathers steam", "text": "MANGALORE: The fight against a proposal by the Gas Authority of India Limited's (GAIL) to lay liquefied natural gas (LNG) pipelines from Kochi in Kerala to Mangalore and to Bangalore (crossing Tamil Nadu) is gaining momentum with people of the three states deciding to join hands to protest against the project. Environmentalists and people of Dakshina Kannada district, Kerala and Tamil Nadu are all set to launch a joint agitation, as part of which they have decided to convene a meeting in Kannur in Kerala on May 6 to chalk out plans to organize the protest.While the pipeline of GAIL will pass through 16 villages in Dakshina Kannada district, it covers more than 100 villages in Kerala and Tamilnadu. GAIL had obtained the permission to lay pipelines of 16 MMSCMD (million metric standard cubic metre per day) capacity from Kochi to Mangalore and to Bangalore from the ministry of petroleum and natural gas. It has plans to acquire the user rights for 66 feet-wide land in villages.Kerala GAIL Pipeline Evictees Association chairperson S R Neelakantan told TOI that the association will oppose the proposal. \"All the mainstream political parties in Kerala are convinced that it is not safe to implement the project in our state considering the geographical features. Hence, an apolitical platform has been formed and future course of action will be decided at the meeting to be held in Kannur on May 6. Leaders from Kerala, Karnataka and Tamilnadu will take part in the meeting,\" he added.Citizens Forum for Mangalore Development co-ordinator Vidya Dinker said environment impact assessment (EIA) and socio-economic impact assessment study should be conducted before the proposal is implemented.\"Necessary clearances under the Environment (Protection) Act 1986, Water ( Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act 1974 and Air (Prevention &amp; Control of Pollution) Act 1981 should also be obtained before attempting any land acquisition for the project,\" she added.As per the proposal, residents will have to give the user's right for 66 feet-wide land to lay pipeline in the notified areas. Apart from GAIL, Relogistics Infrastructure Limited (RIL) of Reliance Gas Transportation Infrastructure Limited (RGTIL) too have obtained authorization from the ministry to lay LNG pipeline of 13.3 MMSCMD capacity from Thiruthani terminal point in Tamilnadu to Mangalore via Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12696639", "title": "10% relaxation on eligibility at Delhi University for OBC students from this year", "text": "NEW DELHI: More students from the other backward class (OBC) category will be eligible to apply for admission to Delhi University this academic year. Implementing a 2011 Supreme Court order, the University shall now provide 10% relaxation on the minimum eligibility criteria to OBC candidates. This would be applicable to undergraduate and postgraduate courses from the 2012-13 session.In a recent notification, the University stated that OBC candidates shall be given relaxation on the minimum eligibility in the qualifying criteria and in the minimum eligibility for the admission entrance test (if any) to the extent of 10% of the minimum eligibility prescribed for general candidates. For example, if the minimum eligibility for admission to a certain course is 50% for the general category, then the minimum eligibility criteria for OBC students would be 45%.The University reserves 27% of its 54,000 seats for OBC candidates at the undergraduate level. Till last year, OBC applicants got 10% relaxation on the final cutoff for general candidates.Many feel this would ensure that less number of OBC seats go vacant this year. \"Earlier inspite of the 10% relaxation from that of the minimum cut-off for the general candidatesOBC seats used to remain vacant. But with the relaxation now linked to the minimum eligibility, we can go even lower and the seats are not likely to go vacant. Also more OBC candidates will be able to apply,\" said the principal of a women's college, who did not want to be named. \"For example, this year even if the last cut-off for say BA programme in a particular college for general candidates is 60%, the OBC cut-off may go even lower than 50%.University officials said the university stated that all OBC candidates who meet the minimum eligibility criteria marks in the qualifying examination or the minimum eligibility marks in the entrance shall be eligible for admission in the order of their merit. In cases where no OBC candidates secure the minimum eligibility marks, the vacant OBC seats shall be converted to general category seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12696550", "title": "State Congress chief pulls out of team to Sri Lanka", "text": "CHENNAI: It was ultimately a much smaller team of parliamentarians, minus three MPs from Tamil Nadu, which left Delhi for Colombo on Monday for a first-hand assessment of the resettlement of war-displaced Tamils and devolution of political rights.Following in the footsteps of a pullout by representatives of the AIADMK and the DMK from the all-party delegation, Rajya Sabha MP and Tamil Nadu Congress chief B S Gnanadesikan announced hours before the flight took off that he too had decided to withdraw from the six-day tour.With three members of Parliament in all staying away, the 15-member team has been reduced to 12. The visit is significant to test the bilateral relationship after the March 23 vote by India against Sri Lanka at the UNHRC in Geneva on a US-sponsored resolution censuring Colombo for war crimes.Although Gnanadesikan cited \"organizational work\" to justify his pullout, he disclosed to TOI that three days ago he had sent a fax to parliamentary affairs minister Pawan Kumar Bansal opting to drop out of the Lanka tour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12697159", "title": "CBI seeks Interpol help to probe Tatra scam links", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation, probing the Tatra scam spread across four countries including a tax haven, has approached Interpol to get details of companies related to Vectra chief Ravinder Rishi from these four countries. Agency sources said they had moved Interpol to avoid the delay of replies through Letter Rogatories (LRs).The agency has asked Interpol to provide details of at least five companies in these countries - Czech Republic , Slovakia, UK and Liechtenstein . Meanwhile, agency sources said they also questioned former BEML director (finance) V Mohan in connection with the Tatra deal while present BEML chief V R S Natarajan will be questioned on Tuesday. Sources said Natarajan has confirmed that he will be joining questioning on Tuesday.The agency, through Interpol, is looking for shareholding pattern of these companies reportedly owned by Ravi Rishi apart from contracts signed by them with the Tatra AS (Czech) and Tatra Sipox (Slovakia). A senior officer said, \"There is a web of companies which were apparently used by Ravi Rishi to procure different parts of Tatra trucks and then supplied to Bharat Earth Movers Limited.\"The agency has not been able to talk to Army achief General V K Singh but they are expecting that they will arrange a meeting with him by end of this week. Gen Singh, who was allegedly offered a bribe on September 22, 2010 by former Lt Gen Tejinder Singh on behalf of Ravi Rishi, had given his written complaint last week.The agency is probing why BEML decided to procure Tatra parts from Tatra Sipox (UK), which was a private company, from 1997 when it was doing so through Omnipol (a PSU in Czech Republic, which was providing Tatra parts since 1986). Also, as first reported by TOI, why the BEML officials signed the MoU with Tatra Sipox (UK) in a hurried manner on June 14, 1997 in Bangalore, three days after they had a meeting with Tatra Sipox (UK) and its associate companies' officials in Slovakia.Officials said that apart from taking help from Interpol, they will also send LRs to these four countries and seek documents.One more company, in which Ravi Rishi reportedly has stakes - Venus Projects Ltd, is also under the CBI scanner as this company was allegedly used by him for purchasing spare parts for the Tatra trucks.CBI has registered a case naming Rishi and unnamed officials of defence ministry, Army and BEML on March 30 for alleged criminal conspiracy, cheating and relevant sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act. CBI is probing alleged irregularities in assigning of supply from Czechoslovakia-based Tatra, with which the agreement was originally signed in 1986, to the Tatra-Sipox UK owned by Rishi in 1997 showing it as original equipment manufacturer and the fully-owned subsidiary of Czech company, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "12701044", "title": "High infant mortality rate upsetting: Sharma", "text": "SILCHAR: Assam minister for health and education Himanta Biswa Sharma on Sunday expressed his concern over high infant mortality rate in Karimganj district near Bangladesh border. The district has hit the headlines after the death of 42-odd children at the civil hospital, in the past two monthsInaugurating the 56-seated General Nursing and Midwifery (GNM) Training School at Karimganj, Sharma said the rate of infant mortality is as high as 67 per cent in the border district.He also said the doctors in this part of the state failed to do their duties. \"We have been trying to improve the health infrastructure in the district.The present civil hospital in the district has 100 beds and a project worth Rs 6 crore is being undertaken to boost the health services\", he said.Doctors have made it a habit to avoid duties in the rural areas, Sharma said.\"The government has been observing the behaviour of the doctors and para-medicos, and over the next couple of years the process of equal distribution of doctors at urban and rural areas will be strictly ensured. The doctors must follow the protocol\", he added.\"We are serious about the issue and as an instance the doctors and experts from across the state are made to attend the programme during Bihu. Establishment of a medical collage in Karimganj is also on the cards\", the health minister said.Sources said a total of 38 posts for doctors in the Karimganj civil hospital are vacant. The civil hospital is run by an estimated number of 20 doctors, at present-- of them only two are pediatricians.In the first day of the two-day visit to the district, the minister also laid the foundation stone of a model college at Eraligool village in Karimganj and addressed a public meeting at Baroigram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "12700656", "title": "Chasnala management gives in to end workers' fast", "text": "SINDRI: Contract workers ended their fast unto death late on Sunday with the Chasnala colliery management assuring to fulfill some of their demands after seven days of protest. Asangthit Mazdoor Morcha leader Nitai Mahto informed that after several rounds of talks the colliery management agreed to their demand for safety gears and identity cards. They also announced the extension of canteen facilities in Chasnala and Jitpur collieries, and the provision of drinking water inside the colliery.The management has decided to deduct money for provident fund from the workers' salaries and implement counter payment of salary to ensure full payment of the same. The employers, however, expressed their inability to pay for an additional underground allowance to contract workers as it was already included in the salary.General manager B K Sinha formally offered a glass to juice to fasting contract workers Vijay Pandey and Umesh Vishwakarma and brought an end to the fast under the banner of Asangthit Mazdoor Morcha that they had embarked upon last Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12697597", "title": "Case to be shifted to Puducherry", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after the Gomtinagar police lodged an FIR against the Jaipuria School management for drowning of a school student in Puducherry, the cops on Monday said that the case would transferred to Villupurum district police in whose jurisdiction the incident took place.The FIR was lodged by the victim Harsh Singh Vats's father SP Singh against the school management accusing teachers of the school, who accompanied Harsh along with 30 odd students for a school trip to Puducherry, of negligence.Singh alleged that it was because of negligence that Harsh drowned.Talking to TOI, station officer, Gomtinagar, Manoj Kumar Misra, said that since the incident was reported at Gingee police station area of Villupurum district, the Gomtinagar police will transfer the FIR to that district through proper channel.The matter would have to be investigated by the police there, Misra further added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12697556", "title": "Now, extra precautions for educational tours", "text": "LUCKNOW: While certain schools and colleges are taking extra precautions for conducting educational tours, some continue to be in dilemma whether to organize such trips or not following the tragic death of class IX boy Harsh Singh Vats who recently drowned on a school trip in Puducherry.\"We do take students to educational tours. After the Jaipuria incident, we will be taking extra precautionary measures such as small group of students escorted by one teacher. There will be one teacher for every four students. Students who know swimming will be only allowed to go near the water. Earlier we used to take students in sleeper class but for safer journey we are thinking of taking them in AC coaches,\" said Jawaid Alam Khan, Principal, Lucknow Public Collegiate.AK Singh, principal, Delhi Public School, Eldeco branch, said, \"In view of the tragedy that hit the town recently, we will take the views of the parents before taking the final call whether to take children to such educational tours.\"However, some of the insiders say that the school authorities were still in dilemma about organizing the trip.On the other hand, M Batra, principal of CMS, Gomtinagar, believes that educational tours rejuvenate the students and they get a very good opportunity to participate in extra-curricular activities.\"After the recent incident in which a school boy drowned while on a school trip, the strength of our students going on the educational trip has considerably reduced. Earlier, 80-90 students used to go but this time only 60-70 will be going,\" Batra said. She added that such unfortunate incidents were not in our hands and they could only be controlled by taking extra safety precautions.Some of the schools which have never taken their students to any outstation educational tours feel that organizing short trips like school picnics and city tours is always a better and safe option as the risk factor involved is less.\"In case of any mishap or accident the school authorities are blamed entirely therefore we prefer that school children should only go with their parents. Although we got may proposals from travel agents for organizing educational trips, we never accepted any,\" said Father Lobo, Principal, St Francis' College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12699621", "title": "Pulse Polio drive continues", "text": "The health department on Monday conducted door to door polio campaign and administered polio drops over 45% of 9.7 lakh children in the district. The drive will continue for next five days where over 1,700 health teams will be cover more than 9.34 lakh houses.Theft: Burglars made away with jewellery worth Rs 2.5 lakh and Rs 35,000 in cash from the house of Shashi Bala Srivastava in Bargad Ghat, Meerapur under Attarsuiya police station on the intervening night of Sunday and Monday. The incident came to light when the victim returned from Sitapur after attending a marriage and found the locks broken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12696216", "title": "Doctors seek action against vice-chancellor over cheating charge", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu Doctors Association has demanded action against the vice-chancellor of Dr MGR Medical University for alleging that professors of Government Stanley Medical College helped nine students cheat during the final year MBBS examinations in February 2012.The association's state secretary P Balakrishnan on Monday told reporters that the university had changed the exam centres for students of three medical colleges in Chennai.\"The centres weren't changed for students outside city. The university seems to have concluded that medicos in Chennai are more likely to cheat than others. It is discriminatory and unfair,\" Balakrishnan said. \"The students or professors have not even been proven guilty. We want the government to take disciplinary action against the VC or our professors will boycott duty as invigilators.\"Tamil Nadu Dr MGR Medical University vice-chancellor Mayil Vahanan Natarajan told reporters in February that nine students from Stanley Medical College had copied during the final year MBBS examination. The university received complaints from two students who also took the examination. The students said they were put at a disadvantage because nine students had cheated in the exam.During the preliminary inquiry, the university found that one of the students wrote down the questions on a piece of paper and threw it out of a toilet window. A house surgeon took the paper and dictated the answers by mobile phone to nine students wearing wireless headsets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12697985", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation's Swarna Jayanti Smarak turns into reality", "text": "NAGPUR: NMC has gifted East Nagpur its most famous landmark, the Swarna Jayanti Smarak, a replica of Amar Jyoti at India Gate, New Delhi.With the construction of the dome completed, the Bharat Mata Garden project has finally become a reality after 15 years.Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has constructed the dome on the top of Smarak's structure located in a beautifully maintained Bharat Mata Garden at Jagjeevanram Nagar, on Central Avenue Road.The 24-feet dome has been constructed with red stone and sandstone. The base of the dome is of 15 feet and the height is 24 feet. The dome was carved in Rajasthan and brought to the garden. Now, the dome will have centre flame of 2 feet that will enlighten the entire area round the clock and remind the citizens of the sacrifice made by freedom fighters and martyrs for independence.With addition of Smarak to the garden, the citizens will feel the air of patriotism whenever they visit the place. The name of the garden itself is Bharat Mata.Besides, the garden also comprise main battle tank \"Vijayanta\" gifted by the Indian Army as a war trophy. The tank had made the country proud during the Indo-Pak War in 1971. All these in one place make the garden one of the most happening places.The ambitious project was turned into a reality by municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal. NMC had proposed to construct the garden along with Smarak to mark 50 years of Independence celebrated in 1997. NMC completed the garden in 2000 but the Smarak remained a distant dream. The structure of the Smarak was too completed in 2000 and remained idle. In April 2011, Jaiswal during his visit to the garden came to know about the actual concept. He directed the estate officer DD Jambhulkar to prepare the proposal and complete the project. Finally, the project has been completed at an expense of Rs 49 lakh and likely to be inaugurated in a month.Another major attraction of the Smarak is an amphitheatre with seating capacity of 250 persons and constructed on top adjoining the dome. Also a stage has been constructed along with seating arrangements. The amphitheatre will be utilized for cultural and patriotic programmes. Besides, three art galleries have been constructed on the ground floor of the Smarak building. Two galleries are spread in 1,000 sq ft and remaining in 500 sq ft.NMC official said, the galleries will be shaped like a museum where the pictures and details of pre and post Independence and also various developments since Independence will be displayed. The tender process to appoint an agency for operation and maintenance of the Smarak is under process and will be finalized in a month,\" he said.- The 24-ft dome, a replica of the Amar Jyoti located at India Gate in New Delhi, is situated at Bharat Mata garden on Central Avenue in East Nagpur- Dome was constructed in Rajasthan with red stone and sand stone and brought to the garden- Base of the dome is of 15 feet and will comprise a 2-feet flame in the centre- Amphitheatre with 250 seating capacity, too, constructed for holding programmes- Three art galleries constructed on ground floor and spread in 1,000 sq ft and 500 sq ft- Pictures and details of pre and post Independence and also various developments since Independence will be displayed in the galleries", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12698580", "title": "\u2018Donation racket at 3 medical, engineering colleges\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Leader of opposition Eknath Khadse on Monday alleged that three key medical and engineering colleges, located in Navi Mumbai and Thane, were running a donation racket. The three colleges named by Khadse in the state legislative assembly are: Terna College, D Y Patil College and MGM College. \"There is a well-oiled network of touts and middle-men which operates in close coordination with the college authorities. They contact parents who are eager to procure a seat for their child in these colleges,\" the BJP leader said.Khadse furnished CDs of a sting operation, conducted by a parent, to mediapersons. The transcript of the sting operation noted that the entire scandal was to the tune of Rs 300 crore. One of the tainted colleges, according to the transcript of the sting operation, belongs to a prominent Maharashtra politician who is currently the governor of a state in the north-east.In his reply, minister for medical education Dr Vijaykumar Gavit said a committee will be set up to probe Khadse's allegations and action taken on the committee's findings. Gavit also informed the House that his department was keen on setting up a medical college in each district of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12699690", "title": "Business delegation from Dubai to visit city", "text": "SURAT: It's Surat calling Dubai. The recent City Mayors Foundation study has ranked the diamond city as the world's fourth fastest developing cities in the world. Perhaps, this has made Dubai to look towards Surat to expand and explore new business opportunities.A high-level delegation comprising the who's who of Dubai's business world is coming on a three-day visit to Surat from April 18. The visit has been organized by Dubai Chamber of Commerce and Industry (Din association with Southern Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industry (SGCCI).The delegation is headed by chairman, DCCI, Abdul Rahman Saif Al Ghurair and includes about 11 Dubai-based business tycoons, who are interested in enhancing their business ties in the areas of diamonds, gold and textiles.Other members of the delegation are chairman of Damas International Ibrahim Belselah; CEO and managing director of Dhamani Jewellery Amit Dhamani; exective chairman, Dubai Multi Commodities Centre (DMCC), Ahmed Bin Sulayem; COO, DMCC, Gautam Sashittal; chairman, Dubai Diamond Exchange, Peter Meeus; chairman of Abbasi textile group Ismail Akil Abbasi; president of ITL group Ram Buxani; executive director, DUTCO, Zayed Baker and chairman of GEAP International Mahendra Patel.SGCCI president Rohit Mehta told TOI, \"Dubai's businessmen are looking to invest in diamond and jewellery manufacturing, real estate and infrastructure development, textile sector etc. in Surat and south Gujarat. This is first time that a Dubai trade mission is visiting the city. The mission's objective is to explore joint investment opportunities for business communities of Dubai and Surat.\"Mehta said that gold trading and manufacturing and textiles are other important sectors for Dubai traders and businessmen. Dubai's strategic location can serve as a major transit route for sending out these products and goods to all parts of the world.Official sources said the Consul General of UAE from Mumbai and the industries commissioner of Gujarat will be present during the Dubai chamber trade mission's visit. Mehta said, \"The SGCCI and DCCI will sign a memorandum of understanding (MoU) for cooperation and strategic relations. This will ensure a long term bilateral business exchange between Dubai and Surat.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12697724", "title": "Union demands action against MSRTC for plying over capacity", "text": "NASHIK: Pathak said at present there are only about 200-250 autorickshaw stands in the city, whereas there is a need of nearly 700. \"Further, we also demanded that action should also be taken against state transport buses if they too overloaded with passengers than the permissible number of seats. Since RTO officials assured to meet most of the demands within a week's time, we withdrew our strike at 3pm,\" he said.Besides Bhagwan Pathak, those present at the meeting held at the RTO office included regional transport officer Chandrakant Kharatmal, deputy RTO Jayant Patil, assistant commissioner of police (traffic) Sanjeev Thakur, senior police inspector of Panchavati police station S D Valke, head of Shramik Rickshaw Taxi-Tempo Chalak Malak Sena Sunil Bagul and others representing the autorickshaw union.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12698125", "title": "BBMP floated multiple contracts for same work", "text": "BANGALORE: What identities are to conmen, work codes are to civic officials, a draft review report by the Comptroller and Auditor General (Local Bodies) on road and drain works in BBMP has revealed,A work code is a unique identification number assigned to a particular work after it gets the commissioner's approval. Though envisaged as a tool to ensure transparent and foolproof execution of civic works, the codes have been subverted by corrupt civic officials to perpetrate large-scale irregularities, the report has documented.Civic officials used multiple work codes for the same work in several instances. Besides, the same work code has been used for many works. Multiple work codes for the same work apparently helped officials float multiple contracts and clear as many bills for one work. Similarly, using a single work code for many project helped officials to award contracts and clear bills for works that had no approval from the commissioner.The report said in several instances work codes were allotted without the commissioner's approval. The rule book demands that the Assistant Controller of Finance (ACF) of BBMP allot a work code for each work approved by the commissioner. However, several work codes were allotted without the ACF's signature.The audit also noted that 619 works costing Rs 150 crore were included in the programme of works without work code, hinting at payment of bills for fictitious works.The review looked into works worth Rs 3,448 crore and executed during 2008-11. It was conducted in May-November 2011 by test checking of records in Bangalore East, Rajarajeshwari Nagar and Dasarahalli zones of the BBMP and covered seven divisions. The test-checks covered works worth Rs 642 crore.Work code misappropriations had led to the fake tender and bill scam amount to Rs 1,539 crore in Rajarajeshwari Nagar, Gandhinagar and Malleswaram sub-divisions which had come to light three months ago.Damning indictment\"The performance review on Road and Drain works in BBMP revealed that the planning process was defective without the availability of database and road history. Approval of a large number of works in addition to the programme of works was intended to benefit contractors as evidenced from irregularities in allotment of work codes. There was no budgetary control and there was financial impropriety in the management of civic deposits received. Operational controls were not exercised by executives leading to award of contracts after vitiating the tender process and manipulating tenders, tampering of estimates to favour tenderers and execution of fictitious, doubtful, wasteful, irregular, and avoidable works to siphon off funds. While quality control procedures were not followed, the monitoring and internal control mechanism was absent in all levels,\" the draft review report by the Comptroller and Auditor General has said.The recommendations* State government should devise system to check budgetary excess and financial mismanagement* Fix accountability on authorities responsible for vitiating tender system* Enforce pre-audit to curtail manipulations in estimates and execution* Effect recovery from executives for faulty works execution* Strengthen monitoring at all levelsTOI impactBBMP goes into huddleBBMP has launched extensive consultations on the draft review report by the Comptroller and Auditor General (local bodies) on the road and drain works taken up by the civic body. Following an expose on the draft report in TOI last week, the commissioner reportedly asked civic officials to reply to the report as asked for the Comptroller and Auditor General. Special commissioner K R Niranjan is said to have gone through the report again. On Friday last, a meeting was held in BBMP and officials of Indian Audit and Accounts Department were also summoned to BBMP.However, the deadline for the BBMP reply to the draft report was April 15 and civic officials were unable to confirm whether the reply was submitted. When contacted, Keerti Tiwari, accountant-general, declined to comment, saying she is \"not handling the draft report anymore\". Confirming the Friday meeting, Niranjan said, \"BBMP will reply to the draft review report and it was discussed in the meeting.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12696500", "title": "5 lakh stolen from car near Avadi", "text": "CHENNAI: Unidentified men stole five lakh from a car that was parked on the roadside in Avadi after breaking one of its window on Monday.Police said real estate agent Ravi of Kannigapuram, Avadi kept five lakhs in the back seat of the car. He had obtained the cash in a land transaction. He had signed the power of attorney for a land at the registrar's office near Avadi market, police said.On Monday around 3pm, Ravi who was driving the car with his friend Senthil stopped at a bar attached to a lodge near the Avadi railway station. They parked the car near a wall. When they returned from the lodge after an hour, Ravi noticed his car's window broken and the cash missing.Based on a complaint, Avadi police registered a case and are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12701083", "title": "IIMC Placement", "text": "KOLKATA: The final placement for the batch of 2010-2012 of Indian Institute of Management Calcutta (IIMC) began on the February 20 and was done by the February 23, 2012. The placement process took place in slots and each slot lasted for two days.By the end of slot 1 all 352 students who sat for placements had got job offers. The lateral placement process began in the first week of January and continued till the third week of February.IIMC has re established itself as the 'Finance Campus' of the country with Finance comprising of the largest number of job offers (28.53%). The consulting companies followed next with 26.80% job offers. Following close enough were Sales and Marketing (22.48%) and General Management (8.93%).The lateral placement process was organised for the students with work experience of at least 10 months. Around 208 out of 352 candidates were eligible for lateral placements and 130 job offers were made by 55 firms.Firms like Accenture Management Consulting, Amazon, Microsoft, Google and Shell made offers through different profiles. Around 15 new firms along with Sovereign Wealth Fund too recruited enormously.There were 95 pre placement offers from recruiters like UBS, Goldman Sachs , JPMorgan Chase, Barclays Capital, Royal Bank of Scotland, HSBC Global Markets etc.Even though the placement process was to take place in five days, every candidate was placed by the end of day four. IIMC claimed that giving candidates a wide array of choices to choose jobs in line with their interests was the most important concept of their placement process.It gave unique opportunities to its students by opening before them new sectors like internet, gaming, and e-commerce among others. Recruiters like Microsoft recruited for its Redmond head office, Plinga, a German gaming company recruited for its Berlin office and there were other companies like Flipkart, Amazon, Naaptol, and Smile Group.The batch of 2010- 2012 comprised of 34% freshers, and 66% students with work experience. Students with work experience were from different sectors like Systems (42%), Core Engineering (16%) Consulting (10%) Financial Services (13%) and others (19%).Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12697386", "title": "Businessmen confident of winning legal fight with Haryana State Industrial and Infrastructure Development Corporation", "text": "GURGAON: The year-old legal tussle between the industrialists of Udyog Vihar and the Haryana State Industrial and Infrastructure Development Corporation (HSIIDC) is set to resume this week, with the case slated to be brought before Punjab and Haryana high court in Chandigarh on Wednesday. Industry representatives from Gurgaon have challenged several clauses of the corporation's new estate management policy soon after it was first announced in January 2011, calling the existing property norms 'self-serving' and 'draconian'.\"In my opinion, the case will be resolved very soon now, in the next few months. And it will definitely be in favour of the industrialists,\" said B B Sharma, general secretary of the Chamber of Industries of Udyog Vihar, the body under whose name the litigation was filed. Sharma said both the HSIIDC and the Haryana government did their utmost to delay the proceedings when asked by the high court bench to file their reply.\"There were so many delays. And in the previous hearing, the HSIIDC finally filed a long-winded reply, which didn't make any substantial legal point at all. There was no mention of leasing and transfer of property norms,\" said Sharma. Industry owners in Udyog Vihar have to get permission from the HSIIDC before leasing out their 'fully owned' plots, and are required to pay a leasing fee to the corporation, a protocol that still rankles many.\"We just want full ownership of our plots, as per the original agreements,\" said H R Vaish, president of the chamber.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12701784", "title": "Electronic facility to deposit PF contributions", "text": "MANGALORE: The Employees' Provident Fund Organization (EPFO) is introducing electronic challan-cum-return (ECR) facility for depositing contributions of employers. The new system envisages that the employer will be able to deposit money only after filing the return form that can be downloaded from EPFO website www.epfindia.gov.in. After filing the return, the employer can generate a challan for depositing the money in the bank.A press release from EPFO here stated that as soon as the bank confirms receipt of the contribution, simultaneously the return will be pushed into the individual regional officers system which will automatically update and make entries in the individual accounts. The new system will ensure automatic updation of accounts on receipt of contribution by the EPFO. Employers can download annual accounts slips of their employees from EPFO website. There is no need to file forms 5, 10, 3A, 6A, 12A, 3PS, 4PS, 5PS, 6PS, 7PS, 8PS, and members can get a detailed account statement from EPFO website. For utilizing the system, employers are required to obtain user ID and password by logging onto EPFO website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12696421", "title": "170-yr-old police headquarters gets a facelift", "text": "CHENNAI: The stately 170-year-old building that houses the city police commissioner's office in Egmore is being renovated. Nearly 25 lakh has been allotted to refurbish the building while retaining its heritage, officials said.The renovation started last month though the police commissionerate is slated to shift to a new eight-storey building in Vepery.Tamil Nadu Police Housing Corporation (TNPHC) has entrusted the job of renovating the stately building without damaging the original structure to private builder SS Enterprises. The work started in February and is scheduled to be completed by the end of this month.\"We have consulted experts and architects with expertise in protecting heritage structures as we want to preserve the original charm of the building,\" a TNHPC official said.Builder and heritage building expert B Chandrakanth, of Thiruvanaikaval near Trichy, said, \"Sand blasting is used to smooth over corrosion in heritage buildings made of stone. Advanced techniques and special technology has to be used so as to protect the building. We also brush some portions with anti-fungal agents before painting the structure with weatherproof paint which can withstand all weather conditions.\"Limestone and chemicals are being used to fill cracks and patch-up walls. \"Work started with the interiors of the building. Around 30 workers have been employed for the renovation,\" the TNPHC official said. \"They were all given a crash course on working with heritage buildings.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12698635", "title": "Dumper runs over 65-yr-old", "text": "MUMBAI: A 65-year-old woman died after being crushed by a dumper in Chinchpokli on Sunday.The deceased was identified as Prabhavati Pawar, a homemaker who lived in a chawl at Chinchpokli. The police said she was crossing a road near the Arthur Road junction around 12:45pm when the incident occurred.The dumper driver was allegedly speeding and rammed the vehicle into the woman.\"The accused fled the spot and did not bother to help the victim,\" said inspector M Naloude, Agripada police. The driver, Jitendra Pal (26), was later arrested and booked. He was released on bail against a surety of Rs 15,000 on Monday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12697768", "title": "PWD agrees to transplant a fraction of trees it chops", "text": "NASHIK: The state public works department, highway division, has agreed to transplant around 100 of the 1,000 trees it will cut along the Nashik-Sinnar highway, which is being widened.In a public hearing for environmental clearance by the state public works department (PWD) for the project on Friday, environmental activists proposed that most of the trees be transplanted and rules for cutting trees on highways be followed. The state PWD agreed to do the needful.In response to the public notice about the trees that needed to be axed for the Nashik-Sinnar road widening project, representatives of the state PWD, Maharashtra pollution control board (MPCB), Nashik division, and tree activists were present for the hearing at the district collectorate. The parties arrived at an amicable conclusion. The hearing was chaired by additional collector R V Game, and the convenor was sub-regional officer of the MPCB, S R Deshmukh.Superintending engineer of the state PWD, highways division KT Patil and tree activists Mandar Oltikar, Ashwini Bhat, Tejas Chavan, Hrishikesh Nazre and Rajesh Pandit presented their views.The 15.8km road widening project on the Nashik-Sinnar highway, fresh construction of a 9.51km Sinnar bypass, four-laning till Shinde village and service roads along this village would require 1,000 trees to be hacked. The new four-lane Sinnar bypass is a project by the state PWD and needs environmental clearance. \"We had put forth a proposal for the project to the Central government and it had accepted it. After this public hearing, the MPCB will present a report and then we will get the final clearing by the Central ministry of environment and forests, government of India. We can start our primary work,\" said Patil.Tree activists said a large number of trees should be transplanted and norms about planting three trees in place of one should be followed.\"At least 100 of the 1,000 trees should be transplanted and for the remaining trees, three against one axed should be planted before the trees are cut.We asked them to plant indigenous trees, utilize trees as dividers wherever possible and not cut trees if they are not obstructions,\" said tree activist Ashwini Bhat. Tree activists said that minimum five years of care was needed after transplantation and that a clause should be included in the agreement saying that the contractor in charge of transplanting the trees should take care of the trees for five years. The state PWD agreed to transplant around100 trees.Deshmukh said a survey of trees should be carried out to see which trees will survive. \"Only those will be transplanted,\" he said.\"The state PWD and we will do something to save maximum trees jointly.We are not anti-development, neither are we interested in spending money in courts,\" said activist . But we are interested in doing something constructive. We want big roads with big trees,\" saidMandar Oltikar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12698498", "title": "Women are more moral than men, says study", "text": "LONDON: A research has confirmed what women have for long been claiming - they are more moral than men. The study, based on a survey which measured responses to questions about honesty, found women to be more moral than men, with those over 30 years having the strongest values, the Daily Mail reported.The study, by a leading philosopher, also showed that females are more likely to make decisions based on how they impact on others. In fact, Roger Steare has based his conclusions on a 'Moral DNA test' which he developed four years ago to measure both a person's morality and changes in their value systems when they enter the workplace.Since then 60,000 volunteers have taken the questionnaire in more than 200 countries, ranging from chief executives to manual workers and housewives. Each is asked to rate a series of statements about themselves - whether their colleagues or family say they were 'honest' or 'competent'. They then have to evaluate assertions about themselves, such as 'I always honour people's trust in me' and 'I am good at exercising self-control'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12701726", "title": "Sofia's phones are jinxed", "text": "In the last three months, model-turned-actor Sofia Hayat has lost two phones. Most recently, Sofia misplaced her cellphone on her way to Maldives. \"Ok, in 3 months I have lost 2 phones, left the last one in the toilet at an airport in Kerala, on my way to the Maldives.So here I am in paradise, no phone, a bit worried, but hey, when in paradise why worry? The spa resort is unbelieveable. When I arrived I was greeted by 40 dolphins dancing in the waves. I was on the boat here and there they were. In the morning I saw a black tip shark on my way to breakfast. Breakfast of tropical fruits and ayurvedic tonic, while I was overlooking a turquoise beach and white sand. Gym in 2 hrs, followed by diving, then a nice massage with one of the top masseurs in the world in reiki and cranio then cocktails and dinner in the lagoon. Oh! Did I say my house is on the sea with a private dining area, and a enclosed plunge sea, not pool, sea in my house! What phone?\" she had tweeted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12700690", "title": "Tobacco growers fume over plan to cut down production", "text": "MYSORE: Tobacco growers from Mysore and Hassan districts have opposed the Tobacco Board's move to cut down production in the state at a meet here on Monday.Mysore MP A H Vishwanath will meet board officials on April 22 to discuss the issue. The farming community opposed the board's decision taken on April 10, to cut production by 3 per cent. The board has fixed production at 97.5 million kg.This comes after Karnataka posted a production of 104.2 million kg this season. Tobacco farmers say the board's decision will hit them hard and have asked for a gradual decrease in production given the World Health Organization's move to ban use of tobacco by 2020.The contention of farmers is that the tobacco grown in Mysore-Hassan region is of high quality and in demand in the international market. The Virginia variety grown in this part is in great demand. \"But the board is playing truant,\" the Federation of Karnataka Virginia Tobacco Growers' Association secretary Vikram Raj Urs told The Times of India. This is the first time that there's been a move to cut production in the state, he adds.Tobacco is cultivated on 90,000 hectares in Mysore and Hassan region, the tobacco belt in the state. Earlier it was 1.05 lakh hectares.With markets fluctuating, farmers switched to other commercial crops like ginger and turmeric. They hope to get back to tobacco cultivation this season. But the board's move will pinch us, he explained. The board has cut production by 5 per cent in Andhra Pradesh . But it is Karnataka's tobacco that is in demand in the international market, not AP's, he pointed out.Farmers accused the board of succumbing to the Andhra lobby and acting as an agent of the buyers. They said 57,000 farmers will be affected if production is cut suddenly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12697020", "title": "Old City violence: Muslim groups move State Human Rights Commission against police 'high-handedness'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Various Muslim groups on Monday filed petitions with State Human Rights Commission (SHRC) against the city police for torturing them during the recent communal clashes in the Old City. Three separate petitions were filed at the SHRC on Monday including one on the death of a youngster on Sunday night.In the first petition, it was alleged that Syed Ghouse alias Majju (30) jumped to his death while trying to escape the police dragnet. Ghouse was sitting with a group of friends in Asmangadh area in Malakpet on Sunday night when policemen descended on the spot. Ghouse reportedly tried to escape and jumped over a wall but landed on a tin shed covering a sump which gave way. Ghouse, who sustained severe head injuries died on the spot.Hamid Mohammad Khan of Movement for Peace and Justice organization, who filed the petition said that in this particular case Ghouse was falsely implicated and chased. \"The Muslim community is deeply affected by the police attitude. They have not only humiliated the community but also demoralized them. They seem not bothered about how the community would react due to this high-handed behaviour.\"They also filed a petition against the West Zone police officials for their action against Mansoor Babukhan. The petitioners in their written complaint alleged that Mansoor Babukhan was picked up from Masab Tank on Tuesday and beaten till 3:30am without any proper reason. They further complained that West Zone DCP, Stephen Ravindra had also joined the rest of the police personnel in beating up Khan, whose only mistake was smoking a cigarette in front of the policemen, they alleged.The petition expressed concern regarding the safety of common Muslims when a high profile man was treated like this.A separate petition was filed by Mohammad Lateef, a resident of Mallepally and a crockery businessman who alleged that the sub-inspector of Habeebnagar police station had instructed him to regularly give attendance at the station which he was complying with dutifully for some time now. He complained that in the early hours of April 12 while he was sleeping in the station, the SI arrived at 2am and abused him.He further added that, the SI beat him up with a lathi and had to be admitted to Osmania general hospital. He requested the commission to take suitable action against the concerned police official.Nisar Ahmad Kakru, chairman, SHRC admitted all the three cases and ordered the chief secretary, the secretary for home and director general of police (DGP), Andhra Pradesh to submit a report on these incidents by April 18.Bid to 'escape' police raid proves fatal for gamblerHYDERABAD: A 30-year-old gambler on Sunday night had a fatal fall from a building while trying to 'escape' on rumours that police may raid their gambling adda in Asmangarh. The victim was identified as Syed Ghouse alias Majju. According to police, Majju along with two of his friends was playing cards on the terrace of a building in his neighbourhood on Sunday night. While the trio was busy gambling, someone in the neighborhood screamed that police were coming to raid adda. \"Assuming that police were coming for them, the trio jumped from the terrace into the compound of the next house. While doing so Majju landed awkwardly on the edge of a water sump in the adjacent house and suffered severe head injuries. He was rushed to a nearby hospital where he was declared brought dead,\" Malakpet inspector N Satyanarayana said. He said there were no police personnel in that area on Sunday night and locals mistook a man walking in safari suit to be a policeman and raised a false alarm leading to the man's death. After the post-mortem on Monday morning, Majju's final rites were performed at a graveyard in Madannapet amidst heavy police bandobust.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12698024", "title": "Tension in Kottaimedu over alleged encroachment", "text": "COIMBATORE: A bit of tension prevailed at the sensitive Kottaimedu locality in the city on Monday morning after members of a minority community alleged that a portion of small temple situated in front of a larger temple was located on encroached land. They wanted the 'illegal' construction removed immediately.Trouble began when members of various outfits started gathering near the temple to counter the allegation. They subsequently demanded the removal of numerous minority community owned shops and commercial establishments on the road leading to the temple. They submitted petitions to the police commissioner and corporation commissioner their claims and asked the authorities to look into the matter.More than 50 people from various organisations gathered near the smaller temple by 11am. \"The larger temple belongs to the government's HR &amp; CE Department. The smaller temple is also situated on the land of the larger temple. The temple authorities did not encroach upon any land. But some of the minority community people tried to remove a portion of the smaller temple and claimed it was situated on encroached land. Some of the minority people owned shops on the road leading to the temple and they had encroached upon it. The corporation should remove the encroachments,\" said Arjun Sampath, state president of one of the organizations involved in the protest.The outfits later lodged a complaint with corporation commissioner T K Ponnusamy and police commissioner T P Sundaramoorthy demanding action against independent councillor (ward number 82) Mohammed Saleem, who allegedly raised the encroachment issue.When contacted, Saleem denied the allegations against him. \"We are requesting the corporation to clear all the encroached areas in my ward. That work is also going on. We have approached the governmental body and we will only take the legal means,\" said Mohammed Saleem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12699557", "title": "Arabic language: RDC meet on PhD synopsis", "text": "BHOPAL: The research degree committee (RDC) of Barkatullah University met on Monday to discuss the PhD synopsis of students of the Arabic department.According to Arabic language, HoD, Prof Ayesha Raees, six students participated in the RDC. \"We have 30 students in the department in Arabic courses. The RDC for Arabic language was organised after one-and-a half year where six students participated,\" Prof Raees said.Interestingly, the university is yet to release the notification to apply rules of University Grants Commission (UGC) for PhD students. However, the university has asked the candidates appeared in the RDC to give in writing that they have to follow the rules and regulations of the UGC whenever university releases the notification.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12697651", "title": "Three held for gambling, released on bail", "text": "PONDA: The Ponda police on Sunday night arrested three persons for their involvement in gambling. All three have been released on bail, the police said.On a tip-off, the police raided Joe Manuel Bar and Restaurant at Shiroda Bazaar Sunday night where they found owner of the bar Jerome Francis Dias, 45, and Shiroda residents-Gilbert Godinho, 23, and Agnel Godinho, 35- playing cards.The police arrested Dias for promoting gambling in his premises and the others for their involvement in gambling. The police seized the cards and cash of 1,240 from them. The Ponda police registered the case under Sections 3 and 4 of the Goa Gambling Prohibition Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12701434", "title": "Shahid Kapoor at Rashmi Uday Singh's book launch", "text": "At a SoBo five-star, to launch Rashmi Uday Singh's book A Vegetarian in Paris, the city's most colourful vegetarian stole the spotlight, and dare we say, a few hearts as well.Shahid Kapoor arrived late, but made up for the tardiness by wearing his boyish charms on his sleeves. Perhaps why the beauteous Bandana Tewari could not resist but declare loudly - \"Call me when you grow up Shahid!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "malegaon", "code": "12697796", "title": "'Congress mayor in Malegaon again'", "text": "MALEGAON: Former MLA and Congress stalwart Shaikh Rasheed expressed confidence that after a gap of five years, the Congress party will once again elect a mayor in the Malegaon Municipal Corporation (MMC). \"We have emerged as the single-largest party by contesting the elections with a manifesto that showed all the work that needs to be done in the town. We have already begun talking with like-minded parties and we are sure we will be able to elect our mayor in Malegaon,\" Rasheed said.On whether he will seek support from the NCP or Teesra Mahaz or the Shiv Sena , he said, \"People have shown faith in us because they want to see development in the town. We will join hands with any party that agrees on this.\" On the possibility of his wife, Tahira Shaikh, becoming the mayor, he said, \"This decision will be taken by the party high command. We will consult the Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee and the chief minister, and then take a decision,\" he said.Meanwhile, the Janata Dal (S) is in a state of shock after the election results. While its leader Nehal Ahmed was not available for comment, his wife and former municipal president, Sajida Nehal Ahmed, blamed 'internal understandings between some parties' for the rout of the Janata Dal (S). \"The results are totally unexpected for us. We will sit and analyze the election results to see where and how we failed. But one thing is sure, some parties have secretly joined hands with a single motive to defeat the Janata Dal (S),\" Ahmed said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "nagpur/ chandrapur", "code": "12697782", "title": "Chandrapur Municipal Corporation gets hung house; horse trading ahead", "text": "NAGPUR/ CHANDRAPUR: The first-ever election to the newly created Chandrapur Municipal Corporation (CMC) has led to a hung house denying a clear majority to any single political party.The Congress with 26 seats has emerged as the single largest party dealing a big blow to BJP that was hoping to romp home in the turf of its state unit president Sudhir Mugantiwar.Counting of votes was taken up on Monday at the district stadium, a day after polling was held on Sunday with a poor turnout of 56.80% of voters. The results gave a shot in the arm to former MP Naresh Pugalia and his son Rahul who is state Youth Congress vice-president, but the Congress is short by eight to achieve magic figure of 34 to win power.Ten independents and smaller parties like Bahujan Samaj Party , Bharip Bahujan Mahasangh and MNS, which have won a seat each in the 66-member house, now hold the key to control the new civic body. The BJP managed to win only 18 seats. Shiv Sena with five seats and NCP with four seats did not make much impact. With none of the major parties in a pre-poll pact there was a division of secular as well as non-secular votes. In the mayhem, at least two BJP candidates lost by margin of three votes each in Jatpura and Vithal Mandir prabhags. The vote split helped some low profile candidates, particularly independents, to win.Several star candidates lost the election. City NCP chief and former civic-chief Deepak Jaiswal was defeated by novice Karimuddin Kazi in Ekori ward. Similarly, debutant Shiv Sena candidate defeated former civic chief of Congress Suresh Mahakulkar.BJP state secretary Vanita Kanade, district president of Shiv Sena Ramesh Deshmukh, former ZP president Vaishali Wasade, former deputy civic chief Rajesh Mun, president of Prahar Sanghatna Pradeep Deshmukh lost the elections.The NCP had star campaigners like deputy CM Ajit Pawar, senior ministers Chhagan Bhujbal , R R Patil but that did not translate into votes as NCP could win only four seats. Similarly Bunty Bhangdiya-led Yuvashakti Sanghata which did quite well in ZP elections in Gadchiroli, Chandrapur as also in municipal council in Gadchiroli recently failed to make a mark in CMC poll.Former bigwigs of the municipal civic council Ramu Tiwari, Sunita Lodiya, Santosh Lahamge, Dhananjay Hood, Sanjay Vaidya, Ashok Nagapure, Prashant Danav, Manoranjan Roy, Sandeep Awari have made a comeback as new corporators. The Congress may not seek NCP's help as the latter is sharing power with BJP in Zilla Parishad.\"We are sure of getting control with the help of independents,\" Rahul Pugalia told TOI. In the earlier municipal council, Congress was sharing power with BJP. It is now seeing that as an \"unholy\" nexus and wants to keep off the BJP fearing it would send wrong signals.BJP, which successfully grabbed power in ZP elections by gathering all the minor parties, is expecting to repeat it at the CMC. NCP, Shiv Sena, BSP and MNS are already sharing power in ZP with BJP. There are four BJP rebels who won as independents and the party is hopeful they would lend support.CMC winners tallyTotal seats 66Congress 26BJP 18NCP 4Shiv Sena 5Independents 10MNS 1BSP 1Bharip 1", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "12702727", "title": "Gandhi memorabilia to go under the hammer in London", "text": "THRISSUR: A pinch of sand soaked with the blood of Mahatma Gandhi following his assassination in 1948, some of his hand-written post cards and a pair of spectacles would be put to auction in London, which have for long been zealously preserved by a Kerala-based antique buff.Antony Chittattukara, a retired teacher and an ardent Gandhian himself, said these priceless Gandhi memorabilia would be put for bid by global auctioneers, Mullocks at Ludlow Racecourse, London.The auction date was announced after completing all formalities like furnishing clarifications for the authenticity of the articles and circumstances under which they came into his possession, Chittattukara said.Antony said his collection of the Gandhi memorabilia, included eight letters, some of the hand-written post cards and others typed, the spectacles used by Gandhiji when he was a law student in London and a piece of flannel given by a London optician with the reading glass.The collection also comprises a prayer book in Gandhi's mother tongue Gujarati, and a gramaphone record containing the speeches he had delivered during his prayer meetings, Antony said.He said he had kept these items in bank lockers for about 20 years.Antony said earlier some auctioneers had approached him offering huge amounts for his collection but he was reluctant to part with them as he believed that no price could match the true value of these articles that belonged to the Mahatma.These items, which he got from eminent Gandhian Raghava Poduval several years ago, were sent to the auctioneers three months ago thinking that they would reach safe hands who would preserve them for future generations, he added.According to Chittattukara, the soil soaked with the Mahatma's blood was collected by one Subedar P P Nambiar, who was part of the security guards posted outside the Birla House before Gandhi was shot dead.Nambiar had kept it with him for long. Some time back, he issued an advertisement in newspapers in Kerala that he was willing to hand it over to persons who are ready to preserve it. Chittattukara then approached Nambiar and got a pinch of it from him for his collection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12699564", "title": "Bhopal: Air pollution the major trigger for rise in allergy cases", "text": "BHOPAL: Bhopal Memorial Hospital and Research Centre (BMHRC) and Hamidia Hospital studies indicate that about five% of all patients treated suffer from exposure to allergen--allergy causing substance. The findings of the studies attribute most cases of allergy in Bhopal to air pollution.Addressing a press conference on Monday on the first day of the World Allergy Week, a group of city-based doctors said, \"Changes in environment are increasing air pollution leading to a rise in cases of allergy.Besides pollution, over-hygienic lifestyle is another major reason for rise in cases of allergy and asthma according to the city-based doctor, Dr Syed Arham Husain, who had conducted the study in the two city hospitals.Proposing a modified approach to allergic sneezes, he said, \"I suggest that over-protection of children should not be encouraged rather parents should adopt 'natural desensitisation' leading to improved immunological tolerance.\"Dr Arham pointed out that insulated space is a breeding ground for allergies. \" Microorganisms that used to exist and made people exposed to them are changing now. It is changing because of the change in biodiversity and 'too clean' lifestyles,\" he said.The study was conducted almost five years ago. \"Ever since, the situation has gone from the bad to worse because of increase in population after growing urbanization,\" the doctor pointed out.Erratic lifestyle is also weakening immune system of people thus increasing susceptibility to allergies, Dr Atul Somaiya said.\"In spite of this, increase in facilities services for patients with allergic diseases are fragmented and far from ideal,\" said BMHRC director Dr KK Maudar, director, BMHRC.Diseases due to allergies include asthma, rhinitis, anaphylaxis, drug, food and insect allergy, eczema, urticaria (hives) and angioedema. Medical professional suggest that the increase is especially problematic in children, who are bearing the greatest burden of the rising trend which has occurred over the last two decades.Going by National Commission on Macroeconomics and Health (NCMH) background papers - 'burden of disease in India', it is estimated that there were roughly 2.5 crore cases of asthma in 2001, which may go up by nearly 50% by 2016.District tuberculosis officer Dr Manoj Verma said, \"Dust allergy is most common and the side effects of allergies remain even after a TB patients recovers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12699116", "title": "Delhi election results: Counting of votes begins", "text": "NEW DELHI: Counting of votes for the three municipal corporations in the national capital began here today amid tight security.The counting for 272 wards are taking place in 33 centres across the city, a senior State election commission official said.Polling for all the 272 wards spread in three corporations -- East, South and North -- were held on Sunday in which 55 per cent of the 1.15 crore voters exercised their franchise.This was a record for the past 15 years. The elections will decide the electoral fate of 2,423 candidates, majority of them independents.Congress and BJP are waiting with bated breaths for the results as stakes are high for both the national parties in the municipal polls, considered as a semifinal ahead of the Assembly elections next year.Both Congress and BJP had claimed their parties would sweep the polls.Delhi Congress chief J P Agarwal had said he was \"100 per cent confident\" about his party's victory while his BJP counterpart Vijender Gupta was \"certain\" his camp was headed to win all the three Corporations.There are 104 each wards in South and North Corporations and 64 in the East, of which 138 seats are reserved for women. South has the highest number of 904 candidates followed by North (885) and East (634).The municipal polls is seen as crucial for Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit and Congress as well as opposition BJP with leaders believing that it could be an indicator for what is in store for them in the Assembly polls which are 18 months away.BJP, which has 164 councillors in the undivided MCD against Congress' 67 and BSP's 17, has been harping on alleged corruption by Dikshit government while Congress has been targeting the saffron party on its \"inefficient and corrupt\" administration in MCD.In the 2007 polls to the undivided Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD), BJP had bagged 36.17 per cent of the around 42.35 lakh votes polled while Congress got 29.17 per cent. BSP's vote share was 9.87 per cent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12702191", "title": "US corporates preparing 'agenda for progress' for UP", "text": "WASHINGTON: India-focused American companies are developing the &quot;agenda for progress&quot; for Uttar Pradesh with the objective of its all-inclusive and dynamic growth, the US India Business Council(USIBC) has said. The \"agenda for progress\", tailored made for the state, is being prepared at the request of Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav .It would be developed within the first 100 days of the Samajwadi Party government in Uttar Pradesh by USIBC, which is the apex body of American companies doing business in India.\"Once Yadav fine tunes the agenda, USIBC will launch a major high-level executive mission to Uttar Pradesh to begin implementation,\" USIBC president Ron Somers said.\"I look forward to working with this forward-thinking chief minister to help achieve his goal of creating jobs and prosperity for the people of this great state,\" said Somers, who had met Yadav within the very first week of him taking over as the chief minister.Somers said he discussed the development priorities for the state, where American investment would be welcome.These areas include farming best practices; agricultural development, food processing, water development for drinking, irrigation, and treatment; connectivity - including by air, by roads, and via the internet.Other areas include health care development, vocational skills development; manufacturing - with an emphasis on Job creation and energy and power development. \"American companies are keen to invest in all these sectors - so long as the business environment is welcoming,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12698136", "title": "Muslim families seek burial ground", "text": "MADURAI: Around 2,000 Muslim families from Jeeva Nagar and Jaihindpuram have sought the district administration's help to provide them some land to perform the final rites for their dead. Office-bearers from Jumma Masjid in Jeeva Nagar submitted a petition to the district administration in this regard during the public grievance redressal day on Monday.S Mohammed Abdul Kani, president of the masjid committee, told media persons that there are 2,000 families living in these areas and each time a death occurred, they had to plead with the masjid authorities from Kajimar Street, Katrapalayam and South Gate, to allot them a place for burial. \"It causes lot of agony to the families besides incurring financial expenses. We badly need a burial ground for our people,\" he said.Earlier, the Wakf Board had held an enquiry in 2009 based on the instructions from the joint secretary. The office-bearers have also highlighted a possible location in survey number 411/1 in Avaniapuram tank area that has been converted into government land for establishing a housing board colony. \"There are 10 acres of vacant land available after allotting for the housing board and the government can consider allotting the land as a burial ground,\" Kani said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12701012", "title": "'Jobless' Shahid revives Shaad Ali", "text": "Shahid Kapoor may be one of B-town's hottest actors today with multiple projects awaiting him. However, at a book launch in SoBo on Monday morning, he threw the audience off-guard with his self-deprecating brand of humour. The actor joked that he is currently without a job so he'd much rather do something useful in his spare time.While Kapoor was being plain funny, Mirror can tell you there may be some truth to his remark and how!Reportedly, Kapoor has been in talks for various films including UTV Motion Pictures' Vettai, Siddarth Malhotra's film to be produced by Tips and Sajid Nadiadwala's Heer Ranjha, not to mention his having given the go ahead to Maneesh Sharma's film to be produced by Yash Raj Films.However for some strange reason, all films seem to be stuck as of now with the result that all of Shahid's dates are completely free. Which is also why Shaad Ali has managed to sign on Shahid for his next which is tentatively titled Ek Vanila Do Parathe.According to a source close to the actor, when the Hindi remake of Vettai didn't work out , that's when Shahid realised his dates were completely free. Add to that, Maneesh Sharma is bedridden thanks to his back problem, the Taurani brothers are busy with Race 2 and Sajid Nadiadwala is tied up with some other films.Said the source, \"Ultimately, Shahid spoke to Aditya Chopra about availability of dates, and Adi being Adi, immediately offered him Shaad's film. Shahid loved the script and immediately gave his nod. The film will go on floors in May. Another lead actor and a leading lady are yet to be finalised. However rumour is Parineeti Chopra may be the one.\" YRF's however says the film is still being scripted.For Shaad Ali, Ek Vanila Do Parathe marks a comeback of sorts after his disastrous Jhoom Barabar Jhoom that released in 2007. In the interim, he assisted his mentor Mani Ratnam in both Guru and Raavan before returning to the YRF fold. He will now be making his fourth film with the banner after Saathiya and Bunty Aur Babli became super hits. Earlier too, Shaad had assisted Mani Ratnam in Dil Se.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12698692", "title": "Auto strike leaves Mumbaikars high and dry", "text": "Other than the sweltering heat, commuters had to survive the near-total autorickshaw strike in the Mumbai metropolitan region on Monday. Most had to trudge up to railway stations or queue up for overcrowded buses as more than 97% three-wheelers stayed off roads; a total of seven lakh rickshaws were on strike across the state.This time, though, the RTO was quick to crack the whip. It issued showcause notices to 198 rickshaws in the western suburbs, and threatened to cancel their permits. Those who thought the 3% autos that continued to ply would provide some respite were in for disappointment though, as most demanded excess fares. Anuj Bhatt, a daily commuter, alleged that some charged 40% more in Bandra.The few visible rickshaws, belonging to rival unions such as Shiv Sena, MNS and Mumbai Rickshawmen's Union (MRU), said they faced their own set of woes. They were intimidated by goons on twowheelers, despite assurance of police protection. MRU leader Thampy Kurian said stones were pelted and windscreens damaged in Goregaon, Malad and a few other places. MNS transport union leader Haji Arafat Shaikh said at least five groups of men were involved.Activists from Sharad Rao's union, which gave the strike call, denied any involvement. \"We had a peaceful protest on Monday and our purpose was to take a morcha to the state transport commissioner and highlight our demands for a fare hike for both CNG and petrol autos. We are against any form of violence,\" said a senior union member. Shaikh said rickshaws plied (in small numbers) in Sion, Kurla, Andheri, Bandra, Jogeshwari, Ghatkopar and Mulund. The Shiv Sena, too, opposed the strike and so did MRU led by Congress leader Hussain Dalwai. This gave a political colour to the strike as Rao is affiliated to the NCP. Rao, though, denied any political agenda. \"We plied autos in Mumbai and Thane,\" said Sena union leader Anil Parab. Swabhiman Taxi Rickshaw Union, too, claimed to ply autos.Meanwhile, the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Transport Authority on Monday issued a new tariff card for autos, with the one rupee interim hike. (See 'Tariff Card' ). Regional transport officer (Wadala) Vikas Pandkar said, \"We had granted the interim hike to auto drivers three days before they went on strike. The agitation on Monday was uncalled for.\"Several RTO squads visited lanes where autos were parked and pasted showcause notices on them under the Motor Vehicle Act. \"We plan to fine these drivers (Rs 3,000 maximum), suspend their permits and, if required, cancel permits and issue them to new drivers,\" said a senior transport official. Most drivers, though, said they stayed away due to fear, and should not be prosecuted.The RTO also mobilized 88 private buses and van operators, and NGOs to provide transport to railway stations.But the absence of rickshaws hit commuters hard. \"It's frustrating to face an auto strike on the first day of the week,\" said Seema Kirtikar, a bank employee who walked to Andheri station. Rita Dey, who works for Air India and travels from Navi Mumbai to Santa Cruz, complained that the frequency of bus service was poor. BEST authorities, though, claimed they had deployed more buses on feeder routes. Mumbai International Airport Pvt Ltd had requested BEST to provide four to five more buses for passengers at the airport. Activist Sunil Mone said he has petitioned the BEST to start circular bus routes outside almost all stations in western suburbs. \"The BEST claims the buses would not make profits. Let them charge a rupee more, but provide alternate transport to Mumbaikars. It will put an end to autos' monopoly.\"Commuters faced hardship even in the neighbouring cities. Navi Mumbai's Vishwanath Kumar said, \"By going on this token strike, they are bragging that they are not even scared of the government.\"Autos in Bhayander (West), too, stayed off roads. Rohan D' - souza of Uttan in Bhayander West said, \"I was caught unawares.\" In Mira Road, MNS activist Aman Shaikh said autos plied as party workers ensured drivers ferried commuters.(With inputs from Nitin Yeshwantrao, Vijay Singh, Sandhya Nair, Chinmayi Shalya and Johan Fleury)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12698369", "title": "57 rescued; no police case registered", "text": "JALANDHAR: Rescue operations to save those trapped under the rubble of collapsed four-storey factory building in Jalandhar continued till late on Monday evening. No police case, though, has been registered despite five persons having died and 57 injured being extricated from the debris in Industrial Focal Point. Police commissioner Gaurav Yadav said a case would be registered once the inquiry by divisional commissioner Anurag Verma is conducted.While two bodies were taken out of the collapsed material, rescuers were still trying to three others lying under the rubble. Many more are feared trapped under the fallen material. National Disaster Response Force (NDRF), Army, CRPF, Punjab Police and PAP jawans have been pushed into the massive rescue operation.The factory, Shital Fibres, a blanket manufacturing unit, is owned by Shital Vij, who is also the head of managing committee of Devi Talab Temple and started a Hindi daily recently. Contrary to the earlier contention that a boiler blast had which led to the building collapse, Vij has denied that there was a boiler inside the factory. His family has three more units in the vicinity of the affected unit.Deputy commissioner Priyank Bharti and other officials said that according to the statement given by Vij, there were around 70 to 75 workers inside the factory at the time of collapse. However, the figure was yet to be ascertained. According to the survivors, the number of those inside the fallen material was much higher. Most of the victims are migrants from Bihar.The building collapsed around 11.30 on Sunday night. Assistant commissioner of police Jasbir Singh Rai said they had immediately rescued over 40 persons who were on the top floor of the building and had a tin roof. More teams -- NRDF from Bathinda and a column of engineering wing of Vajra Corp - were summoned for relief operations and joined by volunteers. Some of those trapped inside managed to make calls to their friends and helped the rescuers in reaching them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12696702", "title": "Scrap 34 dams on Ganga: Green panel", "text": "NEW DELHI: A report commissioned by the government has recommended that 34 dams on the Alaknanda and Bhagirathi rivers - the two main tributaries of the Ganga - should not be allowed to come up as they will cause irrevocable harm to biodiversity in Uttarakhand.Prepared by the Wildlife Institute of India (WII), the report flashes a red light with regard to the hydroelectric projects that add up to 2,600 MW and make for about a tenth of all small and big dams on the anvil in the state.The report, prepared at the behest of the environment ministry, also recommends maintenance of a minimum ecological flow at different points along river stretches that can impact production of power from other dams. If the suggestion is accepted, these power projects will have to function at a lower than planned production level.The report comes ahead of a meeting of the National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA), to be chaired by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Tuesday. The meeting was called after G D Agarwal, earlier a member secretary of the Central Pollution Control Board and a professor at IIT Kanpur, went on fast to demand dams in Uttarakhand be stopped and the river be allowed to flow freely.The big projects in the \"red list\" include the 530 MW Kotlibhel II, the 250 MW Tamak Lata on Dhauli Ganga, the 320 MW Kotlibhel IB on Alaknanda, the 381 MW Bharon Ghati and the195 MW Kotlibhel IA on Bhagirathi. The WII report notes, \"The scenarios (with the 34 dams being excluded) also provide adequate basis...to applying an 'exclusion approach' across the two basins for securing key biodiversity values.\"Stopping the dams, the report says, is important to safeguard \"critically important habitats and designated protected areas\". While WII has not used words like \"stop\" and \"rollback\", its uses of the term \"excluded\" is intended to signal that it will opt for conserving biodiversity over power production goals.The debate within government and among activists has been raging for almost two years with some asking that all projects be halted till a cumulative assessment is undertaken. Earlier, the 'holy' nature of the river was evoked by the government to stop some upcoming dams, while invoking the fiscal imperative to continue projects that are heavily invested in.The meeting on Tuesday has been preceded by state officers as well as the Union environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan meeting PMO brass separately over the past two days. The PM is expected to hold the meeting on Tuesday with some of Agarwal's team members expected to be present as special invitees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12696665", "title": "Curfew lifted in Old City", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police on Monday completely lifted the curfew imposed in Madannapet and Saidabad areas in the Old City which witnessed communal clashes following the desecration of a place of worship on April 8. However, Section 144 of the IPC has been put in force in the two adjoining colonies that prohibits gathering of five or more persons at any place.While residents have welcomed the move and the police crackdown on culprits involved in the communal clashes, some have expressed apprehension about innocent people being picked up by investigators.The Special Investigating Team of the detective department of the city police has registered 21 cases __ 13 from Saidabad and eight from Madannapet. It has also arrested 18 persons under various IPC sections.\"The police have identified some persons and have stated that \"others\" are absconding. They can arrest anybody later and show him as among the \"others\" involved in rioting. Many parents are worried that innocent boys could be arrested in the days to come,\" G Santosh, a resident of Madannapet said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12698113", "title": "Tiger and python skins seized in Erode", "text": "COIMBATORE: Three people were arrested by forest officials at Kanchikovil near Perundurai in Erode district late on Sunday night while trying to smuggle tiger and python skins said to worth about Rs 4 crore.Forest officials began conducting a check of vehicles in the area following information from Chennai that some people were attempting to sell skins of protected wild animals and reptiles, Erode forest conservator D Arun told TOI.A special team comprising assistant conservator of forest D Chandran and range forest officer K Ravichandran checked a vehicle on the Erode-Coimbatore Highway and interrogated those travelling in it. The officials seized tiger and python skins from a bag kept inside the vehicle.The arrested have been identified as L Ashwin (22), a resident of Chennai, and Vincent Babu Raj (47) and Balamurugan(35), both from Tirupur. The arrested were produced on Monday in a Perundurai court which remanded them in judicial custody. The forest department officials have sent the seized skins to a laboratory in Chennai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12697467", "title": "Sr officials face perjury charges", "text": "MUMBAI: Development permissions for a multiplex in Jalgaon has landed T C Benjamin, principal secretary, urban development department in Maharashtra, Medha Gadgil, principal secretary (home), and two others with a notice from the Bombay high court over a complaint of perjury against them.Justice A V Nirgude of the Aurangabad bench last week issued the notice to Benjamin, Gadgil and D R Rajurkar, district magistrate, Jalgaon, on a criminal application filed by Crescent Entertainment and Tourism Ltd, Mumbai, through its director Ishwarchand Pratapchand Modi.The court passed the order after it heard Crescent counsel Sandeep Deshmukh who argued that the three senior bureaucrats had committed perjury by swearing falsely on oath. The point before the court is whether Gadgil, Benjamin and others had deliberately filed false affidavits before the HC and thus committed perjury. The officers have time till June 12 now to file their replies and explain why their actions do not amount to perjury. The case that landed the top babus in a legal soup involves a small prime plot of land in a former mill compound in Jalgaon. Crescent sought an NOC for location of land to set up a multiplex on the plot in 2010. The local authorities cleared the proposal but the matter got stuck at the state home department level after it refused permission in September 2010 on the ground that the plot was reserved for \"industrial\" use and had to first be converted to \"residential' as suggested by the UD department. Crescent moved the HC against the refusal of permission and last November Justice K U Chandiwal set aside the disapproval letter issued by the home department and directed the principal secretary of the home department to decide Crescent's application again. The HC held that the refusal by the department \"was uncalled for\" as the plot already was being used for industrial, commercial and residential use as permitted under the plans.The plot was on private Khandesh Mill complex and was part industrial and part residential. The Jalgaon municipal corporations had also given permissions for the multiplex.Crescent filed for contempt of court against the bureaucrats for failing to comply with the November order. The HC will hear the contempt plea on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12698746", "title": "5 yrs on block, HUL\u2019s 1.5L sq ft headquarters leased to HDFC", "text": "MUMBAI: Five years after it was first put on the block, FMCG major Hindustan Unilever Ltd (HUL) has finally found a client for its marquee former headquarters at Backbay Reclamation in Churchgate. Housing finance giant HDFC has taken on lease the entire HUL House spread over 1.53 lakh sq ft.\"HDFC and its group companies will shift to this property,\" an HDFC spokesperson told TOI on Monday. \"We are expanding rapidly and need more space for our staff.\" Although the spokesperson refused to reveal the transaction details, TOI has learned through market sources that HUL initially demanded Rs 200 a sq ft per month plus Rs 18 per sq ft for maintenance and property tax. \"But HDFC must have negotiated hard and brought it down to around Rs 160,\" said a property consultant who tracked the deal. The annual rent could be Rs 25 crore. The outgoings will be paid by HUL.The lease agreement is for three years. The ground-plus-seven-storey HUL House is located barely a few metres from the HDFC headquarters in Ramon House. HDFC also occupies four floors in Mistry Bhavan behind Ramon House.HUL shifted out of its Churchgate headquarters in January 2010 after 46 years and moved into a 12.5-acre campus in Andheri (E). HUL first announced its plan to shift in 2006. \"The idea behind the move was to integrate various business processes under 'One HUL Campus ' and to further integrate business processes and leverage scale and synergies across the organization,\" a HUL statement had stated.The transition to the new campus was done in two phases. In Phase I, the foods business team was relocated from Bangalore to the erstwhile Mumbai head office on January 1, 2007. In Phase II, the head office was relocated to the new Andheri campus on January 25, 2010.In the past few years, it unsuccessfully negotiated with several clients, including Royal Bank of Scotland and Development Bank of Singapore. State Bank of India and Bank of Baroda were also in talks with HUL to buy the property. But in January 2012, it decided to lease out the Churchgate building and offered it to potential clients for lease for five to nine years. It also offered the lessee the option to buy the property after the first three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12698414", "title": "Leaders agree on water meters", "text": "PUNE: Metered water supply for household consumers appears to have got the nod from leaders of the city's political parties.At an all-party meeting in Mumbai on Monday to discuss the city's infrastructure projects, deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar said that installing such meters was the only way to curb excessive use of water and wastage. He added that, based on the condition that the cost of service and its recovery should also be equal under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission, the Union government had set the 24-hour water supply norm and installation of meters for all consumers.\"During Monday's meeting, all party leaders agreed in principal to the installation of water meters,\" said Congress MLC Mohan Joshi, who attended the meeting. \"However we were all concerned about the installation charges. It was then decided that the PMC should initially bear the cost and later recover in installments\".NCP MLC Anil Bhosale said, \"The PMC will consider the option of availing a loan worth Rs 150 crore for the water meter project.\"The civic administration has repeatedly attempted to introduce a metered water billing system to calculate water tax, but the general body had scrapped it for domestic users from April 1, 2000, and had instead been billing users on a system based on the Annual Rateable Value (ARV) of their property.As per the original proposal tabled by the civic administration, 150 litres of water will be provided per head and a five-member family will be considered as a unit. If a family uses 150 litres water per head (750 litres in total) no extra charges will be imposed and the existing water rates will be charged. About Rs 33 will be charged for every additional 1,000 litres.The proposal said that modified water meters will be used for the purpose and consumers will have to pay for the meter in five installments while paying property tax.Experts in water management have backed a metered water system in Pune, which will help equitable distribution of water and ensure that people pay for the actual amount of water they utilise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12700420", "title": "Saif, Jacky\u2019s deadly duel", "text": "The actors are going through hours of training for a fencing sequence in their upcoming film Race 2Once again, another lead pair Saif Ali Khan and Jacqueline Fernandes will engage in an on-screen duel but in a very different setting and the modus operandi of the fight will be fencing.Mirror has learnt that the two actors will be seen locked in a deadly duel for their upcoming film RaceProducer Ramesh Taurani confirmed the news and said, \"The actors have been trained for a sword fencing sequence formulated by action director Peter Hein. We have specially flown down trainers from Vietnam for this sequence. Saif and Jacqueline have both given it their best to make it a mind-blowing sequence which we are planning to shoot soon.\"Elaborating on the complex action sequence, director duo Abbas-Mustan said, \"Both stars have an important action sequence opposite each other in Race 2 so both have to match their energy and level of action. Jacqueline has taken a lot of interest and dedicated herself completely to getting her actions and facial expressions right. We were surprised to see her level of commitment. Many days, she managed to practise for up to four hours at a stretch. Whereas, Saif, who has been practising daily, is still not satisfied. So he has decided to train more to learn the art properly.\"A source close to the film told Mirror, \"The original plan was to shoot the sequence in Mumbai but later, directors found an exotic location in Turkey . This is a major schedule of the film and will be shot for 65 days starting May 1. Both stars will practise for an hour daily before the shoot.\"\"It's a three and a half minute intensive action sequence between the actors in martial art form,\" the source added.The film is slated for release on Jan 25, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12697937", "title": "Station eastern gate work starts", "text": "NAGPUR: The renovation of the eastern entrance of Nagpur railway station finally started on Monday with Brijesh Dixit, divisional railway manager (DRM), Nagpur Division, performing the ground breaking ceremony.Under the renovation programme, the eastern side of the Nagpur station is set to get a new facade, complete with murals depicting the character of the city and a big orange. This facade will integrate all offices on the eastern side and is a step towards making Nagpur a world class station. The estimated cost of this work is Rs 80 lakh.Central Railway had also declared that the base kitchens at Nagpur and Ballarshah stations will be upgraded. While the base kitchen at Ballarshah was inaugurated in January, the work at Nagpur is yet to begin.\"The plan for upgradation of base kitchen at Nagpur station is nearly ready, we expect the work to begin in the next three weeks,\" said Dixit. He added that the old steam locomotive, which was proposed to be kept in front of the western entrance, will be in place by May first or second week.The various initiatives taken to make Nagpur a world class station also include installation of escalators on both entrances of station. Brijesh Dixit informed that they will be in place by December. He also said that an independent entry point is also being planned at the south gate of the railway station. This entry will be exclusively for people without luggage.With this, the renovation of base kitchens and installation of escalators expected to be completed by December, Nagpur will be well set to become a world class station.Meanwhile, Dixit said that the enquiry into the recent derailment of a goods train was still underway and the report will take some time to come.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "gondia ", "code": "12697896", "title": "Adani won't be hurdle in region's irrigation: Patel", "text": "GONDIA : Union heavy industries minister Praful Patel gave had soothing words for the farmers of Gondia and Bhandara on Sunday. \"Your share of water won't be curtailed due to Adani plant,\" Patel assured the farmers. Patel paid a visit to Dhapewada lift irrigation project near Tiroda. He was accompanied by state water resources minister Sunil Tatkare.Addressing the farmers, Patel said, \"For development we need electricity and we all know there is shortage of power in the state. We are trying to get power projects without putting the farmer's lives to risk but the opposition parties are not favouring the issue. Due to this, the project is also getting delayed. As a result, the original cost of the project of Rs 917 crore has gone up to Rs 1,360 crore and if there are any more obstacles the project cost could go beyond Rs 2,000 crore.\"Water resources minister Tatkare said that Patel is striving hard to complete all the irrigation projects which are nearing completion and he is here to resolve all those problems which are delaying them. Adani thermal plant is one of them.Tatkare, for the first time, admitted that Adani has paid Rs 150 crore as advance water tax, due to which the progress of this project could be accelerated. Moreover, he made an important announcement that Adani would get the water in its first phase itself.Those present on the occasion included former MLA Dilip Bansod, Dr Sushil Rahangdale, chief secretary of water resources department Eknath Patil and executive director Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation Zalke. MLC Rajendrakumar Jain made the introductory speech.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "surendernagar", "code": "12700868", "title": "Woman clubs husband to death", "text": "SURENDERNAGAR: A woman killed her husband by clubbing him to death in Joravarnagar area of the city on Sunday night. The murder was detected after the victim's body was found by his son on Monday morning.Police identified the deceased as Ambaram Parmar (52). Police said the murder was the result of frequent quarrels between the couple. \"On the fateful night, after having a tiff with Ambaram, accused Manjula picked up a stick and dealt several blows to Ambaram, killing him on the spot,\" a police official said.On Monday morning, when the couple's son Rajesh came home, he saw the door opened and his mother missing. When he went to his parents' room, he found his father's dead body in a pool of blood and informed the police. Manjula was soon arrested from the area. During questioning, she confessed to her crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12698093", "title": "Patna zoo may lose 2000 trees for airport expansion", "text": "PATNA: The Airport Authority of India (AAI) is surveying and marking over 2,000 trees on the premises of Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park under its expansion plan for the Jaya Prakash Narayan airport here. The AAI will send a proposal to the state government for cutting the identified trees creating problems in taking-off and landing of the aircrafts at the airport.If the AAI got its proposal forwarded by the state government and approved by the Union ministry of forest and environment, the 2,000 trees above 25 feet of height would be uprooted. There are many precious and rare species of trees on the 15 acre land of the zoo.\"The trees are being identified and marked only. The zoo is governed under the Forest Conservation Act, 1980. It is a protected forest. The airport authorities will need the permission from the Union ministry of forest and environment for even scratching the trees,\" zoo director Abhay Kumar told TOI on Monday.He, however, said the process would take. \"Earlier the airport authorities had identified 3,700 trees to cut down for the safety of airplanes landing at the Patna airport,\" he said.Director of Patna airport Arvind Dubey said, \"Aircrafts taking off and landing at the airport face disturbances due to the thick vegetation around the airport area. The proposal for removal of trees has been pending for a long time and we want this change for the safe movement of flights. The survey is on to list the trees creating disturbances in the area.\"The zoo has about 10,000 trees. Some of them, like patali, putranjiva, hijjal, terminaliya myriocarpa, heterophragma, kigalia pinnata, ficus and cassia javanica, are of rare varieties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12697851", "title": "Goa cops foil suicide bid in nick of time", "text": "PANAJI: A possible suicide attempt was witnessed at Candolim Beach on Sunday at around 7.45pm.The beach safety patrol noticed a man in his 30s lying about 500m south of the Candolim LG tower. Initially the team thought that the unknown male had consumed too much alcohol but on going closer, they smelled something foul.They tried to rouse the victim and get him to speak but he didn't respond. He kept murmuring in an unknown language later identified as Kannada. The guards spotted some frothing from his nose and mouth which was when an emergency procedure was initiated.The police were informed that since the victim appeared to be critical and he would be shifted to Candolim primary health centre. After doctors diagnosed him, he was immediately transfered to GMC, Bambolim. Doctors said that the victim had consumed a very high quantity (800ml-1l) of thick white oil paint / turpentine kind of mixture. The Karnataka-native resisted doctors' attempts to try and suck out the fluid and six men had to hold him down for the procedure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12699643", "title": "Bad road adds to patients' woes", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The road connecting Mahatma Gandhi Marg in Civil Lines with SRN hospital remains in a dilapidated condition with civic bodies failing to repair it. Further, the overflowing drain water inundates the road.The road remains busy as it is used by patients coming from the district and adjoining districts to reach SRN hospital. Yet, the Allahabad Municipal Corporation is not taking its repair and it's the patients who have to take a bumpy ride to reach the hospital.Patients regularly complain about the bad road but to no avail. The drains across the road are also not cleaned regularly. As a result, water overflows from the drains and floods the road, causing more inconvenience for commuters.Ashok Mathur, a local resident, said, \"The road is full of potholes and one has to be careful while moving on the road.Speaking about the problems being faced by the patients, Mohan Srivastava said: \"Though most of the roads are in bad condition, this road needs urgent repair as hundreds of patients come to the hospital daily.Locals also complain about the stinking drain.Head, gastroenterology department, MLN Medical College, Dr Manisha Dwivedi said: \"Patients coming to the hospital face lot of difficulties due to the dilapidated approach road. The problem is more for patients suffering from orthopedic injuries. The authorities should take this matter on a priority basis and undertake the repair of the roads.\"Municipal commissioner Ashok Kumar told TOI that he would look into the matter and make arrangements for repair of the road so that patients do not face problems in reaching the hospital.The ongoing widening of Dayananda Marg has damaged the sewage pipelines as a result of which water is spilling on the road. The problem is persisting for past many days but the authorities have not repaired the damaged pipelines.The portion of Dayanand Marg stretching from Children's Park to Indian Press Crossing is being widened.The sweage pipeline is important as it connects to Old City areas including Katra, Manmohan park, Colonelganj, Bakhtiyari, etc. Further, the contruction material has has been put into the open manholes and this has choked the sewage lines.Colonelganj corporator Anand Ghidiyal said, \"Due to the ongoing work, four manholes have got damaged apart from the sewage pipelines. The pipeline needs to be urgently repaired, otherwise filthy water will flood the adjoining localities.\"He said many complaints have been made to civic authorities including Allahabad Municipal Corporation, Jal Sansthan, public works committee but no action has been taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12697501", "title": "Election effect: 33 Police Inspectors, 12 Deputy Superintendent of Police s, 9 Police Sub Inspectors transferred", "text": "PANAJI: The police establishment board on Monday transferred 12 deputy superintendents of police, 33 police inspectors and nine police sub-inspectors in the first major transfer in the department after the elections.Speaking to TOI, SP headquarters Shekhar Prabhudessai said, \"We issued the general transfers of DySPs and PIs, whereas PSIs are transferred as per the additional requirement.\" A total of 690 police personnel were transferred on the eve of the state legislative assembly elections.Sub-district police officer (SDPO) for Bicholim Sammy Tavares has been transferred as DySP for Konkan Railways. SDPO for Panaji Gajanan Prabhudesai will now serve as SDPO, Bicholim. Umesh Gaonkar will replace Prabhudesai in Panaji.Crime branch DySP Mohan Naik will hold the post of SDPO, Margao. While Mahesh Gaonkar has been posted as SDPO, Quepem, Porvorim SDPO Bosseut Silva will now hold charge as SDPO, Mapusa-I, with an additional charge of Porvorim.Nilu Raut Desai has been transferred to CID CB, Panaji, and will hold additional charge as DySP ANC police station. DySP traffic, South, J M Nagvenkar has been posted as DySP of the polcie headquarters. DySP crime branch Chandrakant Salgoankar has been asked to take charge as CID security.DySP, ANC, Panaji, Rohidas Patre and DySP, Konkan Railway, Deu Banulikar have been posted as DySP, GRP B Coy and GRP C Coy, respectively.SDPO Quepem G P Mhapne has been moved as DySP traffic, South. Police inspector Jivba Dalvi has been posted to Collem, Shivram Vaigankar transferred to Agasiam, Santosh Dessai will hold charge of Quepem, Siddhant Shirodkar will take charge of Curchorem police station, Nilesh Rane has been posted to Colva, Devendra Gad to Sanguem, Sudesh Naik to Margao town, Tushar Vernekar has been transferred to Mapusa, Ninad Deulkar to Bicholim, C L Patil to Porvorim, Rajendra raut Dessai will take charge of Cuncolim, Tushar Lotlikar has been posted to Pernem, Rahool Parab to Anjuna, Nolasco Raposo to Calangute, Gurudas Kadam to Maina-Curtorim, Suresh Gaonkar has been shifted to Harbour, Harishchandra Madkaikar to Canacona, Ramesh Gaonkar to Valpoi, Suraj Halarnkar to Verna, Manoj Mardolkar to Old Goa, Gurudas Gawade to Betul coastal, Rajesh Kumar to the immigration aiprort, Bhanudas Dessai to CID EOC, Day Parab to GRP B Coy, Dharmesh Angle to traffic, Panaji, Sudesh Narvekar to traffic cell Vasco, Roy Pereira to traffic cell Margao, Prabodh Shirwoikar to traffic cell Ponda, Shaikh Salim to traffic cell Mapusa, Edwin Colaco has been posted to GRP D Coy, while Rajan Nigale and Wilson D' Souza have both been posted to ACB/vigilance and Sagar Ekoskar has been posted to Ponda police station.In a separate order, PSI Terence Vaz has been transferred to Agasaim, Sanjay Dalvi to traffic cell, Curchorem, Dinesh Gadekar to Agasiam, Razashad Shaikj to Bicholim, Harish Gawas to Porvorim, Diogo Gracias to Margao town, Sachin Panalkar to Maina-Curtorim, Sherif Jaques and G N Bhandari to Ponda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12698183", "title": "H1N1 WATCH: 20 more cases reported", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka has reported 20 positive cases of Influenza A (also known as H1N1 and swine flu ) in the past three days across the state but no deaths have been reported, said Dr Chandrashekhar Malagi, joint director, communicable diseases, health &amp; family welfare department.The total number of positive cases is now 138. The virus has claimed seven lives since January 2012, but it is not very aggressive. \"We have enough stock of Tamiflu tablets, the medicine for H1N1. The virus is not as aggressive as it was in 2009-2010 and people needn't panic. Taking simple precautions and maintaining hygiene can help prevent H1N1,\" said Dr Malagi.For guidance, contact Nationwide Clinic helpline 91-9844994100", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12702296", "title": "Zynga flashes $1.8bn in search for new FarmVille", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Zynga Inc merger chief Barry Cottle plans to step up the pace of acquisitions, spending hundreds of millions of dollars in search of a new social-gaming blockbuster on par with hits \"FarmVille\" and \"CityVille.\"The biggest maker of social games paid $180 million last month to acquire OMGPop Inc, after spending a combined $147.2 million for 22 companies in 2010 and 2011. Chief Executive Officer Mark Pincus expects to do \"a few\" deals the size of OMGPop or larger in the next three to five years, he said in an interview at the company's San Francisco headquarters.\"We love finding great, accomplished teams that share our mission and vision,\" Pincus said. \"If we ever see breakout opportunities that massively accelerate social gaming at Zynga, we'll aggressively pursue those, too.\"In its first year as a publicly traded company, Zynga is turning to M&A; to expand into new regions and markets such as mobile games. Led by former Electronic Arts Inc executive Cottle, Zynga's retooled acquisitions team is working to speed up its deal-making process, outbid rivals on price and do a better job of keeping the talent it purchases. Their objective: injecting more high-growth hits like OMGPop's \"Draw Something\" into Zynga's portfolio of games.\"We're sitting in a very advantageous position,\" Cottle said in an interview. \"We have a significant amount of cash, we have no debt, and we have access to debt to be as aggressive as we need to be.\"Zynga has $1.81 billion in cash and short-term investments.Bigger targetsGoing after more-established targets that are popular with users and generating revenue is a shift for a company once known for buying small and relatively unknown teams of developers, said Nabeel Hyatt, a former entrepreneur who sold Conduit Labs Inc to Zynga in 2010 and is now a venture partner at Spark Capital.\"The mandate for Barry is to go acquire not just teams, but products that are having an impact in the market,\" Hyatt said. \"That's a whole new ballgame at Zynga. It's a different skill, and we will see how good Zynga is at it.\"So far, the game maker has failed to keep much of the top talent it has acquired. Founders from at least six startups have already left Zynga. That includes Hyatt, who left earlier this year. Roger Dickey, who founded the popular \"Mafia Wars\" franchise after Zynga acquired his startup in 2008, left the company last year.'High accountability' \"The culture of Zynga is not for everybody,\" Hyatt said. \"It is a culture of very high accountability.\"A majority of the founders of acquired startups, including those not publicly disclosed, still work with the company, Pincus said.Cottle, lured from Electronic Arts in January by a compensation package worth more than $25 million, has a track record in digital gaming. Over the past five years, he helped Electronic Arts become a leader in mobile gaming, and, through the company's $400 million acquisition of Playfish Inc in 2009, No. 2 in social games.Cottle's poaching is the latest salvo in an escalating face-off between the two game makers. Zynga has hired Electronic Arts veterans, including its chief operating officer and Cottle's boss, John Schappert. EA has spent heavily marketing social games like \"The Sims,\" and last year outbid Zynga to acquire \"Plants vs Zombies\" developer PopCap Games Inc for as much as $1.3 billion.Facebook relianceBoth Zynga and Electronic Arts make free games played on Facebook. They generate revenue by selling virtual goods within the apps -- say, a gun in \"Mafia Wars\" or a tractor in \"FarmVille.\" Zynga, which makes more than 90 per cent of its sales through Facebook, is working to decrease that reliance by offering games on social sites, including Google Inc's Google+, and on mobile devices.Since joining Zynga, Cottle has helped refine a deal-making process that once consisted of a handful business-development managers sharing a single spreadsheet of more than 400 prospective targets. Now the company brings human-resources executives to meet acquisition candidates, asks its technical staff to look for potential snags in technology and deploys Pincus to convince startup founders that Zynga is entrepreneur- friendly.\"We pride ourselves on being able to move fast,\" Cottle said. \"Not because we're not thorough, but because we have a pretty strong playbook when it comes to doing acquisitions.\"'The fixer' Zynga's thoroughness was on display last month in New York , where OMGPop CEO Dan Porter hosted Guru Gowrappan, Zynga's head of M&A; integration, who the company sends in to ease the assimilation process. Nicknamed \"The Fixer,\" Gowrappan helped Porter find answers to a variety of issues, from how to set up his employees' COBRA health benefits to getting Android-powered handsets to use for software tests.\"He had this encyclopedic knowledge of every division in Zynga, and just routed us,\" Porter said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12698114", "title": "Mango season arrived, poor yield causes price rise", "text": "COIMBATORE: The king of fruits has become scarce and expensive in western Tamil Nadu due to poor yield caused by adverse climatic conditions in the mango hubs of Krishnagiri and Dharmapuri. The highly popular Malgova variety is hardly to be seen while Alphonso costs more than Rs 180 a kg in the wholesale markets of Coimbatore.The parrot bill-shaped Thothapuri, normally available in the markets in abundance at this time, is also scarce. The harvest is yet to begin in most orchards in Krishnagiri and Dharamapuri where indifferent weather has affected the flowering. Imampasanth is priced at Rs 180 a kg, Nadusalai costs more than Rs 80 a kg, Bangapalli comes for Rs 70 a kg and Senthuram Rs 60 a kg.Those impatient to sink their teeth into a succulent Malgova, Mallika or Neelam mango have to wait for some time more, with harvesting expected to begin only in the first week of May. \"The availability is very low this season. Only three tonnes of mangoes are arriving at the Coimbatore market every day instead of the expected 15 tonnes. Most of the stocks are arriving from Palakkad, Muthalamadai, Pollachi and Anamalai. Delay in harvesting and poor yield are preventing varieties from Krishnagiri from occupying retail stalls in Coimbatore,'' says M Rajagopal, a mango merchant in the city.\"This season, the yield has been poor in the Krishnagiri-Dharmapuri belt. Frequent changes in climatic conditions have adversely affected the output. Premature dropping has been very high. These areas, once part of the extended Salem district, cultivate over 60 varieties of mango but are facing a slump this year. There has been a 30-40% decrease in yield among all varieties compared to the previous year,\" says Tamil Nadu Mango Farmers' Association spokesman B Jayagopi.Each year about 2.5 lakh tonnes of mangoes, mostly the pulpy Thothapuri, are harvested on farms spread over 50,000 hectares in Krishnagiri and Dharmapuri. \"Last season, Thothapuri helped farmers bail out as it was the favourite of companies manufacturing packaged mango juices. This year, the variety, too, has failed,'' says C Sithrasu, a farmer.\"The unseasonal weather has upset the cycle. The flowering normally happens in mid-December. However, unexpected rains and even cyclone Thane affected the production. The flowering was very minimal and that is affecting our economy,'' says N Venkatasamy, a farmer based in Hosur.According to market sources in Coimbatore, low availability is causing the increase in prices. Mango prices are at least three times higher this season, says A Faisal, a fruit merchant in Ukkadam market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12697403", "title": "Goa medical college's dying gardens need Intensive Care Unit treatment", "text": "PANAJI: Though the Goa medical college (GMC) complex at Bambolim produces 800 cu m of recyclable water per day, the landscaped gardens in its precincts are parched and need intensive care for resuscitation, sources said.The palm-tree lined road with green lawns and arrangements for seating near the GMC's main entrance appear as an oasis among the blocks of buildings within the complex. After the recent upgradation and inauguration of a new medicine block in the western wing of the GMC complex over a year back, the open spaces had been aesthetically landscaped.\"The lawns and the garden were being nicely maintained since the completion of the project,\" a source said. But neglect has crept in during the last couple of months and the vegetation is dying. \"The costly, exotic, palm trees wear a burnt, cadaverous, look as the garden has not been watered for several weeks,\" a source said.The other green patches which serve as the green lungs within the complex, near the faculty block and the old medicine block, also appear scorched. The garden near the Rajiv Gandhi statue is perhaps the only one being maintained, sources added.The decision of the GMC authorities to landscape the hospital's precincts indicates it knows its importance, Daniel D'Souza, a landscape designer, said. \"It has an aesthetic and psychological impact on patients in the hospital during their recovery from illness,\" he said.But citizens and sources at GMC said immediate efforts are needed to restore the arid patches. \"The issue was taken up at an internal GMC forum and authorities are seized of the matter,\" a source said. A private contractor had been maintaining the gardens till the agreement lapsed. Confirming it, GMC medical superintendent, Dr Rajan Kunkolienkar said, \"We will soon engage a new contractor to do the work in about 2,000 sq m area of our gardens.\" The availability of water for irrigation is not a problem. \"The fully functional sewage treatment plant produces 800 cu m of treated water, but we hardly use 100 cu m for our needs,\" Kunkolienkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12700692", "title": "Anupam Kher's movie in trouble", "text": "Anupam Kher starrer Bhatti On Chutti has landed in trouble with the Censor Board. According to reports, the director of the film, Karan Razdan has been asked to beep out the names of Dr Manmohan Singh and George Bush in the film.Mumbai Mirror has learnt that Razdan has approached the Revising Committee for a solution to the problem.When contacted, Razdan explained the scenes and said, \"Mr. Bhatti (played by Anupam Kher ) keeps calling the White House to speak to George Bush. He says, he has a plan for him to save the world. If I beep out the word George Bush, wouldn't the whole scene lose its context?\"Talking about the scene concerning Dr Manmohan Singh, Razdan added, \"I am perplexed. In the scene, Bhatti tells a Pakistani that Dr Manmohan Singh is the best Prime Minister in the world. It appears that they do not like anyone praising the Prime Minister. They have asked me to mute even the PM's name. What about movies like Phas Gaye Re Obama? Why was Obama's name not muted or deleted from the title? It is appalling because neither Bush nor Dr Manmohan Singh have been shown in negative light. Why target our film?\"When contacted, The Regional Officer of Censor Board, J P Singh said, \"Yes. The makers of Bhatti On Chutti have approached the Revising Committee. I cannot say anything else at this point of time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12697327", "title": "Return ground, probe Army officials: CM", "text": "SHIMLA: Himachal Pradesh chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal raised the controversy over Annandale ground at the CM's conference on internal security in Delhi on Monday. He demanded the land back from the Army and sought an inquiry against Army officials \"levelling false allegations against the state government and elected functionaries\".Dhumal said the lease of the ground had expired years ago. With the CM hardening his stance, the Army backed off calling its controversial statement a \"goof-up\". Two days ago, the Army suggested that the HP government was demanding the return of the Annandale land at the behest of land mafia.On Sunday, Dhumal threatened to file a defamation suit against the Army's Western Command if it did not apologize unconditionally for its statement that questioned the campaign seeking the handing over of the Annandale ground. He had called allegations of land grab \"baseless\".Brigadier R K Sharma of the Western Command attempted to strike a conciliatory note on Monday. Speaking to reporters in Shimla, he said, \"We want better relation with the HP government and Army has not issued any such statement. There is no intention of indulging into conflict, we do not own that statement (which was earlier issued by the Army).\"A defence spokesperson said the statement was \"erroneously issued\". An inquiry has been ordered to \"fix responsibility for the release of any material which was not part of the statement\", he said, adding, \"Some heads will roll for issuing a controversial statement.\"The Western Command though stuck to its claim on the Annadale ground \"because it is not only strategically important for the Army, but its open space offers an ideal location for conducting humanitarian operations in the event of a calamity for the benefit of the entire population of the region\".Brigadier Sharma was in Shimla to supervise a mock drill on disaster management organized by the Army, which was disrupted due to bad weather. During the Army's mock drill, protestors shouted slogans outside the premises demanding return of the Annandale ground to the state government.The ground has been with the Army since the World War II. The Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association (HPCA) wants possession of the ground to build a stadium. Led by Dhumal's son Anurag Thakur, the HPCA launched a campaign last year demanding the Army to vacate the Annadale ground.The Army though said the country's security cannot be ignored for \"games and gimmicks\". Annadale has been in the eye of storm ever since the lease to the Army expired in 1982. Sources said the Army commander will speak to Dhumal Monday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12701768", "title": "NMP to focus on increasing cargo volumes", "text": "MANGALORE: A move by the Tariff Authority for Major Ports (TAMP) to revise scale of rates for the New Mangalore Port Trust (NMPT) from April 1 will pose a major challenge to the port to keep its bottom-line buoyant. The port earns revenue from vessel charges, cargo handling charges, railways, estate rentals and royalty. TAMP in its order has reduced cargo handling charges by around 26% across the board, leaving other levies applicable unchanged. TAMP fixes scale of rates for a period of three-years after an exhaustive consultative process with all stakeholders. The revenue of the port has crossed Rs 300 crore in 2011-12 .It is for the fifth year in succession that the port has crossed this mark. P Tamilvanan, chairman, NMPT at the annual media briefing of the port's performance recently had pointed that the port's net surplus will cross Rs 100 crore for the seventh year in succession. NMPT as on date has 35 users.R Ramesh Karthikeyan, financial advisor and chief accounts officer said the move to reduce cargo handling charges will no doubt bring cheer to the port users. \"This will mean that the port will now have to focus on pushing up volumes in terms of traffic handled to generate additional revenues,\" Ramesh told The Times of India. The port in 2011-12 handled 32.94 million tonnes (MT) of cargo as against 31.55 MT in 2010-11, a growth of 4.42%.Tamilvanan said the reduction in cargo handling charges is unlikely to have a major impact on the finances of the port for it is aggressively into marketing to attract newer cargo while ensuring that volumes of existing cargo handled goes up. Areas where TAMP has reduced cargo handling charges include petroleum oil and lubricants, other chemicals, edible oil and other liquids, iron and steel materials, granite in any form, ores and metals, gas, timber and allied products, coal and coke in bulk, cement, gypsum, clinker, salt, onion among others. Ramesh said royalty from UPCL, better management of resources will help port boost revenues and offset losses in cargo handling charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12696623", "title": "Eminent scientist M S Swaminathan refuses to head panel on toxic veggies", "text": "NEW DELHI: Eminent scientist M S Swaminathan has conveyed his inability to chair a panel on checking pesticide residues in the capital.In a communique sent to the government, Swaminathan said he was tied down with work and he won't be able to become part of the panel. The government on Monday informed HC about the development after which HC asked it to finalize another expert for the panel.Earlier HC had suggested the government to rope in Swaminathan as an \"outside\" expert for a panel set up to check pesticide residues in vegetables and fruits. It had stressed the need for a non-government expert to be part of the committee and said the government may consider seeking expertise of Swaminathan or of someone of that stature.HC was hearing a matter it had taken cognizance of on the basis of media reports. The Centre had informed the court that it has formed an expert committee to periodically examine the fruits and vegetables - available in the open market - to check if they contain pesticide residues.On February 14, the agriculture ministry had convened a meeting of its senior officials with those of the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India and the Delhi government's health ministry on the issue, the Centre told the bench.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12697039", "title": "Cine artistes' union election on May 13", "text": "HYDERABAD: The woes of Tollywood artistes, who are being deprived of their legitimate wages by agents and middlemen, could end soon as the AP Film Industry Employees Federation, which is now overseeing the functioning of the A P Cine Artistes Union, has called for elections to the union. The elections to select a legitimate body to run the affairs of the union will be held on May 13.\"After the elections, priority would be to ensure that the artistes get their due,\" Kotagiri Venkateshwara Rao, president of the federation told TOI.Members of the A P Cine Artistes Union are those who may just have a fleeting role in the film, uttering one or two dialogues. They are different from the big artistes like heroes , heroines and character artistes who are part of the Movie Artistes Association (MAA).The MAA artistes have bigger and meaty roles and receive a remuneration as per the contract with producers. However, those of the A P Cine Artistes Union get a measly Rs 900 a day. The services of the cine artistes may be used anywhere in the film as the producer or director decides.All the unions of various crafts under the A P Film Industry Employees Federation are quite strong in extracting the right amount of wages from producers. What, however, has been happening is that middlemen and agents are taking away part of the wages and handing over only a percentage of it to the cine artistes.On Sunday, the A P Cine Artistes Union held its general body meeting and decided to hold elections on the second Sunday of May.However, of late, the union itself has been going through a turmoil as elections to the body have not been held for a long time. The matter also went to the court and the A P Film Industry Employees Federation is trying to set things in order and conduct elections.Squabbles between the functionaries of the two unions have reportedly put many issues of the cine artistes on the backburner for a long time. There are more than 900 members in the union who will elect their new body next month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12697794", "title": "175 SMEs line up as vendors for bio-med co", "text": "NASHIK: Around 175 small and medium enterprises (SMEs) registered themselves to become vendors for bio-medicals at a business conference organized by the Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) on Monday.Transasia Bio-Medicals Ltd, one of the major bio-medical companies in the country with a yearly turnover of Rs 500 crore, was present as the buyer, while around 300 SMEs participated in the meet as sellers. Of that, around 175 SMEs registered for vendorships of the company.To provide business opportunities to local entrepreneurs, NIMA has organized a two-day business conference (B2B meet), which began on Monday. tnnThe major bio-medical company Transasia Bio-Medicals Ltd has been invited for the B2B.Suresh Vazirani, CMD, Transasia Bio-Medicals, in his speech, informed about the company and its objectives behind organising the B2B for local SMEs. He also informed the local entrepreneurs about company's expectations from local SMEs.The components of the companies were also put on display for local entrepreneurs. A delegation of the company officials informed entrepreneurs about the company products and held one-to-one interactions with most of them. A delegation on Tuesday will visit to the manufacturing plants of the SMEs in Nashik and will also hold one-to-one business meet with them.Present on the occasion were NIMA President Dhananjay Bele, Hon'ble Secretary Manish Kothari, Vice-president K L Rathi, chairman of NIMA Export Committee Nikhil Panchal, CMD of Transasia Bio-Medicals Suresh Vazirani, Vice-chairman Arvind Khebudkar, Dy. GM Pramod Dalvi.\"Our aim behind organising the B2B was to provide business opportunities to the local SMEs. NIMA has always taken initiatives to provide business to the local entrepreneurs. Earlier, NIMA, at a B2B, had invited Traction Motor Works, ABB, Mahindra &amp; Mahindra, Mahindra Sona, Crompton Greaves Ltd, Samsonite, HAL and L&amp;T.; Several local SMEs have received orders in the past through such buyer and sellers meets,\" said NIMA President Dhananjay Bele.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12697163", "title": "Decongestion forgotten, Municipal corporation gets on to walkways", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The municipal corporation has started work with a view to make Sector 17 pedesterian-friendly. The engineering wing earmarked three parking lots of the plaza where parking lots are being connected with raised 10-feet wide pedestrian paths for shoppers to walk across the plaza, by crossing the parking lots.Sources revealed that the development has come following the constant pressure from Punjab and Haryana high court, which had directed the MC that a part of Sector 17 be declared a no-parking zone. The MC has decided to have these pedestrian paths so that people don't have to walk long distances.MPS Chawla, former municipal councillor and paid parking in-charge of MC termed the development an eyewash. \"This exercise will not be useful in any way. The idea was to decongest the area of vehicles, so the authority should think of something on these lines to minimize the number of vehicles entering the sector. Besides, public opinion should have been sought on this before acting on it.\"Municipal chief engineer S S Bidda said, \"There is a long distance between one portion of the shopping complex to the other due to the parking lots and therefore we are constructing proper pedestrian paths in the lots so that pedestrians can cross the lots smoothly and also so that they don't have to walk for long.\"With this development now commuters won't have to take the long route to go from one side to the other for shopping in Sector 17. However the number of vehicles coming to the commercial hub of the city will remain the same.The ten feet wide pedestrian paths will be constructed in the parking lots.All these pedestrian paths are being linked from those lots where heavy rush is there throughout the day and people hardly go through these parking lots to the shops across.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "12697872", "title": "Inquiry against Police Inspector for refusing FIR", "text": "WARDHA: Wardha district court judge AM Shah has ordered an FIR to be registered FIR and an inquiry to be set up against the police inspector of Wardha city Vijay Kuhikar. According to information, a studio owner in Shashti Chowk Sunil Dube had gone to Kuhikar to file a complaint against his uncle Surajpal Dube who had forcefully taken possession of his studio on March 4, this year. Kuhikar had refused to file an FIR. Sunil then moved to the court and Justice Shah gave the order that the report of the inquiry should be submitted in a month. The court also gave possession of the studio back to Sunil. However, Kuhikar said that he had not received any such order.Two held for stealing med worth 75 LakhThe local crime branch arrested two thieves from Madhya Pradesh who had looted a truck loaded of medicines, worth Rs75 lakh on February 15 from Karanja Ghat on Nagpur highway. The truck was heading to Nagpur from Bhiwandi (Thane). The gang pursued the truck from more than 500km and stole the medicines at a deserted place. They reloaded the medicines in another truck and fled to Ujjain. PI PP Kolwadakar said, \"The truck was stored in a godown in Ganjbasoda. With the help of MP police, we nabbed the culprits after a tip off about the godown.\" The police suspect Vijay Jain, a businessman, of the crime, but he could not be arrested. Helpers Ate Singh and Kamal were held.Five held for murderAkola: Five people have been arrested, while the remaining two are absconding in the murder case of Balasaheb Ingle (42), husband of Kavita Ingle of Jahagirpur village (Tembhi) on Sunday. On April 9, Balasaheb was stabbed with a sharp weapon while asleep. He was taken to a hospital at Jalgaon, Khandesh where he succumbed to the injuries the following day. Based on Kavita's complaint police registered a case against seven people.Girl student robbed of cell phoneAkola: Two students were looted in separate incidents. In the first incident, Sanchyani Rajesh Mishra was returning from a private tuition class on her two-wheeler on April 13. She was intercepted near Suyog Mangal Karyalay and robbed of her mobile worth Rs 2,500. Bharat Darade resident of Borgaon and Sandeep Jadhav of Moha village has been stated to be the accused . Less than 48 hours, another student was also looted. Police are on the look out for the accused.Meat seized, nine heldAkola: In all nine persons were arrested and two trucks containing 20 tonnes of meat were seized at Lonar in neighbouring Buldhana district on Sunday, the police said. The meat was being transported to Aurangabad for further process, the police said. Police took action after being alerted by Vikas Joshi, city chief of Shiv Sena of Mehnani Tehsil town. The trucks began journey from Nagpur on the previous night with the meat covered with ice so that its does not get damaged. However, the ice got melted in heat and the meat was exposed. This is the second incident within 15 days when four truckloads of meat were seized by the police.Man killed as river crag collapsesAkola: Kisan Baliram Aagarkar, 53, resident of village Akoli Ruprao has been killed instantly after a crag (pile of stones) on river Vidrupa collapsed on him on Sunday evening. He had gone to the river with his bullock cart to bring clay. Police registered an accidental death.Two killed in mishapAkola: Two persons were killed and another injured when their motorbike met with a head-on collision with a vehicle near Judwa Hanuman temple on Murtizapur road on Sunday. The deceased have been identified as Ajay Makeshwar, 21 and Milind Khade, 22 and the injured person as Dinesh Warghat, who is undergoing treatment at Akola General Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12697366", "title": "Self-assessment on house tax soon?", "text": "GURGAON: The director of the Urban Local Bodies department has written a letter to all the municipal heads in the state proposing a new formula for collecting house tax. A meeting in this regard will be held in Chandigarh on Tuesday.\"The existing house tax formula is a bit complicated. The proposed formula is simpler, enabling the residents and commercial building owners to calculate and pay the tax themselves. The property tax collection has been very dismal over the past three years ever since the corporation came into existence and we hope the new formula, that will come up in the meeting, would help in collecting more revenue this financial year,\" said an official.The new formula also offers extended rebate to windows and self occupied houses. Out of the target of Rs 300 crore in the form of property tax, the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) was able to collect only around Rs 50 crore in the past financial year.In yet another development, the MCG on Monday started 'queue management system' at its Citizen Facilitation Centre ( CFC). \"Everyday around 1,000 people visit this centre for various purposes and we have been getting a lot of complaints about disorder and chaos at the centre. However, now that we have introduced this system, we expect the disorder to end since from now on it will be on first-come-first-serve basis. Everyone will have to first take a token and wait for his turn. This way, overcrowding at the window can be avoided,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12700251", "title": "Tourism could be panacea to Macchalli\u2019s problems", "text": "HUBLI: Macchalli village, 22 km from Karwar, is loaded with tourism potential. But poor infrastructure and indifference by the authorities has kept this village out of reach of tourists.The village falls under Amadalli gram panchayat area and lies amidst thick forest. About 14 families of Padthi and Halakki Okkaliga communities are residing in this village. It is about 1,500 feet above sea level. One has to transverse through the boulders and tough terrain to reach this village. Villagers are mainly into agriculture.They grow paddy, groundnut, sugarcane and vegetables. \"The stream in the village is a boon for us,'' says Ganapati, a villager. The main complaint of the villagers is that they are a neglected lot. \"During monsoon life is hell,'' says Usha, a housewife. \"The stream overflows during the monsoon and students have to climb down the hill to reach Amadalli School.\" After repeated requests, a lower primary school was opened in the village, reveals Usha.The last time a local leader visited their village was during elections. \" After that we have never hear from any of them, \" said a villagers who did not want to be identified.Zilla panchayat officials say that they have taken up the construction of a kuccha road in the village under MGNREGA scheme. \"Once it is completed the problem of the villagers should ease,\" an official said indicating that as the population in the village is less, the ZP is reluctant to spend money because public representatives want the money to be diverted to densely- populated villages. The area is a trekker's paradise. Villagers are keen that the government tap its tourism potential.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12698012", "title": "Rathore pleads innocence in court in Dara encounter case", "text": "JAIPUR: BJP's chief whip in the assembly, Rajendra Singh Rathore was produced in a court here amid heavy security on Monday for hearing with regard to taking cognizance of the supplementary chargesheet in the Dara Singh encounter case.A battery of lawyers including the one representing Rathore in the Supreme Court put up arguments for almost four hours claiming that the CBI chargesheet doesn't have any fresh evidence in the case and requested the court not to take cognizance. On the other hand, the CBI lawyer said that the agency has clinching evidence against the accused.After hearing arguments from both the sides, the special CBI court reserved its verdict till April 24. If the court takes cognizance on April 24, trial against him will begin in the district court. Rathore is at present lodged at Jaipur Central Jail on charges of conspiring to kill Dara Singh, who was gunned down by a team of Rajasthan police's Special Operations Group in October 2006.Rathore himself put up his innocence in the court for almost half an hour. He told the court -- jam-packed with lawyers and his supporters - that he was being falsely framed in the case to spoil his political career.\"I have been framed. I have no connection with liquor mafia Virendra Nyangali who the CBI says had my patronage. During BJP government, police filed chargesheets against Nyangali in several cases which would not have been possible if I had intervened as I was PWD and parliamentary affairs minister at that time,\" said Rathore.Rathore also said that calls between him and suspended ADG AK Jain have been misrepresented by the CBI. \"I had spoken with ADG Jain during India-England ODI for law and order arrangements as senior leader Sharad Panwar had also come at that time,\" claimed Rathore. He also said that his name is nowhere in the FIR lodged after the encounter and in the writ petition and special leave petition filed by Dara's family members.Rathore's lawyers including AK Jain, Hemant Nahata, Kailash Nath Bhatt and Sultan Singh argued that in its observation, the CBI's supplementary chargesheet filed against Rathore did not have any fresh evidence, so cognizance should not be taken and their client should be released. Rathore's lawyers also made arguments on the basis of many CrPC Sections including 319, 170, 172 and 173.However, CBI's special public prosecutor Sarfaraz Haider Khan argued that fresh prosecution witnesses have been included in the supplementary chargesheet and some of them have recorded their statement under Section 164 of CrPC.\"An investigative agency is authorized to keep investigation pending against an accused under Section 173 of CrPC,\" Khan said.When Rathore came out of the court and was being taken to the Jaipur Central Jail, his supportes shouted slogans like 'Raju Bhaiya aap sangharsh karo, hum tumhare saath hain (You keep fighting, we are with you)'.Court summons jail officialsJaipur: The special CBI court summoned Jaipur Central Jail officials for alleged non-compliance of an order in regard to proving facilities to former BJP minister Rajendra Singh Rathore in his cell. As per Rathore's counsels, the court has directed the jail authorities to provide Rathore with facilities like bedding through his son Parakram Singh Rathore and personal assistant Jogendra.Rathore's lawyer AK Jain said that Jaipur Central Jail's deputy superintendent Pramod Sharma was present in the court on Monday.\"The court has summoned the jail officials on Tuesday also. We had moved an application saying that despite court orders, Rathore is not being provided all the facilities,\" said Jain.Rathore had been allowed by a court during the previous hearing to buy foam mattresses, pillow, blankets, mosquito coils and, a cooler if it is recommended by a doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12702055", "title": "DAVV employees\u2019 stir badly affects academic activities", "text": "INDORE: The strike by regular and daily wage employees at Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhyalaya (DAVV) has severely hit its academic and administrative activities on Monday. It is for the sixth time in past few months that employees went on a strike to press for their demand of regularization, providing time scale benefits. The strike has affected the academic work and preparations for the forthcoming examinations, said varsity officials. A large number of students, who came to the university from far-off places to get their problems solved, were left in a dilemma due to the strike. Nearly 700 employees including regular and daily wagers took part in the strike.Meanwhile, a delegation of employees met higher education commissioner in the state capital raising their issues. At a meeting with the higher authorities, a consensus reached at over the problems of the employees. However the striking employees refused to budge as they demanded a written confirmation from the higher education department. \"Decisions have come in favour of the employees but we will continue to protest till we get anything in writing. Officers have expressed their willingness towards regularization of the employees, pension scheme, timescale benefit, payment of gratuity and earned leaves on the basis of the Sixth Pay Commission and filling vacant posts in the varsity,\" Rakesh Yadav, a leader of the employees association, said.DAVV sources said that the officials in the varsity too were looking for an early end to impasse as this would upset the entire schedule of the varsity. Higher education department has asked the varsity to abide by the semester system and declare results on time.\"The strike should end as early as possible as it will affect routine work in the varsity. Strike will create problems in conducting exams on time and will timely declaration of results will not be possible,\" said a varsity officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12696383", "title": "Give footage to \u2018killer\u2019 mom\u2019s defence: Court", "text": "A sessions court on Monday directed the prosecution in the case involving Deepika Parmar, arrested for allegedly throwing her one-and-a-half-month-old girl out of a window at KEM Hospital, to give a copy of the video footage of the incident to the defence. The court had earlier framed charges against Parmar under sections 302, and 317 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12697423", "title": "Gujarat Technological University MBA students demand exam dates to be rescheduled", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Students of MBA and National Students Union of India (NSUI) leaders held a protest meet in the Gujarat Technological University (GTU) campus demanding that the dates of the remedial exam of first semester and university exam of second semester should be changed. The students said that since the dates clashed, the MBA students who had failed in the semester will have to appear for two exams in a day which will be stressful and will affect their performance in the exams.A large number of students had gathered in the GTU campus and raised slogan even as police officials were called at the site to keep the students in check. The GTU feared that some leaders and students of other faculties may indulge in violence and cause unrest in the GTU office.The first semester remedial exams and second semester university exams have been scheduled between May 28 and June 6, 2012. Students said that while the university paper has been scheduled between 10.30 am to 1.30 pm while the remedial exam is scheduled between 2.30 pm to 5.30 pm.\"It would be extremely difficult for us to prepare for and write two different exams on the same day. This will affect our performance and increase the likelihood of many us again failing the exams\", said a student.\"I had problems preparing for even one paper last year and failed to clear the first semester MBA exams. I am extremely jittery as I will not be able to attempt and clear two exams on the same day. The GTU needs to be a little compassionate towards us\", said another student.The GTU officials said that while it would be impossible to change the dates of the final university exam, they can think of changing the dates of remedial exam to take off certain pressure from the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12700349", "title": "After Akshay, Prabhu Deva to work with Salman", "text": "Prabhu Deva who has made a surprise guest appearance in a dance item with Akshay Kumar in Rowdy Rathore, would be soon doing another film with Salman Khan .The two worked together in Wanted. At the IPL inauguration earlier this week in Chennai Salman met Prabhu Deva with much warmth and discussed a film they'd be doing.When asked about his dancing cameo in Rowdy Rathore Prabhu shies away from a direct admission. \"Let my appearance be a surprise. If I reveal everything now who would want to see my film?\"We can also play a spoilsport by revealing that Prabhu Deva has choreographed a sizzling-hot item song in Rowdy Rathore featuring Mumaith Khan who danced her way in fame with the Seekh le number in Munnabhai MMBS, and Mariam Zakaria who accompanied Kareena Kapoor in her disco-Mujra in Agent Vinod. There's also a third item girl named Sakhti in the item song.Quite a houseful of item girls.Laughs Prabhu Deva, \"Choreography remains a passion. But as a dancer I find younger and younger and better dancers are coming in. At 39 I find I am getting too old to be as agile on my feet as I used to be.\"Earlier this week Prabhu was in Chennai for the IPL and he met up with his old friend Salman Khan. When Salman heard Prabhu was there he invited him backstage .Says Prabhu, \"He met me and my children with such warmth. We're definitely working together again. But it has to be a project that takes us both beyond Wanted. No point in just coming together for the sake of the boxoffice.\"At the moment Prabhu is putting finishing touches to Rowdy Rathore. \"It's a remake of a South film. And it's exactly the kind of entertainment that audiences would expect from me and Akshay Kumar. When you have so much at stake you can't afford to be experimental.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12697815", "title": "Entrepreneurship bug bites city youngsters hard", "text": "NAGPUR: Most college students aspire to pocket a big salary at the end of the first month on their 'dream' job. However, lately some students, especially from engineering colleges, have been bitten by the entrepreneurship bug.The phenomenon is not just restricted to bigger cities and institutions like the IITs and IIMs. Most colleges today have a separate entrepreneurship cell or another department that encourages students to be the masters of their own destiny.Several youngsters from the city have dared to tread this path, despite the obvious disadvantage of inexperience and huge risk, only to follow their passions. Throughout the journey they had to face several difficulties, yet the enthusiasm of reaching their goal never let them sleep till they had actually attained their goal.Ashwin Balivada is touted to be the youngest CEO in India. All of 21, Ashwin floated his company at the peak of recession, when companies shied away from hiring. \"All one has to lose by investing time, energy and all of one's resources into an idea one is passionate about are a few years of partying or romancing. In contrast, there is too much to gain,\" said the young man.Kaustubh Katdare has a similar story to tell. \"From the very beginning, I knew I wanted to be something on my own. Though I had no idea of what it would be and when I would start,\" he said.The man, who was derided when he launched a networking site for engineers, is regarded with huge respect since the site's success.Recounting the difficulties faced by him as a young businessman, he told young students that the initial journey is full of big road blocks. \"At times, you work all day long without taking holidays for long periods of time. Instead of issuing orders, you have to take decisions and execute them on your own,\" he tells.It's not just the collegians who are adventurous and float new companies in fields they have little knowledge about. For Faiz Ahmed it was more about being closer to his family. Having been away for long a time, and having seen half the world, Faiz yearned to return to his hometown, Nagpur.Once he did come back, he put his rich and varied experiences to good use, floating a business consultancy firm along with some friends.For Sundeep Badana it was as simple as serving his ilk. \"Having been a student, I saw the flaws and drawbacks of our system. Though everybody kept talking about it, solutions were hard to come by. Therefore, my partners and I came up with the solution in terms of our education consultancy firm, which works in tandem with colleges,\" says the young gun.\"The most important thing when you start a venture after having worked for some time is to break out of the salary trap and mindset, and the lifestyle it brings along. Plus, one has too many mind blocks and boxes to deal with if one starts out late in life. Contrarily, those who start at a younger age always get the benefit of doubt, even if they make some mistakes,\" said Faiz.Businessman Nitin Sudame said, \"Even the losing experiences as a young entrepreneur are much more enriching than attending the best business schools.\"RB Govardhan, vice principal, St Vincent Pallotti College of Engineering &amp; Technology, also said that he has seen this trend in the past decade or so.\"Over the last decade or so, success stories of first-time entrepreneurs have seen an exponential increase. This may be because the youngsters today are much more informed. Their perception is much better than that of our generation. What is really impressive is their level of commitment,\" said the teacher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12696220", "title": "Power shutdown in various parts of Chennai on Tuesday", "text": "CHENNAI: Power supply will be suspended in the following areas on Wednesday between 9am and 5pm.Choolai: Part of Sydenhams Rd, Deppo st, P T Mudhali st, Sami Pillai st, A.P. Rd, Hunters Lane, General Collins Rd, Madex st, V V koil st, Kuravan kulam, Subbaha Naidu st, Outdoor &amp; Indoor Stadium, Apparao garden, Periya Thambi st, Andiyappan st, Anandha Krishnan st, P.K.Mudhali st, Choolai area.Tondiarpet : Tondiarpet, Nedunchezhian ngr, Rajiv Gandhi Ngr, Raja Sekaran Ngr, Vinoba Ngr, Annai Sandhiya Ngr, Nethaji Ngr, Patel Ngr, C.I.S.F.Quarters, Parameshwaran Ngr, Basin rd, S.P.Ngr, Sivaji Ngr, Sasthiri Ngr, Ennore high rd, NehruNgr, Korukkupet, K.H.Rd, J.J.Ngr, CoreshNgr, Manali salai, Ezil Ngr VOC Ngr, Part of R.K.Ngr, T.H. Rd, G.A. Rd, Solaiappan st, Sanjeevirayan koil st. Kappal Polu st, Thandavaraya Mudali st, Balu Mudali st, V.P.koil st, Ramanuja Iyer st, R.K. Ngr, Tondiarpet, Old Washermenpet, Avathar Ramasamy st, Subburayalu st, Kothandaraman st, Sri Rangammal st.Thirumullaivoyal: Lakshmipuram, Konmedu, EaswaranNgr, Ellammanpettai, GandhiNgr, T.H. Rd, Pothur, Arikkambedu, Vellanoor, Kllumedu, Sidco-Thirumullaivoyal Womens Industrial Estate, Kannadapalayam, Edapalayam T.H. Rd, Redhills.Red Hills: Part of Redhills GNT rd, Naravarikuppam, Padianallur, Sothupakkam, Alinjivakkam, Vilangadupakkam, Kossapur, Sendrambakkam, Theeyampakkam, Sirungavur, Theerthakaraiyan pattu, Palavoyal. Panjetty: Panjetty, Alinjivakkam, Thotchoor, Irulipattu, Peravellore, Ponneri, Keelmeni.Chintadripet: The Hindu, Mount rd, Telephone Exchange, East cooum river rd, Lafond st, Singanna chetty st, Venkatesa gramani st, West Cooum Rd, Padavattamman koil st, Bazaar st, Lazer church st, Egmore court, entire Pudupet area, Haris Rd, Eye hospital, veerabathran st, Velayudha chetty st, Navalur ngr, 11 KV Railway HT, Simpson HT Annasalai, Athipattan st, Gymkhana HT , Garrison Engineer HT , Pallavan salai, PATC HT, Sm Ngr, Pallavan ngr, Gandhi ngr, Annasalai, Narasingapuram, LG Rd, ,Arunchala naicken st, Kalavaichetty st, Nyniappan st, Agraharam st, ulagappa maistry st, samy pandaram st, dharmaraja st, Washerman st, Sunguvar Agraharam st, Singanna Chetty stm, Rajagopal st, old Bungalow st, New Bunglow st, Ennore Area: Ennore, Kathivakkam, Eranavoor, EHT Consumers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12698005", "title": "Private universities are run like shops: Khachariawas", "text": "JAIPUR: Legislators from the treasury benches joined the Opposition in attacking the private universities' managements for allegedly using educational institutions into means for making a fast buck, on Monday.During the debate on passing the National Law University, Jodhpur (Amendment) Bill 2012 private and the Rajasthan Private Universities' Laws (Amendment) Bill 2012, the ruling party and the Opposition legislators alike suggested that the private universities were established and run by a nexus of businessmen and bureaucrats.\"These are not universities, these are shops. They fleece the students and their parents to make quick money. Their owners enjoy scotch with the bureaucrats in the evenings and this shows a lot about the nexus that exists behind these universities,\" said Congress legislator Pratap Singh Khachariawas.Deputy leader of Opposition Ghanshyam Tiwari , senior BJP legislator Gulab Chand Kataria , BJP legislator Anita Bhadel and CPM legislator Pema Ram were among those who demanded that the state government needed to have an effective check on the private universities being allowed in Rajasthan.Considering the legislators' nearly unanimous concern over the issue, chairman Surendra Singh Jadawat directed the higher education minister Dayaram Parmar to take corrective measures.Parmar, in turn, told the House that the state government was considering setting up of an 'education governing council' to control and monitor the private colleges and universities. The minister said that private universities in the state were being set up in adherence with the University Grants Commission's (UGC) guidelines. \"As per the UGC guidelines, 75 private universities can be allowed in Rajasthan. So far 51 such universities have been opened here,\" Parmar said.BJP legislator from Ajmer South, Bhadel highlighted that students seeking admissions in the private colleges and universities' were being cheated by the managements. \"The private university owners also open a college with affiliation from the government's Rajasthan Technical University. Students seek admission in the college with affiliation from the government university, but the managements admit them with their colleges under them private university,\" said the BJP legislator. Bhadel also wondered why hardly any private universities were coming up in the agriculture sector even though majority of the state population was engaged in agricultural activities.Starting the debate on the bill concerning amendment of National Law University, BJP legislator from Udaipur, Kataria pointed out how 30% of the high court judges' posts in the state have always remained vacant. \"We have 40 posts of high court judges, but at no point of time more than 28-29 posts have been filled. How can justice be delivered under such circumstances?\" asked Kataria. BJP legislator from Shahpura (Jaipur), Rao Rajendra Singh spoke about the judiciary's 'unrestrained' remarks on the legislature. Deputy leader of Opposition Tiwari suggested that a separate fund should be allocated in the state budget for the National Law University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12696983", "title": "High Court asks CBI to explain obsession with Vijay Sai", "text": "HYDERABAD: Echoing the views of the trial court in the matter, justice KC Bhanu of the high court on Monday gave CBI time till Wednesday to explain its failure to arrest the other accused in the Jaganmohan Reddy illegal assets case even as it appeared to be focusing exclusively on auditor Vijay Sai Reddy .\"In your first chargesheet as well, you named thirteen persons as accused but arrested only Vijay Sai,\" the judge said.The judge was dealing with a lunch motion petition filed by CBI urging the court to cancel the bail granted to Vijay Sai by the trial court.When the CBI counsel said that the probe agency was apprehensive that the auditor may influence the investigation, the judge demanded that the court be provided evidence justifying such misgivings.The court also issued a notice to Vijay Sai to present his version and posted the matter to Wednesday.In a separate development, justice R Subhash Reddy of the high court on Monday admitted a petition filed by G Vijaya Raghava, MGF employee and an accused in the Emaar scam case.The petitioner's counsel, Dil Jit Singh Ahluwalia, told the court that CBI was depriving his client of his rightful claim to bail in the name of continuing investigation, which was illegal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12700414", "title": "Broken railings on flyovers invite accidents", "text": "KANPUR: Frequent traffic jams, dilapidated condition of roads, tempo and bus menace and erratic power supply are some of the problems being faced by the people almost daily. To add to the woes, are the damaged and completely broken railings at the rail over bridges (ROBs) and flyovers, through which thousands of people commute everyday.Imagine a vehicle passing through an ROB which has damaged or broken railings. The result could be a fatal accident. Such ROBs and flyovers can easily be seen in the city.The most damaged ROBs are Jhakarkati and Murray Company ones, where the broken railings are inviting trouble for the people. The damaged portion of the ROBs can cause accidents anytime, particularly during nights.At Jhakarkati ROB, the railings are missing from a number of places. The commuters passing through the ROB are at a risk. The state roadways buses, heavy vehicles, cars and two-wheelers pass through this ROB. If at any point of time, a vehicle goes close to one side of the ROB where railings are damaged, it can fall down, causing serious injuries to the driver. Such mishaps have taken several times at this ROB but no remedial steps have been taken by the authorities concerned. Every time a mishap takes place, the injured are rushed to the hospital or if a death takes place, it is mourned but the damaged portion of the ROB is not repaired. The question here is why such a lackadasicial attitude is adopted by the authorities responsible for doing the needful, especially when the Jhakarkati ROB is close to Inter-State bus-station.A few months ago, a truck had fallen down from the Jhakarkati ROB. The truck had turned into debris and those seated inside had received serious injuries. A similar incident had taken place at Tat Mill flyover, where a car had fallen down. Luckily, no one was hurt in the mishap.Another car had skidded off the road and fallen from the Murray Company ROB. The car driver and a couple of persons present underneath the ROB suffered injuries. A rickshaw puller had sustained multiple injuries in the accident. The car had fallen on the rickshaw.One more accident took place at Murray Company ROB a few months ago. A luxury vehicle belonging to a doctor fell down the railing. The vehicle luckily did not fall on the ground but the breath taking scene was that it remained hung in the air. Nobody was injured in the accident.The situation at the Govindpuri bridge is also not much different. It has also several patches where the railings of damaged and needs immediate attention.It means that one has to drive with caution and avoid driving close to the damaged railing to avert accident from taking place. It remained common in all these accidents that the damaged, broken and mangled railings of the ROBs were never repaired, nor the new railing installed. At present, the Jhakarkati and Murray Company ROBs have many openings, inviting accidents to take place. The worst is the condition of the Jhakarkati ROB, which has over half-a-dozen dangerous openings.The authorities have just placed either bamboo sticks or tied nylon ropes. But a bigger question is that whether the bamboo sticks and nylon ropes enough to prevent a vehicle from falling down from an ROB, especially when the iron railings collapse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12701796", "title": "Indore cannot measure its pollution level accurately", "text": "INDORE: Are the Indoreans getting to know the exact pollution level of their city?If MP Pollution Control Board officials are to be believed the answer is negative. The pollution monitoring stations and equipment have failed to keep pace with increasing population and number of vehicles.There are only three pollution measuring centres located at Kothari Market, Vijay Nagar and Polo Ground which effectively cover only a some portion of the city, thus leaving a major portion of the city uncovered. Despite having won the dubious distinction of being the 16th most polluted city in the country by Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB), there has been no efforts to increase pollution measuring centres. Even the proposal to start two new centres at Mhow Naka and Bhawarkunwa has been put behind the burner for last one year by the union government.Chief chemist of MP Pollution Control Board (MPPCB) Aparna Bapat said, \"We had sent a proposal for two new pollution monitoring centres in the city but they are yet to get centre's nod.\" She admitted that a city like Indore must have at least seven pollution monitoring centres to get a real picture of pollution, but MPPCB has only three centres in the city. This certainly affects the data collection work.MPPCB official said that in the absence of adequate centres they collect samples from different parts of the city and take out an average to compile data for city, which is again sent to CPCB. \"Many a time, chances are that the sampling method may not be perfect owing to lack of accurate data,\" said MPPCB the official adding that the correct data is very important to frame the policy. Most works right from construction to setting up industry needs environment clearance which is given on the basis of environmental status of the particular areas.But here we don't have correct pollution picture of the city. Setting a pollution measuring centre costs about Rs 25 lakh. Fund for it comes from Union Government. Despite delay, the MPPCB is hopeful that it might get funds for measuring centres this year. Official further said even the existing centres are using 20 years technology which need immediate upgradation. Previous centre was set up in 1989-90, and since then no new centre has come up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12699585", "title": "Parents observe Black Day against fee hike", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Abhiwawak Ekta Samiti on Monday observed a Black Day against the fee hike in English medium schools. The protest marked the end of 24-hour stir by the Samiti. The Samiti members, however, said their protest against the fee hike will continue.State president of Samiti, Vijay Kumar Gupta said education has become a tool in the hands of education mafia who are using it to mint money and the government has failed to stop the practice. He added that it is because of fee hike that parents have been compelled to come out on the streets to oppose it.Anandji Tandon said Samiti will write to the Prime Minister and the chief minister requesting them for formation of convent educational board comprising school authorities, parents and district officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12698274", "title": "Sub-registrars turn clerks", "text": "BANGALORE: In some sub-registrar's offices in Bangalore, bosses turned clerks on Monday. Citizens who came to register their properties were shocked to see sub-registrars themselves typing out property registration documents.All because around 675 computer operators are on an indefinite strike against the stamps and registration department at Freedom Park from Monday demanding minimum wages and regularisation of services.\"There are about four persons in this office and one is on leave. We did upload some files ourselves,\" said Chandrakanti of Tavarekere sub-registrar office. She also told TOI how they worked during the lunch break so that two persons were on duty all the time. In CV Ramananagar, the situation was similar. Many persons came to get their work done but had to wait for more than an hour to get their files cleared and documents uploaded and verified by sub-registrars.About 700 operators across the state are on strike, though joined work after lunch.The city has 46 sub-registrar's offices and about 180 computer operators are employed here. They upload all the documents, each file contains of about 10-12 pages within 10 minutes. \"We work from 9.30am till 8pm, sometimes even on holidays when sub-registrars are off. I've been working for the past 10 years and get meagrely paid and there is always the fear of sudden termination,\" said Soumya CN, an operator from Mysore. She is employed by Electronics Corporation of India Limited (ECIL), a government organization whose staff are on duty with stamps and registration offices.Operators in Bangalore have more work than others. \"There are four to seven computer operators in each office, depending on the area. Despite our efficient service, the government does not pay us enough. In 2009, we got a hike of Rs 500,\" said Govindraju AH, operator in Dasanapura sub-registrar office and leader of Bangalore's Computer Operators in Stamps And Registration Department.\"Some senior officials in the department have met agitators and they have an open mind in terms of wage revision as per weightage of service. Unfortunately there is a ban on recruitment in the department and we have SC's orders on that. We're prevailing upon our service providers, who are direct employers of these operators, and we have asked them to adhere to minimum wages act and call for pay revision,\" V Chandrashekar, inspector general, Registration and Commissioner of Stamps told TOI on Monday.He acknowledged the inconvenience caused to the public and made it clear that it is not the department which terminates the services of operators.Operators' demands* Pay as per minimum wages act of the labour laws, a minimum of Rs12,000* Govt, not individual employers like Computer Maintenance Service and Electronic Corporation of India Ltd, should pay salaries* Regularize services of operators who have worked in the department for more than nine years* Discard all illegal terminations", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12697257", "title": "Lions, cheetahs to share forest land in MP? SC will decide", "text": "NEW DELHI: Should India implant the Namibian cheetah in Madhya Pradesh or the 'Gujarati' lion? The decision is now to be made by the Supreme Court with wildlife experts and government agencies unable to come to a decision.The case for taking some lions from Gujarat - home to the last remaining wild population of the grassland big cat -- to Palpur-Kuno in Madhya Pradesh has been hanging fire in the apex court for seven years now. The issue has got muddled further with the Union government deciding to import the cheetah from Namibia and attempt to make the same forest patch a home to the animal that went extinct in India in 1947. Not to forget the tiger already resides in the same forests.The court's final order could also push the line on how far the judiciary and the Centre can intervene in matters of wildlife conservation with the subject being in the concurrent list of the Constitution.To compound the matter further, Gujarat has made the lion a matter of pride and does not want to part with even a few animals from the Gir wildlife sanctuary. Gujarat has argued that the lions are doing just fine in Gir, in fact growing in numbers, and Madhya Pradesh has a bad track-record with tigers. It also pointed out that the Union government has decided to introduce the cheetah after importing it from Namibia and this should be done before the lions are taken, if at all.The MP government has pitched its hat in the ring for both the animals. It claimed the forest patch in MP has a better prey base for the lion which is cramped in the relatively small Gir wildlife sanctuary and it has prepared the grounds for long - including relocating people years ago.The original move to translocate lions from Gir was begun by the Union environment ministry with worries that the single population could be wiped clean in case an infectious disease spread through the region and a small group should be reared separately in Madhya PradeshBut now there are wildlife activists advocating for the cheetah as well. The Union environment ministry gave a nod to this wild cat a year back even though there was opposition internally to bringing another carnivore back into India, with its attendant large international funding and high profile and intensive requirements, when its already difficult to manage the existing tiger population.The internal apprehensions were over-ridden by the then environment minister who supported the wildlife groups promoting the cheetah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12697449", "title": "'Delimitation fraud' angers village representatives", "text": "PANAJI: Alleging a 'delimitation fraud' in the delimitation of wards for the forthcoming panchayat elections, representatives of Villages of Goa have demanded that the government identify those responsible for the anomalies.Representatives from the villages of Pilerne, St Estevam, St Cruz, Velim, Siridao, Canacona, Paroda were present.Addressing mediapersons, Fr Bismarque Dias, an environmental activist from St Estevam village said \"the delimitation of wards has created a confusion in the minds of the voters.\" He warned that the delimitation was done in a manner that would see \"the same people elected again,\" and this would lead to the further destruction of Goan villages.Prakash Bandodkar, president of the Pilerne Citizens Forum said \"voters have been taken from one ward and put into another ward altogether\". \"In our village, people have been shifted from ward 2 to ward 9, from ward 9 to ward 1,\" Bandodkar said while questioning the motives behind this. \"Who has done this?\" he questioned.He felt those who were saying they will root out corruption, have in two months of coming to power managed the 'delimitation manipulations'.Peter Pires, from St Cruz felt the delimitation changes have been done to \"trouble us\". Why have people from neighbouring houses been put in completely distant wards, he wondered. Dias said \"this is not corruption, it is destruction.\"He said the St Estevam panchayat had passed a resolution declaring that the village didn't want elections held till the 'delimitation manipulations' were rectified. Bandodkar termed the release of the electoral roll on the day of issuing the notification as \"fixing (of the election)\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12697624", "title": "Mentally challenged girl abducted, raped", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Mother of a 16-year old girl has filed a complaint against a youth for abducting and raping her daughter over two days on Sunday. Police have started search for the absconding youth.According to Sola police officials, Rekha's mother (name changed), has filed a complaint against Mahesh Thakor, a resident of Sukhipura near Memnagar, for raping Rekha on April 14 and 15. As per her compliant, her daughter is mentally unstable.On Saturday, she had been to a neighbour's residence for a while at 6 pm when Thakor came in his autorickshaw and lured Rekha with an excursion in the area. She agreed and went with him.\"Rekha did not come back in the night after which her mother called up relatives and nearby residents but could not get any information.On Sunday, she was searching for her when she got to know that Rekha was found near Hanuman Temple in Jantanagar at 6.30 pm. She was shocked to see her as her clothes were soiled.She also complained of pain after which she realized that she had been raped. The mother then called upon police control room.As the matter involved a victim from scheduled caste, the investigation will be carried out by SC/ST cell,\" said a Sola police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12696487", "title": "Spoiling flyer\u2019s holiday to cost airline Rs 50,000", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai suburban district consumer redressal forum last week ordered Kingfisher Airlines Ltd to pay Rs 50,000 compensation to a Worli-based man who had to face severe hardships during a summer holiday to Himachal Pradesh as the airlines did not accommodate him and his family on their flights despite prior bookings.According to the complaint filed in the forum in September 2008, Nikhil Nevatiya had booked four tickets for himself and his family on the airline's flight from Delhi to Kulu. The flight was to depart on May 18, 2007, and the family was to return to Delhi by the airline's flight on May 25, 2007. On May 18, 2007, Nevatiya arrived at the airport with his family at 8.30am. However, when he enquired about the flight at the airline's counter, an airline employee told him that the computer's reservation index did not show his or his family members' names. Nevatiya told the airlines that he had booked the tickets in February 2007. He pleaded with the airline to accommodate him and his family on the flight. When the airline refused do so, Nevatiya had to take a taxi to Kulu. He further alleged that the family once again was not accommodated on their scheduled flight from Kulu to Delhi on May 25, 2007. The Nevatiyas alleged that due to deficiency of service by the airlines they had to face severe hardship and ended up spending more money.The complaint was originally filed against Deccan Airlines. However, during the pendency of the case, Kingfisher took over Air Deccan and the complaint was amended to that effect. In its defence the airline contended that Nevatiya had not booked the tickets but was a member of the airline's scheme called \"Valueflier\" and was to get the tickets under the scheme. The airlines said as the reservation list did not show the names of Nevatiya and his family the airline had given them an option of flying to Kulu on May 19, 2007. However the family refused this offer and left the airport. With respect to the return flight the airline said that once again the names of the family did not show up on the reservation list and hence the family was given the option of boarding the Delhi-bound flight from Dharamshala.The forum said that from the copies of the ticket it was evident that Nevatiya had booked four tickets for himself and his family on both the flights. The forum also said the Nevatiyas had confirmed tickets under the scheme. It held that since the airline had not accommodated the family on their scheduled flights despite prior booking and reservation, it was guilty of deficiency in service. The consumer forum held that the family had to board their return flight from Dharamshala and by staying overnight at a hotel there, they had incurred additional expenses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12698028", "title": "Rajasthan High Court seeks report on minister's interference in anti-encroachment drive", "text": "JAIPUR: A division bench of Rajasthan High Court comprising Justice Arun Mishra and Justice Meena V Gomber has called for an explanation from the state authorities and the district collector, Kota on alleged illegal interference of UDH minister in the removal of encroachment from a public land.The order came on a PIL filed by one Ram Kishan alleging that a vast public land in Devli Mattiyan village in Ladpura tehsil in Kota is used as a park for marriages etc. by public at large, but has many encroachments. When on a complaint the local authorities went to remove the encroachments, the UDH minister called up the tehsildar and threatened him to not to remove the encroachments.\"The tehsildar in writing asked the collector to guide as to what should be done and later on the enforcement unit returned without removing the encroachments due the influence of UDH minister Shanti Dhariwal,\" said the petitioner's counsel. Taking note of the situation , the division bench issued a notice to the revenue department as also the collector, Kota to explain at to why the encroachments were not removed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12698228", "title": "On its deathbed, neem tree gets a healing touch", "text": "NEW DELHI: The operation went on for almost three hours but the doctors were happy with the outcome. Despite a massive insect infestation that had gnawed away its innards and a recent fracture, they believe the patient will make a full recovery and will probably live on for another 20-30 years. The 60-year-old Neem tree at the juncture of Lodhi Road and Bhishma Pitamah Marg has been given a new lease of life.Its growth stunted as it struggled to survive Delhi's harsh environment, and its roots suffocated by the tightening noose of concrete around its base, the tree was almost split into two as a huge branch was ripped off in a thunder squall last week. MCD asked the NDMC tree ambulance for help, which decided that an immediate \"surgery\" was needed to save the Neem.Since it started operating in Delhi, the tree ambulance has saved a few hundred trees in the city, most of them in the NDMC areas. More than 50 trees have been operated upon, a procedure in which old and usually hollow trees are treated, packed with flexible material and sealed so that they may grow back.On Tuesday, the joint operation by NDMC and MCD started around 10.30am in which first the broken branch was removed and then the tree treated for its termite infestation. \"The tree was very sick and would have eventually collapsed. First, we hacked out the termite infested part. The wood actually crumbled when we touched it. Once the major portion was removed manually, we hosed it with water jet to clean it completely,\" said Kaushik.Once rid of the pests, the inside of the trunk was washed with chloropyriphose, an insecticide . Then the cavity was painstakingly filled with foam, thermocol and cotton to provide support to the trunk. These were then secured using a wire mesh.\"These materials were chosen as they provide support and sufficient flexibility to the tree. Wood will start growing back within the next 10 days, and as the trunk heals, these materials will be squeezed inward without any resistance. In earlier operations we used hard materials but realized that it did not leave the tree with any flexibility,\" added Kaushik.Finally, the materials were sealed with plaster of Paris and the fallen bark was pressed back into place. This was then secured using strips of hessian. The exposed part from where the branch had broken off was also sealed with PoP and then covered with an additional layer of cement to prevent water from going in.Suhas Borkar, founder member of Green Circle of Delhi, who reported the case to authorities , says that it is not surprising for trees to collapse. \"Pollution levels are rising, groundwater tables are falling and the trees are being allowed no space to breathe. Greening guidelines provide for adequate space of at least 6 X 6 feet has to be left around trees while cementing or tiling. Horticulture departments in all civic agencies should have tree disease and surgery units. None of these guidelines are being followed and Delhi's trees are in poor shape.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12696355", "title": "UK Lord puts \u00a310m bounty on Obama's head", "text": "LONDON: Lord Nazir Ahmed, a British Labour peer of Pakistani origin, was suspended by the party on Sunday night for offering \u00a310 million for the capture of US President Barack Obama while visiting Pakistan. The party has ordered an inquiry as well.The Labour party acted on the basis of a report in a Pakistani daily, Express Tribune, which said Ahmed made the remarks at a reception in Haripur, Pakistan, on Friday last week. Nazir denied the allegations, saying he only sought trial of Tony Blair and George Bush for war crimes in Iraq and Afghanistan. His \"bounty\" remark was in response to the $10 million offered by US earlier this month for the capture of Lashkar founder Hafiz Saeed, the alleged mastermind of the 26/11 attacks.\"We have suspended Lord Ahmed pending investigation,\" a Labour spokesperson said. \"If these comments are accurate, we utterly condemn these remarks...The international community is rightly doing all in its power to seek justice for the victims of the Mumbai bombings.\"Speaking to a British news agency from Pakistan, Ahmed denied offering a bounty. He said he told the meeting that George Bush and ex-Labour prime minister Tony Blair should be prosecuted for war crimes. He was apparently surprised Labour had suspended him. He challenged the party to provide evidence to justify its decision.Express Tribune recorded that Ahmed described the US bounty on Saeed as \"an insult to all Muslims\". He reportedly said, \"If the US can announce a reward of $10 million for the capture of Hafiz Saeed, I can announce a bounty of \u00a310 million on President Obama and his predecessor George Bush.\" He said he was even ready to sell his house to fund it if necessary, the newspaper said.Ahmed said, \"I never said those words. I did not offer a bounty. I said that there have been war crimes in Iraq and Afghanistan and those people who have strong allegations against them - George W Bush and Tony Blair - have been involved in illegal wars and should be brought to justice. I do not think there's anything wrong with that.\"In 1998, Ahmed became the first Muslim life peer. A member of the House of Lords , he has over the years shown little interest in British affairs. A source said his primary agenda is to act as a spokesman for Pakistan, especially on Kashmir.In 2009, he was jailed after he was caught sending and receiving text messages at the wheel minutes before he was involved in a crash on a British highway. He was released after 16 days when the court of appeal decided his prison sentence should be suspended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12700944", "title": "All India Satsang conference concludes", "text": "GUWAHATI: The two-day Navavarsha Swasti Mahayajna concluded on Sunday. It is one of the largest religious congregations in the Northeast. It sent out a message that there should be no division on the lines of faith, caste or creed.Assam governor J B Patnaik inaugurated the event on Saturday and Meghalaya governor R S Mushahary attended a spiritual discourse at the event. Mushahary lauded the organization for its contribution to society and said Satsang should make every effort to weed out superstitions like witch-hunting from the state.Reminiscing about the teachings of Sri Sri Thakur Anukulchandra--founder of Satsang, chairman of Assam Human Rights Commission, Aftab Hussain Saikia said that Thakur's messages pave the way to a healthy and compassionate society.\"Sri Sri Thakur said 'All Prophets are same'. We should strive to lead a life of harmony and brotherhood. There should not be any class division,\" Saikia said. He was speaking at the Satsang Lawyers' Conference. Eminent lawyers also spoke at length on Sri Sri Thakur's contribution to judiciary.Justice B K Sarma of Gauhati High Court said that the \"very concept and root of law\" in a democratic country lies in the teachings of Sri Sri Thakur.\"I was astonished to find that Sri Sri Thakur has so well underlined the principles of law in his tenets. We all know there are many theories of punishments. Sri Sri Thakur spoke about reformation,\" Sarma said.\"Sri Sri Thakur has aptly said a 'judge is to correct and console, not just to punish'. Sri Sri Thakur has always advocated for curative justice because be believed that curative justice reduces crime,\" he added.Over five lakh Satsang devotees from different parts of India and abroad attended the congregation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12697582", "title": "Supreme Court commission sends notice to university MBA head", "text": "LUCKNOW: The National Commission for Scheduled Castes (NCSC) on Monday directed MBA head of Lucknow University, Prof JK Sharma, to take action on the failure of more than 50% MBA students in semester exams. Majority of these students belong to scheduled caste category. These students had met NCSC chairman PL Punia last week and sought his intervention in the matter.In a letter sent to Prof Sharma, NCSC regional director Dibakar Basak has asked him to take action and inform the commission by April 19.Students said Prof Sharma has told the commission that he will promote all students and postpone the second semester examinations as well. But LU spokesman Prof Rajesh Mishra told TOI that \"MBA HoD has said the matter is under consideration.''MBA students, especially those belonging to reserved category, have alleged that owing to anomalies in evaluation more than 50% of them have failed the first semester exams. The first semester MBA results were declared on April 3. While 29 students got a year back, 40 failed in one or two subjects. Among the failed students,18 belong to SC category.Vexed with the mass failure, the SC students staged protest and on April 14 met Punia who assured them of an early action.The students have also alleged that teachers in the department are indifferent towards them.\"Since we belong to reserved category, the university ill-treats us. We demand re-evaluation so that we can figure out our mistakes,'' said a student.The university, however, has categorically stated that there is no provision of re-evaluation. \"The students can see their evaluated answer sheets by moving an RTI application. The mistakes, if any, will be rectified,'' said a university official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12701717", "title": "Jamalabad Fort entry fee slashed by 90%", "text": "MANGALORE: A trek to Jamalabad Fort, located eight km north of Belthangady town and about 65 km from Mangalore, will not tax your pockets anymore. The wildlife division, which had hiked the fee to Rs 200 for adults and Rs 100 for children April last year, has reduced it to Rs 20 and Rs 10 respectively - a 90% reduction. Principal chief conservator of forest (Wildlife) B K Singh told TOI that the decision was taken after a lot of opposition from locals who demanded reduction in the entry fee. The fee for entry into Kudremukh National Park (KNP) will be the same as before at Rs 200 and Rs 100.Foreigners will be charged Rs 1,000 as before to visit to the fort. The fort is in the Belthangady Zone of KNP. \"This reduction of fee is applicable only to Jamalabad Fort. In rest of the national parks and wild life divisions, the fee will remain as it is,'' Singh added.The fort built by Tipu Sultan in 1794 was supposedly named after his mother Jamalabee. Tipu, impressed by the vantage point, constructed the fort. The access to the fort is only through a narrow path, with nearly 2000 steps that are cut out of the granite hill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "vapi", "code": "12699814", "title": "Scarce crowd leaves Valsad BJP red-faced", "text": "VAPI: The Valsad BJP unit is an embarrassing position due to scarce crowd witnessed in the two state-sponsored Garib Kalyan Melas held in Pardi, Valsad and Umbergaon talukas since the last three days.BJP members are grappling for reasons for the unsatisfactory public gathering in these melas despite the presence of chief minister Narendra Modi . They are attributing it to the summer heat and marriage season.Nearly, 4,500 beneficiaries in Pardi, 6,800 in Valsad and around 4,700 in Umbergaon, which included slum dwellers and those living below the poverty line were given Rs 31 crore as aids in melas organized on Thursday, Friday and Sunday.The number of people attending the function was evidently lesser than previous years' programmes. Many did not bother to sit throughout the programme and started leaving, district administration officials confirmed.Local district authorities believe that the scheduled time of 7.00 pm was probably unsuitable for many, especially those living in the interior tribal areas. \"Women folk were seen in large numbers in the past, but this time the numbers were very less as the time was not suitable,\" said L C Chaudhary, mamlatdar, Pardi.The other reason being put forward is the lesser number of cheques and assets available to distribute for beneficiaries compared to last year.A S Patel, project administrator, Valsad said, \"Despite nonavailability of funds from various central and state government schemes due to post-Budget month, we tried to provide maximum aid and other benefits through funds that came from Tribal Development Corporation, Kendriya Khas Sahay Yojna of Central Social Welfare Department and rural and urban departments of the state.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "curtorim", "code": "12697814", "title": "Solution or destruction?", "text": "CURTORIM: This agricultural village is divided over an issue where a proposal to construct a retaining wall as part of the Curtorim lake beautification project is either viewed as a solution to farmers' woes or the concretization is a threat to the water body's very existence.In the second week of April, Curtorim MLA Reginaldo Lourenco and officials from the water resources department (WRD) and Curtorim panchayat approved the project assuring farmers that it will not affect their cultivation of fields.\"People want the beautification project. The project does not harm anybody and just for the sake of opposing, this project should not be stalled as it offers a one-stop solution to many issues,\" said Charles Barreto, Curtorim panch member and social activist.Some locals under the banner of 'Curtorkarancho Ekvott' (CE) have opposed the concretization of the embankment of Curtorim's heritage lake. They say that concretization of water body embankments around the state has resulted in damaging agricultural land and the water bodies. Led by John da Silva, they have written to the chief minister asking for his intervention. Before the beautification project was proposed, farmers and locals had complained that garbage and other pollutants were being dumped into the lake and there was excessive water seepage into their fields. While Barreto felt that with the beautification, the practice of dumping garbage into the lake would end, he stressed that the most important beneficiaries would be farmers as the lake's storage capacity would be increased as leakage would be plugged.Incidentally, CE, who claim to be backing farmer groups from Shirgui Aad and Angddi Tollem, has said that the project will reduce the capacity of available water for irrigation. To this point, WRD officials said they would take all measures to prevent such a scenario. Farmers from Angddi Tollem also stated that they had no such concerns. \"If we had such problems, we would have raised our concerns with the officials,\" said Rose Marie Paes. Another farmer, Carmina Travasso said, \"There is no question of us being affected. From what we gather, this project will help us greatly\".Maria Joanita Fernandes from Batora said that the project would enable villagers to have a place to meet and relax in the evenings. \"The lake and our fields are unclean. This project will not only clean these areas, but also give us a place to sit after work in the evening,\" she said.Ramesh Naik, a member of the Shirgui Aad association, said that the existing 'bandh' had been weakened over the years due to traffic on the main road and needed support. Concurring with this view was Curtorim sarpanch Alcino D'Silva, who said that the new concrete structure would support the existing 'bandh' and no cultivable land was to be acquired for the project. \"The laterite stone wall will not be replaced. The quality of laterite available a hundred years ago is not available today,\" he said.Naik, treasurer of the Shirgui Aad association, added that the 'nullahs' near the 'bandh' had to be desilted as effluents in it were flowing into the lake, which in turn, was contaminating the farms. \"A small pond used by cattle will also benefit from the project,\" he said.\"This project serves two purposes, one is for prosperity of the villagers and the other for immediate relief,\" said Lourenco, pointing out that he had carried out similar works at Maitollem, Raitolelem, Manora and Xelpem. \"The idea is to salvage the lake, clean it from garbage and other pollutants and create a wall so that pesticides and fertilizers do not get into it and kill the fish, which has been happening till now,\" he added.Problem Problem...1: Curtorim lake has been recognized as an important bird area under the Ramsar Convention on account of the thousands of rare migratory ducks, who use it as a refuge during winters. 'Curtorkarancho Ekvott' fear that the project will reduce the distance from the 'bandh' to the centre of the lake, making it more insecure for the birds, and cause some of these species to abandon this ancient habitat permanently. MLA Lourenco disagrees and stated that bird-watching infrastructure will be improved after consulting locals.2: Laterite and mud walls are habitat for flora and fauna, including turtles, crabs, fish, snakes, monitor lizards, birds and numerous small insects and microbes. These flora and fauna play a crucial role in the upkeep of the quality of the water. Laterite and mud allow seepage of the water, thereby keeping the water body clean. Those opposing the project say it will kill all flora and fauna and will stop the natural seepage, thereby converting the lake into a non-living water body. MLA Lourenco says that the lake was polluted with pesticides and fertilizers and the small organisms were badly affected due to contamination.Top View\"This project serves two purposes, one is for prosperity of the villagers and the other for immediate relief,\"Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco, Curtorim MLA\"The laterite stone wall will not be replaced. The quality of laterite available a hundred years ago is not available today,\"Alcino D'Silva, sarpanchPeople's take\"The lake and our fields are unclean. This project will not only clean up these areas, but also give us a place to sit after work in the evening,\"Maria Joanita Fernandes, Batora farmer\"If we had problems, we would have raised our concerns with the officials,\"Rose Marie Paes, Angddi Tollem farmer\"The project does not harm anybody. Just for the sake of opposing, it should not be stalled as it offers a solution to many issues,\"Charles Barreto, panch and social activist\"There is no question of us being affected. From what we gather, this project will help us greatly,\"Carmina Travasso, resident, Angddi Tollem", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12697267", "title": "Solar equipment for 9 government offices in district", "text": "NAGPUR: The district administration is promoting use of solar equipment in a big way in government establishments. In last financial year, 4.90 crore was sanctioned to nine different departments for installing solar powered equipment. However, since the money was released to almost all of them at the end of the financial year, the equipment is yet to be installed.District collector Saurabh Rao told TOI that the provision for the solar equipment was made as per a government GR dated August 9, 2010, that mandated 4.5% of the total outlay of every district planning committee (DPC) be spent on Innovative Schemes. \"Government has identified 30 activities including solar equipment under the innovative schemes under which the departments including medical colleges could be given equipment or facilities. In case any district wants money for other schemes they can seek them by sending appropriate proposal,\" he said.In Nagpur, the DPC released 4.9 crore for nine departments to install solar water heaters, lights, streetlights etc. These offices include the district library, ITI Butibori, Flying Club, Zilla Parishad, Tehsil Office, Government Dental College, Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH), ITI Indora and the forest department.Each department, however, is expected to get the equipment certified from Maharashtra Energy Development Agency (MEDA). It is also supposed to buy the equipment from manufacturers whose rate contracts are approved by the state government and MEDA. Once the approval is given by the collector, the establishment can seek funds for the equipment directly from DPC.\"There are a large number of establishments like medical colleges that incur huge electricity bills. Use of solar equipment saves this huge cost and also prevents pollution. In medical colleges, solar water heaters will be installed for students and patients,\" said Rao.Assistant district planning officer JT Dhamne added that solar equipment also allowed uninterrupted electricity to places like offices, libraries and hostels. \"Forest department is using the equipment to light up the check posts located in remote places having no electricity,\" he informed. He went on to say that flying Club is putting up solar fencing to prevent entry of animals into the premises. The ITIs and tehsil offices are using it for basic electrification. The district library near Panchsheel Square is installing the equipment for round the clock electric supply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12697745", "title": "Government shift for school students", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The recent directive of commissioner of schools changing timings of all secondary and higher secondary schools in the state to 11 am to 5 pm from next academic year beginning June 2012 has caused unrest among the school managements.Commissioner of schools recently ordered that classes IX to XII will compulsorily run from 11 am to 5 pm. The decision, officials say, has been made to ensure that rural children get equal opportunity to get better education. The decision, they assert, will also stem rampant rise in the number of tuition classes.\"It has come to our notice that a number of rural children have to start very early in the morning to travel distance and reach school at 7 am or 8 am. Many teachers, too, are unable to reach the schools in time due to distance problem affecting the education of the village children. The new timings for secondary and higher secondary schools will make life easy for the rural children along with the urban counterparts, who will get a chance to eat and go to school,\" said Hasmukh Adhia, principal secretary, education.The urban kids will get an opportunity to eat their brunch and go to school. Later, they will get time to study in the evening, as well as, in the morning, says the official. On the other hand, the decision will help rein in the rampant tuition classes that are mushrooming and run during the afternoons and evenings.School managements, however, beg to differ. They claimed that the decision was unwarranted and aimed at arm-twisting the schools managements, who had to recently approach courts demanding their say in the recruitment process of teachers. It needs mention that the school managements are up in arms against the government after the it recently recruited the teachers and limited the role of school managements to issuing appointment letters.\"The decision will cause unwarranted stress in schools, especially in institutions which are running in two shifts. The government had earlier given permission to run schools in two shifts but this mandatory order will disrupt their functioning,\" said Dinubhai Dave, trustee of Sharda Mandir High School.Campus director of GLS Group of Schools D D Jogani said that running the classes at the said time 5 will leave students with little time to study and play. \"Either they will have no time to study or no time to play,\" Jogani said.\"The mandatory orders are unwarranted. A similar order was issued five years ago but was not implemented,\" said Bhaskar Patel, president of Ahmedabad City School Management Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12696996", "title": "Unrecognized junior schools refuse to follow Right to Education Act", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Right to Education may sound the death knell for many primary schools in the city which may not be recognized but teach lakhs in the neighbourhood. The schools can be shut down under RTE if they do not upgrade their infrastructure and resources by next year.However, they have still decided to defy RTE for as long as they can. They also plan to not even reserve 25% seats for the economically weaker section - a mandate for all private schools. Though the Supreme Court verdict last week did not spare them, the association of 2,000 such schools in the city is ready to take a chance.\"We can't be forced to implement RTE. The government can't browbeat us into doing charity. Such schools cater to areas where population has increased but the number of government or recognized schools is not adequate,\" said R C Jain, president, Delhi State Public School Management Association. He said there were 2,235 unrecognized schools in the city that teach children till Class V.There is no word from the government on who will reimburse them if they implement the freeship quota. Jain insisted that upgrading infrastructure or reserving EWS seats was not possible without raising the fee paid by general category students.RTE gave three years to such schools to get recognition from the government to ensure quality education. Two years have already passed. \"If the government shuts down schools, we will hold strikes. Such a closure will take schools away from the reach of common man. Already nearly 100 schools have shut down over past two years due to pressure on their limited resources,\" Jain said while arguing that unrecognized schools could neither increase their land overnight nor can they achieve the teacher-student ratio provided by RTE. \"We have 40 to 45 students in each class though RTE wants us to keep it at 30.\"RTE supporters, however, claimed private schools simply did not want to share the responsibility. Ashok Aggarwal, founder of NGO Social Jurist, said, \"Such schools do not want recognition because that will make them accountable.\"The association of 2,000 unrecognized primary schools in the city plans to not reserve 25% seats for EWS students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12701074", "title": "Prabhu Deva dances to Remo's tunes", "text": "Prabhudeva, who has been choreographing popular stars throughout his career, will now for the first time dance in choreographer Remo D'Souza's debut directorial venture Any Body Can Dance(ABCD).Mumbai Mirrorcaught the actor in all-black attire live on the sets of ABCD. Grooving to Remo's choreography in a disco setup complete with psychedelic lights, the crowd cheered him on. An excited Remo said, \"It is a dream come true and I can't explain my feelings in words. Prabhu is a great human being. He is a through professional and even though he is himself a director, choreographer; he did not once impose anything. He gave a couple of suggestions but he stuck to whatever I said.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12697581", "title": "Over 79,410 students cleared MBA entrance in state", "text": "NAGPUR: The results of Maharashtra's last MBA entrance exam conducted by Directorate of Technical Education (DTE) on March 11 are out and over 79,410 students have managed to clear it. State technical education director Subhash Mahajan told TOI from Mumbai that about 82,764 students actually appeared for the examination of which 3,354 were disqualified on various counts. Those clearing the exam would fight it out for nearly 34,000 seats available in over 400 colleges across the state.From Nagpur division comprising six districts, 9,226 candidates had registered for this year's exam of which over 8,000 actually appeared at three centres. But in comparison to 2010 where 11,600 had appeared, and 2009 where over 19,000 had taken this exam, this year's number was still less.According to DTE officials, the MAH-MBA/MMS-CET was conducted across 21 centres in the division of which, 19 were in Nagpur while one each was allocated to Bhandara and Chandrapur. A total of 5,490 seats are up for grabs in 60 colleges across the division. Last year however, about 2,677 seats remained vacant which led to institutions going into bankruptcy.The entrance was originally scheduled for February 26 but since its dates were clashing with All India Council for Technical Education's (AICTE) Common Management Aptitude Test (CMAT), it was postponed. A majority of colleges from the division have stated that they will also accept CMAT scores for admission.The Maharashtra government had already granted approval for the CMAT which means this will be last MAH-MBA/MMS-CET to be conducted by the DTE.The exam is conducted for admissions into courses offered in government, university managed, university departments and unaided institutes in the state. However, the official expressed concern over fading popularity of management courses in the state. Though the number of MBA seats is increasing every year, the colleges are facing students' crunch, especially the new ones. Even in the 2010-11 session, over 5,000 MBA seats remained vacant all over the state.Schedule for MAH-MBA/MMS-CET-2012* Registration for GD/PI &amp; receipt of call letter- April 19 to 30* Conduct of GD/PI at select centres - May 10 to 31* Submission of work experience certificate - May 10 to 21* Document verification at various ARCs - May 10 to 31* Display of provisional merit list on website - June 16 at 5pm* Submission of grievance applications - June 18 to 19* Display of final merit list on website - June 25 at 5pmMBA CET students' stats:Appeared - 82,764Passed - 79,410Disqualified - 3,354", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi/ chandigarh", "code": "12698390", "title": "At CM meet, Sukhbir seeks funds to fight Naxalism, narcotics", "text": "New Delhi/ CHANDIGARH: Punjab deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal on Monday sought a \"special security package\" for Punjab to \"overcome the challenges posed by inimical forces and to combat narco-terrorism effectively\".Badal Jr was in Delhi to attend the meeting of Chief Ministers on Internal Security with prime minister Manmohan Singh.\"Punjab should be considered category 'A' instead of category 'B' looking at historic roots of Naxal agitation in the state,\" Sukhbir said while seeking a special package from the Centre to tackle left wing extremism.Advising caution against the re-eruption of the Naxalite movement in the state that was controlled in the 1960s and early 70s, the deputy chief minister said Punjab continuously faced threats from across the border for revival of terrorism and there was a long continuous threat for revival of Naxalism.Punjab shares a 553-km-long international border with Pakistan that adjoins Jammu and Kashmir. Sukhbir also cautioned on the continuous flow of weapons, explosives, drugs and fake currency from across the border.\"The state has passed through a turbulent period of violence in the 80s and early 90s in which as many as 11,694 innocents, including 262 family members of policemen and 1,780 security personnel, were killed,\" he stated.The deputy chief minister, who also holds the portfolio of state home minister, had recently reshuffled many senior police officials. While revealing that Punjab accounted for about 20% of the total heroin recovery in the country, Badal said that the state government was giving special attention to combat drug trafficking.Punjab demands armory to fight Naxalism1. Funds for modernization of police force every 10 years2. Modernization budget hiked from Rs 30 crore to Rs 150 crore,3. Allocating Rs 50 crore for SSG", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "12696798", "title": "LeT to Valley sarpanchs: Quit job or face music", "text": "SRINAGAR: Posters, purportedly put up by the Lashkar-e-Taiba , on Monday asked panchs and sarpanchs in villages of south Kashmir's Pulwama district to resign from their post within a week's time. Written in Urdu, the posters said, \"Panchs and sarpanchs will be responsible if they don't obey and put in their papers.\"General Officer Commanding 15 Corps Lt General S A Hasnain said, \"These new warnings cannot be brushed aside. We are taking necessary measures in coordination with the local police.\"The threat came on a day when chief minister Omar Abdullah said in Delhi that he intended to remove 26 more pickets of security forces from Srinagar soon.The state is planning to hold local body elections in May. In the past one year, terrorists have gunned down nearly one dozen panchs and sarpanchs throughout the state, with the maximum number being killed in south Kashmir.On Sunday, Hizbul Mujahideen chief Syed Salahuddin described India-Pakistan \"peace plan\" as an attempt to \"freeze the Kashmir issue\" and asked Kashmiri separatists to be united against this \"conspiracy\" for \"isolating Kashmiris\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "12698096", "title": "Man jumps to death on Nilgiri Mountain Railway", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: A man succumbed in the Ooty government hospital after attempting suicide on the Nilgiri Mountain Railway (NMR) track at Fern Hill on Monday.The identity of the man is yet to be discovered however the police said he was a 45-year-old. According to police he was seen on the NMR track at Fern Hill near Ooty around 11.45 am when the toy train was on its way to Ooty. The brake-man of the train saw the man attempting the suicide and applied brakes. The train stopped with a jerk. None of the passengers were affected.\"The man was hit by the engine coach and thrown away,\" said B Padmanabhan, Ooty railway station master. The man sustained severe injuries on his stomach and was bleeding.The railway police rushed to the spot immediately and the victim was found conscious. He was taken to the Ooty government hospital instantly where he succumbed to injuries later.\"While shifting his body, the man was found conscious and spoke in Hindi. He uttered his name Ramesh. But there was no identification found,\" said Raman, special sub-inspector of the railway police.The victim was given treatment at the hospital where he died after two hours. According to Raman, the victim seemed to be a north Indian. \"We have registered a case and investigation is on,\" he added.The body of the victim has been kept in the Ooty Government Hospital mortuary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12700586", "title": "Derailment disrupts traffic", "text": "RANCHI: 30 wagons and two locos of a goods train were derailed between Silsa and Torang railway stations near Muri, some 50 km away from here, on Monday. As a result, the rail traffic was disrupted on the Ranchi-Delhi and Ranchi-Howrah, among other, routes. However, no casualty was reported.Senior railway officials are not ruling out involvement of Maoists in the incident, since the accident occurred during the two-day strike called by the CPI (Maoists) in Jharkhand, West Bengal and Odisha. Ranchi divisional railways manager (DRM), G Malaya said, \"Though it is a matter of investigation whether Maoists were involved or not, it is certain that some miscreants were involved.\"Dozens of express and passenger trains were delayed by hours in the morning as a result of the accident. Malaya said that the routes of all-important long distance trains were diverted via Purulia to restore rail traffic. The most hard hit were Howrah-Hatia Express, New Delhi-Bhubaneshar Rajdhani Express and Mithilanchal Express. \"Officials have reached the accident sitee and the operation to restore the route is underway,\" said Malaya, adding that the complete restoration of the tracks would take around 60 hours. Over 80% of the derailed wagons, which were carrying limestone for Tata Steel in Jamshedpur from Barkakana, have been damaged. The derailment also brought down three poles and overhead cables. Railway sources told TOI a total of 700 meters of rail tracks have been damaged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12697054", "title": "Day after beef fest, Osmania University remains tense", "text": "HYDERABAD: A day after the beef festival, tension prevailed on the Osmania University (OU) campus with members of two student organisations slapping cases against each other. Rama Rao, an activist of Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) filed an attempt to murder case against members of the festival organising committee. In retaliation, T Venkateswaralu, a member of the festival committee, lodged a complaint against some ABVP students for allegedly beating him at the Old PG hostel.Rama Rao, a second year MA (Sanskrit) student who allegedly suffered a bleeding injury near his ribs lodged a police complaint at 2 am on Monday against two unknown persons who allegedly gagged him and injured him with a knife. Rao, however, revised his complaint and named seven members of the organising committee of the fest as assailants at around 11 am. Rama Rao was initially admitted to Gandhi Hospital and later shifted to a private hospital at Habsiguda for treatment. Around the same time, students of the festival organising committee lodged a complaint with the police accusing seven members of ABVP of attacking them the previous night. The OU police have booked cases under section 307 and SC/ST Atrocities Act respectively in the two cases.The OU police, who are investigating both the cases, said that as per Rama Rao's complaint, the assailants first tried to strangle him using a towel which he was wearing around the neck while going to his hostel room. \"As he resisted, one of them pulled out a pen knife and inflicted an injury on the rib. We are waiting for the medical report to ascertain the nature of his injury. After the incident was reported a police platoon was deployed near C Hostel but by evening it was withdrawn,\" said P Ashok, inspector, OU police.Meanwhile, following a night of violence wherein 12 RTC buses were damaged and two cars were torched, the campus continued to remain tense as ABVP students declared a campus bandh. They also conducted a rally led by the injured student Rama Rao from Arts College to the administrative building to stage a dharna there. \"By holding the festival on the campus, they hurt the sentiments of a section of students. We condemn the faculty members for extending their support to such a festival on the campus. The police should arrest all those who were responsible for the attack on Rama Rao,\" said T Ramakrishna, national executive member, ABVP and a student of OU. The organizers of the fest said that the attack on them proved the fact that their food habits were considered offensive and unholy. \"We were resisting this very cultural invasion which manifested itself in violence. We suspect the involvement of right wing groups from outside in the violence. The university authorities should make this campus safe for its students,\" said K Rajesh. The organizers had conducted a protest meeting on campus where BJP MLA Kishan Reddy's effigy was burnt for allegedly sponsoring the violence.OU vice-chancellor S Satyanarayana said that the demands of student groups would be addressed within 24 hours. \"Any sort of politics will not be encouraged in the university. We have not agreed to the beef demand at all and the mess menu will remain the same,\" said Satyanarayana. The VC also said that the best medical services would be given to the injured. A total of six cases including four of vehicle burning were booked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12696972", "title": "Bench recuses self from red sanders suit", "text": "HYDERABAD: A division bench of the HC comprising chief justice Madan B Lokur and justice PV Sanjay Kumar on Monday recused itself from hearing a case filed by Cantonment MLA P Shankar Rao charging the chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy and forest minister S Vijaya Rama Raju with helping in the illegal trade of red sanders in AP. The case will now be heard by a new bench.While hearing another petition charging authorities with failing to construct water pits to store rain water even after collecting surcharge from the public for the purpose, the bench issued notices to the water board and GHMC asking them to explain their stand and posted the case to June.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12697406", "title": "IAS officer in dock for aiding builders", "text": "GURGAON: A Delhi resident has filed a complaint with the Lokayukta, Haryana, against a serving IAS officer, who during his tenure as the Director of Land Consolidation (DLC), had illegally transferred panchyat land worth several crores of rupees to private builders and individuals in Gurgaon.TOI accessed the complaint that had been submitted to the Lokayukta office in Chandigarh recently. The complainant, K K Garg, has made a serious allegation on the manner the DLC , S C Goel, transferred the land of Gurgaon villages to different builders and private individuals between 2006-09.At present, Goel is posted as Director, Welfare of Scheduled Castes and Backward Classes in Chandigarh.Speaking to TOI, Goel said: \"I am not aware of any complaint with Lokayuta against me on any matter. I have not got any communication in this regard from anywhere. I am getting to know about this from you (reporter).\" The allegation assumes greater significance since the pieces of land benefited the builders in planning housing projects. The deputy commissioner, P C Meena, claimed ignorance about the Lokayutkta complaint. The complainant has alleged that the officer violated the procedures of the Consolidation Act, and ordered the transfer of land.The complaint has alleged that there is no statutory provision that allows Director Consolidation to deal with the issue of exchange of land of any Gram Panchayat. In the detailed annexure, complainant had cited several legal loop%holes to prove the alleged illegality of the land transfer by Goel.The complainant has submitted the copies of the orders passed by Goel in which panchayat land had been transferred to Nova Realtors (21 February 2009), B&amp; B Mercon (10 November 2008), Rao Krishan Estate (3 February 2009) and Oscar Buildtech (10 November 2008). According to the complainant, in Gwal Pahari on five occasions the illegal orders were passed in which village panchyat land was transferred to builders %and private individuals. %The complainant has alleged that two individuals, Omita Sharma and Raghubir Singhhad, got the Jvillage panchyat land on two occasions in Gwal Pahari village.The complainant has submitted exhaustive documents and details of the orders of Goel for transfer of village panchyat land in different areas. It has been alleged that the land was transferred by passing illegal orders, without any jurisdiction while exercising the power of Goel. The complainant further alleged that the illegal orders were passed to favour builders. After taking undue benefits, Goel ordered transfer or exchange of panchayat land, the complainant alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12697178", "title": "Jeanneret's furniture to regain old glory", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The stir that furniture designed by Pierre Jeanneret has been creating in auction houses abroad is having its ripple effects in the city too. His trademark tables and chairs, which were discarded and replaced by government offices in the 1990s, will soon make a comeback as the UT administration plans to set up a restoration centre to refurbish these. The large stock of heritage furniture items that have been lying in storehouses will be restored and either be put to use in government offices or find a place in city museums. The issue came up for discussion at a recent meting with ministry of home affairs (MHA) and the details will be worked out at an upcoming meeting of the heritage preservation committee that will be convened by UT administrator Shivraj Patil . A UT official said the proposal has come up so that furniture that is in great demand abroad does not go waste in storehouses back home. \"Space needs to be allocated for the restoration centre too,\" he said.S D Sharma, another associate of Corbusier said, \"It is more out of ignorance that the furniture was disposed at departmental auctions. One reason is that in the 1960s, Jeanneret's prototype was all over the city because the administration had ordered mass production of the same designs.\" However, chairs, tables and racks designed by architect Le Corbusier's cousin Jeanneret for UT offices have been up for grabs at leading auction houses.Following this international recognition, the Jeanneret-brand of furniture has made a comeback in the city. Replicas made at the Model Jail by inmates are also a hit with the locals. The large easy chairs that make you slump in or the simple-but-sturdy wooden stools are finding their way back in living rooms. Yet most government offices have not been using the pieces anymore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12699441", "title": "Despite compromise, Samarjitsinh will hold sway", "text": "VADODARA: Royal family scion Samarjitsinh Gaekwad may have pulled out of the race for president in Baroda Cricket Association (BCA), but he has ensured that his voice doesn't go unrepresented in the cricketing body till the next polls.A look at the list of candidates contesting for managing committee meeting - BCA's apex decision making body - reveals that most of them are from Gaekwad and his associate Sanjay Patel's camp. Gaekwad and Patel will now have major hold over the decision taken in the association till the next polls. The elections will be held on April 20.Gaekwad had not been happy over the way the managing committee was functioning over last one year. He had even shot off an email in April last year questioning why the committee meeting was organized in his absence. Gaekwad had taken pot-shots at the management stating that such meetings were held far and few and to top it up such short notices were sent as if it was a request not to attend (meeting).'If important matters are to be deliberated and passed then good turn out must be ensured. Records will show that I have not attended many meetings which reflect poorly on my conduct,' read the e-mail that was also sent to BCA president Chirayu Amin.Also, only two of Gaekwad's supporters used to speak out during the managing committee meetings for last two years. \"But, almost all the managing committee members except Pranav Amin belong to Samarjitsinh and Sanjay camp. Though, Samarjitsinh has backed down from the president's election, he has got all his candidates in managing committee. The duo now will have strong hold over the decisions taken by BCA,\" a BCA official said.In the new managing committee, Amul Jikar, Ajay Gaekwad, Arun Gandhi, Bhupinder Patel, Chetan Pawar, Parag Patel, Sudhir Parab, Jatin Vakil, Roufus Rockey, R V Hota and Anant Indulkar will belong to the Samarjitsinh-Sanjay camp. Sources said that some members will be co-opted for the managing committee and they too will be mostly from Samarjitsinh camp.A senior BCA official also said that strategy will be chalked out for giving honourable exit to the current president in future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12697666", "title": "'Valuables worth 1.39Lakh stolen from Sadar hotel'", "text": "NAGPUR: Sadar police has been left bamboozled after a Navi Mumbai-based retired engineer approached them with a theft report on Sunday evening. Shyammurari Asthana has claimed that his valuables, worth around 1.39 lakhs, has been stolen from the hotel room where he was accommodated with family.Asthana had brought gold and other valuables for his daughter's marriage which is slated on April 18 at a private hall at Sadar.He arrived at Nagpur by train and checked into the Sadar-based hotel earlier in the day, said police. Asthana's daughter, a medical practitioner, is learnt to be tying knot with a city doctor.Police said Asthana left the room with his family on Sunday morning and noticed the theft after returning. Police reached the place after the family approached them with the theft complaint. Sub-inspector Nilkant Kukade of Sadar police station said that he did not find the room-lock to be tampered with. What has surprised the cops is that there were no images of anyone entering or leaving the room in the CCTV recording except that of Asthana and his wife. Police said that it is likely that the valuables may have got stolen during the travelling and not at the hotel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12696681", "title": "After 12 years, Blueline driver jailed for running over woman", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Blueline bus driver has been sentenced to a year in jail for mowing down a woman 12 years ago.District Judge R K Gauba imposed the jail term on driver Azim Khan, rejecting his plea for leniency and said Khan's \"momentary pleasure of rash driving\" resulted in \"loss of a precious life\".\"The capital has been witnessing rather too frequently fatal accidents on roads. It appears discipline cannot be brought about unless there is some element of deterrence. In the given facts and circumstances, where a precious life came to an untimely end due to momentary pleasure drawn by appellant (Khan) indulging in rash driving of a commercial vehicle, there is no scope for any view more lenient than what has already been shown by the trial court,\" the court said.The ruling came on an appeal by Khan against the magisterial court order, sentencing him to a year in jail and a fine of Rs 3,500. The accident dates back to October 2000, when victim Kanta Puri and her husband were going to Safdarjung Airport. At AIIMS intersection, Khan jumped the traffic signal and hit Puri's scooter from behind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12700257", "title": "Three die in marble slabs unloading", "text": "BHOPAL: Three labourers were crushed to death when slabs of marble fell on them when they were unloading the material from the truck in the city on Monday. The police have seized the vehicle and registered a case under the Section 279 of the IPC.According to the police, the tragedy struck when marble, meant for use in a building in the Kilol park area, was being unloaded. There were four labourers in all. The deceased have been identified as Amrit Lal Yadav, 50, Lachhi Ram, 26, Satish Kumar, 26.The police said the accident happened due to carelessness. In a bid to finish work fast, the person who was supposed to hold marble, too, began to unload slabs. After the labourers were half way through, a row of slabs fell on the three, resulting in their death on the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12696277", "title": "Autopsy confirms blows killed Dutchwoman", "text": "CHENNAI: The Mamallapuram police on Monday said a postmortem report had confirmed that Dutch national Johanna Cornelia Lambreta, found dead on March 23 in a house near the beach resort, died of severe head and chest injuries.Lambreta's ribs, which were broken due to blunt force trauma, had pierced other organs, leading to her death, the report said. The doctor who did the autopsy submitted the postmortem report to investigating officers on Friday.The police have charged 35-year-old Lambreta's boyfriend, Remco Elisabeth Martin Joseph, 32, with murder. Investigators say Joseph attacked Lambreta after an argument on March 21. After beating Lambreta to death, Joseph spent two days in the house with the body before it was discovered by a guide.The police arrested Joseph, a boat mechanic also from the Netherlands. He is being held at Puzhal prison in Chennai.\"The doctor who examined Lambreta's body, found evidence of blows to her head. Her ribs were broken she died of internal injuries,\" said Mamallapuram police inspector S Thirunavukarasu. \"We are waiting for results of the viscera test. The police are preparing to file a chargesheet against Joseph.\"The police said Joseph killed Lambreta, a school teacher in the Netherlands, by banging her head against the wall and punching her repeatedly on the chest.The couple had arrived in Mamallapuram on March 10 and were staying at a house at Koklimedu, 3 km from Mamallapuram, that Joseph had bought a few years agoLambreta's body was sent to the Netherlands with the help of the Dutch Embassy in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-17"}
