{"city": "None", "code": "12961945", "title": "Classwork in China", "text": "In November 2012, a collaboration between Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business and Cambridge Judge Business School will bring together 75 leading Chinese and European entrepreneurs for an executive education programme designed to enhance their knowledge and business networks.The 'Global Business Strategy: China' programme is organised by the Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business (CKGSB), China.Taking place in Cambridge and London in November 2012, the three-and-half day programme will see a cohort of Chinese and European entrepreneurs go back to the classroom to discuss the implications of China's globalisation, as well as to learn from each other how best to do business in their respective regions.Particular emphasis will be placed on opportunities within China and topics covered will include creating successful strategies, identifying growth opportunities and regions of the future, accessing peers, adapting to China's rising cost base, the mass-market approach to new technologies and accelerating innovation.Leslie Young, CKGSB, said: \"The China programme offers entrepreneurs the broad context of China's development opportunity and enables them to formulate real personalised business strategies relevant to the dynamic Chinese market - and make the contacts necessary to realise them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12964929", "title": "Sanjjana and Dilip Raj in 'Mahanadhi'", "text": "Actress Sanjjana and Dilip Raj will be seen together in Krishnappa Uppur's forthcoming Kannada film Mahanadhi.Sanjjana is going slow on item songs and looking for strong roles. She has been reading more scripts. Mahanadhi will give her scope to showcase her talent'Mahanadhi' is the story of fishermen on the seashore. The shooting will commence in Mangalore and Udupi. Neel will score the music of the film.It will be produced by the banner called 'Mahanadhi Creations' of actor Srinagara Kitty and Bhavana Belegere.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12956876", "title": "This was the coolest April in Rajasthan in 20 years", "text": "JAIPUR: If your power bill for April brings a smile to your face, thank the weather. For the first time in 20 years, April passed by in most parts of Rajasthan without the temperature touching 40 degrees Celsius. Not just that, the month's highest temperature this year - in April was 38.7 degrees, whereas during the last 10 years it was above 40 degrees mark.A spate of fast-moving western disturbances were responsible for this freakish cool spell, say weather experts. As a result, there was not a single day when heat wave was declared in any part of northwest India during the month. In fact, light showers that lashed across the state brought down the temperatures further. The rain played spoilsport for the farmers as the cultivation was \"cropped\". In many districts, including Dausa, Sikar, Jaipur, Jhunjhunu, Sriganganagar and Hanumangarh, crops were damaged.\"The average maximum temperatures during April was recorded at 40.9 degrees Celsius in 2011, 44.1 in 2010, 44.7 in 2009 and 43.8 in 2008,\" said an official.\"In the last 10 years, Jaipur had never witnessed its maximum temperature below 40 degrees Celsius in this month. In April 1992, Jaipur and other parts of the state witnessed an average maximum temperature of 38.5 degrees Celsius,\" said BP Yadav, IMD director, New Delhi.A western disturbance is the name given to cool air currents blowing towards north India from the Mediterranean Sea, particularly in winter when these bring in snow, rain and cold winds. Usually by this time of the year, these currents move further north.But this year, WDs hovered over the north western parts of the country including Rajasthan, Punjab, Haryana, and Delhi.\"This is quite unusual but in the 125 years of India's meteorological history, we have had at least 12 such years in which April saw below 40 degrees temperatures and higher than average rainy days,\" said a Met official.Never dipped below 40 degrees Celsius in JaipurIn the last 10 years, Jaipur had never witnessed its maximum temperature below 40 degrees Celsius in this month. \"In April 1992, Jaipur and other parts of the state witnessed an average maximum temperature of 38.5 degrees Celsius,\" said BP Yadav, IMD director, New Delhi.A western disturbance is the name given to cool air currents blowing towards north India from the Mediterranean Sea, particularly in winter when these bring in snow, rain and cold winds. Usually by this time of the year, these currents move further north. But this year, WDs hovered over the north western parts of the country.\"This is quite unusual but in the 125 years of India's meteorological history, we have had at least 12 such years in which April saw below 40 degrees temperatures \" said a Met official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12958071", "title": "Onion farmers attempt self-immolation in city", "text": "NASHIK: Activists of Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana (SSS) on Tuesday staged a demonstration in front of the Nashik collectorate to petition the state government to introduce a market intervention scheme (MIS) and a minimum support price (MSP) for onions. They were immediately arrested after some attempted self-immolation.Around 50 farmers of the organization, led by the north Maharashtra president of the Sanghatana Deepak Pagare, staged an agitation in front of the collectorate to push for their demands. The police personnel already deployed there immediately arrested them when some of them attempted self-immolation.\"The state government had assured us that it would take some positive decisions on onion issues by April 30. But, it has not taken any decision in this connection so far. Hence, we decided to stage an agitation in front of the collectorate, but the police crushed our agitation by arresting our activists, who were released afterwards. The state does not seem serious about the issues concerning farmers,\" he said.\"The average wholesale rates of onions at agricultural produce market committees (APMCs) are around Rs 3.50 a kg for the last one year. The production of onions costs farmers Rs 8 a kg. At this juncture, farmers can't manage expenses if they get such a low rate for their crops. We had asked the government to introduce a market intervention scheme, scrap the minimum export price (MEP) and give a minimum support price (MSP) for onions. The state government had promised us that it would take a positive decision in this regard by April 30, but it did not take any decision in this connection. This compelled us to stage agitations in front of the collectorate,\" Pagare said.Over the last couple of weeks, Raju Shetty, president of the Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana, along with his supporters had staged agitations and blocked the Mumbai-Agra national highway near Malegaon for more than four hours, demanding fair prices for onions and subsidies to farmers to make up for losses incurred due to crop loss.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12956475", "title": "\u2018Rupert Murdoch not fit to lead News Corp\u2019", "text": "LONDON: In a severe indictment of media baron Rupert Murdoch, a British parliamentary committee report on Tuesday said he is unfit to be the chairman of News Corporation, the $60bn New York-based conglomerate. The House of Commons select committee said Murdoch \"is not fit to exercise the stewardship of a major international company\" in its report, 'News International and phone-hacking'. News International is News Corp's British subsidiary.The 11-member committee has left it to the House of Commons to decide whether News International committed contempt of parliament and, if so, what punishment should be imposed on the organisation. \"The behaviour of News International and certain witnesses in this (phone-hacking) demonstrated contempt for that (select committee) system in the most blatant fashion,\" said the report.News Corp is the biggest media concern in the United Kingdom with vast interests in print and television. The 81-year-old Murdoch gave evidence to the British parliament's media committee last July in the wake of one of his newspapers, the now-defunct News of the World , illegally hacking into people's mobile phones in the guise of newsgathering.The committee said, \"On the basis of the facts and evidence before the committee, we conclude that, if at all times Rupert Murdoch did not take steps to become fully informed about phone-hacking, he turned a blind eye and exhibited willful blindness to what was going on in his companies and publications. This culture, we consider, permeated from the top throughout the organisation and speaks volumes about the lack of effective corporate governance at News Corporation and News International.\"News Corp, which controls companies and TV channels under the Star banner in India, began as a solitary daily in Adelaide, from where Murdoch navigated a spectacular growth. His staggering success now appears to be in a shambles.On Rupert's son James, who was in-charge of News International until he resigned earlier this year, the MPs were less scathing. But they neither accepted nor rejected his claim that he came to know about phone-hacking at NoTW only towards the end of 2010, as opposed to the middle of 2008, as is suspected in some quarters.The committee said, \"News Corporation's strategy has been to lay the blame on certain individuals.. whilst striving to protect more senior figures, notably James Murdoch.\"Only last week, the father and son had deposed under oath before a judicial commission investigating phone-hacking, wherein both seemed to suffer from serious amnesia.The media select committee found several News Corp or News International employees, including Les Hinton, a close associate of Rupert, to have misled it. \"Corporately, NoTW and News International misled the committee about the true nature and extent of the internal investigations they professed to have carried out in relation to phone-hacking.\"It added, \"In failing to investigate properly and by ignoring evidence of widespread wrongdoing, the companies directors, including Rupert Murdoch and James Murdoch , should be prepared to take responsibility.\"After such censure, which is bound to impact on News Corp's shareholders in the United States , it could be an uphill climb for the Murdochs to retain control of a firm so painstakingly constructed by the father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12961781", "title": "A bond to return to stop brain-drain", "text": "Ghulam Nabi Azad , Union minister of health and family welfare has announced that medical students who go abroad for PG will have to sign a bond to return, in order to stop brain-drain. Education Times speaks to doctors and students for their viewWe have a huge demand-supply gap for doctors in the country which needs to be addressed. The ministry has taken a number of steps in that direction. To cut down on the losses, the government has contemplated that, say, if a thousand doctors go out each year, can it be reduced? This is just one of the steps and perhaps there are other initiatives also that can be thought about to address the issue.- Dr Anupam Sibal, group medical director &amp; senior paediatric gastroenterologist, Apollo Hospitals GroupThe details of the framework are not clear as yet. However, while we would not like to encourage brain-drain and the country needs more PG doctors, we have not been able to achieve a teacher to student ratio of 1:1. Till the time this does not happen, students would be compelled to go abroad for their PG.- Dr Arun Kumar Agarwal, dean, Maulana Azad Medical College (MAMC)There should be a bond, especially for students of government colleges as the money spent on each student by the government is much more compared to the fees charged. The country has a dearth of doctors and that is why the government is investing in us and, therefore, we should serve the country.- Raunak Raj, general secretary, Azad Medicos Association, MAMCThere has to be a distinction between students who get subsidised medical education like in AIIMS and those who pay large amounts of money to get a medical degree from private institutions. For students who pay a lot more for a degree, this rule should not apply as the government's contribution here is negligible. This looks more like a politically motivated decision than an effort to address the issue of brain drain.- Senior professor, AIIMS (on condition of anonymity)Students should be allowed to pursue what they want and where they want. And what is the guarantee that doctors would not return after they complete their degree overseas? Making a doctor sign a bond to force him/her to return is not the right way forward.- Final year student, MBBS, AIIMSIn what capacity can the government make someone sign a bond? After a student leaves college, whether s/he settles in Bhopal or in Australia is his/her right. Why will a citizen sign such a bond? For permanent faculty who go abroad for two years, a bond already exists. If they do not return, they have to pay the amount of the bond to the institute. The government, thus, has to be clear on how the bond will work for those who are not permanent employees of any institution.- Senior faculty member, AIIMS (on condition of anonymity)-Compiled by Diptiman Dewan", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12966518", "title": "Tatra case: Tejinder Singh questioned by CBI", "text": "NEW DELHI: Carrying forward its probe on the bribery allegation made by Army Chief Gen V K Singh, the CBI today questioned retired Lt Gen Tejinder Singh for the first time for his alleged role in the Tatra case.Singh arrived at the CBI headquarters this morning and was grilled at length in connection with the Tatra case as the probe so far suggested role of some former Army officers in clearing the deal for the trucks, official sources said.They said Singh was also asked to reply to the allegations levelled against him by the Army Chief who claimed in his statement that the former Lt Gen had approached him in 2010 with a bribe offer of Rs 14 crore to clear a tranche of 600 Tatra trucks for the Army.Sources in the CBI said, Tejinder Singh was asked about the reasons of his visit to Army chief's office on September 22, 2010 when the alleged bribe offer was made to Gen V k Singh.Tejinder Singh has denied all these allegations and also filed a contempt case against the Army Chief.The CBI had recorded the statement of Army Chief on April 20 in which he had made the allegation against Tejinder Singh saying that he had made the offer on behalf of Ravi Rishi of Tatra trucks, the sources said.Rishi and his company, Vectra, have also denied any wrong doing in the case.CBI has registered a case in purchases of Tatra Trucks to Army on March 30 against Rishi, unknown officials ofn Defence Ministry and UK-based Vectra company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12957858", "title": "City consumed less power this April", "text": "NEW DELHI: This April, power consumption in the capital hit a new low. Statistics with the state load dispatch centre (SLDC) show that Delhiites consumed about 15-20-% less power this April compared to the corresponding period in the past few years, thanks to the mild weather and sporadic rains. While April is generally seen as the month when the summer load starts building up in the city with demand crossing the 4,000MW mark, the highest load recorded this time was 3,779 MW on April 10.Usage of air-conditioners was minimal this month, with power sector experts saying that the intermittent rainfall in several days played a big role in bringing down the electricity demand in the city. Temperatures were also comparatively lower, which also played a part in controlling power consumption.On April 29, 2012, Delhi recorded a peak demand of 3,265 MW while the peak demand on the corresponding days in 2011 and 2010 were 4,066 MW and 4,116 MW, respectively. \"There has been a sharp decrease in power demand noticed in several days in April as compared to similar days in the previous years. On an average also, consumption has been lower. Delhi has not even crossed the 4,000MW mark in April, which is a normal trend every year,\" said a senior official.The demand has seen various ups and downs last month and there have been days when consumption on certain days in April were higher than last year, but on an average the total power consumption has been lower than previous years. \"The year 2010 was an unusually hot year where discoms reported an increase in power consumption of up to 25%. But if we compare overall consumption pattern of April with previous years, the present year has been recorded marginally low temperatures,\" said an official. For example, the peak consumption on April 26 was 3,550 MW, while last year on the same day, it was 3,732 MW and in 2010, it was 3,958 MW, according to SLDC.Delhi normally records its higher power consumption in July. Last year, however, the peak demand of 5,028MW was recorded on August 2. In previous years, the peak demands were normally recorded in July when humidity levels in the city were highest and air-conditioners on at full-swing across all quarters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12961328", "title": "Plot to kill inmate at Indore jail fails, one hurt in firing", "text": "INDORE: A plot to eliminate an inmate at the jail to avenge a murder during the meeting hours of the visitors failed on Tuesday morning on the high-security central jail premises here.Panic prevailed on the jail premises when a visitor to an inmate allegedly opened fire on an inmate during meeting hours injuring an accomplice. Three of the four accused involved in the incident managed to flee the spot brandishing a firearm leaving behind their injured accomplice. The incident took place at the central jail when Aasu Thakur, Rahul Barik, Lokesh and Nilesh alias Nikki came to meet an inmate Kishore Bhagwat on Tuesday morning.They had gone to the jail to inquire about the hearing date of another inmate Shiv Tunda for reportedly allegedly avenging the murder one Rahul Tolani, who was the brother of Lokesh.However, when the fousome was meeting Kishore, two more persons reached there to meet Tunda at a distance from them. The accused suddenly opened fire at Tunda but the bullet missed him because he was standing behind the grill.They opened fire again before fleeing the spot and the bullet hit in the leg of one of their accomplices Nilesh alias Nikki.Hearing the commotion, a crime branch cop rushed to the spot to stop them and had a narrow escape in the firing. Nikki has been admitted to the MY Hospital.Nilesh is undergoing sentence at the central jail in connection with a murder and he was out on bail.Talking to ToI, ASP (crime branch) Manoj Rai said that the incident took place at around 10.20 am when hundreds of people had come to meet their relatives and friends in the central jail. Among them were the visitors of inmate Kishore %Bhagwat. Something transpired between them and then they exchanged heated arguments at the spot. Then, one of them allegedly fired at the accomplice from a small firearm and fled the spot.\"They again fired while running towards the entrance where a constable with the crime branch, Amar Singh , was standing. When Singh tried to stop the fleeing accused, they opened fire at him also but the bullet missed him,\" said Rai adding that the accused fired three rounds and managed to give a slip to the constable.The accused then came up to main road and snatched away a motor bike bearing registration number MP09 JU8238 from one Ajay Kesari at gun point and escaped from the scene. Between jail and Bhandari mills, the trio opened four rounds before speeding away.Jail Superintendent Dinesh Nargawe said that Kishore Bhagwat is in jail for the last seven years in connection with an attempt to murder. Prior to this, he was in district jail and was shifted to central jail only about one and half year ago. Nikki's role in the incident is being investigated. The police have booked all of them under Section 307 of IPC on the complaint of the constable.A manhunt has been launched to nab the trio.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12957747", "title": "Brick kilns pose health hazard to North Nagpur residents", "text": "NAGPUR: With Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) turning a blind eye and Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) Asi Nagar zone ignoring repeated violations, brick kiln owners are continuing to flout the law and pollute the environment in North Nagpur.\"Owing to unchecked discharge of effluents in streams and emissions from illegal units, residents of Dixit Nagar and Kalamna Ring Road are facing constant pollution,\" said former corporator Habib-ur-Rehman.Already affected due to fly ash pollution from nearby Koradi Thermal Power station, residents of Samta Nagar, Sonole Layout, Kadkeshwar Nagar, Takshashila Nagar, Dixit Nagar, Nara, Kalamna Ring Road and other localities situated on the banks of Pili river are fed up of pollution from over 50 brick kilns situated in North Nagpur.\"These kilns bake bricks using primitive technology of burning coal and cow dung cakes. Besides, low-cost fuel including waste oil, tyres, battery cases are also used to fire bricks, causing significant air pollution,\" said Rehman.\"Thick black clouds of smoke billowing out of chimneys in brick kilns can be seen hanging over surrounding areas. Hundreds of brick kiln workers, including children and women , are also exposed to health hazards as they continuously inhale the polluted air,\" said nearby resident Madhukar Nagre.\"These brick kilns have made our lives miserable, we can barely breathe,\" said Nagre. He said the kilns use rubber and plastic items besides coal, resulting in unbreathable air.Ansari pointed out that most of the units operate after dusk and hence pollution from these places goes unchecked. Besides, owners of these units also do not fill up their excavations, inviting mishaps during monsoon, he said.Dr Milind Mane, a resident of North Nagpur, said the kilns emit many pollutants, including carbon monoxide, sulphur dioxide, nitrogen oxides and particulate matter due to burning of coal. \"This leads to respiratory ailments like bronchitis and asthma. These polluting chemicals attack the body's immune system, affecting its ability to fight infections,\" he said.Dr Mane also pointed out that fly ash from nearby Koradi Thermal Power Station is also brought to the kilns, adding to the pollution. \"Fly ash from KTPS is being transported to these units to make bricks and it has increased pollution manifold,\" he added. \"Long-term exposure may result in liver and renal diseases and even cancer ,\" said Dr Mane.He suggested all brick kilns should be shifted away from populated areas and brick kiln owners should be directed to introduce environment-friendly technology.Even after many complaints, the Asi Nagar zone is not taking any action against these kilns, alleged former corporator Manoj Sangole.When TOI approached Asi Nagar zone's assistant municipal commissioner Ashok Patil, he refused to divulge details of number of kilns operating in the zone and said these units generate jobs for poor people. \"Moreover, if any person has any health related problems then they should shift to other places,\" he added.When approached for comments, regional manager of MPCB refused to comment, saying he was very busy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "12956854", "title": "Two die in Vizag Steel Plant furnace blast", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: On a day when workers celebrated May Day, two contract labourers from Bihar were burnt alive and two others sustained serious burns following a blast in the newly-commissioned blast furnace unit of Visakhapatnam Steel Plant (VSP) on Tuesday afternoon. Several other workers who were present in furnace III ran away in panic on hearing the deafening sound.The blast occurred at 3.30 pm when an earthmover (poclain) was deployed to remove slag which was stuck in the blast furnace. The workers were inserting a big steel rod to remove the slag through a hole when the slag along with hot metal at a temperature of 1,500 degree Celsius gushed out and fell on the poclain. \"The blast that followed damaged the machine completely, killing two contract labourers on the spot,\" sources said. The victims were identified as poclain supervisor Santosh Kumar Das, 45, and operator Suman Kumar, 35, of Bihar.The impact of the blast was such that the poclain got completely melted. Fire brigades were rushed to the unit but even after fighting for five hours, the raging blaze could not be brought under control. Sources said feverish efforts were on to cool off the spilled hot metal worth crores of rupees.Steel plant employees' union leader Adinarayana blamed negligence on the part of the management for the series of mishaps in the plant.Workers trapped in VSP furnace\"The bodies of the workers were 'melted' beyond recognition. About 40 to 50 tonnes of hot metal had spilled out from the blast furnace. The blast might have occurred when water came in contact with the hot metal,\" employees' union secretary N Rama Rao told TOI.He pointed out that the workers usually clean the slag through slag granulation plant, which is yet to come into operation at the new furnace.The deceased workers were employed by Neha Construction Private Limited, which has more than 150 employees working in the entire steel plant.\"There was no way for the labourers to escape from the furnace as the hot metal gushed out at a great speed and fell on them,\" sources said.A spokesman of Rashtriya Ispat Nigam Ltd, the corporate entity of VSP, said the mishap was unfortunate and added that the reasons for the accident were being ascertained.The newly-erected furnace III worth Rs 1,800 crore was commissioned on April 24 as part of the 6.3 million tonne expansion plans of VSP at a cost of Rs 12,500 crore.Officials said the new unit was the biggest blast furnace in entire Asia. The daily production of hot metal in furnace III is 7,150 metric tonnes - the capacity of the other two blast furnaces is 4,500 MT each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12960149", "title": "Probe into dumping of blood units near railway crossing", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A two-member team of UP State AIDS Control Society (UPSACS) reached here on Monday to probe into the issue of dumping of 13 blood units near North Malaka railway crossing on Saturday. The blood units were issued by the blood bank of Swaroop Rani Nehru Hospital.The team comprising Ashok Shukla and Ramesh Kumar stated that the blood units were found to be expired. But these were not disposed properly through bio-waste disposal measures.District tuberculosis officer (DTO) OP Shahi told TOI that 13 blood units, including four plasma units and four used packets were found dumped near the railway crossing. When the matter came into the notice of health authorities, they had set up a probe into the issue. Initial investigations revealed that the dumped units were expired. The team members have been probing as to why the expired blood units were not disposed of properly who had thrown the units near the crossing.Shahi maintained that the 12 blood units had SRN Hospital blood bank labels while one had the label of local blood. The team members have traced the names of patients who were issued the units.The locals claimed that some blood units had drip sets attached.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12961383", "title": "Mapillai Vinayagar", "text": "The first-look images and publicity designs of director Sriram Padmanabhan's second venture, titled Mapillai Vinayagar, is out.The film stars Jeeva in the lead, and has Santhanam, K Bhagyaraj, Urvasi, Pandiyarajan, Manobala, Mayilsamy, Vatsan, Singamuthu, Shanmugarajan, FM Balaji and Srinath in important roles. While Abishek and Lawrence, who scored music for Sriram's debut venture Doo, have been roped in this time as well, C R Mara will handle the cinematography.\"The film is a humorous take on the life of a guy who fears he won't get married at all. It's set in Karaikudi, and we will go on floors in June,\" says the director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12962600", "title": "Businessman attempts suicide at Taj Hotel in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 48-year-old businessman allegedly attempted suicide in a five star hotel here apparently depressed over financial disputes with four businessmen and subsequent court cases, police said today.Ravinder Singh Bawa, who resides in Karol Bagh, checked into Room No 708 of Taj Hotel on Mansingh Road near India Gate on April 30 where he allegedly consumed alcohol laced with poison, a senior police official said.Police came to know about the incident when a doctor at Jeevan Nursing Home in Karol Bagh said that Bawa was brought to the hospital in an unconscious state after consuming poison.According to the doctor, he was brought into the hospital by his family in an unconscious state with froth coming out of his mouth. Hotel staff had informed the family about the incident.He is recuperating in the hospital.A suicide note was recovered from the hotel room in which he alleged that he had a financial dispute with four businessmen and there were cases in the court.Bawa's wife also told police that he had borrowed money from several people and there were court cases in this regard which led to his depression, the official said.A search in his hotel room yielded two empty alcohol bottles, a broken glass and a bottle of water.A case of attempted suicide has been registered against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12958575", "title": "Labourer kills self after hacking wife", "text": "CHENNAI: A construction worker committed suicide fearing police arrest after he murdered his wife at Guduvanchery on Sunday.Police said labourer Vasu, 55, of Urapakkam, hacked his wife Saraswathi, 47, when she had asked him money for their daughter Guna's bangle ceremony. The couple had argued when their son Satish was away for work and Vasu attacked his wife, killing her. Fearing police action, Vasu immediately locked his house from inside and hanged himself. Police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12958763", "title": "Helen &amp; Margarita ready to drill, but statue freezes govt", "text": "BANGALORE: The government now has approximately 180 days to take a final call on shifting Dr Ambedkar's statue. Helen and Margarita, the two tunnel boring machines (TBMs) drilling through the underbelly of Bangalore, will run into the statue. By this weekend, they will be relaunched from Central College station towards Vidhana Soudha station and then towards Minsk Square.Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation (BMRC) officials told TOI the TBMs are ready to be relaunched together, from the eastern end of Sir M Visvesvaraya station, the stop between Central College and City Civil Court. The distance between Sir MV station and Vidhana Soudha station is about 700m, and BMRC has done a number of calculations on the estimated time for the machines to drill through this distance.According to BMRC sources, it will take them no less than six months to reach Vidhana Soudha. Helen, the first TBM, started its journey from Majestic, near Kempe Gowda bus station, from June 2011 and showed up at Visvesvaraya station on March 3, 2012. Margarita, the second machine, started whirring through rocks in August 2011 and completed its first leg by March 8. The machines covered a distance of about 925m.It took about 50 days to dismantle the machines, change a few cutter blades and put them back again. BMRC initially planned to make them drill the twin tunnels straight up to Minsk Square station, which means the TBMs would not have to halt at Vidhana Soudha station and be dismantled again.If the statue is not shifted, the TBMs will have to be dismantled again at Vidhana Soudha station, towards the Vikasa Soudha gate, and parts have to be taken by shafts and launched from General Post Office end; the distance between these two stations being only a few meters would mean time and cost overrun.However, the row over shifting the statue does not seem to end. Months ago, chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda and his entire cabinet gave the green signal to shift the statue, which is in front of Vidhana Soudha, inside the campus of government buildings, until the underground tunnels and station at this location are complete.But there is no promise made on paper, so BMRC's underground engineers have also been unable to blast rocks around the statue, to prevent it from developing any cracks. BMRC officials say they have been carrying out controlled blasts, which are the latest technology and very safe, but they fear causing any damage to statues of national heroes. Blasts have not been conducted around a 25m radius of the statue, which indicate that rocks will hinder the smooth passage of the TBMs.The delay has cost the exchequer quite heavily. The total time for this underground work is scheduled to be 174 weeks, which is about three years. BMRC is looking towards the High PoweredCommittee in the Union urban development ministry to pressure the government to take a decision on shifting the statue before the machines come close. The committee is headed by the BMRC chairman, who, incidentally, is the ministry secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12961623", "title": "Aamir Khan on 'Diya aur Baati Hum'", "text": "Aamir Khan visited the set of 'Diya Aur Baati Hum' for a promotional sequence for his upcoming show Satyamev Jayate.Aamir Khan shot with the entire cast and crew of the show and spoke to them about his upcoming show on STAR Plus. The actor who bough bangles and jooti's for his wife Kiran on the set also tried Sooraj's Hand made Jalebi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "amethi", "code": "12962106", "title": "Rahul Gandhi cuts short visit to Amethi, leaves for Assam after boat tragedy", "text": "AMETHI: Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi on Wednesday cut short his visit to his parliamentary constituency here and rushed to Assam where over 100 people died in a boat tragedy in Brahmaputra.The Congress leader, who had to fly from here for Delhi in the evening, winded up his three-day visit in the forenoon and left for Assam, Congress sources said.The review meeting of Jagdishpur assembly segment, which was scheduled to start around 11am, was advanced and got underway at 9am after which Gandhi left for the Fursatganj airstrip, the sources said.Gandhi had arrived here on April 30 for the first time after UP poll debacle to review the party's performance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12960641", "title": "Miracle girl Pooja's one hand may work", "text": "SURAT: She can eat, write and even design like most of us do. The difference between Pooja Gupta and others lies in the fact that she uses her legs. Both her hands are non-functional since birth. However, a ray of hope has now emerged for 14-year-old Pooja from the city. She is under examination of doctors at All-India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), New Delhi for the past 10 days. The doctors have expressed hope of getting her one hand functional. If everything goes well, this gritty differently-abled girl will be able to eat with her own hand after 14 years of tribulation.If a classmate asks her to apply henna on the former's hands, Pooja does it perfectly with her feet within a few minutes by holding the mehndi cone between her leg thumb and fingers and pressing it gently.\"It is routine work for me. I had practised it hard to use my feet as hands,\" Pooja said. Dr Vishwamitraji of Shree Ram Sharnam, a religious organization, had spotted Pooja eating with her legs at a function. \"Vishwamitraji decided to get Pooja checked at AIIMS. Vishwamitraji has 22 years of experience as an ocular microbiologist at AIIMS. It was found during Pooja's medical examination that she had got affected before birth as her mother ate some harmful medicine during pregnancy. Thus her hands could not develop,\" said Disable Welfare Trust of India (DWTI) president and Padma Shri awardee Kanubhai Tailor.\"We got Pooja thoroughly checked at AIIMS and after several MRI and other tests it is found that her one hand can be made functional partially if operated upon. We are yet to take a decision on her surgery. It will be decided after discussion with DWTI,\" said Shree Ram Sharnam devotee SS Kapoor.\"We all are excited to know that Pooja's hand can be made partially functional. We will go for surgery if her hand can be made functional,\" Tailor said.\"I am happy to know that at least my one hand can be made functional. I am waiting to use my hand,\" said Pooja over telephone from New Delhi.Pooja's parents had disowned her immediately after her birth. After four years, she was brought to DWTI's school in the city and is being trained to tackle the life with disability.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12957853", "title": "May first week to be pleasant too", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If you enjoyed the rainy days in April, you may revel in the fact that even May would be an enjoyable month, as the irregular rains and thunderstorms will continue for a few more days, predicts the Chandigarh Meteorology department. The intensity, however, would be limited to a partly cloudy sky and light rainfall with probabilities of thunderstorm. The weather on the first day of the month remained cloudy with pleasant winds keeping the temperature low.UT Met director Surender Pal said, \"There are some weather systems, with rain and thunderstorm, which will hit the city in the coming days, thus bringing light rain and thunderstorm. From next week, the temperature may begin to rise.\"This comparative change in weather is being attributed to the western disturbances that prevailed over the last month by the met department.During April, the city witnessed around nine thundershowers and most of them were irregular. A few days had a bright sun shining in the sky while rainfall and thunderstorm continued simultaneously. The met officials said the city experienced abnormal temperature in April, as the mercury rose when it normally had to be low and dipped when it normally is supposed to rise.The weather on Tuesday, however, brought along a reason to merry for city residents.Somya Sharma, an animation student said, \"The temperature in May last year was quite high and walking was a nightmare during day time. But, the cold winds this year are a welcome change.\"\"I hope the weather remains the same throughout the summer. We will not have to wait for the sun to go down before going out for a walk,\" said Geerish Negi, a BCom final year student.Tanvi Garg, a Class XI student said, \"It is good that the weather is pleasant, otherwise it gets difficult to spend time even at the school. You can't even go out and play.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12957048", "title": "Kunte to meet AMCs to chart future course", "text": "MUMBAI: Sitaram Kunte began his second day as Mumbai's municipal commissioner by paying his respects at Hutatma Smarak, on the occasion of Maharashtra Day, along with the mayor. The day was spent attending various functions celebrating May Day.From Hutatma Chowk, Kunte headed to Shivaji Park where the state government had organized celebrations to mark the 52nd anniversary of the formation of Maharashtra, where the governor and chief minister were present. Kunte then headed to the mayor's bungalow. He spent his afternoon at the CM's residence where he met members of the Maharashtra Chamber of Housing Industry.On Wednesday, Kunte will have a meeting the additional municipal commissioners to review various departments of the civic body. \"The meeting with the AMCs will take place in the morning after which he will decide how to take things forward. He is also likely to meet department heads during the course of the week. The first thing he is likely to look at during the week is the monsoon preparedness. He will hold a review meeting on what has already been done and what remains to prepare the city for the monsoon,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12956636", "title": "Dead rhino at Delhi zoo sparks anthrax fear", "text": "NEW DELHI: The death of a rhinoceros at the National Zoological Park, Delhi, has triggered an anthrax alarm as the animal showed symptoms of the bacterial disease which is fatal in most cases.The male rhino, Junior Raja, around four years old, was found dead on Saturday morning. He had bled from the ears and nostrils, leading officials to suspect anthrax. If tests by the Indian Veterinary Research Institute, Bareilly, and National Centre for Disease Control confirm the suspicions - it could be a week before results are in - Junior Raja will be the first victim of anthrax infection in the city.Anthrax spreads through spores that may be inhaled, ingested or through broken skin on a carrier. Herbivores commonly catch the spores during grazing.The zoo will remain open and there is no threat to visitors, authorities said. \"The carcass has been burnt and the ashes buried deep. The zoo has taken preventive action. Plus, visitors are always at a distance from animals and can't touch them,\" said B S Bonal, member secretary of Central Zoo Authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12963498", "title": "Me, RGV's muse? Out of question: Nathalia Kaur", "text": "While many firang heroines are busy trying their luck in B-town, sizzling hottie Nathalia Kaur is in the news not just for her sexy item song in Department, but also because of the man who has cast in the film! Yes, it's none other than Ram Gopal Varma . The maverick director, who is known to film his heroines in the most tantalising manner has done it again in Department - this time in an item song.So, is Nathalia happy to be RGV's muse? \"Me and his muse, that's out question,\" reacts Nathalia, before she explains, \"Look I do not understand this muse thing. I am this lively person who loves to emote in front of the camera. And to me a muse reminds me of an inert statue, which I am definitely not! That said I must say that RGV is an amazing person, with a superb intellect and the little I've worked with him, I am hugely impressed.\"Confessing that she knew little about the man before this film, Nathalia adds, \"I had heard about him during the making of 'Not A Love Story' and had met him informally then. When he was making Department I got a call and I am happy to have got this chance.In fact, in this film I have a song, but he's taken me for his next film in a full fledged role and that's keeping me really excited. The shooting will begin soon and I am really looking forward to it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12956450", "title": "Hyderabad gets high on IPL betting", "text": "HYDERABAD: It's a multi-crore game that is being played out in the city these days. And it's not men in jerseys but professional punters who are manning the field here. With the fifth edition of the Indian Premier League (IPL 5) underway, these men have padded up to either make a few quick bucks or walk back to the pavilion with a duck on their scoreboards. Sources reveal that as many as 2,500 bookies are on the job across Hyderabad fixing bets to the tune of crores everyday. While Begum Bazaar is the hotbed of this off-the-ground match of moolah, other areas such as Himayathnagar, Basheerbagh, Banjara Hills and Ramkote too have doubled up as nesting zones for these punters, sources say.The new season, apart from 'beefier' bets also has fresh favourites. Move over 'mana' Team Hyderabad and Team Chennai bookies are now showcasing the Sehwag-led Team Delhi as possible champions. The side has so far won seven of the nine games played. \"The opening rate for Hyderabad to win is Rs 16 (for every rupee invested) as against Delhi's 80 paise,\" said a punter pleading anonymity. Delhi is closely followed by Kolkata and Punjab. But considering that the season is only halfway through (36 of the total 76 matches have been played until now) the equations could well change over the next weeks, the betting `kingpin' claimed. On his list of 'clients' this year are not just businessmen and industrialists but also young professionals and students from wealthy families of Hyderabad.Punters say it's the April 12 Chennai-Bangalore match that saw maximum action in the local circuit. The nail-biting finish, thanks to Jadeja-Bravo's 16-run partnership, was followed by bookies registering some whopping business. Chennai, chasing a total of 205, was 58 runs away from victory at the time of the 24th delivery. \"In the last few balls alone people betted a few crores of rupees,\" said another punter adding, \"That was the biggest dealing of the season so far.\" Team Chennai triumphed with four wickets remaining.But while ball-to-ball bets are common place, it's the 'toss and win' format that's fast picking up this time around, reveal sources. There is huge betting on city streets for every coin tossed. \"The hottest 'toss' bet right now is on the local side. It has been predicted that the team will win most of the tosses,\" said a bookie. The side has won the toss six of the nine times it took to the field.The police, however, maintain they have no such information. Tarun Joshi, DCP (central zone), which includes Basheerbagh, said that his department has not been informed of any such activity. \"We are unaware of betting here. If we are informed about a certain case, we can raid the area and nab the miscreants,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12966808", "title": "Rs 26L plan for hi-tech security at Beur jail", "text": "PATNA: Beur Central jail, located on the outskirts of the state capital, will soon have a hi-tech security system with the help of 56 new state-of-the art close circuit cameras (CCTVs) and a new software developed by the National Informatics Centre (NIC). The project will cost around Rs 26 lakh.A team comprising NIC's state head Santosh Kumar, senior technology director SK Sharma, DDG-NIC R P Saxena, some others and BCP Singh, director, prisons (industries) visited the jail in this regard on Wednesday.Director (prisons) Singh, who is also the nodal officer of the project, told TOI, \"The jail will be monitored by 56 CCTVs with night vision technology. A team of NIC is visiting the jail to identify strategic locations for the installation of the cameras with new software.\"The new cameras would be fitted near the gate of the jail, boundary walls, in the meeting rooms as well as at other strategic points to keep a watch on the inmates, their visitors and the security personnel deployed there. Incidentally, the 33 CCTVs installed by the Electronic Corporation of India Limited in 2008 have been lying out of order for the last one year.The newly-developed software will be working in two ways. The integrated software will be divided into two parts called prison management system and visitors management system. The cameras and the software will be installed soon as the state prisons department has got the nod from the Union government.A team headed by DDG-NIC Saxena, looking after prisons security system in the country, has developed the software which will centrally connect all the central jails and bring the details of inmates and visitors online. There will be zero paperwork as the software will store all the data regarding each inmate of the jails. It will cover prisoners' registration, movement and release, besides capturing the prisoners' photographs and storing them with the database. It will also help capture illegal visitors within the jail premises.Once the cameras and the software are installed, it would be difficult for the inmates to violate the law, the sources said, adding some more security tools and gadgets related to safety and security inside the jail would ensure fullproof hi-tech security system.The feed of the security system will be monitored by the NIC state head and the IG, prisons, on a regular basis. Gradually, the software will be installed in six other central jails of the state.Incidentally, the Beur jail has a total of 1781 inmates, of which 1718 are males and 63 females.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12956806", "title": "Christian bodies booked for floating ponzi scheme", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state police have registered cases against 14 Christian organizations and individuals for floating money circulation schemes and duping people. These organizations and individuals have been charged with luring innocent people to invest their money in various schemes with the promise that their investment would be doubled in a short period of time. The victims were also promised various incentives if they induced others to join the scheme, police sources told TOI.In all, 79 cases of such money circulation schemes were filed against 14 organizations on March 3, 2012. Of these, the CID is probing 18 cases (C. No 2549/C-12/CID/2011) while the remaining are being investigated by the district police. While the money circulation scheme have originated in Ongole, 12 cases were booked in Prakasam district followed by 11 in Guntur rural police district. Seven cases each were registered in Guntur Urban, Kurnool and Nellore and six in Warangal rural.Several pastors in Warangal and Prakasam districts were involved in the money circulation racket. According to CID sources, promising to pay the investors double the amount after 11 months, some pastors collected deposits from the community people in the name of a trust in Ongole. Based on a complaint lodged by the victims that they were duped, police arrested Gangarapu Anil Kumar of Vaddepalli in Warangal town who worked as a pastor at Damera in Elukaturthi mandal in Karimnagar district.During inquiry, police came to know about the involvement of many other pastors. Following a complaint that Narsampet pastor Wilson Peter too, collected money in the name of a trust, police registered a case against him. Similarly, they booked a case against David, a pastor at a church at Chalvai in Govindraopet mandal.Police are inquiring about others involved in the scandal. The pastors had been telling people that their trusts were receiving money from foreign countries and that they were launching such schemes for the benefit of the poor. According to the cops, in Prakasam alone, Rs 300 crore was collected in the name of the scheme.The CID sources claimed that as an incentive to people to invest in the scheme, the organizations took many of them to Bangkok , Pattaya, Singapore and other countries in the name of promotional trips and organized conferences and meetings there. One particular focus of the scheme was to convince the existing members in such schemes to bring in more people so that they could gain financially.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "12959223", "title": "\u2018Road rage\u2019 sports car registered as bike in Punjab", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: The team of APMC police officials that had gone to Punjab to inquire about the registration number of a sports car involved in a road rage case here has come back without any breakthrough. Assistant inspector Irfan Shaikh of the APMC police told TOI that the vehicle number 'PB 03 0111' was registered in the name of one Girish Kumar Singla for a Yamaha motorcycle in 1989. The address is also incomplete and misleading.\"The red-coloured sports car which had fatally knocked down Shekhar Singh Tomar (27) on Palm Beach Road was a new-looking model. We were surprized to find out these details at the Bhatinda RTO in Punjab,'' said Shaikh.In a bid to solve the case, the police are now appealing to residents of Navi Mumbai to inform them about red sports cars they know about,On March 20, Tomar was purposely hit by the red sports car at Arenja Corner in Vashi after he and his friend rebuked the driver for reckless overtaking. Tomar was returning from a party he had thrown in Panvel to celebrate his impending fatherhood when the incident occurred. His wife Kavita is expecting their baby in September.The victim's brother-in-law, Sandeep Chauhan, said, \"It looks like the accused was using an incorrect numberplate. We are appealing to all citizens to inform the police or the media if they know anything about the sports car we are searching for. The culprit must be found and punished.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12958593", "title": "LPG supply hit as workers on summer break", "text": "CHENNAI: The city is facing an acute shortage of domestic LPG cylinders. Oil companies say the distribution has slowed down as contract workers involved in distribution are on vacation.Due to the shortage in supply of domestic LPG cylinders from oil companies, homemakers have a waiting period of more than 20 days for a refill. While those with a second cylinder don't face problems, people with single-cylinder connection are the worst-hit. Power outages make it worse as people cannot use their microwave ovens or induction stoves that work on electricity.\"It is during the school vacation that I can cook some good food for my son,\" said M Lakshmi, a resident of Adyar. \"Rationing of LPG makes things difficult.\" Shortage has been reported from across the city and suburbs. The worst affected residential areas include Royapettah,Triplicane, Adyar, Velachery and Villivakkam, where people have not been getting a refill for 30 to 50 days. There are several LPG dealers in these neighbourhoods, but to no avail. In an average house with four members, one cylinder lasts about a month.According to the rules, a person with two cylinders can book for a refill only 21 days after the previous booking. Many consumers who fail to get cylinders on time depend on the black market, which always has a surplus of cylinders. Consumers allege that dealers create an artificial shortage and extend the waiting period to more than 50 days so that they will be forced to buy cylinders in the black market. Recently, TOI had reported that Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) booked 34 dealers in the city, in 244 raids over five years, for diverting 34,807 domestic cylinders for commercial use, and fined them 5.49 crore.A senior official of IOC said staff shortage was the main reason for delays in delivery. \"Due to the summer holidays, a good number of labourers handling cylinders are skipping work. But this would be resolved soon,\" he said.LPG distributors say the problem started with the recent LPG tankers strike. \"We have a backlog of bookings, as there is a shortage of supply from oil companies. Instead of the required 400 to 500 cylinders, we are able to provide only 300 cylinders a day,\" said an LPG dealer in Adyar.Captain R S Jagadeeshan, vice- president of All India Indane Distributors Association, admitted that there is a shortage of LPG cylinders. \"There is a waiting period of 35 to 50 days,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12958302", "title": "Disclose reports on Kudankulam plant safety: CIC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Reports relating to safety, site evaluation and environmental impact assessment of the controversial Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant should be made public, the Central Information Commission has said. The commission, however, allowed certain portions that have been exempted from disclosure under the RTI Act to be kept secret.The commission also directed Nuclear Power Corporation of India Ltd to publish safety analysis reports, site evaluation reports and environmental impact assessment reports prepared by the department before setting up any nuclear plant within 30 days of receiving them as part of mandatory disclosure clause of the RTI Act.\"There should be a declaration on the website about the parts that have been severed, and the reasons for claiming exemption as per the provisions of the RTI Act,\" information commissioner Shailesh Gandhi said.The decision was in response to an RTI application filed by S P Udayakumar, who sought copies of safety analysis report, site evaluation report and environment impact assessment report, for Reactor I and II of the plant. Gandhi said disclosure of the reports would provide a comprehensive perspective to citizens about holistic understanding of the Kudankulam project including environment, health and safety concerns.\"It would enable citizens to voice their opinions with the information made available in the said report. Such opinions will be based on the credible information provided by an agency appointed by the government. This would facilitate an informed discussion between citizens based on a report prepared with their/public money,\" he said.The NPCIL had objected to the disclosure, citing exemption clauses section 8(1)(a) of the RTI Act which allow it to withhold information related to security, strategic and scientific interests of the state and section 8 (1)(d) as disclosure could compromise commercial confidence. Gandhi said officials could not explain how disclosure would come under these exemption provisions.Udayakumar argued that such a disclosure would serve larger public interest and cited examples of the US, the UK and Canada where reports of the same nature were classified as public documents in order to ensure public debate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12957412", "title": "Literary fest for juniors", "text": "MUMBAI: St Anthony's School in Chembur wore a festive look recently as students from various schools converged at the venue to attend the two-day literary fest organized by Writer's Bug in association with Times NIE.According to the organizers Richa Sethi and Priya Rajve, \"The aim of the fest was to expose children to good books and to promote the habit of reading. Today, we have many Indian authors but the awareness is very low. We wanted to provide a platform where children can interact with the authors.\"The April 21-22 fest was a fun-filled event with workshops, musical storytelling session and so on. Participants were divided into different age groups, age appropriate events were held for each group. Authors like Deepak Dalal, who has penned travel tales with titles like Andaman, Ranthambore, etc termed it as a delightful experience. Author and illustrator Natasha Sharma used sound effects during her storytelling session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12958728", "title": "Change of guard at Kudankulam, Sundar new site director", "text": "CHENNAI: At a crucial juncture when the much-delayed Kudankulam nuclear power plant is nearing completion, the Nuclear Power Corporation of India (NPCIL) has appointed a new director for the project.R S Sundar, who was station director at Kudankulam, has been promoted as site director in place of Kasinath Balaji, who has been made executive director (light water reactor operations) and posted in Mumbai.Due to retirement of some officials in the NPCIL, top-level changes have been effected at the Kudankulam plant as well. While Sundar would be replaced by Harinarayan Sahu as station director, S V Jinnah would replace Sahu as the chief superintendent.Confirming his appointment, Sundar told TOI he would assume charge as site director soon. \"I have already started doing the duties of a site director and after I receive orders, I will take charge,\" Sundar said.Sundar takes charge of the plant at a time when the first reactor is expected to attain criticality by month-end. \"A tough job is ahead of us. But we are confident of going ahead with our plans to operationalise the first unit. It is also of a new technology,\" Sundar said.\"A technical team of the Atomic Energy Regulatory Board has checked the reactor and we are expecting a high-level team to inspect it before giving its approval for fuel loading,\" he added.A native of Tirunelveli district, Sundar (54) obtained mechanical engineering degree from the Coimbatore Institute of Technology and underwent one-year training in light water reactors at the Bhaba Atomic Research Centre's training school. Sundar took charge as additional chief engineer of the Kudankulam plant in 2002. \"I want to demonstrate that the reactor is absolutely safe, economically viable and environmentally friendly in terms of production of electricity,\" Sundar said.Protesters opposed to the plant have re-launched their indefinite fast at nearby Idinthakkarai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12959232", "title": "Civic chief to meet AMCs, department heads", "text": "MUMBAI: Sitaram Kunte began his second day as Mumbai's municipal commissioner by paying his respects at Hutatma Smarak, on the occasion of Maharashtra Day, along with the mayor.Kunte then headed to Shivaji Park where the government had organized celebrations to mark the 52nd anniversary of the Maharashtra's formation, where the governor and chief minister were present. Kunte then headed to the mayor's bungalow. In the afternoon, he met members of the Maharashtra Chamber of Housing Industry at the CM's residence.On Wednesday, Kunte will meet additional municipal commissioners. \"The meeting with AMCs will take place in the morning after which he will decide how to take things forward. He is also likely to meet department heads during the week. The first thing he is likely to look at is monsoon preparedness,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12959117", "title": "12 swanky buses in BMTC fleet", "text": "BANGALORE: Twenty-seven buses - 15 from the Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) stable and 12 from Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation (BMTC) - rolled on to the city roads on Tuesday.Five ordinary and three Pushpak Plus eco-friendly buses and four Volvos joined the BMTC fleet. The four Volvo vehicles will be run on the Vayu Vajra route to Bengaluru International Airport.During the current financial year, KSRTC plans to induct 919 buses including 75 Express services, 40 Karnataka Vaibhavas, 30 multiaxle, 30 non-AC, 10 Corona Sleeper, 164 ordinary and 37 rural transport buses, and operate on 350 new schedules.\"We have planned to set up five satellite depots at Sullia in Dakshina Kannada, Vijayanagara in Mysore, Hassan, Challakere and Udupi, and bus stations at Peenya, Nidagatta, Kalasapura, Sakrayapatna, Magadi, Pollibetta, Puttur and Hanur,\" said home and transport minister R Ashoka, who is also chairman of KSRTC and BMTC.\"Tourists from outside the state often praise the high standards we have maintained in our transport network,\" said CM DV Sadananda Gowda said, inducting the swanky buses into the fleet of the corporations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12960623", "title": "Double murder accused tantrik nabbed", "text": "SURAT: Arvind Rathod, a tantrik, accused in the double murder case of April 1, was arrested exactly a month after the crime from near Kim crossroad by Mandvi police on Tuesday. The accused was on the run after the murder of Dharmesh Parmar, 35, a powerloom owner, and Mahesh Godhani, 42, a tuition teacher. He had some monetary dispute with the victims and hence had them killed by his aides Ramsing Vasava, a forester, Chiman Chaudhary, a Mandvi resident, and Vinod, who have since been arrested.Rathod claimed to have been blessed with supernatural powers and was into illegal medical services that he operated from his house at Kadod village near Bardoli for the past four years. Police believe that Rathod was also a money lender. He had borrowed huge amounts from the victims and when he failed to repay them, he got the two killed.Deceased Parmar and Godhani, both residents of Adajan area in Surat, used to go to meet Radhod at Kadod village. Family members of the victims informed police that the two were taking some medication from Rathod.On April 1, Parmar and Godhani had gone to Kadod. Parmar took a friend's car while Godhani went on his motorcycle. When the duo did not return home till late night, their family members informed police.Parmar's body was found from Kadavali village near Jaghadiya in Narmad district on April 7.Police investigation revealed that Parmar was murdered by Ramsing Vasava, a forester in Vyara division. Vasava was arrested and he named Rathod as the key planner.Vasava informed police that Godhani was also killed and his body was thrown in a sugarcane farm on Kadod-Mandvi road at Jankhla Birama village. Mandvi police found Godhani's body too.Rathod's residence was raided by the police but he escaped. Police arrested Vinod, aide of Vasava, for helping in the execution of murder and disposing of the bodies. Vasava and Vinod are followers of Rathod and were offered a Rs 5 lakh contract to murder the two, police investigation revealed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12957981", "title": "858 unidentified bodies recovered in four months", "text": "NEW DELHI: As many as 858 unidentified bodies have been recovered in the city in the past four months, prompting Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit to take up the issue with home minister P Chidambaram on Tuesday.Sources said Dikshit had conveyed her concern to Chidambaram over the recovery of such a large number of unidentified bodies in the city in a few months and urged him to direct police to examine the issue seriously.Dikshit said the recovery of the bodies had created panic among citizens. The home minister assured her that he would look into the issue. Delhi Police comes under the administrative control of the Union home ministry.According to the government's Zipnet, 858 bodies have been recovered from Delhi this year till today. The highest number of 210 bodies were recovered from north Delhi while 104 bodies were discovered in central Delhi.In northeast and outer Delhi, 56 bodies each were recovered while northwest and west Delhi had 49 each, east 44, southeast 48, south 39, New Delhi 30 and southwest 24. Last year, a total of 3,337 bodies were recovered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12964094", "title": "Andhi Mazhai Megam is Kazhugu director\u2019s next", "text": "Sathya Siva, director of Krisha and Bindu Madhavi starrer Kazhugu, is all set with his second directorial venture Andhi Mazhai Megam.Andhi Mazhai Megam story revolves around the lives of construction workers, who will be part of the crew erecting a 40 floors shopping mall. \"Andhi Mazhai Megam will start rolling in Rameswaram from June. The story shows the reality their lives in an entertaining manner,\" said Sathya Siva.It is also reported that director Sathya has met the construction staff to add more realism to the script. \"I hope Andhi Mazhai Megam will also be received by the audiences well,\" signs off Sathya. However, the cast and crew of Andhi Mazhai Megam are not finalized yet.Source: Way2movies.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12958330", "title": "The new Gurgaon-Faridabad road is an invitation to disaster", "text": "GURGAON: The Gurgaon-Faridabad road is fast emerging as an accident-prone area. While seven people died and five were injured in seven accidents on this stretch during the whole of last year, in just three months of 2012 three people have lost their lives and one was injured in four accidents.According to police, speeding is the main cause of accidents on this newly constructed road connecting two major cities of Haryana. Cops say commuters drive at almost double the permissible speed limit on this stretch.Another issue is the absence of streetlights and proper signages on the road. PWD officials claim that installing streetlights is not part of the concession agreement between the state government and Reliance Infrastructure, the private developer building the road.A TOI team went to the road for a reality check on Tuesday to see the possible causes of accidents. During the journey it was found that commuters were driving at speeds higher than necessary without even slowing down at turns, which were blind in many cases. Vehicles were changing lanes without proper indications and overtaking other vehicles.The absence of streetlights was also noticeable during a major part of the journey. Lighting was found only at a few intersections and the area where a toll plaza is coming up.When contacted, N K Garg, superintending engineer, Haryana Public Works Department (HPWD), said the completion certificate had not been given to the private developer yet. Garg added that there is no provision of installing streetlights in the agreement, but high masts would be installed at four-five places. Civic agencies of both cities might install lights at intersections under their municipal limits.A cab driver said it was quite difficult to drive during night hours due to the darkness and vehicles moving with high beam. Drivers are solely dependent of the vehicles' headlights, he added. Also, the traffic rush goes up after 9pm when restriction on movement of heavy vehicles is lifted.On the road leading from Faridabad to Gurgaon, an interceptor of Gurgaon traffic police was spotted at one place. A policeman said around 40-50 challans were issued here on a daily basis. He also said that many motorists have been caught driving at 137-140kmph while the speed limit is 80kmph.Traffic in-charge Vijender Hooda said commuters lacked patience while driving on the road. When compulsive overtaking takes place, accidents are bound to happen. He said that streetlights would definitely help ease the situation.DCP (traffic) Bharti Arora said, \"Traffic police will intervene if streetlights are not put up by the private developer.\" Rohit Baluja, president, Institute of Road Traffic Education, said, \"High beam at night may lead to accidents as it blinds the drivers coming from the opposite direction. Even if streetlights are not installed on the entire stretch, there is need put up proper signages and reflectors which will help in guiding the drivers about the turns. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12958347", "title": "Power situation improves in Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: Residents of Coimbatore are heaving a huge sigh of relief as there is a dramatic improvement in power supply. During the worst period, the city suffered a 10-hour power cut daily. This has come down to about an hour daily. On some days there is no power cut at all.Relatively heavy summer rains and improved wind have increased power production consequently reducing the outages. For the past three days industries and residences have had continuous power supply.\"It was a pleasant surprise to find that the authorities did not cut power in the last few days,\" said Ram Babu, a resident of Ramnathpuram. With the ten-hour power cuts, he said his daily schedule was completely affected. \"I could never sleep well during the power outages. The children suffered because they were unable to study. Besides, the heat was unbearable. Thanks to the recent rains and strong wind, we have our life back again,\" he added.Industries are also thrilled about the minimal outages. \"We were able to run the full shift for four days without any disruption in power supply,\" said J James, president, Tamil Nadu Association of Cottage and Tiny Enterprises. Industry had faced huge losses due to the frequent cuts and they are hoping to recover their losses now. However, there is no official announcement from the government regarding the reduction is outages, so it is hard to know what the real situation is, he said.When contacted K Kastoorirangian, Chairman, Indian Wind Power Association, said the winds have been strong during the last few days. On Saturday 110MW of power was produced, which improved to 1308MW on Sunday and as of Monday1580MW of energy was supplied to the grid. The power production is likely to increase in the coming days although it is unclear how much of the wind energy will be put to use.On Monday, officials asked the wind mill owners to remove their connection from the grid, as they claim there is excess power in the grid and they could not take anymore wind energy. However, if the power cuts and holidays are done away with, they can easily evacuate the power and wind energy could be further utilized.Chief Engineer, A Thangavelu, Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation, TANGEDCO, said that the power generation has improved in the last three days thanks to the rain and wind energy, which helped to improve the situation. He said due to rain the power utilised for agriculture has reduced drastically.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12958054", "title": "Brothers held in Patel Nagar for 13 car thefts", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two brothers allegedly involved in at least 13 cases of car theft were arrested in central Delhi. Aftab, 20, and Shehzad, 25, both natives of Meerut in Uttar Pradesh, were apprehended from Patel Nagar last week. Police seized a country-made pistol, two cars and three two-wheelers, all of them stolen, besides a bag containing 45 keys of cars.\"We have solved 13 cases with their arrest. The accused along with his brother and cousins used to operate as a gang,\" said Devesh Srivastava, additional commissioner of police (central).The gang consisted of five to six persons, including an auto mechanic. \"They used to come to Delhi in the evening in a car and at midnight they would force open the lock of the vehicle to be stolen.\"They would make a duplicate key on the spot with the help of a key-cutter, among other tools, and then switch on the engine by connecting the ignition wires using their own expertise developed over the years,\" he said.\"They used to steal 2-3 vehicles during the course of the night and after changing their numberplates, keep them at parking lots.\"The next day, someone from the gang would drive away the vehicle and hand it over to one Akram in Meerut,\" Srivastava said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12958551", "title": "They\u2019re making a cheat out of me: Yeddyurappa", "text": "BANGALORE: The tension between chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda and his predecessor B S Yeddyurappa was palpable at the Basavashri awards ceremony here on Tuesday.Yeddyurappa invoked Akka Mahadevi's vachanas (poetic works of the 12th century): \"If you build a house near the forest, why fear the animals? If you build a house near the sea, why fear the waves? If you build a house in a public place, why fear the noise? If you are in public life, why fear criticism? I think some vachanas were written keeping me in mind.\"Reacting to the clapping his recitation evoked, he said: \"Did I say anything wrong? Can't I speak the truth about what people are trying to do to me? I am not afraid of criticism. People are trying to make a cheat out of an honest man like me.\"\"My dharma has never been to cheat, but honest people like me are being projected as cheats,\" Yeddyurappa said. He then turned his ire on former Lokayukta Santosh N Hegde. \"When I went to jail, no one debated it. But when the court gave me a clean chit, Hegde ran to TV channels to debate the order. It was as if people were trying to send me back to jail.\"\"Is it wrong to be born a Veerashaiva? I am sure Basavanna (saint and philosopher) will help me see good days.\" he said. The 20-minute outburst left the chief minister, housing minister V Somanna and others stunned. Soon after finishing his speech, Yeddyurappa made a hasty exit.Sressing on Basavanna's principles, Gowda said: \"Individual pursuits should be part of the social pursuit. There should be no quarrel among people. Walls of mistrust have to be broken, there should be sharing, and the world should be a peaceful place to live in.\"He quoted poet G S Shivarudrappa: \"A lamp need not light up the entire world. If it can give enough light to enable me and you to see each other, that's enough. We can then walk together.\"Later, speaking to reporters outside Ravindra Kalakshetra, the CM made an oblique reference to Yeddyurappa: \"Everybody should focus on building social strength, not just individual strength.\"The strain in the relationship was evident even before the programme began. Gowda draped a shawl around Channaveera Kanavi, and gestured to Yeddyurappa to garland the poet. But the former CM stepped back and asked minister Basavaraj Bommai to garland Kanavi instead.Yeddyurappa sat with anger all over his face. When the Suttur seer, seated between them, left to attend another function, Yeddyurappa and Gowda didn't even look at each other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12958707", "title": "Congestion on city roads delaying ambulances", "text": "CHENNAI: Several more lives are being lost on city roads as ambulances are taking longer to get to the spot in the last three months due to bottlenecks. The Emergency Medical and Research Institute, which handles ambulance services in the city, says the delays are because of congestion caused by one-ways and infrastructure works, such as Metro Rail and road repairs.The agency's records show that the average response time has increased by more than two minutes, from 11.5 minutes in the last quarter of 2011 to 13.29 minutes in the first three months this year. Response time is the gap between the ambulance receiving the call to it reaching the spot. In some areas, the average response time has gone up to eight minutes, which could make a life-and-death difference to trauma patients.While it takes up to 30 minutes for some neo-natal ambulances, regular ones take an average 15 minutes to reach emergency locations. For instance, the average time it takes for an ambulance near Raj Bhavan, which covers 5km in and around Guindy, has nearly doubled to 13.23 minutes this quarter, from 6.77 minutes in the last quarter of 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12958086", "title": "No clarity on Bus rapid transit trial runs", "text": "NEW DELHI: With less than a fortnight left for the court-mandated study of the bus rapid transit corridor at Ambedkar Nagar-Moolchand, there seems to be no clarity on when the trial runs will begin.A government official said Central Road Research Institute (CRRI) had not given a timeline for the start of the trial runs, which will allow free flow of traffic on all lanes, irrespective of whether it's the dedicated bus lane.CRRI, however, says it's waiting for a letter of consent to come in from the government on the changes to be implemented on the BRT corridor for the study. Dr S Gangopadhyay, director, CRRI, said, \"A timeline will be possible as soon as we get the letter. We hope to start work on the trial runs very soon.\"A source said the confusion over who would foot the bill for the physical changes in the corridor had delayed the process so far.The trial runs were to start this weekend, according to the original schedule. A senior government official said, \"The fund for the work on the corridor will be taken care of by CRRI. It's part of the terms of reference of the study for which we are paying the research agency a fee.\"Gangopadhyay said, \"The funding issue has been sorted out. We will issue a revised estimate (of the fee) to transport department for the work we will be undertaking for the trail run.\" CRRI is planning to hire an agency to carry out the physical work.Monitoring of the corridor during the trial run will be done by CRRI officials, as well as observers from transport department and DIMTS, which manages the BRT corridor at present.For the experimental run, bollards or temporary fences will be put up on the dedicated bus lane to allow the smooth flow of traffic on both sides.CRRI is also proposing to make a separate lane at the Saket intersection, when coming from Chirag Dilli, for right moving traffic besides the existing lanes. A corresponding right lane will be carved out at Chirag Dilli intersection as well.Temporary bus shelters will also be constructed on the left side for buses moving on the left lane.Gangopadhyay said, \"One of the two bus shelters near each intersection will be kept operational for buses turning right, while the other shall be cordoned off for the movement of traffic.\"Signages for the movement of traffic will be put up along all the six intersections on the corridor for better management as well.Apart from the physical changes, CRRI will also change the signal cycle during the trial run. A signal cycle is the time light changes from green to red and then back to green again.Along with the experimental run, CRRI will also run a queue length and speed-and-delay study alongside. The latter is the journey time from point A to B, including the delay that is caused in the journey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12962509", "title": "SC allows release of Italian ship Enrica Lexie", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday allowed the release of Italian merchant navy ship Enrica Lexie subject to compliance of certain conditions.The apex court allowed Italian ship Enrica Lexie to be released after the Italian government assurec that it would produce the four naval guards as and when needed as witnesses to the alleged shooting by two other naval guards on February 15.Two naval guards on board the merchant vessel Enrica Lexie had allegedly opened fire on an Indian fishing boat killing two fishermen off the coast of Kerala.The Supreme Court has asked the ship owner and Indian agent to furnish an undertaking before the Kerala high court that they would produce in any court or before any lawful authority the crew members of Italian ship as and when their presence was required.The SC also asked the ship owners to furnish a bank guarantee of Rs 3 crore before the HC. Once the conditions were met, the ship could sail out of Indian waters, the apex court added.Italian government had taken the position that the shooting incident happened in international waters needing the issue to be resolved by an international fore.But in the face of serious objections by Union of India and Kerala government, Italy agreed to produce the naval guards.The SC said the marines have a right to challenge the order of summon in Indian courts.Meanwhile, the Italian government on Tuesday clarified to the Supreme Court that the compensation paid to the families of killed fishermen was not blood money to save the accused marines from prosecution but international humanitarian assistance to help rebuild their lives.The SC had on Monday questioned the clause in the agreements with the families of the two killed fishermen and the fishing boat owner which asked them not to participate in any court proceedings related to the cases arising from the February 15 incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12958695", "title": "Taps dry in Virugambakkam, supply to resume in two days", "text": "CHENNAI: Residents of Natesan Nagar in Virugambakkam, whose taps went dry recently after a major pipeline in Porur ruptured, will have to wait for at least couple of days more to get drinking water.Metrowater officials said the pipeline had been repaired but supply would be delayed as water from the main feeder pipeline in Porur would take a day or two to reach taps in the affected areas in Virugambakkam. A few days ago, the Porur feeder pipeline burst due to excess pressure. Based on complaints from residents in the locality, officials of the Chennai Metrowater attended to the problem and rectified it by Sunday evening.\"It is common for pipelines to burst during summer as there is high pressure,\" a Metrowater official said. \"The continuous pressure leads to pipelines bursting at some spots.\" \"The older pipelines are more prone to ruptures as they cannot withstand the pressure,\" he added. \"We attended to the problem and fixed it by replacing a valve.\"Metrowater officials said they are ready to provide drinking water by tanker lorries as an alternative until consumers in the locality get piped water supply.However, residents of affected localitiessaid they either did not have the time to wait for the tankers to collect water or, those like senior citizens, would be unable to stand under the sun for water. \"My wife and I are too old to carry buckets of water from a tanker lorry on the road,\" said S Raghavan, a senior citizen.Some residents have managed without water supply over the past few days by using water stored in sumps. However, they said the water is unlikely to last till they get piped water if it takes two more days. \"It should not take so long to repair a pipeline. We have been forced to buy water from private suppliers,\" said K Santosh, a resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12957306", "title": "SC takes over case of Rajiv Gandhi assassination case convicts", "text": "NEW DELHI: Exactly eight months after the Madras high court stayed their execution, the Supreme Court on Tuesday transferred to itself the petitions of three Rajiv Gandhi assassination case convicts, who are seeking commutation of death penalty to life imprisonment.Death row convicts Perarivalan, Santhan and Murugan had alleged that the 11-year delay in deciding their mercy pleas, which were rejected by President Pratibha Patil last year, constituted serious breach of their right to life and hence, they deserved commutation of sentence to life term. They were scheduled to be hanged on September 9 last year but the HC had stayed their execution on August 30.A law student, L J K Venkat, had moved the apex court with a public interest litigation seeking transfer of the three appeals, saying that soon after the stay order was dictated, there was slogan shouting in the HC premises and bursting of crackers outside.He had claimed that the atmosphere was so surcharged that it would frustrate a fair hearing in the case. He said the situation was further aggravated by the Tamil Nadu assembly resolution seeking mercy for the three death row convicts.A bench of Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhaya allowed Venkat's plea for transfer of the pending appeals from Madras HC to the apex court and scheduled further hearing on May 10.Perarivalan, Santhan and Murugan had contended that the delay of 11 years and four months in the disposal of their mercy petitions made the death sentence \"unduly harsh and excessive,\" amounting to violation of their right to life under Article 21 of the Constitution. \"Death sentence after 20 years of incarceration was unjust and inhuman,\" they had pleaded.The apex court bench of Justices Singhvi and Mukhopadhaya had recently concluded hearing in appeals filed by two similarly placed condemned prisoners - Devender Pal Singh Bhullar and M N Das, who had also challenged the President's decision to reject their mercy pleas on grounds of long delay.The court had scrutinized in detail the delay on the government's part in taking a final view on the mercy pleas. Counsel for Bhullar and Das had argued that long pendency should be an automatic reason for commutation of death penalty to life imprisonment as the person suffers inexplicable mental trauma waiting for the final day.On May 21, 1991, Rajiv Gandhi was killed by an LTTE suicide bomber at Sriperumbudur in Tamil Nadu just before addressing an election rally. On November 8, 1997, the designated TADA court convicted all 26 accused and sentenced them to death penalty.On May 11, 1999, the Supreme Court upheld death penalty to Nalini, Santhan, Murugan and Perarivalan alias Arivu but commuted to life term the capital punishment given to Robert Payas, Jaya Kumar and Ravichandran. Importantly, it acquitted the remaining 19 of all charges. It rejected their review pleas in 2000. Nalini's death penalty was later commuted to life term.But the government took 11 years to decide their mercy pleas and only on August 11 last year did the President reject them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12962779", "title": "Obama frustrated with Pakistan: Expert", "text": "WASHINGTON:US President Barack Obama appears to be frustrated with Pakistan, which is reflected in his address to the nation from Afghanistan, an eminent American expert on South Asian issues said today.\"The President's frustration with Pakistan and its lack of cooperation in Afghanistan came through in his remarks. He said Pakistan should be part of the process to stabilise Afghanistan,\" said Lisa Curtis of The Heritage Foundation.She was commenting after the US President delivered his remarks from Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan marking the first death anniversary of al-Qaida leader Osama bin Laden.\"I have made it clear to Afghanistan's neighbour - Pakistan - that it can and should be an equal partner in this process in a way that respects Pakistan's sovereignty, interests and democratic institutions. In pursuit of a durable peace, America has no designs beyond an end to al-Qaida safe-havens, and respect for Afghan sovereignty,\" Obama said.Curtis said a major attack in Kabul a few weeks ago linked to the Pakistan-based Haqqani network is a reminder that terrorist sanctuaries in Pakistan continue to threaten stability in Afghanistan.\"Pakistani military leaders must be convinced that pursuing a broad crackdown on violent Islamist groups in the country will strengthen Pakistan's economic and political outlook and overall regional position,\" Curtis said.Pakistani military leaders have so far resisted cracking down on Taliban and Haqqani network sanctuaries largely because of their failure to envision a new strategy that both protects Pakistan's regional interests and uproots support for terrorist activities and ideology, she said.\"Islamabad's practice of relying on violent Islamist proxies in Afghanistan (and India) has backfired badly on Pakistan and there is increasing recognition among Pakistanis that a Taliban-dominated Afghanistan would likely have a destabilizing impact on Pakistan,\" she said.\"US officials must build on this sentiment by convincing Pakistani leaders that unless they use their resources now to force the Taliban to compromise in Afghanistan, Pakistan will suffer from an emboldened Taliban leadership that will project its power back into Pakistan,\" she said.\"Moreover, Pakistan will face increasing isolation and lose credibility with the international community for continuing policies that encourage terrorism and endanger the safety of civilized nations,\" Curtis said.Curtis said a Taliban victory in Afghanistan would also strengthen Islamist extremist forces in Pakistan, thus undermining civilian democracy and emboldening hard-line elements within the Pakistani security establishment, which controls the country's expanding nuclear weapons arsenal.\"Rather than basing US strategy on long-shot talks with Taliban leadership, Washington should focus its attention and resources on building up anti-Taliban elements that share the US interest in preventing Afghanistan from serving as a safe haven for international terrorists once again,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12959062", "title": "No headway in Madurai bomb blasts investigation", "text": "MADURAI: On May 1 last year, a low intensity bomb exploded in a dust bin near a liquor outlet close to Mattuthavani Integrated bus stand.The blast had come in the wake of repeated demands to relocate the outlet as it was close to a mosque. Exactly a year later, another blast of a similar nature has sent scare among the residents. The city saw three more incidents of police frantically diffusing three more bombs detected at the last moment on a tip-off from public in 2011 and 2012 while one explosion occurred in 2010. In all, the city witnessed six incidents of bombs exploding or being detected since 2010.On October 28, 2011, the police detected a pipe stuffed with seven kg of explosive gelatin gel planted underneath a low level bridge at Alampatti near Thirumanagalam in the suburbs of Madurai hours before BJP leader L K Advani was set to travel over it as part of his Jan Chetna Yatra. A month before that, around midnight on September 28, the police found a bomb under a seat in a state transport corporation bus. September 29 was the death anniversary of Imam Ali, a Muslim extremist who was gunned down in a police shootout at Bangalore in 2002. On December 7, 2011, a similar bomb was found on a bus at Thiruvathur. In 2010, on his death anniversary, a crude bomb was detected.But for the pipe bomb case, the police have made little breakthrough in bringing to book the culprits behind. \"We have cracked the pipe bomb case. Three persons have been arrested, while we are on the lookout for three more accused including the prime accused 'Police' Fakrudeen,'' said Pradeep V Philip, ADGP, Special Intelligence Unit, that was entrusted with the investigations of the case. \"We are following certain leads. We will nab the trio soon,\" he said.In rest of the cases, the police appear to have met a dead end. The police say they have gathered certain evidences and are pursuing them. \"But we have not got any conclusive evidence,\" said an officer. Police neither rule out nor confirm the possibility of international terrorist organisations in these incidents that could have provided the expertise to extremist elements in Tamil Nadu or India.In the three cases where the bombs were detected before explosion, there were striking similarities. \"The three bombs were of low-intensity, used timers and wrapped in plastic containers. They were planted in anonymous locations careful enough not to cause any damage. However, just because the modus operandi was similar, we cannot conclude that the same person or gang was behind all the incidents,\" a senior police officer said.Experts have confirmed the use of potassium chlorate, sulphur and charcoal in these explosives. These materials are widely used for making firecrackers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12957770", "title": "PIL in high court against meat unit near Shegaon", "text": "NAGPUR: The city-based Sukrut Nirman Charitable Trust, working for protection and welfare of animals, has filed a PIL in Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court against setting up of a meat processing and cold storage unit on the outskirts of temple town of Shegaon in Buldhana district.The PIL has been filed by M P Khajanchi, counsel for the petitioner, and social worker Kanakrai Savadia, claiming to be in the interest of thousands of citizens who visit the pilgrim town and residents of Taroda where the unit is slated to come up.The PIL has challenged proposed meat processing and cold storage of meat of Shahin Frozen Foods. The sub-regional office of the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB), Akola, has given consent for the unit with a capacity of 1,200 tonnes per month and cold storage of meat and vegetables of equal capacity.According to the petitioner, in order to keep 1,200 tonnes capacity of the meat unit operational, about 10,000 to 12,000 large animals will need to be slaughtered. As per the 2007 livestock census, there were only 16,047 buffaloes in Buldhana district. The number must have gone down further in the last five years, the PIL says. Under such circumstances, if the meat unit is granted a nod, lakhs of animals that deserve love and compassion would be slaughtered, it claimed.The petition also pointed out that it was surprising that the consent to establish the unit does not contain anything about disposal of solid wastes which would be generated by the meat processing unit.The petitioner submits that similarly, water used for cleaning of carcasses, equipment and working place needs to be treated. Treatment of effluents is not taken care of and the MPCB seems to have blindly granted consent to establish the unit. It would lead to pollution of local water sources, the petition said.Pollution of water sources would lead to water-borne diseases affecting local residents. To prevent such a situation, the petitioner has demanded that the consent given to the proposed unit be withdrawn.The PIL submits that Article 48 of the Constitution casts duty upon the state to organise agriculture and animal husbandry on modern and scientific lines, and, in particular, to take steps for preserving and improving the breeds and prohibit slaughter of cows and calves, and other milch and draught cattle.The petition also raises serious question on sharp decline in the population of milch and draught animals due to their indiscriminate slaughter, whose protection has proved boon to agriculture sector and ultimately the mankind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12971513", "title": "Mani Sharma bags Pawan Kalyan\u2019s CGTR", "text": "Earlier it was reported that music director Devi Sri Prasad was approached by director Puri Jagannath to compose music for his next flick, Cameraman Ganga Tho Rambabu. But looks like Mani Sarma has been finalized the filmmakers for the job as DSP is too busy with his prior commitments. Mani Sharma has worked with Pawan Kalyan in films like Kushi, Balu, Gudumba Shankar, Teen Maar et al and now he is set to score tunes for Cameraman Ganga Tho Rambabu.Power Star Pawan Kalyan is playing the lead in this film touted to be a news room drama. The actor who has just finished shooting for Gabbar Singh is expected to start shooting for the film in a weeks time. Meanwhile, Puri Jagannadh's Devudu Chesina Manushulu also reached the final leg of shooting.Tamannah is playing the lead in the film, which is being made on Universal Media banner with DVV Danayya as the producer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12957889", "title": "Supreme Court permits lottery allocation of hawking space by New Delhi Municipal Council in Connaught Place, Sarojini Market", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday permitted the New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC) to conduct a lottery on May 10 for allocation of 386 identified spaces to vendors and hawkers from among 628 applicants in different market places, including Connaught Place and Sarojini Market.However, a bench of Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhaya said its endeavour would be to provide hawking or vending space to every registered hawker/vendor. \"It is impossible for any system to satisfy all human needs but some mechanism has to be evolved to satisfy maximum people,\" it said.The bench accepted the NDMC's suggestion, put forth by senior advocate Rakesh Khanna, who said ,\"NDMC will allot 386 available spaces to 628 people by lottery as per the Scheme for Urban Street vendors of NDMC, which was approved by the Supreme Court on March 17, 2007.\"Khanna said for the remaining people - out of 628 that are 242 - the vending committee under the scheme would identify the spaces within 15 days and these would be placed before the apex court for approval and allotment through lottery.The bench did not agree with the counsel for some vendors who wanted the exercise of identifying spaces and their allocation through lottery to be conducted by an independent committee. The bench said one has to trust someone at some level and rejected the plea for independent committee.But, it wanted the NDMC to adopt transparent and acceptable criteria in making a list of vendors in order of seniority and warned the civic body officials that it would take action if it detected any wrongdoing in the process of allotment, identification of spaces and their allotment through lottery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12957599", "title": "Punish customers only after proper probe: Activists", "text": "MUMBAI: Consumer activists ask insurance companies to exercise \"due diligence\" before cancelling \"fraudulent\" mediclaim policies lest a genuine claim is incautiously thrown out. They also emphasize that the penalty should not be made a stick to harass policyholders with.In the last six months, the New India Assurance Company Ltd has cancelled about 30 mediclaim policies after it was found out that the customers were paid against bogus claims.Shirish Deshpande of the Mumbai Grahak Panchayat said, \"Legally of course, an insurance company has the right to cancel a policy of a customer who makes a fraudulent claim. However, if consumers feel that the insurance company's decision was incorrect and based on wrong facts they can take legal recourse.\"Gaurang Damani, who has filed a public interest litigation in the Bombay High Court on the subject of insurance claims, said, \"A person committing fraud should face the music. At the same time, insurance companies should set up a mechanism to ensure that stringent action against third party administrators who wrongly reject claims.\"Damani argued that on many occasions the con is pulled off not by the policyholder but by his or her hospital or agent. \"Such cases should be handled carefully to avoid harassment of innocent customers,\" he said.In any case, experts say, the consumer can either move the Insurance Ombudsman or a court of law to appeal against the insurer's decision. Dr M S Kamath of the Consumer Guidance Society of India said, \"It is a fact that a large number of fraudulent claims are being filed in connivance with hospitals. As a result, genuine consumers are suffering since higher the claim ratio, the bigger will be the premium charged by insurance companies.\"Kamath pointed out that, in the last 15 years, insurance premium has got increased by five to seven times. In the United States , he added, the police make serious efforts to convict those committing insurance fraud. In India, however, even insurers do not deal with the cases severely.Kamath said that insurance companies should desist from cancelling health policies unless the evidence against the customers is irrefutable.Times ViewI nsurers have iterated for some time that bogus claims are a huge menace and bleed them dry; they have backed up their claims with numbers. Consumer rights protection groups, however, say they have many more examples of harassment by insurance firms. Both sides may have a point. Insurers have the right to take stringent action against policyholders who file false claims but need to be more sensitive to the needs of the genuine claimant. Running around and spending time just to recover the rightful insurance sum is an entirely avoidable trauma when someone from the family is in hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12957568", "title": "3 brothers drown in open trench along Mithi river", "text": "MUMBAI: Three pre-teen brothers - two twins and one of another pair of twins - drowned on Tuesday afternoon in a deep ditch dug along the Mithi river at Kapadia Nagar in Kurla (W) while trying to retrieve a cricket ball.A civic contractor, Shyam Narayan, had got three trenches dug to store water for building safety walls along the Mithi. The Kurla police have booked him and unnamed MMRDA officials under section 304(A) of the IPC (causing death by negligence) for not following safety measures and properly barricading the deadly ditches.Around 12.30 pm, two sets of twins from a family that lives in Kalina Dongar in Santa Cruz were playing cricket on the strip of land between the Mithi and the trenches when the ball rolled into one. \"One of the four brothers stepped into the trench to take it out but slipped. Seeing him drowning, two other brothers jumped in to save him but they too drowned,\" said deputy commissioner of police (Zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni. Abdul Rahim Chaudhari and Abdul Karim, both 8, and Abdul Aziz, 12, died.As the three thrashed about in the water and screamed for help, Abdul Aziz's twin, Abdul Haq, ran home to inform their parents. \"It was too late. Before the victims' parents could reach the spot, the three children had drowned. We received information from locals around 1pm. Police and fire brigade teams rushed to the spot and fished out the three bodies by 2pm,\" said Kulkarni.Anger rose in the area as news of the tragedy spread. Local residents pelted stones and smashed the windshield of a JCB parked near the trench. Police calmed them before the situation went out of control.Abdul Aziz was a class six student while Abdul Rahim and Abdul Karim were in class three of a civic school. Their mother was inconsolable when she and her husband, Abdulla Chaudhari, came to Bhabha Hospital to take the siblings' bodies.Abdul Haq, who witnessed his three brothers dying, was in shock and kept saying he was not at the place where the mishap took place. \"Abdul Haq is the witness in the case. He is in shock and was unable to properly describe the incident,\" said Kurla police inspector R D Jadhav.Abdulla Chaudhari, a daily wage labourer, stays with his wife and children, all twins, in a slum in Kalina.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12956970", "title": "Lease lands policy revised", "text": "MUMBAI: In a decision expected to impact redevelopment of scores of properties in Mumbai, the state administration has decided to levy a premium on redevelopment of lands leased by the government.The state revenue department will impose a premium of up to 10% of a plot's market value on redevelopment proposals for leased lands.The proposal, which will be applicable for lease lands across the state, could come up for discussion at the state cabinet meeting on Wednesday. The proposal comes barely two weeks after a Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) report came down heavily on the government for mismanagement of revenue lands leased to private institutions and trusts.The decision also has special bearing on close to 1,200 leased lands in Mumbai; many among which are vying for redevelopment. A number of these have been allocated at nominal rents for lease terms that extend to 90, 99, and 999 years. Some have even been allocated in perpetuity. These include lands allotted to various gymkhanas (most of them situated in South Mumbai), hospitals, and educational and religious trusts, housing societies, business houses, among others.Justifying the move to levy a premium, the department has pointed to a rising trend of redevelopment of such properties.\"Value of the land rises manifold after redevelopment. The Maharashtra Land Revenue Regulations, 1966 and other laws applicable to such lands lack provisions to collect premium. As a result, the government does not benefit at all from the redevelopment despite being the plot ownerof the plot,\" the proposal says.According to the department's proposal, A premium of 7.5% of the market value would henceforth be applicable for redevelopment of plots meant for residential, educational, and religious purposes, whereas, 10% in other cases.Besides all new redevelopment proposals, The policy will also be applicable for proposals sanctioned six months before it comes into force. An NOC would have to be procured from the revenue department within six months for such cases, the proposal states. A penalty amounting to another 5% of the market value would be imposed on those missing this deadline. An additional premium of up to 10% will be collected for additional built-up area sanctioned over and above the permissible base FSI.A penalty of 1% of market value will be collected annually for delays in initiating and completing the redevelopment work. Also, the premium, in such cases, would be computed on the basis of the prevalent market value on the day work commences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12958220", "title": "Workers hold May Day rally in Panaji", "text": "PANAJI: Workers from across the state took part in a massive workers' rally held in the city to celebrate International Labour Day.The May Day rally, which was led by the All India Trade Union Congress (AITUC) along with the other unions, began from Kadamba bus stand in Panaji and culminated at the Azad Maidan in the city where a public meeting was held.Thousands of workers from various industries, factories, mines, shipyards, port and dock and commercial establishments as well as government and semi-government employees marched through the city. Some were playing musical instruments while others were shouting slogans and waving colourful banners and posters to celebrate May Day.At Azad Maidan, the rally was addressed by Christopher Fonseca, general secretary of AITUC. Fonseca criticized the policies of the state government for \"completely neglecting\" the issues of the working people in Goa. He said that despite assurances and promises, the BJP government had not resolved any issues of the workers in Goa. Fonseca further said the system of contract labour employment was also being utilized by the government departments and demanded that all contract workers be regularized.He demanded that the government should immediately enhance the minimum wages to 10,000 per month for unskilled workers. Prasanna Utagi, R Mangueshkar and Suhaas Naik also addressed the gathering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12958283", "title": "Goa coastal zone management authority told to reply to Vasco playground issue", "text": "PANAJI: National green tribunal, New Delhi, has directed the Goa coastal zone management authority (GCZMA) to file its say over a complaint regarding the reclamation of a low-lying paddy field for a school playground, barely 10m from the high tide line on the Vasco sea/river front.Tara Kerkar, chairperson of NGO Savera, had complained against the state and three others, including GCZMA, alleging that the reclamation in the CRZ area, serving as a catchment and balancing reservoir for the low-lying area of the port town, may have serious environmental consequences.When the matter came up for hearing on April 26, the principal bench comprising expert member R Nagendran and Justice Amit Talukdar ruled that the status quo on the project at Non Mon, Vasco, will continue till the matter is disposed of. GCZMA, as a respondent, is needed to decide the matter. But it (GCZMA), through its representative, has not appeared in the matter despite being served a notice, the duo observed.While passing an interim order, the tribunal accepted an application filed by Andre A Pereira, a local villager, and allowed him to participate in the future proceedings. Pereira intervened in Kerkar's complaint, stating that he was a local villager and acquainted with the issue. The tribunal had passed an order ordering a status quo on the project in early April.Kerkar, who had filed the complaint in February 2012, had alleged that the government had acquired in November 2010 an area of about 6,200 sq m of the low-lying field adjoining the Arabian sea/Zuari river, for the development of a government village school playground at Non Mon. Incidentally, there are only two private high schools in the area. A total of over 5,367 sq m of the land belongs to the Mormugao comunidade and is shown in Form B/D as tenanted land.The state, director of sports and youth affairs, GCZMA and the contractor were named as respondents.The contractor, who was awarded the work in March 2011, had allegedly started reclaiming the acquired area and even additional properties, though only proposed to be acquired later, without the approval of the GCZMA, town and country planning department and Goa state pollution control board. A compound wall and drainage system was being built without any construction license from the Mormugao Municipal Council. The GCZMA had issued an NOC to the sports department on April 8, 2008, only for the acquisition of the land, she alleged.While praying for scrapping of the project and restoration of the land, Kerkar had stated that the field had served as a natural catchment for more than 30 years. It absorbs more than 3,000 cubic metres of water during the monsoon and its loss would trigger floods, raising danger to people's lives and properties.Pereira, who also intervened as a component of the Mormugao comunidade, stated that the age-old bodies, which existed much before modern states came into being, are absolute owners of the land. Large tracts of comunidade land are reserved for catchment areas, paddy fields, grazing purposes and open spaces for usage and utility of communities.\"There are two lakes and ponds, an irrigation system as well as springs and wells for public drinking purpose in the area under the Mormugao comunidade, he stated in his application.Pointing out that Kerkar had omitted the mention of a lack of a drainage system in the area, Pereira alleged that untreated sewage and other waste is being discharged illegally into the river. He urged the tribunal to pass an order to stop the work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12956830", "title": "Abu Azmi 'hate speech' verdict is first such conviction in state", "text": "MUMBAI: The conviction of Samajwadi Party state president Abu Asim Azmi for giving a speech meant to cause communal clashes is the first of its kind in the Maharashtra of independent India. In the past, several politicians have been in the spotlight for making 'hate speeches' but cases against them either fell by the prosecution wayside or were found lacking in evidence.Azmi-convicted and sentenced for his 2000 speech at a rally in Nagpada on Monday-is also a local MLA who had stunned political circles in the 2009 polls with declaration of assets worth Rs 124 crore, the highest in the city.The court held him guilty of three Indian Penal Code's sections-153 (wanton provocation to cause riots), 153A (promoting enmity between different grounds of religion, race etc) and 153B (assertions prejudicial to national integration). Even as he now prepares to challenge the order, legal experts say the case is significant as it means the police must have gathered cogent evidence to not only establish that Azmi had delivered the speech, but that its contents were inflammatory enough to form the offence as defined in the Indian Penal Code.Adhik Shirodkar, Shiv Sena advocate, said, \"Politicians have learnt to couch their language to avoid committing an offence.\"In the history of pre-Indepdendence India, only illustrious freedom fighter Lokmanya Bal Gangadhar Tilak had been convicted for trying to \"disrupt public peace through words\". But in 1908 when he was tried for his editorials in Kesari, he was only charged under IPC's Section 153A and not what lawyers consider the graver section-153B. This section deals with offence affecting the national integrity by seeking to spread ill-will between different communities based on religion, race, caste, region or language.Convictions are also tough to corner because an accused can only be made to face criminal trial if the government first grants a sanction to allow such prosecution. The time allowed for grant of such a sanction is three years since the date of the alleged offence. The offence is thus time-barred. In one of Bal Thackeray's case under Section 153A, the sanction was not given in three years and, as a result, the case got dropped.Besides, mere speech is not evidence enough. The Supreme Court has held that an accused can only be found guilty if he or she displays 'mens rea' or a guilty intention. \"The intention to cause disorder or incite people to violence is the sine qua non of the offence under IPC's Section 153A and the prosecution has to prove the existence of mens rea in order to succeed,\" the SC laid down.Advocate Sayaji Nangre, who represents MNS leader Raj Thackeray in the cases lodged against him under section 153, 153A and 153B for seeking to disrupt public peace and communal harmony during the railway recruitment board exams in 2008, said that the police often act in haste.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12959066", "title": "They\u2019re making a cheat out of me: B S Yeddyurappa", "text": "BANGALORE: The tension between chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda and his predecessor B S Yeddyurappa was palpable at the Basavashri awards ceremony here on Tuesday.Yeddyurappa invoked Akka Mahadevi's vachanas (poetic works of the 12th century ): \"If you build a house near the forest, why fear the animals? If you build a house near the sea, why fear the waves? If you build a house in a public place, why fear the noise? If you are in public life, why fear criticism? I think some vachanas were written keeping me in mind.\"Reacting to the clapping his recitation evoked, he said: \"Did I say anything wrong? Can't I speak the truth about what people are trying to do to me? I am not afraid of criticism. People are trying to make a cheat out of an honest man like me.\"\"My dharma has never been to cheat, but honest people like me are being projected as cheats,\" Yeddyurappa thundered. He then turned his ire on former Lokayukta Santosh N Hegde. \"When I went to jail, no one debated it. But when the court gave me a clean chit, Hegde ran to TV channels to debate the order. It was as if people were trying to send me back to jail.\"\"Is it wrong to be born a Veerashaiva? I am sure Basavanna will help me see good days.\" he said. The 20-minute outburst left the chief minister, housing minister V Somanna and others stunned. Soon after finishing his speech, Yeddyurappa made a hasty exit.Stressing on Basavanna's principles, Gowda said: \"Individual pursuits should be part of the social pursuit. There should be no quarrel among people. Walls of mistrust have to be broken, there should be sharing, and the world should be a peaceful place to live in.\"He quoted poet G S Shivarudrappa : \"A lamp need not light up the entire world. If it can give enough light to enable me and you to see each other, that's enough. We can then walk together.\"Later, speaking to reporters outside Ravindra Kalakshetra, the CM made an oblique reference to Yeddyurappa : \"Everybody should focus on building social strength, not just individual strength.\"The strain in the relationship was evident even before the programme began. Gowda draped a shawl around Channaveera Kanavi, and gestured to Yeddyurappa to garland the poet. But the former CM stepped back and asked minister Basavaraj Bommai to garland Kanavi instead.Yeddyurappa sat with anger all over his face. When the Suttur seer, seated between them, left to attend another function, Yeddyurappa and Gowda didn't even look at each other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12957824", "title": "Autos from Haryana Punjab to be challaned", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After dilly-dallying on taking action against plying of diesel-run autos from neighbouring states in the city, which defeats the purpose of introducing LPG autos in Chandigarh, the state transport authority (STA) has finally decided to crackdown on autos coming from Punjab and Haryana.STA secretary Balbir Singh Dhol said, \"Unauthorized plying of autos coming to the city will not be tolerated and these will be challaned/impounded. And STA will not be responsible for any inconvenience caused to passengers because of this.\"\"No permit is being granted by this office to petrol/diesel-run auto-rickshaws but it has been found that autos from Panchkula and Mohali are running in Chandigarh causing pollution in the city,\" he added.The STA has also appealed to parents of school-going kids not to send their wards in over-loaded auto-rickshaws, carrying more children than the prescribed capacity, which is five kids.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12960297", "title": "Traffic patrol police to tackle jams", "text": "LUDHIANA: Now, traffic patrol cops will be stationed at sensitive points to check chock-a-block vehicular movement. With the introduction of this new initiative, the traffic wing is hopeful of tackling the traffic menace in city effectively.According to the officials, traffic patrol cops will dissolve jams and take immediate action against violators. Even residents are hopeful that with this initiative their woes will lessen. At present, the department has started three traffic patrol motorcycles on three majors routes - Durga Mata Temple-MBD Mall, Bharat Nagar Chowk-Samrala Chowk and Giaspura Chowk-Jalandhar Bypass.Resident of Model Town, Tapin Malhotra said, \"Traffic troubles are on its peak. There was an urgent need of initiatives like this.\" Bobby Prabhakar, resident of Shaheed Karnail Singh Nagar, said, \"I have not noticed much improvement in traffic problems. And tackling a few roads will not solve the problem, the initiative needs to be taken on a large scale covering more areas.''Charanjeet Singh, resident of Pakhowal road, said, \"I have not seen much change in traffic management. Although we appreciate the effort, but there's no point if the activity is not executed in a disciplined manner.''SHO, traffic, Manjinder Singh said, \"Traffic patrol cops would take immediate action against auto and bus menace, accidents, encroachment, wrong parking and traffic congestion. Their main duty would be to identify a traffic hindrance and solve it as soon as possible.''ACP, traffic, Swapan Sharma said, \"We would increase the number of traffic patrol motorbikes and a requirement for the same has already been forwarded. Besides we have also demanded gypsies for traffic management.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12956610", "title": "Maytas told to pay 1L compensation to each property buyers", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a major blow to Satyam scam tainted realty firm Maytas Properties Ltd (MPL), the Andhra Pradesh State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission (APSCDRC) has ordered the erstwhile Ramalinga Raju family promoted company to repay the money it had taken from nearly 57 buyers of its controversial Maytas Hill County Project and cough up an interest of 12% per annum from the time of payment of the money to its refund.In its order, a three-member bench headed by APSCDRC president Justice D Appa Rao also directed MPL to cough up a Rs 1 lakh compensation to each property buyer along with costs of Rs 10,000 each, Prabhakar Sripada, counsel for some of the aggrieved Maytas Hill County buyers, told TOI.In a major respite for the aggrieved Maytas Hill County buyers, APSCDRC also ordered the banks that had extended them loans to directly recover the disbursed amounts from MPL instead of the beleaguered buyers. Of the buyers who had dragged MPL to consumer court, some had taken loans from banks like Axis Bank , State Bank of India , ICICI Bank and IDBI Bank .\"Whatever amounts were disbursed by banks to the developer have to be repaid by MPL to the banks with interest and penal charges and the banks have to credit this amount to the loanee accounts of the complainants,\" Sripada said, adding that this was a major relief because some banks had advanced loans directly to MPL even in cases where the property was yet to be constructed and after the scam broke, the banks, instead of taking steps to recover the money from MPL, were forcing borrowers to repay.The latest blow to MPL, which early last year was handed over to infrastructure giant IL&FS; by the Company Law Board, comes even as last month APSCDRC had ordered former MPL directors -- Raju's younger son Rama Raju Jr as well as his relative Datla Gopala Krishnam -- to appear before the Commission for sentencing in a case filed by an aggrieved NRI Maytas Hill County property buyer.The matter was later settled out of court with the Rajus agreeing to refund the buyer his money after their attempts to challenge an April 2010 APSCDRC order, that had awarded the buyer a refund of over Rs 63 lakh deposit along with 12% interest per annum and a Rs 5 lakh compensation, in the National Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission (NCDRC), high court and Supreme Court failed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12965095", "title": "Sony launches first ultrabooks, VAIO T series", "text": "Sony is finally joining the ultrabooks fray. The company has launched its first ultrabook series dubbed VAIO T.VAIO T series will come in two sizes -- 11\" and 13.3\" -- and is powered by Intel's ultra-low voltage i3 Sandy Bridge processors. The ultrabooks have a 17.8mm thick brushed aluminum body and up to 9 hours of battery life.Other features include 4GB of DDR3 memory as standard, and 320GB hard drive with a second 32GB SSD. VAIO T Series sports comes HDMI, VGA and RJ45 network ports, plus an SD/MMC media slot and an 1.3 megapixel \"Exmor for PC\" HD web camera. xLOUDTM and Clear Phase technologies are for sound.The company hasn't revealed the pricing.Key specs:* Intel Core-i3 2367M processor * Windows 7 Home Premium 64bit * 4GB DDR3 RAM * 320GB HDD * Intel HD Graphics 3000 * Bundles Adobe Acrobat X Standard", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12959178", "title": "National Tuberculosis Institute validates Hinduja Hospital\u2019s report that 8 infected people are fully drug resistant", "text": "MUMBAI: The National Tuberculosis Institute (NTI) in Bangalore has validated Hinduja Hospital's January report about total drug resistance in eight TB patients. A copy of the report was sent to the state TB department on Monday. \"The DOTS-plus (Directly Observed Treatment Shortcourse ) team will discuss the re por t on Wednesday,\" said state TB officer Dr P Gaikwad. The validation will change little for the patients. \"We may change some drugs or injections for some patients,\" said a civic official.In January, in a letter in the Clinical Infectious Diseases journal, Hinduja Hospital's doctors said they had isolated TDR-TB in some of their patients. Three of the original 12 patients who were diagnosed with TDR-TB died. A central team that flew down to Mumbai held that the cases were extra-extensively drug-resistant TB (XXDR-TB ) and not TDR-TB. The Centre granted special funds and status to Mumbai to control TB. Samples of eight of the original 12 patients were sent to NTI for validation. The NTI report confirmed the patients were resistant to all known firstand second-line TB drugs.BMC officials said that two of these patientswerestillsensitive to one second-line drug. State TB officer Dr Gaikwad said: \"This shows that immunity of the host (patient ) also matters, not just the drug sensitivity to the bacteria.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12958252", "title": "Overhaul of Nationalist Congress Party's state unit under way", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa unit of the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) is headed for a total revamp, following its debacle in the recent assembly elections.NCP general secretary Avinash Bhosale told TOI that the party central leadership has ordered that all committees of the party be reconstituted. The decision follows a detailed report by state party president Surendra Sirsat to the high command about the party's rout in the recent assembly elections. Sirsat submitted the report at a meeting of the extended working committee in Delhi recently.Bhosale said that the state executive committee, the two district committees and all the 28 block committees will be reconstituted soon. The NCP students' wing, the youth wing, mahila mandal and Seva Dal will also be overhauled along with the various cells - the legal cell, the labour cell, etc.Maharashtra NCP MLC Sandesh Konvilkar has been entrusted with the work of overseeing the revamp exercise in Goa and has already spent one week in the state interacting with various party functionaries. Konvilkar also submitted his report on the party affairs in Goa to the high command. Besides, party supremo Sharad Pawar's daughter Supriya Sule also sent a delegation of eight women , headed by Jaishree Patil, to Goa to assess the party's future prospects. \"The basic exercise of rejuvenating the party is on. The core committee will meet this week to work out the modalities,\" Bhosale said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12949975", "title": "Concept iPhone 5 video goes viral on the web", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ever wondered what if the most-touted feature of iPhone 4S --Siri -- could also find out that your phone has been stolen? A new video doing rounds on the web imagines exactly this.The video created by AatmaStudio imagines Apple's artificial intelligence programme Siri disabling an iPhone by cracking its screen after wrong password is entered three times in a row. The assumption is that this of course renders the phone useless to the thief.Wondering what about your data on the smartphone? After the three unuccessfult strikes, Siri quickly transfers your data to your iTunes account; and goes on to wipe out all your information on the phone. You will be notified on iTunes, where according to the site valuewalk.com, the iPhone data recovery is now available only to you. The Siri then amusingly in all courteousness says goodbye before exterminating the iPhone.The video titled \"Siri Hidden Feature on iPhone 5\" comes from the same team which also made concept videos on 'iPad 3'. Earlier this year, the company unveiled a video that had a 3D multiplayer hologram for gaming, a feature that allows a movie to be displayed across two connected iPad screens at the same time, thus enlarging the screen size.The iPhone 5 concept video was uploaded on YouTube on April 27 and, as of April 30, had reportedly gained over 121,000 views. It has also been extensively shared extensively on Facebook.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12957958", "title": "Burgle &amp; burn gang busted, 3 arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: A burglar, known for targeting locked residence of government officials in south Delhi for the last three years, was released a fortnight ago, only to be arrested again.This time, 20-year-old Sanjay alias Sanju, the alleged leader of the burgle-and-burn gang, was held along with his two associates in central Delhi for carrying out five back-to-back burglaries in the Sarojini Nagar area.Sanjay, who had earlier escaped from juvenile homes thrice after being caught in burglary cases, and his associates - Suraj, 22, and Nazim, 20 - were apprehended from GB Road on Sunday by the crime branch, said Ashok Chand, additional commissioner of police, crime. \"We had a tip-off. With these arrests we have solved five cases,\" he said.Sanjay was allegedly involved in over 25 cases of burglary in government flats located around Sarojini Nagar, Naroji Nagar and Safdarjung Enclave. He would set the rooms on fire after breaking in. \"The gang used to scale the walls to reach the houses they intended to burgle. After breaking open the locks they would take away cash, jewellery and electronic items. After committing burglary, the gang would set the house on fire just for fun,\" Chand said.After his release from jail in March this year, he along with Suraj and Nazim allegedly committed five burglaries in Sarojini Nagar. Sanjay had recently started flaunting tattoos all over his body. \"Sanjay has tattoos on his body. Some of them that he has on his left arm are 'Danger', 'Darinda' and 'Mahakaal',\" he said.Sanjay was allegedly involved in over 25 cases of burglary in flats in various areas, including Sarojini Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12958001", "title": "Be prepared for very hot summer", "text": "NAGPUR: May Day brought in a heat wave to the Orange City with the maximum temperature on Tuesday scaling 43.2 degrees on the Celsius scale. This is the highest temperature experienced in the city this season. Nagpur was still not as hot as Wardha and Chandrapur, where the mercury rose to 43.9 and 43.5 degrees Celsius respectively.With the first day of the month registering such a high temperature, the weathermen have warned to be ready for a harsh summer ahead. \"The mean temperature of Nagpur during May is 42.7 degree Celsius. Since it has become so hot even in the beginning of the month, it may rise by another two or three degrees by the end of it, making the summer very hot,\" said an official of the weather department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12957830", "title": "Spate of chain-snatching incidents in Amravati", "text": "AMRAVATI: Six incidents of chain-snatching were reported in city on Monday.The first incident was reported near Mahendra Colony at 6pm. Culprits first targeted Shanta Bhagad (38), who was on a two-wheeler with her husband. They snatched her mangalsutra. The second incident took place near Harshraj Colony at 8pm when two bike-borne youths snatched the chain of Alka Hasne. Third case was reported from the same locality some minutes later wherein two bike riders snatched the mangalsutra of Reena Bhagadkar. Another woman Lata Kale was targeted in Friend's Colony around the same time. The fifth incident took place near Atithi hotel when a daily wager Chanda Mane's mangalsutra was snatched by two bikers at around 8pm. In the last incident Manjiri Taywade lost her chain to the miscreants near Gaglani Nagar. No arrested were made by Tuesday evening.Two sisters drownAKOLA: Two sisters drowned in a water tank in Warwand village in Buldhana on Monday while washing clothes. They were identified as Nilofer Shaikh Ahmad (23) and Shahin Taufiq (18) of Kinhola village. One sister slipped into the tank. The other jumped into the water to save her but both died.Officer caught taking bribeAKOLA: The Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) of Amravati caught an assistant deputy inspector (education) Avinash Rathod red-handed taking bribe of Rs 5,000 for giving inspection report in Washim on Monday. Kailash Kamble of Gundi village in Manora taluka of Washim district approached Rathod, who demanded Rs 5,000 to provide the annual inspection report. Kamble then filed a complaint with ACB Amravati who laid a trap and caught Rathod red-handed.Youth dies in mishapAKOLA: A youth Nagesh Tayde was killed as his bike collided with car near Ridhora village on Akola-Balapur road on Monday. Anup Dahiwade the pillion rider was injured in the accident. The duo was on their way to Akola when a head-on collision took place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "12963879", "title": "India, China next destination for professional talent from the West", "text": "DUBAI: The booming markets of India and China, where a new war for professional talent is hotting up, will see incredible opportunities for Western professionals, a noted marketing expert has said.\"The new war for professional talent is hotting up like never before and will see huge and developing opportunities for westerners looking for jobs in India and China,\" Nirmalya Kumar, Professor of marketing at London Business School said.Speaking to industry leaders, students and alumni at a session at the Dubai Centre celebrating London Business School's five years of commitment to education in the region, Professor Kumar highlighted the shift from Indians and Chinese looking to the west for jobs and the reverse happening at a rapid rate.\"When you go to the emerging markets it's about growth, it's about ambition and setting up businesses and factories,\" Kumar, who recently launched his book India Inside and is the co-director of the School's Aditya Birla India Centre, said.Multinational companies are ramping up in new markets on a scale that is incredible and presents opportunities for Westerners looking for jobs in India and China.\"We have to move our people from the west to the east and we have to make it easier. We have to pressure China and India to be as open to western people as westerners have been to Indian and Chinese immigrants,\" he said.Kumar believes this change will set corporate agendas over the next decade. According to him, the Indian government needs to be encouraged to make it easier for Europeans and Americans to get visas to work in India.Delivering his presentation on 'The Emergence of Growth Economies and Corporate Giants' here, Nirmalya Kumar, Professor of Marketing at London Business School also touched on India's ability to transition from services whilst changing perceptions that the country is not innovative enough.\"Bright ideas are bizarrely regarded as a Western preserve. Indians make good accountants and programmers, but are not the best for innovation. After all, where are the Indian Googles and iPods?,\" Kumar asked the audience.\"Take for example, Intel - a company that prides itself on \"Inspired Innovation that's Changing the World.\" While Intel ensures consumers know they're using a personal computer powered by Intel innovation, there isn't any label on the product showing that the innovation originated in India,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12962824", "title": "Delhi Belly remake titled Varuthapadatha Valibar Sangam", "text": "The remake of Bollywood hit film Delhi Belly is tentatively titled as Varuthapadatha Valibar Sangam. Arya and Hansika will be playing the leads roles in this comedy entertainer.Director Kannan will wield the megaphone for Varuthapadatha Valibar Sangam. Thaman will be composing music for this comedy flick that is all set to hit the floors from 7th of this month.UTV Motion Pictures will be producing Varuthapadatha Valibar Sangam, which is expected to have high dosage of comedy inorder to entertain family audiences unlike its original version.Source: Way2movies.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12956825", "title": "N Chandrababu Naidu parting ways with Jr NTR?", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Telugu Desam Party is slowly distancing itself from actor Junior NTR, who had campaigned vigorously for the party in the 2009 general elections. This is being seen as a fallout of the TDP Vijayawada unit president Vallabhaneni Vamsi episode, said to be the latest example of the widening gap between the TDP leadership and the Jr NTR family and friends. The latest controversy was triggered by Vamsi publicly shaking hands with YSR Congress president Y S Jaganmohan Reddy. The TDP at the behest of party president N Chandrababu Naidu responded immediately with a show-cause notice to Vamsi.According to sources, at a meeting two days ago, Naidu told party senior leaders that in the bypolls, only actor Balakrishna would campaign for the party. It was also decided that Jr NTR would be told not to participate in the election campaign. According to the sources, the TDP chief is deeply pained with the way the actor is advising his loyalists to work against the party interests.Fans get hate messages against Jr NTR's 'Dammu'After the TDP issued notice to Vamsi, the Vijayawada urban unit chief held a meeting with Kodali Nani, another Jr NTR loyalist, who represents Gudivada constituency in Krishna district. Adding fuel to the fire, hate messages asking the NTR family fans not to support Jr NTR's latest film 'Dammu' circulated across the state. \"The real heir of NTR is 'Simha' Balakrishna and not Junior NTR. Don't watch his movie Dammu,\" is said to be the content of the text message, said the sources. Apparently, the messages were circulated by Balaiah fans and the TDP cadres.These messages further deepened the gap between Jr NTR and TDP, though the party disassociated itself from the messages controversy. Earlier, there were reports that the Krishna district bandh call given by TDP, which coincided with 'Dammu' film release, was deliberate. The TDP along with other political parties had given a bandh call on April 27, which incidentally coincided with the release of the Jr NTR film. Kodali Nani and Vamsi had wanted the screening of 'Dammu' to be kept out of the purview of the bandh but their request was turned down by the TDP leadership.Adding to this, Jr NTR's photo was missing in the posters of 'Adhinayakudu,' the forthcoming picture of Balakrishna. While the pictures of all the Nandamuri family members are there on the poster, only Junior NTR was missing. Even during the recent audio release function of `Dammu,' there were no Nandamuri family members, lending credence to the speculations that the Nandamuri and Naidu families are drifting away from each another. Another factor that is said to have contributed to the falling out is that a private news channel with which Jr NTR's father is associated has recently started airing anti-TDP and pro-Jagan stories.On Tuesday, Balakrishna refused to comment on the messages controversy and the Vamsi episode. Instead, he said that he was ready to take up the party campaign for the bypolls if the party president asks him so. \"Now, it is for Jr NTR to decide whether to continue in the party or to part ways with Naidu. But it is clear that if he stays, the TDP will not give him the same importance he enjoyed till now,\" said a senior leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12958908", "title": "BEML allotted sites first, brought in discretionary quota to justify it", "text": "BANGALORE: The Bharat Earth Movers Ltd (BEML) management has contended that there was nothing illegal in the allotment of sites by its workers' co-operative to individuals close to top PMO official TKA Nair and other brass of the PSU because it was done under the discretionary quota. But TOI's investigation reveals this to be a flimsy defence.The BEML Workers' Co-operative Society sought to include the discretionary quota in its byelaws in 2006, but many illegal allotments were made earlier. Besides, the society resolution , later rejected by the joint registrar of co-operative societies, clearly said the 3% discretionary quota in allotment of sites was only for future layouts.The state government issued a notification legalizing 5% discretionary quota in allotment of sites in housing cooperative society layouts in 2008. The matter of discretionary quota is pending in the Karnataka high court as it has been challenged by former MLA Mahima Patel through PIL.A lawyer who was part of the PIL work on BEML workers' cooperative society's allotment of sites said the high court would hear the matter extensively after vacation. \"The legal status of the discretionary quota is not yet clear because the case is pending . It can be deemed that anyone who has got a site under the quota has got it in contravention of the law,\" he said.TOI broke the story that top BEML officials and those close to TKA Nair were illegally allotted sites at throwaway prices by the society.The illegal beneficiaries included A Preethy Prabha and Uma Devi Nambiar, niece and family friend, respectively, of TKA Nair, adviser to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , and BEML's beleageured CMD VRS Natarajan. While Natarajan got two sites in 2002, those close to Nair got sites allotted in 2008. Prabha and Nambiar returned the sites after a whistleblower took up the issue with the PMO.Legal experts told TOI that the discretionary quota has been under question for the past six years which in itself makes any allotment of site under such quota invalid. In March 2006, the annual general body meeting of the society allegedly rejected a resolution moved by the society seeking incorporation of 3% discretionary quota in the byelaws, under which 3% sites in new layouts could be allotted to top BEML officials and others who had contributed to the society. While there was no polling, the society cited absence of ballot as acceptance of the resolution and approached the joint registrar of cooperative societies in April 2006 seeking ratification of 3% discretionary quota . In May 2006, the joint registrar rejected the resolution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12963884", "title": "Indian student seeks upturning of hate crime conviction", "text": "NEW YORK: An Indian-origin student of Rutgers University, who was found guilty of bias intimidation for spying on his gay roommate's sexual encounter, is seeking to have the conviction against him overturned and be granted a new trial in the case.Lawyers for Dharun Ravi , 20, submitted a 33-page brief in Superior Court in New Brunswick requesting that the judge acquit him entirely or at least grant him a new trial.The motion also requests that Ravi be allowed to remain free on bail after sentencing, pending the planned appeal.Attorneys Steven Altman and Philip Nettl said in the motion that Ravi's conviction be overturned as there is evidence that he did not intimidate or invade the privacy of his gay roommate Tyler Clementi, who had committed suicide in September 2010 after finding out Ravi had spied on him using a webcam.Ravi was found guilty in March on charges of bias intimidation and invasion of privacy and faces up to 10 years in prison and possible deportation to India when he is sentenced on May 21.The motion filed in court contends that evidence presented at trial showed Ravi was not guilty of invading the privacy or intimidating Clementi.The attorneys argue that in the bias intimidation counts, which are the more serious of the charges that Ravi faces, the law was misapplied.\"To criminalise a defendant for a victim's mistaken belief about the defendant's motive would turn the bias intimidation statute into a mockery of itself,\" the lawyers said.On some of those counts, the jury acquitted Ravi of intending to intimidate Clementi and his partner, but convicted him on grounds Clementi felt intimidated and felt Ravi's actions were purposeful.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12958030", "title": "Company offers free insulin to poor diabetic kids", "text": "NAGPUR: Diseases can afflict people from any spectrum of society, from the very rich to the very poor. This is especially true for diabetes, since too much as well as too little nutrition can trigger it. However, the situation is bad for children from poor backgrounds, as they and their parents can ill afford such a chronic disease. They find it difficult to bear the additional cost of managing a lifestyle suited for a diabetic. Most of the times they make do with lesser, or even no medicine, worsening their condition.Now, pharma company Novonardisk has started a project called Changing Diabetes In Children (CDIC) as a corporate social responsibility initiative all over the country. It has joined hands with some city diabetologists to distribute free insulin to needy patients.\"Type 1 diabetes means that the person affected has to be dependent on insulin throughout his life. Many times, poverty forces people to compromise with their treatment, sometimes limiting their dosage and at times even doing away with the medication completely. But now any person below 18 years of age and with a BPL card can be referred to us by other doctors too,\" said Dr Pramod Gandhi. His centre has been chosen as the main distribution centre by the company with four other sub-centres also planned in the city.Other than the inability to afford medicines, the poor also suffer from lack of proper nutritional intake, which affects the health of diabetic children, said Dr Shailesh Pitale, president of city chapter of Diabetic Association of India, who is in charge of one of the sub-centres. \"Several times we have sent poor patients to public hospitals but they return empty-handed as there is severe shortage of medicines in these hospitals too. We would end up asking companies for free samples to be distributed among such patients or help them at out individual level,\" he said.Speaking about the initiative, Novonardisk regional manager Ghanshyam Chandak said, \"A survey showed us that the incidence of type 1 diabetes in children was on the rise, with most the poor most affected by it. The survey also revealed the big gap in availability of insulin for the underprivileged children with diabetes. As a social concern, we decided to run CDIC under Novonardisk Education Foundation across India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12957070", "title": "Anna on home run: 60 rallies in 7 days", "text": "MUMBAI: Anna Hazare launched his state-wide crusade for a strong Lok Ayukta at the Sai Baba temple in Shirdi on Tuesday, which was also the 52nd anniversary of the formation of Maharashtra as a linguistic state.Braving scorching heat, Hazare plans to address 60 public meetings in 34 districts across the state in a week's time. \"I am fit and fine, thanks to naturopathy,\" he said.Hazare performed a puja at the Sai Baba shrine before embarking on his trek across Maharashtra, which is reeling under severe drought. With a lull in the nationwide India Against Corruption campaign and with his colleagues speaking in conflicting voices, Hazare has chosen to play on his home turf to refurbish his image, say political watchers.He met key state leaders, including chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, deputy CM Ajit Pawar, MNS chief Raj Thackeray , and BJP leaders Sudhir Mungantiwar and Vinod Tawde in Mumbai last week to prepare political consensus on a strong Lok Ayukta for Maharashtra.The Gandhian's game plan is to close in on the ruling Congress-NCP alliance in the state in the wake of the Adarsh scam and other scandals laid bare recently by the CAG. At Shirdi, he slammed the Congress for failing to tackle the state's perpetual water shortage problem.He was critical of Rahul Gandhi for his recent two-hour visit to Satara which faces the worst water crisis in the state.Does Rahul Gandhi know anything about water management? He came here and toured the scarcity-affected areas and earned good publicity in the media. Now let's see what Gandhi does to end the problem of water shortage in Maharashtra,'' he added.Hazare advised the Congress general secretary to visit Ralegan Siddhi and Hivare Bazar to know more about water management. Hazare is credited with having prepared and implemented a fairly effective scheme to end the water crisis in Ralegan Siddhi, his hometown.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12956727", "title": "Cops release ATM thief\u2019s photograph", "text": "HYDERABAD: Saifabad police have released the photograph of the thief who is suspected to have stolen Rs 5.1 lakh cash from Axis Bank ATM located at Road Number 1 in Banjara Hills. On the night of April 25, Axis Bank ATM operator Shabuddin who went to load the cash found the machine totally damaged and alerted the bank management.Police were also informed about the incident.After verifying the ATM cash record, the bank staff stated that there should have been Rs 21.25 lakh cash inside the ATM but only Rs 16.15 lakh cash was found.Based on their complaint, police booked cases under section 457 (house breaking during the night) and 380 (theft in a building) of the IPC.On Tuesday, police released the photograph of the thief captured in the ATM CCTV cameras and appealed to the public that if they know any details about the accused, Saifabad police should be contacted on 9490616353/352/341.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12957214", "title": "Rogue bikers strike again in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The bikers don't fear the city police at all. Just two days after seven cars were damaged in the same area, baddie bikers targeted four parked cars near Himmatlal Park on Tuesday morning and damaged it with heavy stones.City police have again promised stringent patrol in the western city parts to end the menace. According to Satellite police officials, Leela Shah, a resident of Shivani Apartment near Himmatlal Park, had parked her car outside the apartment block on Monday night.Tuesday morning, she found her car windows smashed. She called the police and lodged a complaint against the unknown assailants. Shah has stated in her complaint that the incident took place between 11 pm and 8 am.Along with her car, three other cars from nearby residential colonies were also reported damaged. However, none of these car owners approached the police, said officials. Investigators said that in these cases, the youths riding bikes had used stones to target the windows.On Sunday, a group of bikers had targeted three parked cars near Star Bazaar and four near Himmatlal Park and smashed its windows.When contacted, M S Sindha, inspector of Satellite police station, told TOI that they have already strengthened the patrol in the area. \"Along with my team, we have been patrolling the areas reporting of biker's menaces till 3 am.Check posts have also been set up at various points to scrutinize any suspicious person,\" said Sindha. \" Also, we would like to appeal the citizens to report any suspicious movement in their areas, late in the night and also note down the number of the culprits responsible for such damages.\"City police have so far got success only in one case where an alert citizen managed to catch two youths that later led to a total of six arrests for damaging parked vehicles in Vastrapur.Officials say that it is a difficult job to keep an eye on solitary miscreants. \"It would be harassment to check each and every vehicle in the night but we are devising plans to tackle the issue.Meanwhile, the societies can strengthen their security by instructing watchmen to keep an eye on vehicles and create enough parking space inside the premises,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12965119", "title": "Haripriya dances with Chris Gayle", "text": "Kannada actress Haripriya shared her dancing experience with her favorite cricketer Chris Gayle. This happened during the music launch of her forthcoming film Tony.Chris Gayle was one of the important guests at the audio launch event. The star cast of the film hit the floor after the launch and Chris started chatting and dancing with the beautiful actress. He even complimented her on her looks. Needless to say, the actress was floored by the compliments and spent good time with Chris at the music launch party.Directed by Jayathirtha, Tony is a thriller which revolves around the series of events happening in one day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12956810", "title": "Fire at restaurant kitchen, no casualties", "text": "HYDERABAD: A fire broke out in the kitchen of Sahib Sindh Sultan restaurant at City Centre mall on Road No.1, Banjara Hills, on Tuesday. While there were no injuries reported, the kitchen got completely gutted when the fire broke out at 10.06am.Fire fighting operations continued till 2pm during which the mall remained closed for public. The restaurant remained closed for the day. The cause of the fire is yet to be ascertained but fire officials said it could be due to short-circuit.The fire control room was intimated by mall personnel after they noticed smoke coming out from the restaurant, located on the fifth floor of the mall. The mall, which opens at 9.30am, was soon evacuated to prevent untoward incidents. While one fire engine was pressed into service initially, they called in another fire tender from Langar Houz as there was a chance of fire spreading to other commercial establishments.Fire officials from Film Nagar fire station, who went to the spot, said that the smoke had accumulated even in the eating area of the restaurant. The flames, however, damaged only the kitchen area, officials said. The fire was doused within two hours. The extent of damage is not known yet.A senior security officer at the restaurant said that it might take a while for the restaurant to reopen.\"Only a part of the kitchen was damaged in the fire. But we cannot commit on whether the restaurant will reopen on Wednesday,\" an officer on duty said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12959133", "title": "Joining the dots between age and cancer", "text": "BANGALORE: An observational study conducted over a period of five years has concluded that the mean age of a patient contracting any type of cancer is about 53 years. The study was conducted by Health Care Global between 2007 and 2011 on 2,000 patients diagnosed with urogenital malignancies, breast cancer, gynecological cancer, lung and thoracic cancer, gastrointestinal, head and neck, hematological, skin and nervous system and brain cancer.While the mean age for contracting urogenital cancer is found to be around 61 years, the average age for getting breast and gynecological cancer is about 51. For lung and thoracic cancer, the average age was noted at about 60 years, for gastrointestinal 57, for head and neck 53, for hematological 49, skin cancer 55, nervous system and brain at 45 years.Dr Ramesh Bilimagaa, senior radiation oncologist, HCG Hospital, said: \"The study was conducted to understand the actual scenario of cancer prevalence and trends in the various types of cancer in India. We found that the age group of 45-55 years is more likely to contract brain or bone cancer, whereas at age 55-65, one is likely to get gynecological, urogenital or lung cancer. Breast cancer is more likey to occur at age 50. This study will give us an idea what kind of screening a patient should be advised at a certain age.\"Said Dr Prasad Narayan, consultant, medical oncologist, Mazumdar Shaw Cancer Center: \"Prevalence of cancer in the age group of 20 is 1/10,000, whereas in the age group of 50 it is 1/1,000 and in 80s it is 1/100. This shows that there is a direct relation between ageing and cancer. Any person of over 65 years is 10 times more likely to develop any type of cancer.\"Dr NK Venkataramana, vice-chairman and chief neurosurgeon, BGS Global Hospitals, said: \"There is no age bar for one to contract brain tumor. But studies have confirmed that brain tumor is more likely to be cancerous at younger age. Cancerous brain tumor is mostly seen in the age group of 45-50 years. After crossing 70, chances of contracting brain tumors are minimum. Also brain tumor can happen due to genetic change, psychological factors or due to dietary habits, but a perfect reason is not yet known.\"Said Dr Somashekar SP, HOD and consultant, surgical oncologist, Manipal Hospital : \"Mean age for contracting breast cancer has come down to 40-45 years according to the latest data released by National Cancer Registry and Ministry of Health. We have seen women in age group of 30-35 contracting breast cancer. This type of cancer is no longer seen only in the age group of 50 years and above.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12958266", "title": "Resident Welfare Associations portals now on Facebook", "text": "GURGAON: In the past few months, the online society portals have been gaining in popularity in Gurgaon. And now, to make the process even simpler, the portals are being made available on the popular social networking site, Facebook.So if you are a Gurgaon resident who is unhappy about the security services in your society or want to complain about your neighbors' dog but don't have the time to attend the society meetings or visit the estate office, do not fret. All you need to do is to logon to your societal portal via your Facebook account and do the needful.The objective of launching the Facebook application is to simplify the whole approach to the society porta l usage.According to Kushal Arora, secretary of Vipul Greens RWA, \"Residents have been enjoying the features of our society portal for over six months now, which has improved communication among people and has also enhanced information dissemination. We now look forward to the Facebook integration feature, which is expected to increase our website usage. \"Vineet Sharma, secretary, Silver Oaks Condominium Association RWA, said, \"We had launched our society portal couple of years ago and it has been fairly successful. However, we did regularly used to receive 'forgot username and password' requests. I personally feel this is a great initiative to launch the Facebook application where people don't need to remember their society portal's usernames and passwords seperately, but can logon directly.\"Ravi Mohan Harjai, president, Suncity City Heights RWA, commented, \"We are very excited about the Facebook application as it will help the RWAs to reach out to more people. While we have the web portal which has been very helpful in disseminating communication, the Facebook application, I am sure, will encourage more users.Residential societies powered by 'JustMyNeighbour.com' can now 'Like' an application and add it to their Facebook page, which will direct residents to their very own portal on the networking site.Abhishek Jain, co-founder of JustMyNeighbour.com, said, \"Our website enables residents to register complaints, share notices and information, post discussion threads and replies through the Facebook application.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12959087", "title": "BMTC will tap solar energy for its buses", "text": "BANGALORE: Public transport will go green in a few years with BMTC set to introduce solar-powered buses. Officials are in talks with research &amp; development companies on manufacturing and operating these buses.\"We are in preliminary talks with a few Indian and foreign firms. The breakthrough will happen but it may take some more time to introduce the technology on a large scale,\" said CG Anand, chief mechanical engineer, production and transport planning, BMTC.Anand said currently diesel-powered electricity is used to charge batteries. The plan is to harness solar energy to charge batteries which will help run buses through traction motors.\"This will be feasible in short-haul buses. Solar-powered buses are ideal for places like Hubli, Dharwad, Puttur, Mangalore and Gulbarga where there are over 8 hours of daily power cut. In Bangalore, acquiring land could be an issue and it'll take a minimum period of eight to nine years for the state transport department to even break even with this concept,\" said Harish Hande, social entrepreneur and Magsaysay Award winner, 2011.Hande founded Selco India, a solar electric light company, which over the years has lit up over 12,000 households to emerge as India's leading solar technology firm.BMTC officials refused to disclose the names of partner companies but they're likely to be major firms outside Bangalore.Students' bus passes take them a bit farther. They can now travel up to 60km compared to the existing 50km. Transport minister R Ashoka said the decision to increase the limit was taken following numerous representations from student federations.He also said the salary/stipend of trainee employees of KSRTC has been increased by Rs1,000 per month and this will benefit 26,000 employees. The government will start local bus services in all cities across the state and this will be kicked off in Kolar shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12957140", "title": "Gujarat common entrance test result on May 10", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat Common Entrance Test (GUJCET) result has been postponed. Officials of the Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) said that the GUJCET result which was slated to be announced on May 3 will now be announced on May 10, along with the HSC (Science) result. Mark sheets will be available in schools on May 14.GSHSEB chairman RR Varsani said that the board had received a lot of representations from parents that the announcement of GUJCET and HSC (Science) results on two different days will put unwarranted stress on their wards. About 1.1 lakh students have appeared for GUJCET this year.For preparing the merit list for admissions to professional courses, 60% weightage is given to HSC (Science) result and 40% weightage to GUJCET marks.\"Parents had represented that their students will come under stress for over a week if they do not score well in GUJCET which may lead to anxiety and panic. We received hundreds of representations that the GUJCET and HSC (Science) results be synchronized so that the students do not experience extended jitters,\" said officials. \"Already the students are on the edge. It has been a practice to announce both the results simultaneously. Declaring the two important results separately will mean double trouble for the students,\" said a parent. tnn\"GUJCET result does not have any pass or fail for the students. It just gives weightage to the examinees which is considered while giving them admission to professional courses. However, we thought it best to respect popular sentiments,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12958226", "title": "Margao municipal council, south Goa planning and development authority inspect Aquem-Baixo construction site", "text": "MARGAO: The chairperson of the Margao municipal council (MMC) Arthur D'Silva along with the municipal engineer and officials of the South Goa planning and development authority (SGPDA) conducted an inspection of a construction site at Aquem-Baixo on Monday, based on a complaint filed by Navelim Civic and Consumer Forum (NCCF) and Navelchea Xetkarancho Ekvott (NXE).During the site inspection, the villagers and farmers pointed out to various irregularities in the construction project. The farmers complained that the builder had deliberately encroached into their fields by digging for constructing a compound wall. Adjacent residents pointed out that their traditional accesses will be blocked if the construction is allowed to come up.The residents produced a copy of an objection filed by at least 74 persons objecting to the sale of the property as it was being used by them as a village playground.Locals also pointed out to a religious place of worship which will be blocked if the project is allowed to come up. They also questioned the officials as to how a paddy field was converted to a 'C1' zone with no proper access road. Pointing out that an allegedly illegal structure constructed by the builders had no permission from MMC and SGPDA, they demanded that the project be scrapped. The MMC chairperson and SGPDA officials assured the locals of taking appropriate action in the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12950688", "title": "Prateik plays with fire", "text": "Prateik is leaving no stone unturned to make his action scenes look as authentic as possible.For a scene in Ishaq, he was required the actor had to do some dare devil act of twirling the fire lit baton and Prateik did not allow a professional body double to be used but did it himself.A source said, \"Before actually shooting the scene he rehearsed to get the act right. He even learnt parkour to build muscles and strength to master the art of twirling the baton with fast movements.\" After the scene was okayed, the actor met the instructor who taught him the stunt and decided to take more lessons from him in the art. Infact whenever he has to do any kind of physical stunts, Prateik is super excietd and prefers doing it himself. His friends after watching this keep teasing saying how he should join a circus someday!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "12965708", "title": "Move to raise Tiger Protection Force in Arunachal", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh chief minister Nabam Tuki has said that there is an initiative to create a 'Special Tiger Protection Force' for enhancing the protective cover on the wild cats and other animals inhabiting in the Tiger Reserves in the state.\"The Force will see to it that no harm is caused to tigers and other animals in the Tiger Reserves in the state,\" Tuki said while addressing a two-day orientation programme on 'Strengthening Wildlife Law Enforcement and Conservation' here yesterday.\"We should carefully guard against invasion of market forces connected with illegal wildlife trade gaining entry into the state and It is highly relevant in the context of the long inter-state and international borders of the state,\" he said.Underscoring the need for a massive awareness campaign for getting people's support for increasing the efficacy of the enforcement, Tuki said it was unfortunate that several elephant corridors, sanctuaries and reserves had been disturbed by human encroachment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12957714", "title": "'Expect a different Saina in London'", "text": "NAGPUR: Indian badminton coach Edwin Iriawan wasn't a worried man when things weren't going Saina Nehwal's way last year. He was aware of her potential. The Indonesian now wants all to give respect to country's best bet at the Olympics and is very much optimistic about her chances in London.Edwin said that Saina is shaping up nicely for the quadrennial event. \"Saina is preparing hard and we have a special program for her. We can expect a different Saina in London,\" Edwin told a news conference on Tuesday.\"Saina is ranked No. 5 in the world and above her we have four chinese shuttlers. After China we have Saina,\" Edwin said with a smile. \"We should respect her. She has done well for the country. Saina's game is not going down; instead she is getting a tough competition. Most of her opponents have read her game and that's bound to happen when you play at the highest level.\"\"There's no point analyzing what has happened before. I always believe in looking forward. There's no secret to good form. It's only about staying focused and Saina is focused,\" added the 45-year-old, who is in the city to guide players and coaches of the region.On other shuttlers' chances and Indian teams' preparations ahead of the London games, he said, \"We will try hard and with a good team work we can expect more medals.\"In his year-long tenure with the Indian contingent, Edwin found a new star in PV Sindhu. He rates her as the next big thing after Saina in women circle. \"In the years to come I see bright prospect for 16-year-old Sindhu, who I think can go the distance. Sindhu will be the next Saina in India. Also there are many good upcoming players in the men's section too.\"He also had a word of advice for the upcoming players who Edwin thinks are a bit lazy in their approach. \"Most of the upcoming shuttlers in India are lazy. Sometimes they are not honest with their coaches. My suggestion to them is 'if you are lazy or if you don't like badminton it's better to stop',\" said Edwin adding, \"It's the responsibility of the coaches to bring discipline amongst the children at the small age.\"When asked about the Indian badminton five years down the line, he said, \"I see a very bright future for Indian badminton. Only thing I want is a good team work from all players, coaches and from the administrators too. More money should be brought in the game. There should be more and more tournaments in all the categories. Players in all the age groups should be kept busy through out the year and they should be paid for their performance. For that associations from local, state to national level should work as a team and conduct championships at regular intervals, that too with good prize money.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12965002", "title": "Yeh Jo Mohobbat Hai", "text": "CreditsDirector-Editor: Shree Narayan SinghCast: Aditya Samanta, Nazia Hussain, Mohnish Behl, Rati Agnihotri, Farida Jalal, Mukesh Tiwari, Anooradha Patel, Preet Kaur MadanProducer: Ashim SamantaBanner: Aradhana FilmsMusic: Anu MalikRelease Date: July 13, 2012Synopsis'Yeh Jo Mohobbat Hai', launches Aditya Samanta, grandson of Shakti Samanta. Produced under the home production Aradhana Films, 'Yeh Jo Mohobbat Hai' was earlier slated to release on 15th June, although the same has now been postponed to 13th July.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12965548", "title": "Sasikumar Adjudged The Best Actor", "text": "Actor - director M Sasikumar has been adjudged the best actor for his performance in Porali in the International Film festival in Norway. Vishal won the special jury award for his performance in Avan Ivan.Meanwhile, the jury chose Richa Gangopadhyaya as the best actress (Mayakkam Enna). The awards were presented at a function in Norway recently, which was marked by a colourful extravaganza.The other awardees include: Vaagai Sooda Vaa (Best film), director Sargunam (best director), Ilayaraja (best music composer - Aazhagarsamiyin Kuthirai), Appukutty (best supporting actor - Azhagarsamiyin Kuthirai), Kasi Anandhan (best lyricist - Uchchithanai Mugarndhal), Ganja Karuppu ( best comedian - Porali).Source: Haihoi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12960844", "title": "Bhopal hospitals' lax attitude to safety a major concern", "text": "BHOPAL: The series of incidents that took place in various city hospitals in the past ten days have sent shock waves and shaken the faith of the people, especially those who are undergoing treatment at these medical institutions. The latest in the series was the incident of an infant being stolen from Sultania Hospital on Monday is reportedly due to the lack of security measures in place.Divisional commissioner Praveen Garg said, \"It is the duty of every government establishments, including hospitals to follow the basic rules of safety and management. Disciplinary action is taken from time to time in the particular incidents.\"However, barring the case that took place at JP Hospital, no action has been initiated against the people involved in other incidents.On April 29, a ward boy identified as Daya Shankar at the JP Hospital allegedly raped his aunts after administering them sedatives. He was later booked on charges of rape and suspended from duty. The police said the both the aunts were elder to him and had come to Bhopal for attending a wedding. However, Shankar took them to his home located on the hospital premises and allegedly raped them one after another after drugging them.On April 19, bodies of two women were exchanged in the mortuary at Hamidia Hospital and relatives of one of the deceased even performed last rites without realizing the swap committed by the hospital staff.After the incident, irate relatives of the deceased reached the hospital and created ruckus. Shivkumari, a native of Seronj in Vidisha district and Madhuri of Sehore town were hospitalized with burns at the hospital. Both the women succumbed to burns and their post-mortem was conducted at the hospital. While handing over the bodies, the hospital staffers allegedly exchanged the bodies of the women and Madhuri's family members performed the last rites of Shivkumari. However, Shivkumari's family members detected the mistake and rushed to hospital demanding her body. It was too late as Shivkumari's last rites were already performed by the kin of Madhuri. Director, medico-legal, D S Badkul said, \"It was the mistake of police and not of the mortuary staff as it was the police who handed over their bodies\". On the incident at Sultania Lady Hospital in which a woman posing as hospital staff fled with a new born child, hospital's superintendent Dr Sudha Chaurasia admitted that it was a security lapse.Similarly, the death of pregnant woman at Saluja Nursing Home in the city has taken a new turn as the Teelajalampura police quoting the short post-mortem report said that the woman died of poisoning. Investigations are underway in this case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12961921", "title": "Ustad Hotel's release delayed", "text": "Dulquer Salmaan, who made a spectacular entry into films as a hero in Second Show, will have director Anwar Rasheed's Ustad Hotel as his second release. The film was scheduled for release on May 11, but the latest is that it will be delayed.Ustad Hotel is being produced by Listin Stephen and has been scripted by Anjali Menon. The film narrates the emotional bonding that Dulquer's character shares with his grandfather, played by Thilakan.The rumours doing the rounds is that the film has been delayed due to the date hassles of a senior actor, who is part of the film. But no one is complaining on record. So let's forget it as false rumours.Source: 2dmovie.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12963689", "title": "Shaleen Bhanot\u2019s lessons in Physical Fitness!", "text": "Very rarely do TV actors get to do action sequences on screen as compared to their Bollywood counterparts. But perhaps things are finally changing!Star Plus' show ' Sajda Tere Pyar Mein' with Shaleen Bhanot in the lead will see the actor displaying his physical strength in the form of a special fitness routine that combines kick boxing with Taekwondo.Shaleen aka Ranveer is misinformed about a weapon consignment and is angered on learning that the consignment belongs to Mahendra Pratap. Soon after, Shaleen will find himself surrounded by fire and what follows is a bare chest sequence which shows the actor putting his pyrotechnics skills to use.Shaleen confirms to sources that it's a choreographed sequence for which he was earlier very apprehensive about. But all his fears can be put to rest as Shaleen has a huge fan following and viewers will love him any which way!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12957582", "title": "Bihar spends most on pension among all states", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bihar seems to be becoming a pensioners' paradise with the state spending the highest amount on account of pension among all states, 48% of its revenue earnings. Along with some north-eastern states, Bihar's expenditure on pension, administrative services (salaries etc) and interest payments adds up to more than its total revenue generation.According to budget documents of state governments, Bihar is the only one among non-special category states that has committed expenditure of more than 100% of its own revenue. West Bengal, which two years ago had 125% committed expenditure, brought it down to 87% in 2011-12 though its interest outgo remained one of the highest (at 49%) among all states.Committed expenditure is a major component of non-development revenue expenditure, comprising expenditure on interest payment, administrative services and pension.The Bihar government has failed to curb administrative and other committed expenditure over the years. Bihar's total committed expenditure on interest payment, administrative expenses and pension together was 113% in 2009-10 which went up to 118% in 2010-11 and slightly moderated the next year but still remained much above its own revenue generation.Bihar can learn from states like Chhattisgarh, Goa, Tamil Nadu, Gujarat, Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra which have all brought down their committed expenditure below 40% of their revenue generation.The worst, however, is the performance of north-eastern states. Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Mizoram and Nagaland, along with J&K;, have committed expenditure between 185% and 450% of their revenue earnings.An analysis by the Reserve Bank of India on state finances said pension payments as a proportion of state's GDP increased in 15 non-special category (NSC) states during 2010-11 over the previous year. It is budgeted to increase in nine states in 2011-12, with Bihar registering the maximum increase. Bihar's total pension outgo is 3% of its GSDP.Contrary to the position of NSC states, the committed expenditure-GSDP ratio of consolidated special category states maintained an uptrend and reached as high as 9.8% in 2011-12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12962566", "title": "Sonal Chauhan to star in the psycho thriller", "text": "The actress will soon be sizzling the silver screen in Eros's next big project '3G' - a psychological thriller directed by Sheershak Anand and Shantanu Ray Chibber co-starring Neil Nitin Mukesh.The Anand- Chibber duo have done the story and screenplay for one of Eros's previous flicks 'Aa Dekhen Zara'. Sonal and the film team will be shooting the film in an almost two month long schedule in Fiji. The film involves a few spine chilling sequences and stunts that the cast is being trained for.Talking about her next film Sonal says, \"I'm really looking forward to this film. The script was quite gripping and it actually played with my mind when I read it. It's a supernatural horror thriller. Sheershak and Shantanu have been wanting to make this film and it's idea that has been very close to their heart which is why they wanted to make it with a team who's as excited about the film as they are. We start shooting in Fiji by mid of May and we're all really anxious to kick start the film.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12956715", "title": "Missing sailor's family appeals to chief minister for help", "text": "MUMBAI: Let alone prepare a wish list for his birthday,Rhys Rebello was barely aware that he turned four on Tuesday. The son of Russel Rebello (32), Indian sailor who went missing in the Costa Concordia shipwreck off Italy last January, spent a quiet day at his Vasai home waiting for news of his father.Russel's brother Kevin has returned to India after observing the rescue operation for three months. He worked as a research analyst for 14 years in Milan before the tragedy befell his brother at an island 600 km away. Since January 13, the Friday, which wrecked his family, Kevin has been unable to return to work having stayed put on the island awaiting word from the authorities.\"Italy is doing its best to trace my brother's remains but I wish the Indian embassy was more attentive. I have written to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and the foreign minister S M Krishna urging them to pressure the Italians through official channels,\" he says. Copies of the letters have also been sent to Rahul Gandhi .The family has come to accept the inevitable. but there is no closure until Russel's remains are recovered.\"I cannot help compare this incident with the one where two Italian sailors shot dead Indian fishermen in south India, and were let off after paying blood money to their kin,\" Kevin says. \"We are not even demanding compensation.\" even though my brother leaves behind a wife and a son who are dependents.\"He alleges each time he approached the Indian embassy in Italy, the officials claimed to be busy tackling the \"sensitive, delicate\" issue involving the slain Indian fishermen. \"I wonder whether they would have reacted similarly had all the 203 passengers and crew members gone down with the ship. As Russel is the only person who is missing, he has been reduced to a number. But to me, he was a dear younger brother,\" says Kevin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12957239", "title": "Students distressed over online goof-ups", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Last minute goof-ups in procuring online fee receipts and hall tickets has put a question mark on whether more than 10,000 MA and M Com students of Gujarat University would be able to appear for their annual examination this year.The examinations are slated on March 7 and 8.Students now fear that the lackadaisical attitude of university examination department will cost them their careers as they would have to run between their examination centers and the university office to procure their hall tickets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12966855", "title": "Isha and Parvathi give Balayya grooming tips", "text": "The first look stills of Balakrishna's next flick, Srimannarayana are out and the actor is looking younger and fitter than ever before. Apparently the credit for the transformation goes to the two leading ladies, Parvati Melton and Isha Chawla say insiders. Apparently the two leading ladies have been taking special care as far as Balakrishna's styling in the movie. Balayya is playing a college professor's role in the film directed by Ravi Chavali.Touted to be an action entertainer the film's shooting is progressing at a brisk pace in Hyderabad. Recently the unit shot a special song featuring Balakrishna, Parvati Melton and Isha Chawla at Padmalaya Studios. Ramesh Puppala is producing the movie under the Yellow flowers banner. The filmmakers are expected to come out with the release date soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12962114", "title": "Charmi is all set to charm Mammootty", "text": "The beautiful actor Charmi is all set to charm the hero, Mammootty, in director Johnny Antony's 'Thappana'. The shooting of the film is currently going on at Kuttikkanam. Produced by Galaxy films the film has been scripted by Sindhuraj.Mammootty plays a small time trouble maker named Samson, who is coming out of jail. As he comes out, he meets Mallika(Charmi), who is coming out of jail. The two then travel together and Samson falls for her quite easily.Murali Gopi, plays a toughie called Kannu Kuttan in the film.Source: 2dmovie.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12962748", "title": "SC asks AIIMS to verify Soni Sori's torture claim", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid allegations that foreign bodies were thrust into her private parts, the Supreme Court today directed AIIMS to medically examine alleged Naxal sympathiser Soni Sori to treat her and ascertain the charges.A bench of justices Altamas Kabir and J Chelameswar asked the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) director to render her all medical assistance and submit a report to it before July 10.A suspected Maoist conduit, Sori has been accused by the police of receiving \"protection money\" from the Essar group. She was arrested on October 4 in South Delhi by a Chhattisgarh police team and was taken to Dantewada for interrogation. Essar has denied giving funds to Maoists.The apex court asked the AIIMS director to constitute a special medical board comprising the head of the department of gynaecology, an endocrinologist and a cardiac specialist, to look into the allegations and provide her adequate treatment.The bench passed the order after senior counsel Colin Gonsalves cited the latest report submitted by an advocate Sudha Bharadwaj, who has stated that Sori was suffering from multiple health complications, both in her private parts and general health conditions on account of the foreign particles thrust into her by the Chhattisgarh Police.In October 2011, a special medical team from a Kolkata hospital had submitted a report to the apex court that it has recovered a certain foreign particle from her body, but could not identify the reasons as to how it got embedded in her private part.Counsel Atul Jha appearing for the Chhattisgarh government submitted that the entire allegation was being orchestrated by certain vested interests to malign the state police.He submitted that Sori was produced before a judicial magistrate at least on a dozen of occasions, but she did never make even a whisper about the alleged torture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12956894", "title": "Ex-senior cop launches Muslim-Dalit party", "text": "MUMBAI: Members of Dalit and Muslim communities floated a new political party called Awami Vikas Party on Tuesday.Headed by retired ACP Shamsher Khan Pathan with senior Dalit journalist Baban Kamble as his deputy, the party was touted as a confluence of Bheem (followers of B R Ambedkar ) and Meem (Muslims).\"We will fight elections without any pre-poll alliance with any other party ,\" said Pathan, who retired on Monday. When asked if his party would be seen as an intruder since SP in the state claims to represent Muslims, Pathan said: \"SP is headed by Mulayam Singh Yadav and his son Akhilesh. It is confined to UP. We are giving an alternative to the exploited groups.\"Kamble, who edits the Marathi daily Samrat said, \"We have been cheated. Dalits have been kept in dark in the name of reservation while Muslims have voted for the so-called secular parties for because they were promised protection. We will remove these facades ,\" said Kamble.Interestingly, the party's core group comprises retired police officers, bureaucrats, activists and educationists. RTI activist M A Khalid, who hails from Kerala, cited the example of his state where political empowerment of Muslims has enabled them to influence policy decisions. \"In Kerala there are seven Muslim-run medical colleges. But in Maharashtra Muslims excel only in jails. The situation will change once levers of power are in our hands,\" declared Khalid.Javed Pasha of Nagpur called upon the Muslims to choose their rulers intelligently.\"If you had chosen your rulers carefully, Sachar Committee would not have said that you are behind the Dalits on every parameter of development,\" Pasha said.Speakers added that shakhas and branches of the party will be opened across Maharashtra and their target was 2014 elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12964889", "title": "Kolaveri boy busy with Bollywood", "text": "Anirudh Ravichandran who has bagged the overnight renown with his charthbuster composition 'Why this kolaveri di..' is all set for his next.This young music composer, who started his industry career with Dhanush and Shruthi Hassan starrer 3 directed by debutant Aishwarya Dhanush, has recently signed Vikram's trilingual film David being directed by Bejoy Nambiar. Jeeva will be playing an important role in the Tamil version of this Tamil/Hindi/Telugu trilingual David.Kollywood rumor mills that, Anirudh was also been approached by Anurag Kashyap and ace director Gautham Menon to score the music for their forthcoming films. Meanwhile the star musician is busy with an untitled film being produced by Dhanush. Senthil, the assistant of Vetrimaaran is directing this yet-to-be-titled film that has Siva Karthikeyan in the lead.Source: Way2movies.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12960646", "title": "SMC opposition leaders allege misuse of public money", "text": "SURAT: Ruling BJP leaders in Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) are in the line of fire from opposition members for alleged misuse of public money on domestic and international tours.In the past one year, chairman and members of various committees of the civic body have spent Rs 18 lakh on domestic travel for the purpose of studying and inspecting development works in important cities across the country.Sources said office-bearers of various committees of the civic body organize study tours to important destinations in the country but they do not reportedly submit their study report after returning.Most of the domestic tours are undertaken by office-bearers of cultural committee, housing development and garden committee, light and fire committee, health committee, slum improvement committee and drainage committee.\"Ruling BJP leaders consider the civic body as their company. They are misusing public money on travel and other leisure activities,\" said a Congress corporator.He said, \"Recently, BJP leaders submitted a proposal for a tour to Dubai, Shanghai , Singapore and Bangkok to get updates on ultra modern technology used in the field of civic services.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12957543", "title": "Maharashtra badminton association to send Rasika, Vaibhav to Indonesia for advanced training", "text": "NAGPUR: Two of the most talented youngsters of Nagpur, Rasika Raje and Vaibhav Bisne, have been selected by the Maharashtra Badminton Association (MBA) for advanced training camp at Indonesia. This is the first time MBA is sending players from city for advanced training abroad.Rasika and Vaibhav along with two Mumbai Suburban players - Chirag Shetty and Lalita Katre - will undergo a month-long camp at the reputable Indonesian Badminton Academy at Jakarta . These four players have been selected by the junior selection committee of MBA for 4-week training stint which will be held tentatively from May 10 to June 10, informed MBA president Pradeep Gandhe.\"All these four players had performed excellently at the state and national level in the last season. They form the nucleus of the junior talent pool of Maharashtra. We have selected them so that they can improve their game further in Indonesia and bring glory to the state in the coming years. The MBA has started this programme of sending the most promising players to Indonesia last year and we will continue it,\" Gandhe told TOI from Mumbai on Tuesday.Last year three junior players from Maharashtra - Harsheel Dani, Riya Pillai and Karishma Wadkar - were sent to the Jaya Raya Badminton Academy at Jakarta. \"This year we have increased the number to four. We want them to get the specialized training from the experts in Jakarta. Thanks to coaching stint in Indonesia last year, there was a remarkable improvement in the performance of Harsheel, Karishma and Riya. I am sure this year's trainees will also get the benefit which will not only build their confidence but also enable them to face the stiff competition at the national and international level,\" added former international shuttler Gandhe.Southpaw Harsheel became the National junior champion this year, while Karishma emerged runner-up in the U-15 girls singles category of the Nationals. Riya also did well and was selected in the national junior team. The cost for the training stint including lodging and boarding of all the players is sponsored jointly by Sunrise Sports (I) Pvt.Ltd and the MBA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12957391", "title": "Presidential poll: Split in NDA ranks, Cong could be gainer", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sharp cracks have developed in the NDA over Presidential polls, with JD (U) taking strong exception to BJP's \"unilateral\" declaration on Monday to oppose Congress's moves to forge consensus over its candidate and declaring that it could now act independently on the matter.Lodging a strong protest, both JD (U) chief Sharad Yadav and Bihar CM Nitish Kumar emphasized that their party was not bound by BJP's unilateral decision: a development that can potentially clear the way for smooth election of a Congress nominee in the presidential polls, while opening a chasm between the BJP and its most important ally, impacting the viability of NDA's challenge ahead of the 2014 Lok Sabha polls. Besides, the row among NDA partners has virtually nipped the possibility of former President A P J Abdul Kalam , whom Swaraj referred to as the potential choice of non-Congress players on Monday, entering the fray.Kumar did not agree with BJP's opposition to the idea to evolve a consensus over Pratibha Patil's successor in the Rashtrapati Bhawan, and frowned at Swaraj's rejection of Vice President Hamid Ansari's candidature for alleged lack of stature.\"Their indiscretion may cost the BJP the 42,000 votes that JD (U) has in the electoral college for presidential polls,\" said a colleague of the Bihar CM as he tried to sum up the potential fallout of the tension with BJP.A worried BJP tried to put up a brave front by minimizing the disconnect. \"There is no difference between what Sharad Yadav (JD-U chief) said and what she (Sushma Swaraj) said... it is true that Sushma Swaraj stated the BJP's view and not that of the NDA,\" party spokesperson Rajiv Pratap Rudy said.The development came on a day, when an agency report from Hyderabad quoted a CPM leader as saying that said that the Left is open to supporting both Ansari and finance minister Pranab Mukherjee for the top constitutional position, underlining the advantage Congress is steadily acquiring in the prestigious contest.A gleeful Congress reacted to the faultlines in NDA ranks. Congress spokesperson Manish Tewari said, \"The reaction of the JD(U) should be a reminder to BJP that consultations and sounding out about the Presidentship need to be conducted with restrain and dignity. The august office of President should not be brought in the realm of unnecessary speculation.\"On Monday, Swaraj had said that BJP would oppose whoever - Ansari or Mukherjee - Congress fields in the presidential polls.Talking to reporters on Tuesday, Yadav said that his party was not taken into confidence by BJP. \"We expected a consensus in NDA over this but this was not to be,'' said the JD (U) chief, while briefing reporters about his party's stand over the issue. Whatever Sushma Swaraj has said is the opinion of the BJP. This is not our party's view. The issue was not discussed in any NDA meeting.''\"Ours is a different party and theirs another,\" he added. It's a reminder to the BJP that it could not take decision on behalf of others. He also referred to a statement of Punjab's Deputy CM, Sukhbeer Singh Badal, to say that BJP did not bother to consult Akalis and other allies either.Nitish Kumar's reaction was even stronger, with the Bihar CM objecting not only to the unilateral way in which Swaraj made the statement, but also to its contents. He was also far more forthright in suggesting that JD (U) could act on its own. \"If this BJP's final decision, then they have taken a unilateral call. There have been no consultation with us. We will hold talks and take our own decision\", Kumar told TOI from Patna.The Bihar CM, who has lately had uneasy equations with BJP, also supported efforts to forge a consensus over who gets to be the next President. \"The option of consensus is the most desirable one and should not be foreclosed,\" he said.Kumar also made plain his unhappiness with Swaraj's \"stature deficit\" remark about Ansari. \"It is not a fair shot for someone with such a distinguished background. Even Pranab babu enjoys a special stature. We should be more circumspect about what we say about people who have contributed for decades to public life in diverse roles,\" said the Bihar CM.Kumar's angry reaction does not bode well for the health of the NDA. The Bihar CM appeared to chaff at being in the company of the BJP, and many of his colleagues feel that BJP's statement could help him make up his mind fast.The split in the NDA can, however, encourage Congress to cast their net wide in search of support for its nominee. The party is confident that all UPA partners, including West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee , will not break ranks, and its hope of finding support from both SP and BSP are getting stronger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12963883", "title": "Ishaqzaade", "text": "CreditsDirector: Habib FaisalCast: Arjun Kapoor, Parineeti ChopraDOP: Hemant ChaturvediMusic: Amit TrivediLyrics: Kausar MunirProduction Designer: Mukund GuptaEditor: Aarti BajajChoreographer: Rekha &amp; Chinni PrakashAction: Sham KaushalSynopsisRising from the ashes of hooliganism and small town clan wars, comes the love story of a passion ignited by hatred. Of two people. Born to hate. Destined to love.One kingdom. One throne. Two wild animals... unpredictable Parma... ferocious Zoya. A battle... deafened by sounds of hate, revenge, bullets and deceit.A story... about two fiery bloods played by Arjun Kapoor and Parineeti Chopra , and their fight for power and supremacy.A story about love brewing in a small town burning with hatred.A story called Ishaqzaade.Follow the story of the ishaqzaade's as their turbulent journey unfolds in the often unrealistic and daunting political confines of rural India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12959098", "title": "Days before Advani visit, bomb goes off in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: A low-intensity bomb exploded near a Ram temple in Madurai in the early hours of Tuesday. The explosive device was hidden in a box attached to a cycle parked near the gate of the temple at Anna Nagar. The explosion occurred around 3am, and no one was injured. The blast comes days before L K Advani and other senior BJP leaders are scheduled to visit the city for a two-day party conference.The explosion did not cause any major damage even to the cycle, except blowing away its seat. \"It was a very low-intensity bomb made out of chemicals used in firecrackers. It was not intended to cause any damage. It seems the culprits only intended to threaten and create panic,\" said Anna Nagar assistant commissioner S Velladurai.Though the bomb was of low-intensity, it appeared sophisticated and the operation seemed to have been executed meticulously, police said. \"Four nine-volt batteries, usually used in electronic gadgets, were found at the site of the blast. There were four clocks as well, probably used as timers,\" Velladurai said.The blast comes ahead of the state BJP conference, scheduled for May 11 and 12 when key leaders, including Advani, are expected to visit Madurai. In October last year, a pipe bomb was found under a bridge near Madurai on the route Advani was to take during his rath yatra.Urging the police to arrest the culprits at the earliest, BJP state secretary Pon Radhakrishnan said the explosion was an attempt to disrupt the party conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12961967", "title": "Folk Singer Malini Awasthi composes music for 'Kuch Toh Log Kahenge'", "text": "Known for her folk music and a leading Thumri singer of the Benaras Gharana, Malini Awasthi has been roped in by the makers of 'Kuch Toh Log Kahenge', aired on Sony TV.Dr. Nidhi (Kritika Kamra) and Dr. Ashutosh ( Sharad Kelkar) are all set to get married and as part of their wedding celebrations, there will be two songs originally composed and sung by the noted folk artist. Malini's songs will be featured as a part of Nidhi's haldi ceremony. A multi talented singer with versatile styles, Malini Awasthi creates the old world charm of Lucknow through her music in the serial.A beaming Awasthi confirmed to sources that she was happy composing music for the serial which brought back fond memories of her home in Lucknow. Sources further reveal that the two co-actors (Kamra and Kelkar) will dance on a romantic number for this special episode. Will it be a lavish affair? Tune in to find out!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12958307", "title": "Now get your driving licences at doorstep", "text": "GURGAON: If officials at the regional transport authority (RTO) are to be believed, applying for driving licence or registration of a vehicle will become as easy as pie. Eliminating the need for repeated visits, the department has launched a home delivery system of registration certificates (RCs) and driving licences (DLs).Those opting for this facility will have to pay only Rs 20 extra as speed post charges. For this ambitious service, the postal department has signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with the District Information Technology Society (DITS). A separate counter is being set up at E-Disha centre of Mini Secretariat where an official of the postal department would be posted to manage the services.The consumers would have to pay the fee to DITS to avail this service. Initially, only areas falling in Gurgaon tehsil and Manesar tehsil would be covered, said an official spokesperson.At the time of dispatch of the document, the applicant would be informed through SMS that RC or DL has been prepared and it would be sent through speed post to his/ her residential address.Superintendent of post offices (Gurgaon division) Jagdish Chander said that the department of posts would go extra mile to ensure success of the project and deliver the documents in time to the applicants. \"This will save time and money besides unnecessary harassment that people used to face,\" he said.Chander said that in case of any laxity on the part of any postman in delivery of the documents, he would face suspension. Presently, about 250 to 300 SMS are sent daily regarding the preparation of RCs or DL and the applicants are informed to collect the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12957038", "title": "Enforcement directorate spoils Ashok Chavan's rehabilitation plans", "text": "MUMBAI: Political rehabilitation appears to be a distant dream for former chief minister Ashok Chavan .The enforcement directorate (ED) has initiated fresh criminal proceedings against him under the stringent Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA).Besides Chavan, ED has booked all politicians, bureaucrats and military personnel named in the FIR the CBI lodged on January 29, 2011. \"Ashok Chavan appears to be in deep trouble. First the FIR and now the ED action. In such circumstances, his political rehabilitation in the near future appears to be remote,\" said a senior Congress minister.All 14 accused named in the FIR will be booked under the PMLA's section 3, as per which: whosoever directly or indirectly attempts to indulge in or knowingly assists or is a party to any process or activity connected with the process of crime and projects it as untainted property shall be guilty of the offence of money laundering; if held guilty, the accused will be sentenced to rigorous imprisonment for a term not less than three years and extendible to seven years, with a fine up to Rs 5 lakh.In the FIR, the CBI alleged that Chavan, while he was revenue minister in 2000, became a member of the Adarsh conspiracy with a section of defence officials and Congress leader Kanhaiyalal Gidwani, and included civilians as society members; later, in July 2009, when he was CM, he gave the housing society a 15% recreation ground concession-which had not been allowed earlier-and in turn got his relatives membership in the society, thus abusing his official position.When a two-member judicial commission headed by former Bombay high court judge J A Patil submitted its report to the government on April 12, Chavan felt it was a major victory for him since the panel had observed that the Adarsh land belonged to the state government and there was no reservation for Kargil war heroes. In view of the specific observations of the commission, Chavan's supporters took the view that there was no longer any jurisdiction of the CBI in the case. \"We were under the impression that since the land belonged to the state government, it was beyond the powers of the CBI to probe into the matter. Further, the allotment of land to the society or the procurement of membership was an irregularity and not an illegality. However, now it appears that our assumption was wrong and Chavan will have no option but to face legal consequences,\" the senior minister said.In the recent past, not only chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and former chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh, but also AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi had an interaction with Ashok Chavan. At a recent meeting of senior Congress leaders, when Gandhi found that Chavan was in the audience, he immediately called him on the stage. \"From political developments in Maharashtra, it appeared that Chavan was on a comeback trail, but with the ED action, he will have to wait longer,\" the senior minister said.The high court, on the PIL of activist Pravin Wategaonkar, has asked ED and the CBI to examine if proceedings can be initiated under the PMLA against former CMs Vilasrao Deshmukh and Sushilkumar Shinde , and a section of bureaucrats as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12957673", "title": "Theft in Ambad area", "text": "NASHIK: In a complaint launched at the Ambad police station, Shorab Kumar of Cidco has been accused of stealing tin sheets worth Rs 1.3 lakh from an industrial unit in Ambad.In a complaint lodged at Ambad Police Station by Manoj Rajwadkar of Indiranagar. The complainant has accused Shorabh Kumar from Cidco of stealing tin sheets worth Rs 1.3 lakh from Laxmi Industries in Ambad MIDC, between April 27 and April 20. The Ambad police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12958563", "title": "One-fourth of city police force shows heart, pledges organs", "text": "CHENNAI: At least one-fourth of more than 19,000 police officers in the city, including commissioner J K Tripathy, have pledged their organs for donation.The programme, \"DAAN - Donate Organ, Donate Life,\" launched across the country by Apollo Hospitals, Chennai Police, Indian Medical Association (IMA), Cadaver Transplant Programme ( Government of Tamil Nadu), HCL Technologies Ltd and Mohan Foundation on February 29, has so far received a record 15,500 pledges, organizers say.Around 3,000 HCL employees, 5,000 IMA representatives, 4,500 Chennai police officials, including commissioner Tripathy and additional commissioner of police (traffic) Sanjay Arora and his wife, and 3,000 Apollo Hospitals employees have pledged their organs.Of the 2,10,000 patients waiting for kidney transplant across the country, only 3,500 get one every year. Just 0.01% of the one lakh-plus patients requiring a liver transplant get one and less than 100 patients get a heart transplant every year, sources said.Mythili Sriram, consultant, CSR projects, Apollo Hospitals, said, \"the paucity of organ donation in our country can largely be attributed to surrounding myths and lack of awareness. Project DAAN envisages demystifying the myths and enhancing awareness.\"After successfully completing phase-1, the DAAN team is planning a national Organ Donation Pledge Day and a massive organ donation database in the second phase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12958809", "title": "Haryana's land acquisition policy: BJP urges probe by SC judge or division bench", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Terming the observations made by the Supreme Court against the land acquisition for the Pinjore-Kalka urban complex as a mirror shown to the Haryana government, the BJP on Tuesday sought a judicial probe by a sitting judge or division of Apex court to probe land acquisition taken place during Hooda regime.Interacting with mediapersons here, Ratan Lal Kataria, the party spokesman and former MP categorically demanded white paper on the land acquisition. Accompanied by senior state leaders who included Gian Chand Gupta and B B Singhal, Kataria also asked the UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi and AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi to come out with their stand.\"Despite the fact that the Haryana government has been snubbed by the Punjab and Haryana high court as well as the Supreme Court, Sonia Gandhi, as well as Rahul Gandhi continue to pat chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda for its land acquisition policy. We are confused as who is right-Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi or the Apex court which has brought the real facts to light,'' he said.Kataria was referring to the SC observation on land acquired by HUDA for carving out 33 sectors of Pinjore-Kalka urban complex. A major chunk of the acquired land is released to private builders, it is alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12956885", "title": "RDX not used in 13/7 blasts, but found in bombers\u2019 flat", "text": "MUMBAI: Chemical analysis of a powder-like substance collected from a Byculla apartment where two suspected Pakistani 13/7 bombers stayed has proved that it is the deadly explosive RDX.The revelation is worrying security agencies as investigations after the triple blasts on July 13 last year that killed 27 had shown that RDX was not used in any of the bombs, raising questions about what the explosives might be used for.The powder was analyzed by a team of experts from the Kalina Forensic Science Laboratory. A copy of the report has been sent to the state Anti-Terrorism Squad, which is probing the three blasts at Dadar, Opera House and Zaveri Bazar.Two suspected Pakistani bombers stayed in Byculla's Habib Mansion for over nine months between February and November 2011. Police had said the 13/7 bombs were made in the apartment and the duo planted them at Opera House and Zaveri Bazar.After the blasts, a chemical analysis showed the bombs were a cocktail of TNT, ammonium nitrate, and petroleum hydrocarbon. Trinitrotoluene, or TNT, was the main explosive. The report clearly stated RDX was not used in the bombs.Now, the presence of RDX traces in the apartment has foxed senior officials. For one, RDX is not available in the market like other explosives and chemicals. Two, if the RDX was not used in the 13/7 blasts, what would it be used for?Sleuths of the Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) investigating the triple blasts on July 13 last year had collected in the first week of this January three toothbrushes, one towel, a comb, computer disks, a desktop, several strands of hair, shirts, trousers and several glasses from a flat in Habib Mansion in Byculla, said sources. Two suspected Pakistani bombers had apparently stayed there and the bombs used in the blasts were made there. Besides, traces of yellowish black powder and grey powder were also taken from the flat and sent to Kalina FSL for analysis.The DNA report of the samples collected from this apartment will be sent to the ATS by May-end, say officials. The ATS has arrested four persons for their suspected role in the blasts and is looking for several others.\"Neither RDX nor PETN were used in the 13/7 bombs,\" said an ATS officer. He added that the bombs seemed to follow an older pattern. TNT, a yellow solid, is sometimes used as a reagent in chemical synthesis, but it is best known as an explosive.The Zaveri Bazar and Opera House bombs weighed around 2.5 to 3 kg while the bomb set off near Dadar station was around 1.5 kg. However, it is not the TNT but ammonium nitrate that points to a sinister pattern. Ammonium nitrate was earlier used in three 2003 blasts (in BEST buses at Ghatkopar, Mulund and Vile Parle), the 2006 11/7 serial train blasts, the 2008 Jaipur blasts and the 2010 German Bakery blast in Pune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "bharuch", "code": "12960656", "title": "Political slugfest shrouds Narmada bridge function", "text": "BHARUCH: The function of laying foundation stone for a new bridge over Narmada in Bharuch on Tuesday turned into an open political slugfest with Congress and BJP trying to take the credit for the work in the state.The function also witnessed acrimonious scenes when BJP MP from Bharuch Mansukh Vasava's criticism of UPA government enraged Congress workers present there. The workers started hurling expletives at him and created a scene. An agitated Vasava abruptly stopped his speech and warned the Congress workers to behave themselves or face consequences. \"It will take me just two minutes to teach you a lesson and teach you how to behave,\" he thundered from the dais. Vasava was hitting out at UPA government for not completing its 2005 promise of constructing Dandi heritage road.All the ruckus took place in the presence of four Central ministers - CP Joshi , minister for road, transport and highways, his deputy Tushar Chaudhary, Bharatsinh Solanki, junior minister for railways and Dinsha Patel , minister for mines (independent charge). Gujarat's roads and buildings minister Anandi Patel, sports minister Ishwarsinh Patel, local MLAs and MPs were also present on the dais.This was enough instigation for Joshi and Leader of Opposition in the state assembly Shaktisinh Gohil, who started blaming NDA, Gujarat government and BJP leaders.\"UPA is giving five times more to Gujarat than what NDA was giving. Gujarat's 9 per cent GDP is due to improved policies of UPA but if BJP MP and minster Anandi Patel are blaming us, then I want to ask them that how many times they met me to resolve the issue of traffic chaos on Narmada Bridge. It was Ahmed Patel who talked with road and highway department to resolve the issue.\"Addressing the gathering, Gohil said, \"For BJP, Sauna Saath Sauno Vikas is merely a slogan. But we have fulfilled it in true sense. We invited BJP ministers, MLAs and MPs gave them seat in first row. We also provided them mikes to express their views. We believe in simplicity and don't want to use public money in felicitation function like other BJP leaders.\"She also handed over a written representation to Joshi asking him to extend Ahmedabad-Vadodara Expressway up to Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12958141", "title": "Congress mouthpiece backs Indo-Pak talks", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress said India can never turn its back on dialogue with Pakistan if its wants peace in the region, a significant assertion in the backdrop of Pakistani President's visit and talks with the PM last month.In a brief editorial, Congress mouthpiece Sandesh says, \"Dialogue has no parallel in resolving disputes and improvement of bilateral relationship. We can never close our doors to dialogue if we want to maintain peace in the region.\"The statement is important in view of indications to the contrary after Congress chief Sonia Gandhi skipped the PM's lunch for Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari . A section of partymen said the absence was aimed at tempering the enthusiasm over the Pakistan head's visit, lest it put India on a weak footing on its prime concern about terrorism. The lunch, though, was attended by the party's heir apparent Rahul Gandhi .The party organ backed PM Manmohan Singh for striving hard to resolve differences with the neighbour by reconciling divergent viewpoints on outstanding issues. In a critical observation, the editorial said, \"The suggestion of some that first some conditions must be fulfilled before a dialogue should ensue between the two countries can only lead to distance and confrontation.\"Zardari's visit on April 8 stirred the lull in Indo-Pak ties after Mumbai attacks that India found was orchestrated by Pakistani spy establishment. While the Ajmer-bound President's visit was religious in nature, he came to the national Capital to hold talks with the PM. The Indian side told him there was need for progress on ending terrorism emanating from Pakistan, specifically its links to the Mumbai attacks. It also broached the subject of Lashkar chief Hafiz Saeed, who is freely leading an anti-India campaign in the country.The editorial quoted the PM saying that India was ready to find a pragmatic solution to the multiple issues between the two countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12962900", "title": "Dakshina Kannada Police goes in for major revamp of its website.", "text": "MANGALORE: Dakshina Kannada district police is off line. The first police unit in Karnataka to explore the World Wide Web to create an interface with the press and the public at large way back in December 2005 through a blog, DK district police shifted from maintaining a blog to a proper website four years later, in December 2009. Recognizing certain shortcomings in the web site, DK police has now gone off line for what SP Abhishek Goyal says is a revamp.The website in is initial phases of redesigning, Abhishek told TOI, adding district police has grand plans to use it for a variety of purposes including as tool to monitor progress in implementing CM DV Sadananda Gowda's pet project - the Karnataka Guarantee of Services to Citizens System aka Sakala. \"It is better to use in-house product to keep tabs on how department is responding to Sakala and monitor tasks given to officers concerned,\" SP said.Helping the district police in revamping the website is Hyderabad based Zestwings IT Services, which on the eve of by-elections to Udupi-Chikmagalur parliamentary constituency developed the Smart Information Messenger for Public and Law Enforcement Engagement Karnataka (SIMPLEE K) for Western Range of police department. \"Zestwings has come forward to help us with the revamp of the website for free and there is no financial burden on us,\" he noted.The revamped website, SP said would be capable of hosting very large size picture files. \"We also have plans to load good quality videos that can be of use not only to the general public but also for the department personnel,\" he said. In addition, the revamped website will be more interactive enabling netizens to communicate with the department, have additional features such as Google Maps and clear jurisdictional picture of the district police unit, he pointed.Feedback received from citizens when the revamped website goes online shortly would be used to make it better, SP said. It was then SP B Dayananda, now additional Commissioner of Police (Crime), Bangalore City Police who started the weblog in 2005 with purpose of disseminating police news of the district to those interested. The revamped website, Abhishek said would be like Facebook where users can view and comment on things to which they have access.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12959175", "title": "Ray of hope for 5 \u2018TDR\u2019 tuberculosis patients", "text": "MUMBAI: For the first time in five years, Rashida (name changed ) has some good news to savour: her sputum has tested negative for the tubercle bacillus. Tuberculosis and its resistant forms had over time reduced the once hyperactive mother of two to a helpless patient. She was confined to bed; her husband had to sell a portion of his farmland in UP's Deveria village to finance her treatment and they moved in to a chawl in Mumbai. Rashida was one of the 12 patients who, while under treatment with Hinduja Hospital doctors, was labelled with totally drug-resistant (TDR) TB. Besides Rashdia, four others have tested negative for TB in their sputum, but have to wait for their sputum culture test before they can celebrate.In January, the Hinduja team published a letter in the Clinical Infectious Diseases (CID) journal about the tuberculosis patients who were resistant to most known TB drugs. A lot of TB management has changed in Mumbai since then. Rashida and her husband, who took up a job as a tailor in the city, are a testimony to that. \"For the first time in years, she is sputum-negative and has a ray of hope,'' said her doctor, Zarir F Udwadia, one of the authors of the CID piece.The Hinduja Hospital experience stirred a worldwide debate that ended on World TB Day on March 24, with the World Health Organisation stating that it's not yet time to use the label of TDR-TB. The Hinduja patients were labelled as XXDR-TB (extra extensively drug-resistant ). In Mumbai, patients have easier access to diagnosis and treatment. BMC's first TB officer Dr Minni Khetrapal said 783 patients of multi drugresistant TB and eight of extremely drug-resistant TB are under their direct treatment: \"Six of the eight XDR patients are from the original Hinduja Hospital's 12 patients. Our officials are in weekly touch with them ; they are doing well,'' she said.If Rashida were to return to UP, the revised TB programme will ensure that her treatment-costing the government nearly Rs 5 lakhwill be available to her. \"TDR is not untreatable,'' said Dr Udwadia. \"Five of the 12 patients seem to be making progress,'' he said, adding that two were not doing too well. \"With only six months of the two-year treatment complete, it's premature to talk of them being cured.'' A senior doctor said the XXDRTB patients were given \"salvage drugs'' that have severe side-effects. \"One of the drugs is used for skin and soft tissue infection. They may be responding to it now, but can they take it for 18 more months ?'' the doctor asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12961469", "title": "Aamir Khan to enter Indian soaps", "text": "Aamir Khan will do anything it takes to promote Satyamev Jayate. The actor will make a presence on all the popular shows being aired on Star Plus, the first being Diya Aur Baati Hum.The cast and crew were thrilled to have Aamir Khan on the sets, and shooting with him gave them another high altogether. In fact, Anas Rashid, who plays Sooraj in the serial, was more than happy at the opportunity. \"The whole mood on sets changed that day. Everyone was only smiling,\" he said.Aamir Khan was seen interacting with people of Hanuman Gali, around Sooraj's sweet shop, and promoting Satyamev Jayate. Aamir himself was more than keen for his cameo appearances and said that Satyamev Jayate has in fact been an intriguing experience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "ghumar mandi", "code": "12960370", "title": "After 35-yr-long innings, prof Rajinder of Gujranwala Guru Nanak Khalsa College retires", "text": "GHUMAR MANDI: As professor Rajinder Singh, 60, retired from Gujranwala Guru Nanak Khalsa College, Ghumar Mandi, after serving for 35 years, his colleagues organized a farewell party on the campus on Monday.He retired as head of the physical education department. His wife Parminder Kaur and daughter Puneet Kaur also attended the function. The college principal, R P Singh, said, \"People like Rajinder Singh are hard to find. He shared an amazing rapport with the staff as well as the students.''It was an emotional moment for lecturer Manjeet Singh Komal, too, as he did not want him to leave the college. \"We wish him all the best. It was great working with him,'' Manjeet and Barinderjit Singh Birdi, also his colleague, said.A resident of Vikas Nagar, Rajinder said, \"Since I was a child, I wanted to be a sportsperson. I fulfilled my dream in 1972, the year in which I won a national award for cycling... I had completed 4,800-metre race in nine minutes 13 seconds.''\"In 1976, I got a job as a lecturer in a Rada Sahib college. After that I went to Sangrur, Patiala and then Ludhiana in 1979. Initially, I worked in SCD Government College, and in 1982, I joined Gujranwala college... I have been here since then.'' he smiled.So what was his philosophy while teaching? \"My philosophy has been simple - be good human beings. I always discouraged tuitions and was always available for my students. They even used to come to my house to study.''A member of the marriage disputes cell of Ludhiana police, Rajinder said now he would do more of social work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12965426", "title": "Ayaz Khan aka Gaurav Chopra\u2019s Parichay with his girlfriend?", "text": "Things take an interesting turn tomorrow night (3rd May) on 'Parichay - Nayee Zindagi Kay Sapno Ka'. Siddhi (Keerti Nagpure) will stun Gaurav (Ayaz Khan) by making his clandestine affair public in front of the whole family.Further in the episode, Siddhi forces Gaurav to bring his girlfriend out from hiding and Gaurav is left with no choice but to oblige. But Siddhi's claims prove to be false and the family is angry with her, especially Seema (Aarti Singh) and Kunal ( Samir Soni). They begin to feel that Siddhi is trying to ruin Gaurav and Seema's marriage by intervening in their personal lives.Who is hiding the truth? Is Gaurav lying or is Siddhi misinformed? Tune in to stay posted!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12961651", "title": "Students' Choice", "text": "KOLKATA: Following the successful introduction of the GRE revised General Test; the GRE programme is now introducing the ScoreSelect option to improve its test-taker friendly platform. With the ScoreSelect option, GRE test takers can decide which test scores to send to the institutions. They can now send the scores which they feel reflect their best performance.The ScoreSelect option will be available from July 2012. It is built on the momentum that started with the 2011 launch of the test-taker friendly GRE revised General Test, to which test takers worldwide responded to with great enthusiasm. \"The ScoreSelect option focuses on helping test takers succeed on the road to an advanced degree because they can approach test day with more confidence,\" shared James Wimbush, dean of the University Graduate School and professor of Business Administration, Indiana University , and 2011-2012 GRE board chair.\"Adding enhancements, like the new ScoreSelect option, to our test-taker friendly platform helps people feel good about making a move towards graduate and business schools, and that is what is most exciting about this announcement,\" said David Payne , vice president and chief operating officer of the Higher Education Division at ETS.On the test day, when viewing their scores at the test center, they can select the ScoreSelect- most recent option or ScoreSelect- all option. Test takers can decide which option to use for each of their four free score reports.After the test day, test takers can send additional score reports for a fee and select ScoreSelect- most recent option or ScoreSelect- all option or ScoreSelect- any option. Scores for a test administration must be reported in their entirety.\"The ScoreSelect option for the GRE tests is an extension of ETS's long-standing strong commitment to enable even more individuals to take the next step towards graduate or business schools and give them invaluable additional opportunities for their future,\" averred Michael Sullivan, executive director, STEM, Hispanic Research Center, Arizona State University .The new ScoreSelect option will be available for both the GRE revised General Test and GRE Subject Tests, and can be used by anyone with reportable scores from the last five years. For more information log on to www.ets.org/gre.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12956707", "title": "Films may soon be modified for idiot box", "text": "MUMBAI: The Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) may introduce a category for films screened on television. A 'Modified for Television' category is being deliberated upon by the information &amp; broadcasting (I&B;) ministry and CBFC, and was discussed with a film delegation in New Delhi on Monday.Filmmakers are concerned over the repercussions of restrictions on film screenings on television, which may impact revenues if pushed to late-night slots. Ekta Kapoor's The Dirty Picture was not allowed to be telecast at prime-time for its alleged mature content. Balaji Motion Pictures CEO Tanuj Garg, who was at the Delhi meeting, said, \"The meeting between the I&B; ministry, producers and CBFC was seemingly positive. We relayed our concerns on behalf of the industry, which were heard and understood. We are expecting a way forward very shortly from the CBFC.\"Any content--film, serial or advertisement--has to follow the programme code of The Cable Television Networks (Regulation) Act. A 'UA' rated film can be telecast; a producer submits an adult certificate film to CBFC and gets a 'UA' rating after proper cuts, before it is telecast.An industry source said, \"Some films have adult themes and even after censorship, the film retains its mature theme, which has been objected to by certain viewers, who feel it is unsuitable for children. The ministry has decided to be more stringent and will suggest a special clearance for films.''The film industry has appealed to the I&B; ministry to stop censorship for TV promos too. In a letter to the ministry, the producers have stated that like television, which works on the principle of censorship, they too should be allowed to cut promos similarly. A producer said, \"Each time we cut a promo, we have to run to the censor board, which is stressful at the time of a release.''Broadcasters stayed away from the meeting. A senior producer said, \"They will stand to lose in terms of money and TRPs, but no one came forward to voice their concerns with the government.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12957950", "title": "Mohan Zode is Maharashtra state electricity distribution company limited's new chief engineer", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra state electricity distribution company limited (MSEDCL) has effected a major reshuffle in the state. Mohan Zode will be the new chief engineer of Nagpur urban zone.Sources told TOI that 10 chief engineers and four superintending engineers have been transferred while two superintending engineers were promoted as chief engineers.Chief engineer of Nagpur Urban Zone Ramesh Bundile has been transferred to the head office in Mumbai. He will join the APDRP department. Bundile will be replaced by Zode who was at the head office. Zode was earlier the chief engineer of Akola zone.Superintending engineer MS Kele has been promoted as chief engineer (commercial). Kele was the superintending engineer of Nagpur Urban Circle before Prasad Reshme.Arvind Bhadikar will join as the new superintending engineer of Nagpur Rural Circle. Bhadikar was working with the Nagpur Urban Circle and transferred to the head office on promotion a year ago.The regional executive director's office located on Katol Road will get Balwant Dongre as its first chief engineer.The superintending engineer of Wardha division Neeladhar Borikar has been transferred to Washim and will be replaced by PR Bharati who is posted at Nagpur Urban Zone. The post of superintending engineer is vacant at Chandrapur and Bartakke would fill in, said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12962277", "title": "No takers for Lumiere Brothers?", "text": "This Malayalam film is, ironically, about two youngsters struggling to make a film. And just like it happens in the film, 'Lumiere Brothers' which has been directed by a group of aspiring filmmakers, finds that there are no theatres willing to screen the film. The recently released film is being screened at just one theatre in Kochi.\"The Malayalam film industry has been extremely indifferent towards newcomers. We spend a good Rs 65,000 for acquiring the permission for the release, yet, we are now left in the lurch,\" said actor Hari G, who plays one of the lead roles in the film.The film, produced on a shoe string budget of Rs 25 lakh, has been directed by newcomer Madhu Thathampilly. The story, screenplay and dialogues are by Mahindkar Kechery.They are now hoping their appeal would be heard by other theatre owners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12963589", "title": "NRI woman in Sweden claims son being held in foster care", "text": "KOLKATA: Close on the heels of the Norway child custody row, a similar case has come to light in Sweden where an NRI woman has claimed that her son is being held in foster care on charges of neglect and sought help from Indian authorities.Inspired by the recent release of Abhigyan and Aishwarya by a Norwegian civil court and their return to India in the custody of their uncle, NRI mother Annie Johansson has also sought the help of Anurup and Sagarika Bhattacharyas for getting custody of her 11-year-old son Domenic from Swedish authorities.Her son is being held by the Swedish Gotland Municipal Social Welfare Committee, Kolkata-based NGO India's Smile, which has claimed to have brought to light the custody row over the two NRI children in Norway, told PTI.She has contacted the NGO from Visby in Sweden, India's Smile secretary Trustee Rajeev Sarkar said.The NGO said that the authorities of Gotland Municipal Social Welfare Committee had allegedly taken away her son in 2009 and placed him in an emergency foster home on the ground that the parents were not taking proper care of him.The mother alleged that the Swedish authority which had no idea of Indian culture and tradition, held that Domenic was not being reared suitably.Annie, the NGO said, has sought help of the Indian people and government to get back her son, and would also like to return to India permanently from Sweden once Domenic's custody was restored to her.Annie, whose earlier name was Nirmalkumar Bharos, a resident of Pune, married Christer Johansson in India on April 24, 2000. After their marriage, they continued to stay in India.Annie was pregnant with Domenic when there was a devastating earthquake in 2001 and the Johanssons family lost everything and decided to migrate back to Sweden.Domenic was born on Swedish soil on September 9, 2001. The NGO has forwarded Annie's prayer to the National Human Rights Commission chairman, with copies to the President, Prime Minister, External Affairs Minister, Minister for Overseas Indian Affairs as well as Union Home minister.The NGO said that Annie's appeal to the President has been referred by the President's secretariat to the Ministry of Overseas Indian affairs.Another plea of Annie to the Indian External Affairs ministry, was under consideration, the NGO claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12958074", "title": "PM to take stock of food storage facility today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is likely to discuss the foodgrain storage and crop situation with food minister K V Thomas and agriculture minister Sharad Pawar on Wednesday amid news of a bumper harvest this year and overflowing granaries.The meeting, slated for Monday, was postponed, and is likely to discuss options before the government to offload the grains in the central pool that are expected to reach record levels by June.While in Parliament, Thomas allayed fears of rotting grains by noting that relatively little quantity had gone bad last year, the government is caught in a quandary between exporting grains and distributing it under the subsidized public distribution system.Thomas had told the Rajya Sabha that the stock of wheat and rice stood at 199.52 lakh tonnes and 333.50 lakh tonnes, respectively, as on April 1, 2012, against the buffer norms of 70 lakh tonnes and 142 lakh tonnes for wheat and rice, respectively.But the Food Corporation of India (FCI) in a recent note to the government warned that by the beginning of June, 2012, a total of 472.9 lakh tonnes of grains would be lying in FCI warehouses and with Punjab, Madhya Pradesh and Haryana governments. It had noted that \"FCI and the state agencies will be faced with unprecedented problems of shortage of storage capacity resulting in large stock of wheat in CAP (kept in open plinths covered with tarpaulin) in Punjab, Haryana and Madhya Pradesh. It is also possible that substantial quantity may have to be storied in unscientific plinths.\"By June, when monsoon begins to lash across the country, 231.82 lakh tonnes of wheat will be exposed to sun on the plinths in these three states.The concerns have also been raised by the Opposition in Parliament, and the UPA could face the heat in the monsoon session once news of rotting grains start pouring in from the surplus states.Sharad Yadav of JD (U) speaking in the Lok Sabha had said on Monday, \"There is no greater priority at the moment, the cabinet should immediately decide what the government will do with the grains. This time there is no space for storage and a lot of foodgrains will be destroyed. The government should open a warm room for this immediately.\"While the government has permitted some export of non-basmati rice, the GoM has not taken a kind view of providing more grains under the PDS to the states. The off-take under PDS to states is expected to be even lower than the previous year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12958410", "title": "BJP seeks PM\u2019s assurance on defence preparedness", "text": "NEW DELHI: Opposition BJP on Tuesday demanded an assurance from Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on the country's defence preparedness in the wake of a parliamentary committee report voicing concern over shortage of equipment and ammunition, issues which were raised by the Army chief earlier.\"On March 12, 2012 chief of Army staff General V K Singh had written a confidential letter to the prime minister in which he had mentioned about the dangers to our security. The standing committee on defence has also admitted that the facts mentioned by Gen Singh are true,\" BJP spokesperson Rajiv Pratap Rudy said.He demanded an explanation from the PM whether the country was capable of facing any challenge to its defence. \"Are we ready to fight any crisis,\" he asked, and wanted to know if the morale of the Army was high.Pointing out that when the issues mentioned by Gen Singh in his letter were \"strongly raised\" in Parliament, defence minister A K Antony had clarified that the sensitive letter could not be a subject of general discussion.\"It was mentioned in the letter that the ammunition of tanks and guns have exhausted, the air defence equipment have lost their powers and the Army is facing shortage of arms,\" Rudy said, insisting that these concerns had been expressed about no \"ordinary force\" but the third largest military after the US and China.Taking up another crucial issue against the government on the occasion of international labour day, the party insisted that the rate of job generation in the country had almost come to a standstill during UPA rule. BJP demanded a clarification from the PM on its causes. \"On May Day, BJP offers its good wishes to the workmen and labourers of the entire world, especially of India. During NDA rule from 1999-2000 to 2004-05, the Indian economy generated employment for 62 million people but between 2004-05 and 2009-10, it generated only 2 million employment,\" Rudy said.Quoting from NSSO data, he wondered why employment was falling in the country when the government claimed the growth rate was 8.4%. \"We want to ask the prime minister as to what happened that employment almost came to a standstill during the UPA government,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12957008", "title": "Jaipur Municipal Corporation drive fails to gather steam on Day 2", "text": "JAIPUR: The much-hyped anti-encroachment drive of Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) in the Walled City failed to gather steam on day two.Trucks deployed to ferry the confiscated goods from the Walled city area returned empty on Tuesday.Temporary encroachments by vendors and make-shift cart owners in front of shops could not be removed as most didn't bother to pay any heed to JMC's warnings.JMC's chief executive officer Loknath Soni, however, said \"We have warned all the vendors. The teams will clamp down on them from Thursday. We had decided not to take strict action on the first three days of the drive.\"Meanwhile, the JMC has identified and prepared a list of 12 places for rehabilitation which will be proposed to the vendors' representatives at a meeting.An official said, \"In Hawa Mahal (East), we have identified around 10 places where the vendors can be rehabilitated. Two such places in Hawa Mahal (West) zone have been identified.\"\"The JMC will study the land title before proposing rehabilitation for vendors,\" he said. An official source said the civic body will study the feasibility of developing an underground market at Ramganj Chaupar, where the vendors can be rehabilitated.A similar market was proposed at Badi Chaupar, but was ruled out after Jaipur Metro planned to build stations at the site.On Tuesday, the JMC teams removed encroachments on the stretch from Surajpole Bazaar to Badi Chaupar. In Hawa Mahal (west) area, encroachments were removed from Chandpole Gate to Chhoti Chaupar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12957897", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation fiddles as city goes to the dogs", "text": "NAGPUR: The city is slowly going to the dogs, literally. Around 12 dog bite cases are reported every day in the city, with 4,659 people having been bitten from April 2011 to March 2012. But Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is doing nothing to check the stray dog menace, with canines seen everywhere from gardens and greenbelts to residential areas.In fact, these statistics of NMC's health department are for patients treated at NMC hospitals only. Many more dog bite victims are sure to have been treated at GMCH, IGGMC and private hospitals. A NMC health officer confirmed as much, \"Stray dog menace has become a major problem in the city. Children are especially at risk of becoming victims of dog bites.\"\"The authorities seem totally unwilling to check the menace, as statistics of 2011-2012 financial year show,\" said social activist Vijay Talewar, who has approached the high court over the stray dog menace.Over the years, the number of dog bite cases have only increased as the stray dog population has increased. Today, there are approximately 80,000 stray dogs, but no measures in place to contain the menace.NMC's casual approach can also be gauged from the fact that a six-member civic panel headed by the municipal commissioner to tackle the menace was set up only after HC directives. \"However, civic chief Sanjeev Jaiswal has not convened a single meeting of the committee in the last one year,\" claimed Talewar. Other members of the committee are Talewar, Dr Manohar Khobragade, Dr Gajanand Zade, Kamal Kishore Kediya and Anirudh Gupte.Nilesh Dandekar, a resident of Wanjari Nagar, said that the dog menace in their locality is so bad that no one dares venture out after 8pm. He said that almost every week they hear of residents or passersby being bitten by stray dogs.\"NMC should act to bring this problem under control. Getting treatment for dog bites is not the solution, the menace should be prevented. The only way out for us presently is keeping children away from the roads,\" he added.Abortive start to dog sterilizationEven as residents are demanding a solution to the growing stray dog menace, NMC says it is helpless. According to NMC, the Animal Birth Control (ABC) programme cannot be implemented due to lack of infrastructure and manpower.As per the directions of the Animal Welfare Board of India (AWBI), the ABC programme is the responsibility of NMC and state animal husbandry department. However, authorities in both departments claim that the infrastructure and manpower for executing the programme as per AWBI guidelines are inadequate.However, veterinary officer in NMC Dr Gajendra Mahalle said the civic body will start the ABC programme soon, as a dog shelter has been constructed at Bhandewadi. Dr Mahalle pointed out that as per AWBI guidelines, NMC has to take post-operative care of dogs that have undergone the ABC procedure.NMC had started the sterilization programme through some NGOs but irregularities led to the civic body ending it. Now, the civic body has decided to carry out the ABC programme on its own.REALITY BITESMonths CasesApr 2011410May 2011383Jun 2011326July 2011491Aug 2011266Sept 2011345Oct 2011282Nov 2011395Dec 2011295Jan 2012479Feb 2012398Mar 2012589Note: Figures from NMC hospitals only", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12965682", "title": "My mother watches prime time serials: Aamir", "text": "Aamir Khan's first television show will be telecast on Sunday morning. The actor insisted for that specific time slot as he didn't want to disturb the prime time audience, including his mother.\"I am not someone who can change the prime time. My mother watches most of the prime time serials so I know I can't compete with them. I want undivided attention for my show,\" said Aamir who is gearing up on promoting the show which goes on air from May 6.Aamir believes in experimenting and taking risks. He feels the time is perfect for his issue based show. Aamir is confident to get back the audience who loved watching cult serials like Ramayana and Mahabharata every Sunday morning time. \"I want everyone's attention on my show. I want Ramayan and Mahabharata's viewers back for Stayamev Jayate,\" Said Aamir, who is also happy that the show will air on national channel, Door Darshan too.Aamir truly feels the need for change on television. When asked if his show will bring about any change, he said, \"We definitely need change on television. There's a need for better quality content. I don't know if my show will bring about change. Although I hope it will, I'm also hoping that the content of Satyamev Jayate proves to be something like never before.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "civil lines", "code": "12960365", "title": "Jasbir Kaur gets a warm send off", "text": "CIVIL LINES: The principal of SCD Government College, Jasbir Kaur Makkar, retired on Tuesday after 34 years of service. Her colleagues gave her a farewell party on her retirement.A resident of Civil Lines, Makkar had joined the government college in Gurdaspur in 1978 as a music lecturer and was transferred to Government College for Women, Ludhiana in 1980. After serving 17 years at GCW, she had been transferred to Government College, Hoshiarpur, but returned to SCD Government College next year in 1998 to start music as a subject here. The music batch that started with just 10 students then has over 80 students now, she says.Makkar became the college principal in 2009. \"I did a lot of hard work for students during my tenure and it is evident in the numerous prizes our students won in many festivals and competitions,'' she adds.Lecturer R K Miglani of Kitchlu Nagar says it is hard to fill up the gap after Makkar's retirement. Lecturer Rajinder Singh of Civil Lines says she might have retired from a job but there may be other opportunities waiting for her. Lecturer Mukesh Arora from Rishi Nagar says not only the teachers but even the students will miss an obedient and hard worker like Jasbir. \"I didn't want this day to come as it would be tough top work in her absence now after being in her company for so many years,'' adds lecturer Ashwani Bhalla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12961284", "title": "Woman tests positive for H1N1", "text": "BHOPAL: A twenty-two-year old woman has tested positive for the H1N1 virus in Bhopal, in the first reported cases of swine flu in the state since March 27, this year. Regional medicine and research laboratory (RMRL) on Tuesday confirmed the contagion in the sample taken from %the patient.\"The patients have been prescribed Tamiflu (oseltamivir) and is under quarantine,\" said a health official. The patient was referred to the government-run Hamidia hospital on April 25 after she developed symptoms of upper respiratory distress. The woman had delivered a baby on April 23, after which she complained of the discomfort.So far this year, one death has been attributed to swine flu, in the city.As per the guidelines, all individuals seeking consultation for flu-like symptoms would be screened at healthcare facilities -- both government and private -- or examined by a doctor and will be categorized broadly under three categories 'A' (mild fever, cough, sore throat, diarrhoea), 'B' (high grade fever, vomiting, chronically ill) and 'C' (severe respiratory distress) depending on their health status.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12957360", "title": "Saudi national held with Rs 45K fake currency", "text": "MUMBAI: A 32-year-old captain of a merchant vessel was arrested for possessing fake currency with the face value of Rs 45,000 on Monday morning.Bandar Mohammed Ureb, a Saudi national who had come on a Mumbai tour, was caught by Customs officials at the city airport around 9am, said the Sahar police. He would be in police custody till May 3. Inspector Uttam Kolekar said: \"Ureb arrived here from Jeddah. He claimed to have got the Indian currency from a forex centre at the Jeddah airport. A probe is on.\"-V Narayan", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12957365", "title": "Red sanders worth Rs 3cr seized", "text": "MUMBAI: The marine and preventive wing of the Customs seized 31 metric tonnes of red sanders worth around Rs 3 crore in separate cases.On Monday, officials seized 15.45 metric tonnes of red sanders from near the Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust area. The consignment was meant for Al Boomi Trading Co, Dubai , which officials believe does not exist.Officials detained a person who admitted to be the key accused. He was also believed to be involved in a March 31 case, where officials had seized 16 metric tonnes of red sanders.Officials said the suspects falsely declared the goods as auto components. \"They even pasted fake government seals, suggesting that central excise officials examined the goods at the factory and confirmed that the same contained genuine stuff,\" said joint commissioner of Customs Rajesh Dhabre. The suspects also created fake Customs documents related to export.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12960352", "title": "Train arrives on time, surprises passengers", "text": "LUDHIANA: Passengers waiting for Indore-Jammu Tawi Superfast Malwa Express (12919) at the city railway station were pleasantly surprised on Tuesday when, perhaps for the first time in a few years, the train reached on time, breaking its notorious record of running late every day.Daily, it reaches here two to three hours late.Malwa express is a daily train that passes through about 40 railway stations, including Indore, Jhansi, Gwalior, Agra, Panipat, Saharanpur, Mathura, New Delhi, Ambala Cantt, Khanna, Ludhiana, Jalandhar, Amritsar and Jammu Tawi.It's official time to reach the city railway station is 10.30am, but it comes around 12.30pm or 1pm.Its punctuality on Tuesday caught some of the passengers unawares.\"I was about to miss the train because every day it comes very late and gives me enough time to catch it. If I were late even by five minutes, I would have missed it,'' said Karan Malhotra , a student and resident of Haibowal.A homemaker and resident of Harnam Nagar, Gomti Puri, said, \"It is amazing that it is running on time, otherwise the long wait is very annoying. The authorities should ensure that all trains are punctual.''Even the railway officers cannot recall when the train had arrived in time. \"The train coming from Indore is late most of the time because it covers many stations, while on its return journey it is on time. It is the only train that reaches late,'' said Vijay Bhatia, deputy station superintendent (commercial) of Ludhiana railway station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12966368", "title": "Shruti loves the mountain vibe", "text": "Shruti Haasan has just completed shooting for the last foreign schedule of Gabbar Singh and the actress seems to have had a great time of it. \"It's a wrap. I just got done with the last day of shooting for Gabbar Singh. I had such a fantastic time shooting with the entire crew and the whole experience has been super fun. I am keeping my fingers crossed for now as I eagerly await the movie to hit the screens,\" she says.As far as acting goes the actress seems to have impressed one and all with her single minded dedication. Admittedly the actress was a little unnerved at the prospect of sharing the screen with Pawan Kalyan. So the actress would make sure she had her lines a day in advance so that she could practice and get the set well prepared. Apparently Pawan Kalyan was very impressed with Shruti and had a lot of nice things to say about her.The pretty actress seems to have fallen in love with Switzerland . \"Switzerland is so stunning. The mountains have really got thinking and have given me a whole new perspective in life. Being able to say sorry, thank you and to day good bye with dignity is of utmost importance,\" she adds. Couldn't help wondering what the sorry and good bye was all about.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12962867", "title": "Areesz Gandhi in channel V\u2019s \u2018Dil Dostii Dance\u2019", "text": "Areesz Gandhi plays the new VP (vice principal) on Channel V's youth based show 'Dil Dostii Dance'.Gandhi's role on the show is that of man who is a stickler for disciple and sets his students straight. But his character will favour one special student named Shivam.Shooting for 'Dil Dosti and Dance' has commenced and Areesz has revealed to sources that his role in the serial will be different from the ones he has played earlier. The popular TV actor is currently shooting with Kareena Kapoor for Madhur Bhandarkar's 'Heroine'.Areesz has acted in films like 'Kurbaan', 'Rab Ne bana Di Jodi' and 'Saalam-e-Ishq' and been seen on TV shows like 'The Great Indian Comedy Show', 'Sab Ka Bheja Fry' and 'Pari hoon Main'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12957722", "title": "65-year-old killed in road accident", "text": "NASHIK: A 65-year-old lady was killed in a road accident, when she was travelling on a motorcycle with her relative .The complaint registered by Ravi Chavan of Jail Road, Nashik Road said that a speeding SUV coming from the opposite direction hit the motorcycle that the compainant was driving. driven by one Ravi Chavan of Jail Road.The accident took place near the Bangali Baba area on the Nashik-Pune Road on April 30. While the driver of the bike suffered injuries, the woman Bhikubai Chavan, was killed in the road accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12958301", "title": "Patient shifted from Artemis, family spared action on bill", "text": "GURGAON: Jyoti, the 21-year-old who was admitted to Artemis Hospital last November after she met with an accident, was shifted to another hospital on Monday.Anirban Sengupta, head of Sales and Marketing, Artemis Hospital, said, \"The hospital will not take any action against the family for the outstanding amount of Rs 23 lakh.\"A week ago, Artemis had asked the patient's family to relocate her. However, when they refused, Jyoti was relocated by the hospital authorities themselves.She was discharged and shifted to G B Pant hospital on Monday morning, from where her family moved her to another hospital. She has been bleeding profusely since Monday night.\"If anything happens to my daughter, I will sue Artemis hospital authorities,\" said Gyanchand, the patient's father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12956953", "title": "Workers resolve to fight for better execution of NREGA", "text": "JAIPUR: Thousands of labourers from various parts of the state assembled at Patia ka chowda grounds in Bhim in Rajsamand district on Tuesday and resolved to fight for better implementation of the Employment Guarantee Act and to campaign for a universal pension act.The labourers gathered for an evening of plays, songs and films dealing with their struggles on the occasion of May Day. They also pledged to fight for strengthening the Right to Information Act, and ensuring legislation on redressal of grievances. The participants said they would also ask the government to stop procurement of seeds from multi-national companies.The gathering was organized by Aruna Roy-led Mazdoor Kisan Shakti Sangathan, which has been holding a 'mazdoor mela' at the venue for the past 22 years since its inception. The 'mela' provides a platform to labourers to raise, discuss and reflect on issues of concern in an informal and open atmosphere of celebration.\"The Centre and the state government are keen on ensuring that the Employment Guarantee Act is removed. The government is trying to destroy the NREGA on the assumption that people do not want to work. The implementation of the Act has been skewed across the country. Even in the better administered areas, there have been major shortcomings in implementation,\" said Roy while addressing the gathering.\"Those seeking their rights have applied, petitioned, and even taken to the streets to seek redressal of their grievances. Industrialists, big landlords, contractors and other private entities do not want NREGA to be a success because it has increased the wages for laborers which obviously is a 'loss' to these entities. In this debate we also want to make it clear that NREGA is not in opposition to the small farmer as he is also a part-time NREGA worker. We believe that NREGA therefore, can actually be designed to be a support structure for the small and middle farmers,\" she said.The meeting also decided to work towards formation of workers unions to establish the collective voice of the unorganized sector. \"Many groups across the country have been working to unionize NREGA workers. This year also, we have decided to focus on formation of unions in different panchayats and blocks. For those of us who have been strong proponents of the NREGA, unionizing of the NREGA workers is a great opportunity to create a powerful movement not just for strengthening the Act, but also for bigger demands such as payment of minimum wages, and \"right to work,\" Roy added.The gathering also saw people visiting the 'School for Democracy', a brainchild of Roy, which would encourage democratic learning by political education. The school is nearing completion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12957343", "title": "Cong ignored warnings on \u2018promotion quota\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre turned a blind eye to repeated warning signs from within that 'promotion quota' was in danger, a fact which can paint Congress as the culprit among dalits agitated over the Supreme Court judgment quashing the quota in UP.The National Commission for SCs repeatedly asked the Centre to join the battle against Nagaraj case by becoming a party to the appeals filed in the Supreme Court. It wanted the government to argue that parts of the Nagaraj judgment -- seeking data to prove backwardness of dalits to make them eligible for promotion - were unconstitutional.According to sources, NCSC chairman P L Punia wrote to then law minister Veerappa Moily in May 2011 and then to his successor Salman Khurshid in October 2011, pleading that the Centre join the battle against the Nagaraj judgment.While the pleas were ignored, the apex court gave its landmark judgment in these cases by quashing the UP quota. \"Had the Centre agreed, a battery of senior lawyers would have argued against the Nagaraj judgment and we may have been saved this political trouble,\" a senior Congress leader said.To the alternate demand for amending the Constitution made as early as February 2011, the law ministry said that there existed no ground for such a course of action. \"No case is made out for constitutional amendment... the court has not prescribed any conditions which go beyond the scope of constitutional provisions and the said amendments,\" the ministry told the government.Monday's unrest among dalit parliamentarians, with BSP supremo Mayawati's demand for constitutional amendment eliciting support across party lines, could become a headache for Congress. Sources said the government should have acted when indications emerged that the post-Nagaraj situation could develop into a political hot potato.As much was flagged by the dalit panel to law minister Khurshid asking the Centre to join the court battle. \"We regard this matter as the most important for the members of SCs,\" it said.Summing up Congress's dilemma in the wake of the controversy, a worried leader said, \"We cannot dismiss it because of its sensitivity for the vocal dalit middle class but we cannot guarantee a corrective either. And we could end up taking the flak for it.\"The warnings were visible as early as February 2011 when the issue was raised in Lok Sabha during zero hour, with a demand that Constitution be amended to safeguard promotion quota. To a query from parliamentary affairs ministry, the law ministry negatived the suggestion with the observation that Nagaraj judgment had upheld constitutional amendments dealing with promotion quota but added that states collect the data to show backwardness of the beneficiary group and its inadequate share in services.However, dalit leaders argue that backwardness of SCs is not in question as it was settled several times and backwardness was only to be proved for OBCs.Sources said ministers for personnel and social justice could meet soon to discuss the course of action which would pacify the agitated dalits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12960146", "title": "Proper medication can help control asthma: Doctors", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The World Asthma Day will be observed on Tuesday (May 1). The theme this year is 'You Can Control Your Asthma'. On the eve of the Asthma Day, the Allahabad Chest Association (ACA) organized a conference where doctors stressed on the importance of inhalation therapy in asthma. But in India, it has been found that compliance to asthma medication regime is very poor and tends to falter after few months in both children and adults. The rate of non-adherence has been estimated to be around 50%.Speaking on the reason for non-adherence to asthma medications, ACA secretary Dr Ashish Tandon said, \"Adherence to prescribed treatment is the most important aspect of managing a chronic disease like asthma. Many patients once they feel better, stop treatment after few weeks. This can be dangerous since stopping treatment can aggravate the disease and precipitate an asthma attack. Very few asthmatics understand that asthma is an episodic condition which varies between symptomatic and asymptomatic periods. The asymptomatic period is a crucial time in asthma therapy as the patient may discontinue treatment assuming that he/she may not require any more medication.\"Regarding poor asthma control in India, Dr Tandon said, \"The paradox of asthma in India is that despite the availability and affordability of good treatment this totally controllable disease is depriving the asthmatics in the country of a normal life; many a time subjecting them to traumatic attacks, hospitalization and even resulting in deaths. The most effective asthma treatment is Inhalation Therapy which comprises of 'Controllers' for regular use as prescribed and 'Relievers' for emergency treatment.\"But, most patients in India avoid using inhalers as they feel they might get addictive to them. They need to be educated about inhalers being the safest and most effective for managing their asthma, he added.Asthma has become the most common chronic disease in children and today 1 out of 10 children in India suffers from it. Sharing views on asthma control among children, ACA president Dr VP Agarwal said, \"Initiation of inhalation therapy in an asthmatic child at the earliest helps in controlling the disease, prevents attacks, preserves the function of his/her lungs and also improves the overall quality of life. However, currently many asthmatic children in the country are treated with oral medications due to lack of understanding and acceptance towards inhaled medicines.\" He added, \"In such cases, therefore, a doctor might have to take out additional time for the child and his/her parents, as it is of utmost importance that the parent learns from the doctor the correct inhaler techniques to deliver the medicine. If diagnosed and treated early, an asthmatic child can lead a completely normal childhood.Senior chest and TB specialists like Dr Tariq Mahmood, Dr Alok Chandra, Dr Ashutosh Gupta, Dr Gaurav Agarwal, Dr Mohd Farooq, Dr D N Kesarwani, Dr Abid Sayed, Dr S P Verma, DR SN Chaturvedi, Dr S S Banerjee, Dr SK Jain, Dr Ashok Khatri, Dr Major Vipul Kumar and Dr V N Tiwari shared their views on prevention of asthma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "guwahati/new delhi", "code": "12958938", "title": "Storm fury torments northeast", "text": "GUWAHATI/NEW DELHI: Severe weather conditions over the past couple of days have wreaked havoc in the northeast, claiming tens of lives. While a thunder-squall with wind speeds of 65km per hour caused Monday's ferry disaster, a tornado ripped through parts of Tripura killing one and injuring 200 on Tuesday.The tornado, lasting about 10 minutes, left a trail of destruction in Bishalgarh subdivision of Sipahijala district where more than 1,000 houses collapsed. Frequent thunderstorms and an odd tornado are not uncommon in the northeast at this time of the year. \"These are associated with the Kalbaisakhi phenomenon (known as Bordoichila in Assamese) which brings storms from the northwest to Bengal during the pre-monsoon season. One or two tornadoes too usually hit the region during April-May,\" said D S Pai of IMD, Pune.In fact, the region comprising Assam, Bengal and Bangladesh sees the most number of severe thunderstorms in the world after central USA, experts said.The regional Met centre in Guwahati issued a warning on Monday about thundersqualls. Met officials said the squall that hit Dhubri lasted about eight minutes and was accompanied by hail. On Tuesday, another squall passed over Agartala airport and its neighbourhood. More are expected over Assam and its neighbhouring states on Wednesday. Monday's tragedy has highlighted the lack of proper weather warning system in districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12958290", "title": "Non-governmental organizations spit fire against casinos, gambling act", "text": "PANAJI: Repeal the amendments in the Goa Gambling Act which have allowed gambling and casinos in Goa. This was the consensus of various non-governmental organizations meeting under the banner of Aam Admi Aurat Against Gambling (AAAG) recently.Accordingly, members of AAAG will submit a memorandum to chief minister Manohar Parrikar to repeal the amendments and stop gambling in Goa. \"If no other states in India, except for Sikkim , have allowed gambling, then why should Goa?\" asked members of AAAG.AAAG has other demands. They do not want existing casino licences to be renewed. Nor do they want new licences to be issued or new casino ships to be allowed in Goa's rivers. AAAG wants the entry fee to be restored to Rs 2,000 for all casinos - both on-shore and off-shore.AAAG wants entry to all casinos to be regulated, identities of all visitors maintained and undertakings taken from the gamblers as on the source of their money. This is important in the context of the fight against terror, AAAG members said.Since bars and liquor shops are not allowed at a minimum distance of 100 m from places of worship and/or educational institutions, casinos should also not be allowed within 100 m from places of worship and/or educational institutions, AAAG demanded.\"Advertising for liquor is banned but casinos continue to advertise through all kinds of media in Goa like newspapers, 'LED moving signs' on the roads, painted signs at road dividers in Panaji , airport luggage roundabouts at Dabolim etc. This should be stopped by suitably amending the Goa Gambling Act,\" AAAG demanded.The reason why AAAG wants gambling stopped is that it considered gambling as \"an addictive vice which completely destroys the fabric of society and in the manner of a cancer will lead to its complete moral degradation.\"AAAG argued that gambling has caused many ills; it has reduced many families to destitution and destroyed the lives of youth; casinos are causing the rise of prostitution in Goa; casinos are used for money laundering and are also the route for counterfeit notes. \"Majority of the counterfeit notes are linked to terror operations and by supporting casinos, Goa is indirectly assisting terror operators,\" AAAG stated.The NGO members believe that while tourists earlier visited Goa for fun, frolic and feni, now they have an additional reason and that is to visit casinos. \"Just like Las Vegas is called 'Sin City' in the United States do we want Goa's image to be the 'Sin State' of India?\" AAAG asked.Alleging that the casinos neither fall under Goa's excise laws nor under the state's labour commissioner, AAAG has demanded that casinos should be brought under local labour laws.Besides submitting the memorandum to the chief minister, AAAG will also start a signature campaign against casinos in Goa across the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12957947", "title": "Court allows anti-terrorist squad plea on Indian Mujahideen operative", "text": "A trial court on Tuesday allowed the plea of the anti-terrorist squad of Pune seeking custody remand of alleged Indian Mujahideen operative Mohammad Qateel Siddiqui to interrogate him for his role in the German Bakery bomb blast in Pune.The court also allowed the plea of Hyderabad ATS for a month's custodial remand of another IM man, Mohammed Tariq Anjum. Anjum, 31, was arrested from Bihar and is said to be a member of banned Students Islamic Movement of India (SIMI).Chief Metropolitan Magistrate Vinod Yadav allowed Pune ATS to take Siddiqui in its custody for a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12959071", "title": "Parks to get a fillip from banks", "text": "MADURAI: In a measure to improve the city's green cover, Madurai city corporation plans to rope in banks to maintain parks in the city. Though there are many parks in the city limits, not all of them are maintained properly. City corporation maintains big parks like Eco Park and Rajaji Park, which attracts a lot of visitors during evening hours and weekends. However, many small and medium parks in residential areas are in dire straits and need attention. Many small parks in the city even lack minimum facilities such as benches, pathways and minimum recreation facilities. Many parks in the city are locked out and not used by the public though increased awareness has forced many residents to look out for open spaces for walking and physical exercises.To cater to the needs of the public in providing better park facilities, the city corporation has decided to hand over the maintenance of parks to banks, both nationalized and private, after some bankers expressed interest in looking after them as part of their corporate social responsibility programme. Mayor V V Rajan Chellappa announced the efforts on the sidelines of a Chithirai festival briefing on Monday.\"Some bankers have expressed their willingness to maintain small and medium parks in the city limits. We are entering into an agreement with interested bankers. We have also sought expression of interest from banks. At present, State Bank of India, Tamil Nadu Mercantile Bank and HDFC have expressed interest. They have assured the corporation that they will take care of adjacent parks nearby their branches. For instance, HDFC Anna Nagar branch, has come forward to maintain the park in Anna Nagar. In the same way, many branches have identified parks near their locality. We will place the proposal before the corporation council during the next meeting for approval. Maintenance will be handed over to the banks very shortly,\" he said.City engineer A Mathuram said they had taken up measures to identify parks to be handed over to banks based on interest. \"We are identifying parks based on banker's interest. It will ease the financial burden of maintaining many small and medium parks. The bankers will make small investments in these parks like creating recreation facilities and maintaining a part of it. The works will commence soon,\" he said.A senior official from a private bank said they had received a communication from the corporation asking for their interest. \"We have forwarded the communication for approval to our corporate office and once we receive it, we will take up park maintenance,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12957820", "title": "'Monster' brothers jailed for torturing minor worker", "text": "NEW DELHI: Calling them \"monsters\", a trial court has sentenced two brothers for torturing their minor employee and his brother with electric shocks, burning cigarette butts and nightlong beatings over an allegation of theft at their shop.Additional sessions judge Pawan Jain held Shafik and Mohd Shahab, residents of Old Delhi, guilty of wrongfully confining and torturing the minor, who was employed at their shop in the Meena Bazar area, along with his elder brother, in 2007. The court sent them to jail for five years. The judge also slapped a fine of Rs 61,000 on each and held that the victim and his elder brother were entitled to a compensation of Rs 70,000 and Rs 30,000, respectively.The prosecution case was that the victim, who was then 12 years old, was working at the shop of the convicts for over 10 months at a monthly salary of Rs 500. When he demanded his three months' due salary, the convicts levelled a false allegation of theft of Rs 50,000 against him.To make him confess the theft, they confined him in the shop on the intervening night of October 17-18, 2007, pulled down the shutters and beat him up with belts and burnt him with cigarette butts on his chest and arms. They also made him stand in a water tub and gave electric shocks on his knees while asking him to hand over the money allegedly stolen by him.When the minor worker's 15-year-old elder brother reached the shop looking for him, he was also taken in and both were beaten up the whole night.The medical expert said the victim had sustained 43 injuries, including grievous ones.\"It has already been established that victim was just a 12-year-old at the time of the incident whereas another victim, his brother, was 15 years. Despite that both convicts not only confined the victim for the whole night but also tortured them mercilessly,\" the court said.The judge also said the convicts deserved substantial punishment as \"one can only imagine their cruelty. One can also only imagine what kind of trauma the victims must have faced at that time. The convicts must be appearing as monsters to the victims. They (convicts) had not considered the tender age of the victims\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12956395", "title": "This was the coolest April in Delhi in 30 years", "text": "NEW DELHI: If your power bill for April brings a smile to your face, thank the weather. For the first time in 18 years, April passed by in Delhi without the temperature touching 40 degrees celsius.Not just that, the month's highest temperature this year - 38.7 degrees celsius on April 3 -was the lowest maximum in April since 1982, and the second lowest since 1969. A spate of fast-moving western disturbances were responsible for this freakish cool spell, say weather experts. As a result, there was not a single day when heat wave was declared in any part of northwest India during the month.If all this wasn't unusual enough, Delhi also witnessed moderate fog on the morning of April 27, a phenomenon that has probably never occurred in the capital city this time of the year.A western disturbance is the name given to cool air currents blowing towards north India from the Mediterranean Sea, particularly in winter when these bring in snow, rain and cold winds.The average maximum temperature for the month was 35.7 degrees Celsius, against a normal average of 36 degrees. The average minimum was 21.7 degrees while the average day temperature was 28.7 degrees.Since 2007, there have been at least three years that have experienced lower average daily temperatures. These include 2007, 2011 and 2001 in which the average monthly temperature was 26.6 degrees, 28.1 degrees and 28.4 degrees, respectively.B P Yadav, director IMD, said April this year was also characterized by eight days of rain, all occuring in the last 20 days. \"The first 10 days were completely dry and characterized by high temperatures. The city recorded 18.3 mm rain against a normal of 11.5 mm. This is quite unusual but in the 125 years of India's meteorological history, we have had at least 12 such years in which April saw below 40 degrees temperatures and higher than average rainy days,\" he said.Senior Met scientists attributed the unusual weather to about six western disturbances that affected northwest India in the second half of the month. \"Normally WDs would have moved northwards by now and would not have affected northwest India this actively. However, so far the WDs have continued on their more southerly track and brought rain to the plains. Delhi has witnessed some amount of rain every alternate day since April 10 which has kept temperatures low this season,\" said a senior scientist.Dr R K Jenamani, director in-charge IGI Met, added that the WDs also moved much faster this time, assisted as they were by strong westerly winds. \"Normally a WD takes about four days to move from northern Pakistan to eastern Uttar Pradesh. This time, because of the strong westerly winds, the WDs took just about a couple of days to cross that distance. While the WDs were not unusual, these were moving at higher than usual speeds,\" he said.The city experienced about 15 cloudy days that kept the maximum temperature under control, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12958134", "title": "Father get 7 days police custody for raping daughter", "text": "MARGAO: The father of the 14-year-old girl who has been accused of raping her, and his friend, Francis D'Souza, who also sexually abused the minor, were remanded to seven days police custody when produced before the court on Tuesday.Curchorem police on Monday had booked a case against the duo under Sections 376 ( rape), 372 (selling a minor for purpose of prostitution), 373 (buying a minor for purposes of prostitution), 323 (causing hurt), besides other sections of the IPC and Immoral Trafficking Prevention Act and Goa Children's Act.The 14-year old girl was allegedly repeatedly raped by her father since 2009, who also allowed her to be sexually abused by his friend in exchange for a bottle of alcohol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12961287", "title": "Stadium under private enterprise in the offing", "text": "MANGALORE: Cricketing calendar of Mangalore zone of the Karnataka State Cricket Association (KSCA) is all set to get crowded from 2013-14. With plans afoot to introduce third division league from 2013-14 season involving 42 teams, focus has shifted to finding additional venues to host increased number of matches.The KSCA Mangalore zone currently organizes first and second division league involving 12 and 30 teams respectively.At present, KSCA tournaments are conducted at Nehru Maidan cricket ground and NITK, Surathkal and MIT, Manipal grounds all on matting. The only turf wicket in the region is at Manipal University (MU). Setting to redress this lacuna, the KSCA Mangalore zone convener Srikanth Rai has made a strong pitch for a permanent cricket stadium for the city, with a turf wicket, which will allow local cricketing talent to blossom.Not disclosing the details of the venture, which is expected to be a private enterprise, Rai told TOI that earlier efforts by DKCA and KSCA to have stadiums in Bangra Kuloor, Baikampady and Bondel on revenue lands, and in Ullal on a private land have come to naught.Even the push given by former minister late VS Acharya for a cricket stadium in Bangra Kuloor did not materialize, making Rai quite sceptical about relying on the government.\"We need turf wickets where local cricketers can cut their teeth for tougher battles ahead if they wish to succeed,\" Rai said, adding the recent T20 international featuring Zimbabwe Africans and Karnataka Indians showed that there is enough potential in the region. \"What we now need to do is manage cricketing affairs professionally. This includes creating proper infrastructure and give our boys the push to deliver,\" he said.As and when a permanent cricket stadium becomes a reality, the city can hope to have two cricket grounds in addition to the turf ground at Sahyadri Institute of Technology at Adyar with cricket academy practice wickets there. At present, only KSCA zonal matches are played at Mangalore University turf wicket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12960608", "title": "Illegal units turn fields acidic in Mehsana", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Few months ago, fields of mustard in Nugar village of Mehsana district refreshed the memories of Raj ( Shahrukh Khan ) and Simran ( Kajol ) meeting in Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge. But barely had one started cooling his eyes with this countryside view and a strong stench of chemicals became a big put off.Surprisingly, one could hardly spot the source of this reek, as hidden amidst these lush green fields was an unscrupulous unit manufacturing various chemicals. Away from eyes of any authorities, the toxic effluents released from the chemical processes was flowing away merrily in the fields.And, this was just one unit. Acting on a tip-off from some villagers, Gujarat Pollution Control Board (GPCB) conducted a six-month long operation and discovered that there were nine such factories working day and night illegally, without any permission.All the units were immediately issued a closure notice and the state pollution regulator says that they have nipped in the bud what could have destroyed acres and acres of agriculture land. Most of these units manufactured intermediaries and chemicals.The modus operandi was simple. The manufacturers used to take the farm on lease from the land owner promising him a rent that was almost triple that of what he actually earned from agriculture.\"Such units did not require a huge investment. There were just 2-3 vessels and some machinery. After we raided, they all vanished. We unearthed his major scam just at the right time,\" said GPCB member-secretary Hardik Shah.In March, Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) had castigated Gujarat government in its report that specially focused on pollution. The report pointed out how 32% of drinking water sources in the state were found contaminated in a pre-monsoon survey. The watchdog had also found holes in the pipelined water supply in rural areas and said that the affected villagers were not even alerted about this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12958099", "title": "Fishermen's killing: Aid to victims wasn\u2019t blood money, Italy tells SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Italian government on Tuesday clarified to the Supreme Court that the compensation paid to the families of killed fishermen was not blood money to save the accused Marines from prosecution but international humanitarian assistance to help rebuild their lives.The apex court had on Monday questioned the clause in the agreements with the families of the two killed fishermen and the fishing boat owner which asked them not to participate in any court proceedings related to the cases arising from the February 15 incident. On that day, two Marines on board Italian merchant vessel Enrica Lexie had allegedly opened fire on an Indian fishing boat killing two fishermen.Appearing for Italy, senior advocate Harish Salve told a bench of Justices R M Lodha and H L Gokhale that the compensation to the families had nothing to do with shutting them up. The kin of the victims and the boat owner were free to pursue civil and criminal remedies as per law, he clarified.Italy took a bold stand through Salve and invited the apex court to use its powers under Article 142 of the Constitution, empowering it to do complete justice, and strike off those clauses in the agreements which it perceived to be impeding or obstructing processes under Indian law.These clarifications came during the hearing on a petition by owners of merchant vessel Enrica Lexie seeking release of the ship, which has been detained by Kerala police and anchored off the Kerala coast since February 15.Marines Latorre Massimiliano and Salvatore Girone on board Enrica Lexie had on February 15 allegedly fired upon Indian fishing vessel St Anthony, killing fishermen Jelestine and Binki. On April 24, the Italian government entered into an agreement with Jelestine's wife Doramma and Binki's two sisters paying them Rs 1 crore each as compensation in return for the promise that they would not give evidence in the criminal case.Similarly, another agreement was signed between Freddy, owner of the fishing boat St Anthony and the lone eye-witness to the February 15 shooting incident. The Italian government paid Rs 17 lakh to Freddy, who has already turned hostile. Both these agreements were approved by a Kerala Lok Adalat.On Monday, the bench of Justices Lodha and Gokhale were \"astonished\" by some clauses in the agreement which went against Indian law. \"There cannot be an agreement not to give evidence in a case. Our law does not permit this and it is a prosecutable offence,\" it said.On Tuesday, the court had asked Salve whether Italy, which was duty bound to protect its nationals and do everything for them, could guarantee the presence of the four other Marines on board Enrica Lexie as witnesses when needed by the police for investigation purposes or by the court during trial.The court adjourned hearing to Wednesday as Salve informed that the Italian government was working out its response and was ready to state its reservations on this issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12958553", "title": "Designer, friend attacked in pub", "text": "CHENNAI: A noted fashion designer and his friend were attacked by a sword-wielding gang at a pub in the city on Sunday night. While the designer, Karun Raman, was injured in the leg, his friend was hurt in the hand.\"My friend Danny and I were at dinner in the pub when four men and two girls, including an actress, who were seated opposite began making fun of me. One man threw a cushion at me and began abusing me. When I objected, he said he would come back and handle me,\" Karun told TOI on Monday.\"The men soon returned and one of them kept a sickle on my neck. When I asked them not to hurt me, they turned to Danny. He hurt his hand while trying to resist. They asked me to come out,\" he added.Karun said the pub officials asked everyone to leave. \"Even the bouncers at the pub did nothing to stop the gang. It was me who was attacked, tomorrow it could be anyone going out to dine with friends and family,\" he said.\"A Community Service Register (a preliminary document in an investigation) was issued and I have been under pressure to withdraw the case. I have refused as I don't want anyone else undergoing the same fate,\" Karun said.The accused, identified as Prashanth of Villivakkam, was not available for comment despite repeated attempts. Joint Commissioner of Police (East) S N Seshasai said it was a minor incident between two individuals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "12958241", "title": "Father-son duo beaten over property dispute", "text": "VASCO: Vasco police arrested two persons for assaulting a father and son duo following a property dispute at Mangor hill.\"A group of six persons attacked the father-son duo while they were returning home. While two have been arrested, more arrests will follow,\" PSI Milind Bhuimber told TOI.Around 3.30pm on Tuesday, Vijay Kumar , 52, and his son Ravi Kumar, 25, were walking towards their home in Mangor when the accused Balkrishna, Praveen and Sita Salgaonkar, Pundalik Lamani and two others attacked them with cricket bats, bamboo sticks and even bit them.After lodging a complaint, the duo was taken for medical attention and later discharged in the evening. Praveen Salgaonkar and Pundalik Lamani were arrested. \"The dispute is over some property,\" Bhuimber said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12961861", "title": "'No qualms playing Sher Khan in 'Zanjeer' remake'", "text": "Actor Sonu Sood, whose name was earlier in the race for the iconic role of Sher Khan, played by Pran in 'Zanjeer', said he had no qualms playing that character in the remake version.Actor Pran had given a memorable performance with his role as Sher Khan, sporting a typical Pathan's look with long hair and kohl, in Prakash Mehra's 1973-hit film 'Zanjeer'.Even though Sonu's name was earlier being considered for the character of Sher Khan in the remake version, the role ultimately went to actor Arjun Rampal.When asked if he would miss playing the role of Sher Khan in the 'Zanjeer' remake, Sonu says, \"No I am not missing doing the role. Apoorva (director) is a great friend. I know Arjun will do a good job. I feel it is all in the destiny... whichever character is written for an actor, he gets to do that. The script is great... so it does not matter whether Arjun does the role or me. As far as the film is good, it should not be a problem!\"\"I am sure they will make a good film. I am looking forward to the film. I have always enjoyed watching 'Zanjeer',\" he said.The remake will be directed by Apoorva Lakhia and stars Priyanka Chopra, Ram Charan Teja, Arjun Rampal , Prakash Raj and Mahi Gill.However, in Sanjay Gupta's upcoming film 'Shootout at Wadala', Sonu is set to play the character of underworld don Dawood Ibrahim .\"In this film, we are showing how Dawood was in the 70s. We do not have much references of that period. Since it's a film, we are taking some liberties,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12960870", "title": "Study to reveal number of vulnerable kids in Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: In a first of its kind of initiative, a survey on vulnerable children in the capital city would be carried out starting from the middle of May. The survey would categorize children as per the Juvenile Justice Act. It would also conduct a resource mapping of the services available for the children in the district.The survey would be conducted by the Woman and Child Development (WCD) department. District woman and child development officer Naqi Jahan Qureshi talking to TOI said, \"The survey would be carried out from May 15 in the district. We have kept a target of one month to complete the survey. Around 25 NGOs of the WCD would be carrying out the survey.\" \"We have estimated 30, 000 such vulnerable children in the district. But the survey would reveal the true figures,\" said Qureshi.On April 30, the questionnaire for the survey was finalized. It includes around 50 questions. But the survey by no means is an easy task, concedes child development project officers Alok Shrivastava. He said, \"It is an uphill task. Before assigning it to the ground level workers, I tried talk to some children outside a temple. They were hardly responding. Unless you take them into confidence, it is very difficult. It is for the same reason an orientation workshop would be conducted with the workers before they are sent to the different areas.\"According to the Juvenile Justice Act, vulnerable children consist of the children in need of care and protection(CNCP). The Act says that there are 13 different categories of vulnerable children like street children, abused children, mentally ill children among others. Besides, the survey would also look at resource mapping of the services available for such vulnerable children including anganwadis, de-addiction centres and shelter homes among others.The NGOs taking part in the survey are Seva Bharti, Aarambh, SOS Children's Village, Bachpan, Hifazat and others. Unicef would provide technical support for the initiative and would also conduct the orientation programme for the ground level workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12966168", "title": "Gmail gets translation capability", "text": "HYDERABAD: Gmail users will now be able to translate e-mails in foreign languages into the their own, with Google introducing a new feature.Google on its official Blog has said a new 'Translate message' header will be soon introduced in Gmail.\"Over the next few days, everyone who uses Gmail will be getting the convenience of translation added to their email. The next time you receive a message in a language other than your own, just click on Translate message in the header at the top of the message,\" Jeff Chin, Product Manager, Google Translate, said.The idea mooted after Google introduced automatic message translation in Gmail Labs and prompted the labs team to go for a survey in which the teams found the necessity of Gmail message translation.\"Since message translation was one of the most popular labs, we decided it was time to graduate from Gmail Labs and move into the real world. Over the next few days, everyone who uses Gmail will be getting the convenience of translation added to their email,\" Chin added.The feature also automatic translation feature. Google had recently announced that it is increasing everyone's free storage in Gmail from 7.5 GB to 10 GB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12961329", "title": "Geeta Basra claims a hat trick", "text": "Mukesh Ambani's Mumbai IPL team were in full form on Sunday evening. And while the turbanator Harbhajan Singh was busy claiming important wickets on field, we spotted the maiden who had bowled the cricketer over off it.At the Wankhede Stadium, actress Geeta Basra was all smiles. And this time, the reason behind her earto-ear smile wasn't just the team's victory. Mirror has learnt that after a fouryear-long patch of no good film offers, the actress has finally got the break that she had been waiting for. She has bagged a three-film-deal with filmmaker Nitin Manmohan.After a not so memorable debut, Geeta Basra did manage to turn heads with her second film The Train opposite Emraan Hashmi. But ever since then, the actress had been in the news less for her films and more due to her romantic liaison with cricketer Harbhajan Singh.\"Good work is finally coming my way,\" said Geeta and added, \"I just saw the final cut of the song I shot for Zilla Ghaziabad. It's looking very nice.\"Denying that her link-up with Harbhajan had to do anything with the four-year dry patch in her career, she said, \"Personal life should never influence one's career. I will only do films that I want to be a part of. And this time around I was happy to sign a three-film-deal with Nitin Manmohan. This should change the game for me.\"Manmohan's next is reportedly the sequel to Dus to be directed by Samir Karnik. And the actress has apparently bagged a plum role in the project. However, when probed further, she simply said, \"It's too early to talk about it. Right now, I am all geared up to face the camera again.\"And now that her career has finally come out of the four-year long purdah, Geeta jokingly added, \"I hope going forward, I am written about more for my work than my personal life.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "anjuna", "code": "12958076", "title": "Pune tourists clash with taxi drivers at Anjuna", "text": "ANJUNA: Bursting of crackers at an anniversary party proved costly to a group of tourists from Pune as it led to a clash between them and some local taxi drivers in Anjuna on Tuesday.Anjuna Police on Tuesday arrested 11 tourists for Pune on a complaint filed by Nitish Korgaonkar for unlawful assembly and rioting, police said.According to police, the incident happened on Tuesday night when around 40 tourists from Pune, all from the same family, were celebrating a birthday. The crackers they burst damaged a tourist taxi parked outside the hotel.Police sources said some taxi drivers immediately rushed to the party spot and demanded compensation for the damage, which the tourists agreed to pay.When the taxi drivers approached the tourists on Tuesday for the compensation, there were heated arguments which led to a fight. \"Bottles were thrown on the taxi drivers by the tourists leaving one taxi driver injured,\" police said.Hiranand Asawni of the Pune group filed a counter complaint against the taxi drivers for assault. \"Police are verifying video footage and investigations are on,\" police said.After the warring groups had been pacified and things appeared to have cooled down, the police request to local resident Nilesh Gaonkar to clear up the shards of broken glass, caused a brief flare up again.Gaonkar who was also requested to stand witness to the episode, refused to comply, stating that it was not his job to do it. Later, Gaonkar alleged that he was assaulted by the police for refusing to comply with their request. He, accompanied by a group of about 50 villagers, submitted a memorandum to the police at Anjuna police station.Local MLA and water resources minister Dayanand Mandrekar spoke to the police regarding the issue. Speaking to media persons, he said he had spoken to the home minister on the issue and had been assured of action against the police. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "12963223", "title": "Aarushi murder case: Court rejects Nupur Talwar's bail plea", "text": "GHAZIABAD: In a major setback for Nupur Talwar in the Aarushi Hemraj murder case, the court of additional district judge Shyam Lal on Wednesday refused to grant bail to her, saying she is an \"accused in double murders - of her own daughter and a poor servant - Hemraj\".The court denied bail on the grounds that she may tamper with evidence if granted bail. The court, which had reserved the order on the bail application of Nupur yesterday, said that while prima facie she was accused of killing her own progeny and the servant who came from Nepal, she may also create hindrance in smooth disposal of trial if given bail.Ordering 14-days judicial custody, the court, in its four-page order, also said that Nupur may flee from justice to delay the trial in the case.On Tuesday, Nupur Talwar's lawyer had sought bail for her saying that she is the mother of the daughter who was killed to which CBI had opposed saying that \"a poor servant was also killed and nobody was talking about him\".CBI officials say that it is a big victory for them as Nupur Talwar was evading the law for over one year.Nupur, who was taken to Dasna Jail immediately after the order, will appear in the court of special CBI magistrate who is expected to commit the case to sessions for trial.Seeking Nupur's bail, her lawyer G P Thareja had earlier said that she and her husband Rajesh Talwar, also a dentist, had undergone all sorts of scientific tests like polygraph, brain mapping and Narco analysis which were \"clean like a whistle\".CBI public prosecutor R K Saini had countered that Nupur wanted to get out of the clutches of the court as despite repeated warrants, bailable and non-bailable, she did not appear before magistrate's court until Supreme Court directed her to do so.Nupur Talwar's daughter Aarushi and servant Hemraj were found killed in their house on May 16, 2008 after which CBI had first arrested three servants - Krishna, Rajkumar and Vijay Mandal. However, in December 2010 agency filed a closure report in the case and presented evidence against the parents.On April 27, Nupur Talwar was directed by the Supreme Court to surrender before the trial court in Ghaziabad in the twin murder case of her 14-year-old daughter Aarushi and domestic help Hemraj in Noida four years ago.Refusing to stay the non-bailable warrant issued against her by the special CBI court, an SC bench of justices A K Patnaik and J S Khehar asked her to approach the trial judge for bail after surrendering which shall expeditiously consider her plea.The court also turned down her plea for granting protection against any arrest on her surrender.\"We should not anticipate about what the trial court is going to do. You appear before it and the court shall consider your bail. If you do not get bail then there are higher courts,\" the bench said.The bench pointed out that her husband also got bail in the twin murder case.\"We are not inclined to stay the operation of the order of NBW issued by the Special Judge, Ghaziabad. But we direct that petitioner (Nupur Talwar) will appear on Monday and move her bail. In case application for bail is moved, the same shall be considered expeditiously,\" the bench said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12956686", "title": "7 Indian crew return after four months in captivity", "text": "MUMBAI: Seven Indian crew of Enrica Ievoli landed at Chhatrapati Shivaji international airport on Tuesday, four months after the Italian ship was hijacked by Somali pirates. There were part of the 18 crew who landed in their countries after their release.The vessel was carrying 15,000 tons of caustic soda from Iran to Turkey when it was hijacked by the pirates. The pirates had released the crew last week, but they all had to sail to a port in Europe, where they underwent a medical examination before getting clearance to fly back home. \"The seven landed at the airport on Tuesday evening and went to meet officials of the directorate-general of shipping. Most of the crew are from South India and will fly home on Wednesday,\" said director-general of shipping Dr S B Agnihotri.At the airport, the Indians expressed a sigh of relief and recounted the pirate attack. They said that at 6.40am that day, they heard a sound and suspected a fire. Later, they said, they learned that pirates had hijacked their vessel.Roopendran Parrakat (51), one of those released, said he had been watching an unidentified boat after he signed in for duty in December. He told the shipping officials that he and two others saw the pirates through binoculars, after their ship showed up on the radar as an ominous blip moving far too fast towards them.He said that normally the vessel gets details of passing or approaching vessels, but in this case, there was no global positioning system (GPS) data.After 40 minutes, the captain sounded the alarm and told the assembled crew that the pirates were approaching. Soon, a skiff set out from the pirate's mother ship. Officials said the crew watched from the bridge as four men in shorts and T-shirts hoisted a ladder and climbed on board. Two, who carried AK-47s, fired shots in the air and announced that they were pirates from Somalia. The pirates went up to the bridge and trained their guns on the captain. They told the crew that they did not want to harm them, and that there would be no killing if they got money.Missing sailor's brother appeals to CM, P4The pirates led the seven Indians, six Italians and five Ukrainians one by one to their cabins and took away anything that could be sold. After a few days, when the ship reached Somali waters, the men were permitted to call home. Shantilal Solanki, who is from Diu, told his wife that his vessel was hijacked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12956949", "title": "From Friday, any tinted film on car windows will be illegal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Peel off the tinted film on your car windows by Friday as the Supreme Court has banned black films of any percentage of tint.Only car windows that have been tinted by the manufacturers are allowed; besides this, all vehicles with any percentage of tinted film have to remove it, even if it is within permissible limits - 70% transparency in the front and rear windows and 50% transparency on side windows.The apex court's judgment said, \"We prohibit the use of black films of any visual light transmission (VLT) percentage or any other material upon the safety glasses, windscreens (front and rear) and side glasses of all vehicles throughout the country.\"Traffic police will launch a massive drive to remove films Friday onwards, when the SC order comes into effect. If the film is not removed, the car may even be impounded.The Supreme Court judgment said, \"The directions contained in this judgment shall become operative and enforceable with effect from 4th May, 2012.\" The court has ruled that traffic police \"shall also remove the black films from the offending vehicles.\"\"In accordance to the apex court's order, we will be prosecuting any vehicle found with tinted film on the window. Irrespective of the percentage of the tinted film, challans will be issued and the tinted film removed immediately. If the vehicle owner resists the removal of tinted film, the car will be immediately impounded,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.The drive will begin on Friday morning and 50 teams of traffic police officers will be posted across the city to rein in vehicles.\"The earlier practice of allowing vehicle owners to report to the area traffic officer within 72 hours of the offence after removing the tinted film will be discontinued. Now, there will be no such leeway,\" added Garg.Till April 15 this year, 9,279 people have been prosecuted for the offence. Last year, as many as 45,649 vehicles were booked for tinted glasses.\"Significantly, majority of these were repeat offenders, showing that despite being caught, Delhiites are mostly unmindful of the rules,\" said a senior traffic officer.This year, in a drive %started on March 27, around 2,064 offenders were booked till April 26. Of them, 999 vehicle owners were made to remove the tinted screen on the spot.\"Usually, since the fine is just a meagre Rs 100, which is nothing compared to the money spent on films (ranging from Rs 700 to Rs 14,000 for those that protect from UV rays), it is not enough of a deterrent to defaulters who continue to travel in the vehicles. We hope stricter action will make the defaulters mindful of the rules,\" said Garg.Tinted glass in vehicles is seen as conducive to criminal activities, especially on women's security. Whether it was the murder case of IT executive Jigeesha or the Dhaula Kuan and Mayapuri rape incidents, cars with tinted glass have been brazenly used.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12960768", "title": "Bharti Airtel Q4 profit falls 28%", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bharti Airtel, India's biggest mobile phone carrier by subscribers, reported its ninth straight quarterly profit decline as intense price competition and losses on foreign exchange eroded earnings.Consolidated net profit fell to Rs 1,006 crore ($190.89 million) in the fourth quarter ended March from Rs 1401 crore a year earlier, Bharti said on Wednesday. The company said that the net income was impacted by higher costs on account of 3G license fee amortisation ( Rs 106 crore), 3G interest costs (Rs 84 crore), forex fluctuation losses (Rs 132 crore) and tax provisions (Rs 198 crore).The revenue grew at 11.6% for the full year in India &amp; South Africa, mainly contributed by stability in pricing accompanied by growth in customer numbers. Africa, after adjusting for the number of days in Q1 FY11, grew by 18.8% in $ terms, on the back of network expansion and growing customer base.The consolidated EBITDA margins for the full year dropped to 33.2% versus 33.7% in the previous year, but Africa improved to 26.5% versus 21.9% in FY11.The consolidated net income for the year declined to Rs 4,259 crore versus Rs 6,047 crore, impacted by higher costs on account of 3G license fee amortisation (Rs 593 crore), 3G interest costs (Rs 421 crore), forex fluctuation losses (Rs 422 crore) and tax provisions (Rs 481 crore).Commenting on the results Sunil Bharti Mittal , Chairman &amp; Managing Director, Bharti Airtel said that he was pleased the year ended with the company's customer base crossing 250 million across twenty countries, the twentieth country being Rwanda .\"Our launch of 4G LTE, the first in India, is testimony to our commitment to the broadband agenda,\" he said.Stating that the entire industry looks to the government for a fair, transparent and sustainable telecom regime, Mittal said, \"The recent regulatory developments in India will have significant implications on the future of telephony and broadband, as well as India's global competitiveness.\"According to a BSE filing, the Board of Directors of Bhati Airtel have recommended a dividend of Re 1 per equity share of Rs 5 each for the financial year 2011-12, subject to the approval of the shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting.Summary of the Consolidated Statement of Income - represents consolidated Statement of Income as per International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS )At 10:06 AM, shares in Bharti Airtel were trading at Rs 316.05, up 1.85% on the Bombay Stock Exchange.Bharti, nearly a third owned by Southeast Asia's top phone carrier SingTel, operates in 20 countries across Asia and Africa.In 2010, the company paid $9 billion to acquire most of the African operations of Kuwait's Zain, making Bharti the world's fifth-largest mobile phone carrier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "dasna (ghaziabad)", "code": "12958127", "title": "Nupur Talwar spent second day reading scriptures in Dasna Jail", "text": "DASNA (GHAZIABAD): Less than 12 hours after she nervously stepped inside Barrack 13, Nupur Talwar started her first full day of tightly regulated jail life. While her hopes of an early release were disappointed on Tuesday, Nupur remained calm and tried to meld into her surroundings.Jail sources said she awoke at the regulation hour of 5.30am and then walked, bathed and spent some time in prayer, reciting lines from the Hanuman Chalisa that seems to be her anchor in this trying phase. Besides religious books, Nupur also read newspapers and watched television. Sources said she appeared at ease talking to the other inmates, some of whom are charged with serious offences.Before breakfast - tea, jaggery and roasted gram - Nupur lined up with the other inmates to be counted. For lunch, she had arhar dal, rice, chapati and cabbage, while dinner was channa, aaloo palak, rice and chapati. \"After lunch, she went inside the barrack to rest and then came out in the evening. She spent some time walking and meeting other inmates,\" a source said.While she had broken down in court on Monday evening, Nupur restrained herself when her husband Dr Rajesh Talwar and other visitors came to see her on Tuesday. Rajesh, Nupur's mother Lata and her cousin Ajay Chaddha spent 27 minutes with her at the jail. When they left, she sat down to read the Gita, which she had borrowed from the jail library. \"We have issued her an English translation of the Gita. She spent a lot of time reading the Gita and the Hanuman Chalisa,\" jail sources said.Dasna jail superintendent Veeresh Raj Sharma said he was satisfied with Nupur's conduct. \"She is behaving as an ideal inmate and follows the jail authority's instructions and guidelines. She seems to be mentally strong.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12956807", "title": "'Several cases get quashed before trial'", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray-arrested amidst much fanfare for his inflammatory articles in the Sena daily during the 1992-93 communal riots, only to be released promptly by a magistrate-was never prosecuted for making \"hate speeches\". The government did not give its prior sanction as required in law, and a magistrate observed that the offence registered against him under Indian Penal Code's Section 153A was barred by limitation of time and, therefore, no cognizance could be taken of the \"crime\".The state went to the Bombay High Court against the magistrate's order in the Thackeray case and was shown the door. Similar was the case with former top bureaucrat J B D'Souza, who filed a writ aga-i-nst Thackeray seeking his pr-osecution under Section 153A for his editorials in Saamna.The high court, in 1994, dismissed his petition and held that the editorials immediately after the Babri Masjid demolition were \"not against Muslims but against anti-social elements and the attitude of the police, army and government\" and therefore did not fall under sections 153A or 153B to cause ill-will and communal disharmony. The Supreme Court dismissed an appeal against the high court order that was passed by a bench of Justices C R Majithia and M L Dudhat on September 26, 1994. Currently, Thackeray senior has no pending cases for flaring communal passions, said a lawyer.What saved the Sena chief also helped bail out his nephew and political rival, MNS chief Raj Thackeray . After being arrested similarly in 2008 over his alleged anti-north In-dian remarks, the FIR lodged against him in Mumbai was dropped. The high co-urt quashed the case two mo-nths ago; a similar ca-se in Na-gpur, too, ended in his favour.The Thackerays' high profile \"hate speech\" cases ended without conviction. Yet another case which human rights activists say was \"hastily lodged\" was against American researcher James Laine and his publisher Manzar Khan for a book on Chhatrapati Shivaji. The state banned the book and registered a case under Section 153A for inciting communal disharmony in 2006. The Supreme Court quashed the case in 2010.Several cases where the state registers a case of offence against communal harmony usually end up at the quashing stage even before going to trial, said lawyers. The reason is that prosecution under Section 153B requ-i-res prior sanction from the go-vernment. But senior counsel Shrikant Bhat said the co-nstitutional validity of such a sanction must be debated.Lawyers say that proving a case can be difficult, if witnesses do not support it and if no actual incident of disruption of law and order is established.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12957997", "title": "State's power stations burning high ash content coal", "text": "NAGPUR: It's official. Seven thermal power stations being operated by Maharashtra State Power Generation Company Limited (Mahagenco) have been burning coal comprising high ash content and above permissible limit prescribed by Ministry of Environment and Forests (MoEF) posing great threat to the environment.RTI activist KN Agnihotri has obtained information under Right to Information Act from Mahagenco and Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) proving the fact. According to the information provided by Mahagenco, 199.23 lakh metric tonne (MT) coal was procured from Western Coalfields Limited (WCL) in 2010-11 financial year. Of total quantity, 119.32 lakh MT raw coal (not washed) was procured and supplied directly to the power stations. The remaining 79.91 lakh MT coal was washed for reduction of ash content.Shockingly, Mahagenco has revealed that 80.87% of the total procured quantity of coal was of grade-E which comprises ash content of above 34% to 40%. Of remaining quantity, 0.95% coal was of grade-F comprising above 40% to 47% ash content. As per MoEF's guidelines, coal comprising ash content above 34% is critical and termed as coal with high ash content. Of the remaining quantity, 17.67% of total quantity was of grade-D (28.70% to 34% ash content), 0.46% grade-C (24% to 28.70% ash content) and 0.038% grade-B (19.50% to 24% ash content).According to the MoEF's notification dated September 19, 1997, the power stations located beyond 1,000kms from coal mine, from where coal is supplied, should not use coal comprising ash content of over 34%. The same guidelines were set for the power stations located in critically-polluted areas, urban areas and in ecologically sensitive areas. All seven power stations of Mahagenco fall under the categories prescribed by the MoEF. In case of non-availability of low ash content coal, the MoEF had directed to wash the coal for reduction of the ash content to below 34%. But the Mahagenco was washing 25-30% of total quantity of coal till April 2011. Since then, the washing of coal has come to halt due to various disputes with the private operators.The guidelines were framed not only for the conservation of environment but also to increase power generation and save huge expenses of power stations. Still, the Mahagenco has been using high ash content coal.Agnihotri had also obtained information of coal procured for Khaparkheda thermal power station located near the city from the MPCB. According to information, the power station was supplied 8,71,383.02 MT coal in 2010-11 and average ash contest was 35.91%. The coal was of grade-F for 11 months and grade-G (47% to 55% ash content) in one month.Quoting the information obtained from RTI, Agnihotri had written several letters to the ministry of coal and demanded to rectify the problems. \"Mahagenco has confirmed about high ash content coal being supplied by WCL and has left Mahagenco with no option but to utilize the coal allocated by the ministry. Even the grade of coal is below the declaration of WCL. Proper measures should be taken to correct the problem,\" he said.On the basis of all these information obtained by Agnihotri, advocate Mrunal Ghate and Manoj Garg had filed public interest litigation being represented by advocates Nitin Lalwani and Deven Chauhan. The high court had issued notices to the ministry of coal, Coal India Limited , WCL, MPCB, Mahagenco and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12965223", "title": "Dissident leaves US embassy in Beijing, China outraged", "text": "BEIJING: The week-long drama over a blind Chinese dissident taking refuge in the US embassy here ended today, with the American envoy driving him out of the premises for medical care and to be reunited with his family, hours after US secretary of state Hillary Clinton arrived for talks.Chen Guangcheng, who had claimed to have escaped from house arrest from his village in Shandong province, was holed up in the US embassy for the past six days and had become a political hot potato between the two sides.The 40-year-old Chen has left the US embassy in Beijing, state-run Xinhua news agency reported, stating that he left on his volition.He was reportedly driven by the US ambassador to China, Garry Locke, to a hospital.A BBC report said Chen was seen with his wife and their two children at a hospital here.The development that coincided with the arrival of Clinton for two-day talks with Chinese leaders, expectedly elicited strong reactions from China which said it was tantamount to interference in internal affairs. The case also threatened to overshadow the talks in which other US officials including, secretary treasury, Timothy Geitner is to take part.Locke reportedly confirmed to US media that he had Chen in his car and was taking him to a medical facility in Beijing.Soon after the announcement, the Chinese foreign ministry in a stern statement demanding an apology from US for taking a Chinese citizen \"via abnormal means\" into its embassy.\"Chen, a native of Yinan county in eastern China's Shandong province, entered the US embassy in Beijing in late April and left of his own volition after a six-day stay at the embassy,\" foreign ministry spokesman Liu Weimin said in a statement.\"It should be pointed out that Chen Guangcheng, a Chinese citizen, was taken by the US side to the US embassy in Beijing via abnormal means, and the Chinese side is strongly dissatisfied with the move,\" Liu said.China demands that US thoroughly investigate the event, hold relevant people accountable and ensure that such an event does not happen again, he said.\"What the US side has done has interfered in the domestic affairs of China, and the Chinese side will never accept it,\" he said.\"The US Embassy in Beijing has the obligation to observe relevant international laws and Chinese laws, and it should not do anything irrelevant to its function,\" he said.China noted that the US has expressed the importance it attaches to China's demands and concerns and has promised to take necessary measures to avoid similar events, he said.The US should reflect on its policies and methods and maintain the overall situation of China-US bilateral ties with concrete acts, he said.Liu said China is a country under rule of law, and its citizens' legitimate rights and interests are protected by the constitution and laws.\"All citizens, at the same time, have the obligations to abide by the constitution and laws,\" he said.Significantly Clinton arrived a day before the talks regarded by Chinese analysts as the most difficult since the mechanism was started in 2009.US assistant secretary of state for east Asian and Pacific affairs Kurt Campbell also came ahead Clinton's visit to deal with Chen's issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "ferozepur road", "code": "12960318", "title": "Punjabi University honours Punjabi Sahit Akademi", "text": "FEROZEPUR ROAD: For its contribution in the development of Punjabi language and literature around the globe, Punjabi Sahit Akademi (PSA), Ferozepur Road, was honoured by Punjabi University, Patiala, on the occasion of the latter's 50th anniversary on Monday.PSA chief Gurbhajan Singh Gill said the university honoured them with a memento, a citation, a shawl and Rs 31,000. \"We were among the two literary institutions that were honoured,'' he added.\"The akademi had come into existence in 1954. As there was a need for a varsity to promote Punjabi language, the institution had passed a resolution for Punjabi University in its annual session and handed it over to the state government in 1960. On its basis, the government had constituted a 13-member commission to establish the university, which finally came into being in 1962. The first president of PSA, Bhai Jodh Singh, was its first vice-chancellor,'' he said. \"It's the country's first university named after a language,'' he claimed.Elated over the honour, he said, \"The akademi will continue to work for the promotion of Punjabi language and literature. We have published around 100 books and initiated many projects for the development of the language. The PSA also gives fellowship to litterateurs and scholars.''Former PSA chief, S S Johl, said, \"Society too should take keen interest in promoting the language.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12960614", "title": "17 child labourers rescued in Surat", "text": "SURAT: Labour department rescued at least 17 child labourers in the age group of 10 to 13 years from sari shops, food joints and jardoshi units in the city on Labour Day on Tuesday.Official sources said the children were paid for packing saris, serving food in restaurants and for doing odd jobs in jardoshi units. Out of the 17 child labourers rescued, three are from various places in Gujarat and the rest from Uttar Pradesh and Bihar.The raid was conducted by a squad of more than 22 officials from the labour department under the leadership of deputy labour commissioner K S Gill. \"We have set a goal of turning Surat into a child labour-free city this year. This year we will conducted more than three raids to rescue child labourers \" Gill said. He said, \"Those employing child labourers will be booked under IPC Section 374 and Section 26 of Juvenile Justice Act. The child labourers rescued by the department have been lodged in remand home.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12956445", "title": "Punched and pushed by molesters, man dies in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: A 57-year-old man died after he took objection to two molesters making snide remarks at his niece and was punched and pushed about by the duo at Ambedkarnagar, DJ Halli, off Tannery Road, late on Monday night.The victim, Alagesh alias Alagaiah, an employee of BEML tools department, was a heart patient and had undergone bypass surgery four months ago. He was rushed to Mediscope hospital as he complained of severe chest pain after he was manhandled by the two youths. He died in hospital.The accused have been identified as Karunakaran alias Karuna and Deepu alias Deepakraj, both residents of Ayodhya Das Nagar, a few hundred metres away from Ambedkarnagar. Both the accused are in their early 20s. They are school dropouts and work as mosaic tile polishers, police said. They have been arrested and booked under Section 304 of IPC (culpable homicide not amounting to murder).Alagesh's 13-year-old niece, Hemamalini (name changed), went to a grocer's shop near her home to buy some provisions at 6.30 pm. The grocer had to pay the girl 50 paise and he told her that he did not have the change. The girl insisted that she be given the change. The grocer in turn chided her. The two accused, who were smoking in front of the shop, asked the girl whether she would build a house with the 50 paise.Insulted, Hema returned home and told her mother, Nalina, that the two youths had teased her. Around 8.30 pm, the accused were passing before Hema's house and the girl told her mother that they were the ones who had teased her. The woman questioned the youths on why they had teased her daughter. \"Yes. We did. So what?\" the youths shot back. Alagesh, who stayed next door, came out and intervened.\"Deepu held Alagesh, while Karuna punched him and pushed him on to the ground,\" Hema's mother said. Alagesh collapsed on the spot and was rushed to hospital. According to the girl, the accused had the habit of teasing girls. \"They always stand near the shop and tease girls and women ,\" she told police.Alagesh is survived by two sons. Hailing from Vellore in Tamil Nadu , Alagesh was brother of Hema's father Vijay Kumar . The brothers had moved to Bangalore 25 years ago.\"What law saysThough the law in India doesn't use the term 'eve-teasing', victims usually seek recourse through Section 298 (A) and (B) of the IPC. It sentences a man found guilty of making a girl or woman the target of obscene gestures, remarks, songs or recitation to a maximum jail sentence of three months. Section 292 of the IPC says that showing pornographic or obscene pictures, books or slips to a woman or girl draws a fine of Rs 2,000 with two years of imprisonment of either description for first offenders. In the case of a repeated offence, the penalty will be a five-year jail term with a fine of Rs 5,000. Under Section 509 of IPC, obscene gestures, indecent body language or acidic comments directed at any woman or girl or exhibits any such object or intrudes upon the privacy of woman carries a penalty of simple imprisonment for one year or a fine or both.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12958591", "title": "Kodungaiyur dump yard fire still rages", "text": "CHENNAI: A week after a study found the presence of carcinogens in the air samples from Kodungaiyur dump yard, the burning of garbage continued. Despite the assurances of civic officials, the garbage was burned in the last two days, residents said.Residents said the thick smoke billowing out the dumping ground in Kodungaiyur is posing heath concerns. P Nagarathnam, a resident, said that they have lodged several complaints to the civic officials but all went to vain. \"We have alerted the civic officials including, the mayor to stop the burning of garbage,\" he said. Everyday, however, 1,500 tonnes of unsegregated garbage are being dumped and leading to mounting garbage here.A senior corporation official admitted that the site is over-flowing. \"We are yet to find an alternative place to dump all these waste materials. But, however necessary actions will be taken to deploy adequate security guards to prevent rag pickers entering into this site\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12958610", "title": "Few Qaida backers in Muslim world: Poll", "text": "WASHINGTON: A year after Osama bin Laden was killed by US Special Forces in Pakistan, his terrorist outfit al-Qaida has little support in the Muslim world, a poll has said.Majorities of people in Muslim nations like Egypt , Pakistan, Turkey and Lebanon expressed negative views about this terrorist network, according to A poll conducted in these countries between March 19 and April 13 by Pew Research Center's Global Attitudes Project show that in Pakistan , where Osama bin Laden was killed by US Navy Seals, 13% of Muslims hold a favourable view of Qaida, 55% an unfavourable view, and roughly three-in-ten (31% offer no opinion. Support for the organization Qaida is in single digits among Turkish and Lebanese Muslims. In Jordan , just 15% express a positive opinion, essentially unchanged from last year, but down significantly from 34% in 2010.Al-qaida receives its highest ratings in Egypt, where 21% hold a favourable view and 71% unfavourable, the poll said. Pew said, before his death, support for bin Laden had waned considerably among Muslims around the world.Perhaps the Most striking decline occurred in Jordan, where in 2005 61% had expressed confidence in Osama to do the right thing in world affairs. Next year, it plummeted to 24% following Qaida suicide attacks in the nation's capital, Amman . By 2011, only 13% had confidence in him. ptiSupport for bin Laden also declined steeply over time among Muslims in Indonesia and Pakistan, as well as the Palestinian territories. Palestinians, however, remained more supportive than other publics - in 2011, 34 per cent still expressed confidence in the al-Qaida leader, the poll said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12961258", "title": "Vishal Bhardwaj gets his wish", "text": "Tough taskmasters (or in this case taskmistresses) do have their not-sotough moments. Like Ekta Kapoor, who recently had a heated argument with Vishal Bhardwaj, director of her film Daayan, starring Konkona Sen Sharma and Kalki, which culminated in her giving in to Bhardwaj's demand for a change in title to Ek Thi Daayan.When contacted, the queen of soaps simply said, \"I prefer the title Daayan. But it's Vishal Sir's decision finally. We'll go with his call.\"Meanwhile, a source in the know told Mirror that after a nine-day schedule, Bhardwaj felt the storyline of the film warranted a change in title.\"Ekta however insisted that they still go with Daayan. It was difficult but Vishal managed to convince her,\" the source said.An ardent admirer of Shakespeare , Vishal of all people should know, \"What's in a name?\" as the famous playwright once said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12958163", "title": "Lab tests to confirm infection", "text": "NEW DELHI: Zoo authorities here are on high alert after a rhino was found dead with symptoms of anthrax. Officials are awaiting test reports to confirm their suspicion.\"Before post mortem, one has to examine the symptoms. A team of doctors examined the carcass and confirmed it was anthrax ,\" said B S Bonal, member secretary of Central Zoo Authority (CZA). Authorities identified 22 staff members who may have come into contact with rhino and sent them to Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital for examination. They have been put on antibiotics.Doctors from NCDC had visited the zoo on Monday. \"No animal or human being has shown any symptoms so far,\" said zoo director Amitabh Agnihotri. \"Lab tests have not confirmed it yet so we are still keeping it in the zone of suspicion. But we are taking all precautions. Protective gear is being used by the staff, we are spraying disinfectants and animals are being provided antibiotics as a precautionary measure. Based on our suspicions, we alerted everybody.\"Junior Raja was the only male among the three rhinos the zoo had. It was born in the zoo and lived in the same enclosure as its mother, which has shown no symptoms yet. Therefore, any possibility of the animal having caught the bacteria elsewhere is ruled out. \"This bacteria usually lives in the soil. We don't know if it's the feed or the soil. Till we get the results, we can't say,\" said Agnihotri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12965714", "title": "Ramdev calls MPs dacoits and murderers", "text": "NEW DELHI: After Anna Hazare and his team, Ramdev has stoked a controversy calling MPs &quot;dacoits and murderers&quot;, evoking strong condemnation from Parliamentarians who asserted that such \"insults\" are unacceptable, with Lalu Prasad dubbing the yoga guru as a \"mental case\".Addressing the media while launching his month-long yatra in Chhattisgarh's Durg yesterday, Ramdev said there are good people among the Parliamentarians and he respected them. \"But there are dacoits, murderers, illiterates among them. We have to save Parliament. We have to remove corrupt people.\"The issue was raised in the Lok Sabha today with Speaker Meira Kumar and several MPs, including senior BJP leader Yashwant Sinha , not mincing words in deprecating Ramdev's utterances and asked people to show respect to Parliament.RJD chief Lalu Prasad was also unsparing in his criticism, saying the yoga guru was a frustrated man and a \"mental case\".\"Ramdev is frustrated, whoever speaks like this is frustrated. He is a mental case,\" Prasad told reporters.Samajwadi Party member Shailendra Kumar sought action under the rules of parliamentary privilege against people making such \"derogatory\" references against MPs.Such derogatory remarks made openly on public platforms amounted to breach of privilege of Parliament, he said.\"MPs are being openly bad-mouthed by these persons who are calling the elected representatives a bunch of thieves, thugs, rapists and murderers,\" he said.Ramdev had hit out at the MPs accusing them of not caring for farmers and labourers in the country.\"They are friends and slaves of money. They are illiterate, dacoits and murderers. They are devils in the form of humans, who we have elected to those posts. They are not worth it,\" Ramdev said.Earlier, Hazare and his team, especially Arvind Kejriwal, angered Parliament when they attacked MPs. Kejriwal even called MPs murderers and rapists besides naming 14 Ministers as corrupt and threatened cases against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12958111", "title": "Liquor-addicted son kills father at Usgao", "text": "PONDA: Mangesh, alias Sunil Pandhari Gaude, 32, allegedly killed his father when confronted on his addiction to alcohol on Tuesday evening. Mangesh was under the influence of alcohol at the time of the incident, Ponda police said.Police said it was a frivolous reason that led to the murder of Pandhari, 64, resident of Galiwada-Usgao in Ponda. The incident took place in the house, where Pandhari's wife, also Mangesh's mother, was present.Police said, Mangesh had returned home drunk and was confronted by his father. The spat escalated into a fight and Mangesh picked up a sickle from the kitchen and assaulted his father on the chest with it, police said, and have seized the sickle. \"Pandhari's family summoned an ambulance, however, he died before he could get any medical aid. The ambulance attendant declared him dead,\" police said.Ponda police said the body has been preserved in the Goa Medical College and Hospital morgue for an autopsy to be conducted on Wednesday. Police have registered an offence against Mangesh under Section 302 (murder) of IPC. Mangesh has been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12960348", "title": "Harkinder Ayali builds up his niche", "text": "LUDHIANA: Harkinder Singh Ayali, 30, is one of the most successful colonizers in the city. It is by sheer dint of hard work and dedication that he successfully shifted from farming to the realty business. Harkinder, who did his graduation from Government College for Men in Chandigarh has always liked farming as his forefathers too have been into farming.However, Harkinder wanted to script his own success story and he got a chance to do just that when he bought a failed colony of a realtor on Hambran Road in the city. He did not waste any time after taking charge of the colony and got down to making infrastructural changes like widening of metalled roads and providing proper lightening, sewerage and drinking water facilities in addition to landscaping of the locality.\"I was able to sell all the plots of the colony in two years as I kept inviting people from different sections of society and was able to convince them about good living conditions there,\" said Harkinder.Buoyed by the success, he started construction work on this project that he named Golf Link Apartments in 2007 and succeeded in getting buyers for the same and making it the first approved apartment society of the state. \"I have already sold over 90% of the apartments and now I am working on other realty projects that are in the pipeline. I have been lucky to be working with architects from Europe and Calcutta who have added value to our designs,\" he said, while adding, \"I have a dream of becoming one of the most reliable realtors in the country.\"His other successful projects include Ludhiana Greens, a colony on Hambran Road and Khanna City Center, a mall on National Highway No 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12958041", "title": "Bickering marks East Delhi Municipal Corporation's Day 1", "text": "NEW DELHI: Verbal duels between the BJP and the Congress heralded the birth of the East Delhi Municipal Corporation on Tuesday. Even the inclusion of more women members with 50% reservation did nothing to lower the decibel level.In its first meeting, the East Corporation House swore in two-time BJP councillor Annapurna Mishra as mayor. Usha Shastri was chosen deputy mayor while BB Tyagi was made leader of the House and Varyam Kaur leader of the Opposition. Throughout the proceedings, the East Corporation office in Patparganj Industrial Area was heavily guarded and even the relatives of the newly elected councillors were not allowed to enter.Even as the new corporation's budget was adopted, BJP and Congress locked horns, with BJP members alleging the Dikshit government's effort to 'cripple' the civic body would adversely affect development in east Delhi. \"The East Corporation is starting with a deficit and we don't want a loan but grants from the state government. This will add to the financial burden of the corporation. It is being treated like a step child. We are not in a position to take up major development projects as the salaries of the employees are non-negotiable,\" said BB Tyagi.BJP councillors complained that even the DSIIDC building, which will house East Corporation, doesn't have adequate space. \"Only two floors are allotted to house the corporation. Even the auditorium looks like a theatre. There are no desks to keep our agenda and files; no public address system is in place. There is not even a separate cabin for the leader of the Opposition and other cabins are too small. They should either give us all the floors or shift us to the civic centre,\" said Mehek Singh, chairman of the standing committee. BJP councillors also demanded that Yamuna Par Vikas Board be amalgamated with the new corporation.National issues like inflation and graft also figured during the discussion. There was uproar in the House as Congress councillors displayed placards stating 'We will not indulge in corrupt practices like Bangaru Laxman'. This led to a heated argument between BJP and Congress councillors. \"BJP failed to make an impact in the unified MCD leading to the financial crisis. Delhi government had no option but to go ahead with the trifurcation proposal to increase efficiency of the civic body,\" said Kaur.BJP councillors countered the allegations by raking up the Commonwealth Games scams and pointing out their party had won all three corporations. \"BJP used issues like inflation and corruption to sabotage Congress's image in municipal polls. We, the Congress councillors, want to know how BJP will bring down inflation,\" said Kaur. Mishra brought the meeting to a close saying, \"When the public has chosen us, we have to deliver our best. We need to be meticulous while taking decisions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12960578", "title": "Mosquito menace worries residents of Hubli neighbourhood", "text": "HUBLI: With clouds of mosquitoes hovering in their localities, residents of Gandhinagar near Bengeri in Hubli are a worried lot. Health hazards due to mosquito bites loom large and residents blame the unhygienic condition in the area for this.Children and elderly are the worst affected. Many of them have complained of suffering from bubbles (weals) on parts of their bodies. Urticaria and weals appear on the body following mosquito bites and the itching is unbearable.\"Fever, swelling, redness and bumps on the body have become common among children in the area. It is common to see parents rushing their children to nearby clinics and hospitals,\" said Chandabi Peera, a resident of Gandhinagar.Chandabi's four-year-old granddaughter has got bubbles on her back, and the small girl was crying without being able to bear the itching.Speaking to TOI, HDMC health officer Dr PN Biradar said, \"If bubbles appear on the body coupled with fever and headache , such patients should be rushed to doctors for treatment.\"Overflowing drainsThe main reason for the increase of mosquitoes in area is overflowing drains. Filthy water flows on the roads and often stagnates in potholes, making ample space for mosquitoes to breed.And Bengeri lake, where all the drain water culminates is right adjacent to Gandhinagar. This is another major reason for the mosquitoes to storm the area.Mosquito menace is so much that residents said, using coils is not helping the cause. Since mosquitoes are present during the day too, using mosquito net at night is not effective in preventing bites,\" they rued.Residents are worried of the impending health risks like communicating malaria , dengue, filaria, yellow fever and other diseases caused by mosquito bites. \"The need of the hour is to fight mosquito menace. The corporation should take immediate measures , before deadly diseases show up\", said Fakirabi Sannamani, a resident.Fogging upBengeri area corporater P K Rayangoudra said, \"We are fogging the area on a regular basis, and hence the problem of mosquitoes has reduced. Till now, Gandhinagar area belonged to another ward. This year it is coming under my ward and I will take necessary action to curb the problem. Roads and gutters of Gandhinagar are not developed due to the shortage of funds. This year we will take up development works.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12965609", "title": "Rana to produce Bollywood films", "text": "In a short span of time Rana Daggubati has emerged as one of the most popular South Indian stars in Bollywood. But the actor doesn't seem to be content with it. He has set his sights on producing Bollywood films as well. \"I have plans to produce movies in Hindi but not as a remake. But I am definitely looking at producing good entertaining Hindi films. There is a whole slate that we are working on... Hopefully by next year we would put it in progress. Hopefully, next year you would see me producing a film in Bollywood,\" Rana was quoted as saying by PTI in an interview. Rana feels that being an actor he would be better equipped to produce films. \"Ultimately to get out the content in the right possible way is what a producer has to do. So being an actor it gives me a better understanding in that zone,\" adds Rana. The strapping actor who made his Bollywood debut with Dum Maro Dum is now eagerly awaiting the release of RGV's Department, in which he has played the lead along with Amitabh Bachchan and Sanjay Dutt .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12958057", "title": "'Need more employees to collect octroi'", "text": "NASHIK: The Municipal Karmachari Sena representing employees of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has demanded more staff for efficient collection of octroi by the civic body. Staff from various departments was to be shortlisted and sent for training on May 1, but the NMC is not yet ready with the final list. With barely 167 employees shortlisted till date for octroi collection, the union has demanded adequate staff and facilities if the octroi collection target of Rs 603 crore is to be achieved.\"How can the ruling party expect 167 people to do the work of 350 people and also achieve the target of Rs 603 crore? They said that the administration will be responsible for achieving the target. Let them provide us with adequate staff and facilities and we will try our best to achieve the target,\" said Shivaji Sahane, chairman of the Municipal Employees Sena.He further pointed out that the officiating municipal commissioner and district collector, P Velrasu, had clearly mentioned after the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena's resolution to cancel privatization of octroi that the administration will not be responsible if the target is not achieved. \"Velrasu's view has been recorded in the minutes of the general body meeting when privatization of octroi collection was cancelled. The employees cannot be held responsible. We have to stand by our employees.If they are doing their job well they should be encouraged. In cases where the employees are not performing well we will not support them. But they should not be overburdened,\" he said.Sahane said that out of 7,054 employees, 1,045 posts were vacant and needed to be filled up. \"With bare minimum staff, it is not possible to achieve the target. Shiv Sena had started with the recruitment process when it was in power, but the opposition had stopped the process. Had they not opposed the issue then, this problem would not have arisen today,\" he said.Out of the 1,045 vacant posts, 567 posts are for Class III employees and 417 for Class IV. Most of the octroi employees are from these two classes. \"This year, the collection of house tax and water cess was not as it should have been because of shortage of staff in these departments. Moreover, they were given duties related to census, formulating multiple ward system, voter's list, election duties, and some were even deployed to Malegaon for the election there,\" said Sahane.He said that there was a likelihood that the employees who were posted for octroi collection before it was privatized may not be included in the final list. The officials of the octroi department agreed that it would take some time for outsourcing the appointment of extra staff and that till then the staff shortlisted will be posted for octroi collection. A meeting in this regard will be held on Wednesday with Velrasu, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12959210", "title": "Building project details to be put up on BMC website soon", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government will put up all project details on the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) website to make the building approval process transparent. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan announced the move at a one-hour meeting with 20 members of the Maharashtra Chamber of Housing Industry (MCHI) and senior officials.\"Developers will be able to track the department currently considering his project. It was suggested as developers said they have had to bribe unscrupulous employees to ensure speedy approvals of their project,'' said senior officials.Building proposals currently have to be approved within 60 days. \"Developers will now have to submit complete plans which will then be considered by various agencies including the building proposals department,'' said senior government officials. If a project is not cleared within 60 days, the developer can approach a redressal committee to be formed by the civic chief.However, the MCHI, which had prepared a list of 10 demands including a speedy approval process, was disappointed on other issues as Chavan either rejected them or merely gave assurances. For instance, he rejected a developer's demand to scrap the need to seek approval for heights of buildings, especially those near the airport, from the ministry of civil aviation (MCA). Sources said Chavan did not seem comfortable as officials pointed out the lack of accountability in an air disaster. \"The MCA is an expert body to ensure smooth flight path. In an air disaster, they will be responsible, not the civic body,'' said an official.Following complaints about the delay in forming a new rental housing policy, Chavan called a meeting next week to finalise the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12959142", "title": "Cancer survivor writes an open letter to Yuvraj Singh", "text": "BANGALORE: Ace cricketer Yuvraj Singh has fought cancer and plans to make a cricket comeback soon. But here is a piece of advice for Yuvi from a cancer survivor, who tells him to not be in a hurry.Vijay Bhat, 50, Bangalore-based cancer coach and a survivor of colon cancer, and his wife Nilima, also a cancer coach, have shared with Yuvraj tips on physical and mental fitness before he restarts cricket.Reads Vijay's letter to Yuvraj on the latter's Facebook account: \"I would like to introduce myself as Vijay Bhat (a 10-year cancer survivor after colon cancer, based in Bangalore) and I would like to share this letter with you, with the hope and prayer that a fighter like you would overcome and transcend this difficult experience.\"The letter reads further: \"This message is for you and all the brave 'thrives' everywhere, who are grappling with this game-changer called cancer...We write this open letter to support you, while you take the crease on this sticky wicket.\"Bhats have advised Yuvraj to reclaim the power, take the fork in the road, access his inner resources, focus on the quality (not quantity ) of life and offer his insight and experience to others (cancer patients).Vijay said: \"He (Yuvraj) has just recovered from a disease which drains you out physically and mentally. He needs to rest post-treatment. Cricket will put strain on him.\"Vijay was diagnosed with cancer of colon (large intestine) at the age of 40, in 2001 in stage 2, when he was working with an MNC in London . Despite availability of best allopathic medication facilities, he opted for holistic treatment including traditional Chinese medication (TMC), yoga, vipassana meditation, diet, neuro-linguistic programming (NLP), the enneagram and family constellation therapy. With this combination, he has survived cancer for 10 years. \"I and my wife decided to shift to Bangalore to share our experience with cancer patients here,\" said Vijay, who is now running cancer coach clinic Sampurnah in Whitefield.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12966396", "title": "Review: Idea 3G smartphone Blade", "text": "NEW DELHI: Android-based phones have ushered in a revolution of sorts in past one year. Even those who could not dream of a smartphone until recently now carry anAndroid phone, thanks to a plethora of manufacturers making them at all price points to suit all pockets. To follow up on its pan-India 3G launch, the third largest cellular service provider Idea Cellular launched two entry-level Android handsets in collaboration with two Chinese firms, ZTE and Huawei.Priced at Rs 7,992 and Rs 5,850, the two phones are good value for money and compete with many other budget smartphones such as Samsung Galaxy Y Series and those from domestic firms Spice Mobiles and Micromax.And the most pleasant surprise: Despite having been launched by Idea, Blade is not an operator-locked phone. The users of other networks can also use this ZTE phone, launched by Idea. Moreover, Idea Blade sports decent specs for the price tag it carries.DisplayBlade has a 3.5-inch capacitive screen and is encased in a plastic body with external buttons for Menu, Home, Cancel, volume control and power. It has an acceptable screen resolution of 480 x 800 pixels. Once you have unlocked the home screen, you see a typical Android user interface (UI) with a Google search bar and then the apps below it.At the bottom of the screen are the three buttons for call, menu and browser.And now on to the biggest disappointment of the phone: Despite the phone having a capacitive screen, its touch response is poor and the user may have to swipe a few times to open an app, answer a call, or to perform any other taskOSIt runs on Google's older, second generation Android 2.2 ( Froyo) operating system. Hence, you will encounter the standard, rather dated Android interface as on any other earlier generation Android device. The company has promised an upgrade to Android 2.3 Gingerbread but when and weather the phone will support it fully remains to be seen.Processor and RAMThe handset is powered by a 600 MHz Qualcomm Scorpion processor with 256MB RAM which is just about enough to keep the basic functions running. A bigger problem is that even the basic apps like What'sApp, Facebook, Twitter, Dropbox that range from 9MB to 12MB and occupy considerable space on the RAM, cannot be shifted to the SD card.Though Blade's memory is expandable up to 32GB, adding even a 4 GB card slows down the phone's response to a near still.Since many downloaded apps go and reside on the on-board memory, it is a big minus for any phone. Google Play Store continuously offers updates to the apps and every update make the apps heavier, so to avoid slowing down of the phone, you must use task manger or app killer to keep sufficient free space on the RAM to save the battery life.CameraIdea Blade sports a 3.2 megapixel rear camera which clicks quite decent pictures under test conditions and videos at 10 frames per second (fps), but under low-light conditions the picture gets pixilated and blurred. Though zoom and brightness can be adjusted manually, the difference is very marginal. But unlike its competitors like HTC Explorer which has a 3MP primary rear camera and Samsung Galaxy Y series smartphones which only have a 2MP camera, Idea Blade clicks clearer pictures.BatteryBlade has a lower 1250mAH Li-ion battery that can last a day only if you are using the phone for making calls or text messages. In case, you are using the phone for listening music, playing games or browsing internet, the battery drains out very quickly. But since it has a mini USB, it can be recharged using any mini USB cable.Internet and connectivityThe phone has pre-installed Opera Mini and internet browsers. It supports EDGE, 7.2 mbps HSDPA and Wi-Fi. But here's the catch: As a special introductory offer, Idea is offering data services worth Rs 3,500 with Rs 259 plan but users of other telcos cannot use their 3G plans on Idea Blade and for them it works only as a 2G phone. Its Bluetooth, tethering, USB and GPS are other options for connectivity which function fairly well.Apps and other featuresDespite such a frugal RAM, the phone comes pre-installed with Gmail , Opera browser, live TV service called IdeaTV, Gravity sensor, Google Maps, YouTube , Google Places, document reader which reads word documents pretty well, FM radio and a music player that plays most audio files formats. It also has a 3.5mm audio jack.On the whole, Idea Blade is a good value-for-money Android smartphone. Though it may not be the best at this price (and there are misses too), but considering that all this comes at Rs 7,992, Idea Blade is worth a look-in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12958022", "title": "Farmers to get fertilizers at doorstep", "text": "NAGPUR: For the first time the agriculture department has chalked out a novel plan to deliver fertilizers of different grades right to the doorstep of the farmers in Nagpur district, guardian minister Shivajirao Moghe announced on Tuesday after a district-level official meeting for preparations of the kharif crop season beginning next month.\"Today we have already flagged off two trucks of chemical fertilizers to be delivered to farmers in Kamptee area. Similarly farmers in Mouda will bet the supply in next two days,\" Moghe said. Food and civil supplies minister Anil Deshmukh, Saoner MLA Sunil Kedar, Ramtek MLA Ashish Jaiswal, Kamptee's Chandrashekhar Bawankule, district collector Saurabh Rao and officials of various department including irrigation, power and agriculture, were present. During the meeting, the elected members expressed concern over issues like crop loan distribution, delay in restructuring of loans to farmers suffering from crop losses, non-payment of farmers' accident insurance claims and distribution of water for the crops. The meeting was convened at Bachat Bhavan in the collectorate.\"Nearly 1300 farmers groups have been formed across over 1500 villages in the district. The group heads have communicated to the appointed government agencies about their fertilizer requirement. The supplies will be delivered to their villages well in time,\" said Rao. After success of the scheme in Aurangabad and Pune districts on pilot basis last year, it is being replicated over the state for season 2012-13. The move would ensure that farmers no longer have to face problems of shortage and black-marketing.Looking at the agrarian crisis and farmer suicides in the cotton belt, the government has come out with integrated irrigation project by which a variety of measures would be applied to ensure adequate water for the cotton crop this year, Moghe added.The district collector also agreed to hold a special meeting of district level co-ordination committee of bankers to resolve the deadlock over restructuring of old dues of farmers entitled to special benefits as they have lost over 50% of crop last year due to irregular rains. Regarding disbursement of crop loans, Rao said, \"The banks managed to achieve about 98% of the target last year during the kharif and rabi season. While the DCC provided loans to the tune of Rs 147 crore, the nationalized banks chipped in with Rs192 crore.The officials also promised to look into strong objections raised by Jaiswal and Kedar regarding over 50% rejection of claims under insurance schemes covering accidents for which the government contributes premium on behalf of the farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12957063", "title": "Army jawan held for rape in Alwar", "text": "JAIPUR: An Army jawan was arrested for allegedly raping a 25-year-old married woman in the bathroom of the Alwar railway station's waiting room on Monday. The woman claimed that she had asked the accused the way to the bathroom. However, he followed her and raped her, said police.According to the police, the accused, identified as Rajesh Kumar (32), was posted in Alwar.The incident took place on Monday evening. \"The 25-year-old victim along with her one-year-old child arrived at Alwar junction from Jaipur on Monday, whereas the jawan had gone there for some work,\" said the incharge of GRP, Alwar station, J C Ram.The officer added that after the woman asked the jawan the way to a bathroom, Rajesh followed her to the bathroom of the waiting room and bolted the door from inside and allegedly raped her.The victim informed the people present at the station about the incident, following which he was arrested, the GRP officer said.\"He was trying to flee from the spot. However, we arrested him,\" said the officer.Rajesh was on Tuesday produced before a railway court which remanded him to police custody till May 3. \"He has been booked under Section 376 of IPC and will be quizzed thoroughly. The medical examination of the victim has been conducted. Further investigation is on,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12959073", "title": "Job scheme used to kill gram sabha meets", "text": "MADURAI: The Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGA) was being used as a tool to keep people away from important gram sabha meetings held four times a year, to prevent important issues from being raised and the names of beneficiaries were being kept a secret by the authorities and panchayat administration, say people who participated in the meetings.Shanmugam of Alamarathupatti panchayat in Athoor Union in Dindigul district said he had gone to the gram sabha meeting on Tuesday, expecting a large turnout but was told that the people had gone for work under MGNREGA. \"Is labour day not the day for the working man and woman? Now this government scheme has been used as a ploy to purposely keep people away from the meeting,\" he said.S Dayalan, councillor of the eighth ward of this panchayat, said there were many administrative problems in their panchayat. The panchayat president's husband Sandhanam took arbitrary decisions on allotment of land and other work, he alleged. Many people were ready to raise this issue in the gram sabha meeting, but were kept away under MGNREGA and strictly told that they would lose a day's salary if they failed to come on Tuesday, he said.He said the authorities were also not specific in the actions being taken for development. \"Our panchayat has not been allotted any green house (Pasumai veedhu) and nobody can tell us why, he said. Panchayat councillors say there is a lot of money involved in the selection of beneficiaries of these green houses, hence the selection process was not transparent. \"When contacted, authorities from the union office told us that the houses had been stopped for vaastu reasons, but we don't know if that is true,\" he said.Similarly, there was a very poor turnout in gram sabha meetings in other panchayats such as Kalikampati, Settiyapatti, Ambadurai, Mangarai, Kottrapuli, Ammapatti, G Nadupatti and K Pudukottai unions as people had gone for work on May day.Gram sabhas are now being conducted just for name sake with only those attended by the district collectors drawing a good crowd , say these councillors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12958787", "title": "Centre opposes order to restore pension of disgraced ex-Haryana DGP SPS Rathore", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Union ministry of home affairs seems to be in no mood to allow pension restoration of disgraced former Haryana DGP, S P S Rathore.The MHA has moved an application in the Punjab and Haryana high court seeking a stay on the Central Administrative Tribunal's (CAT) decision to restore the molester-cop's pension.Sources said that the decision to oppose Rathore's pension was taken by MHA after much deliberations and on grounds that Rathore has been convicted by a trial court and the decision was upheld later by the high court.The MHA application opposing the CAT orders would come up for hearing on Wednesday. The Chandigarh bench of CAT had ordered to restore Rathore's pension in December, 2011.The former DGP's pension was withheld by the MHA in June 2010 following his conviction in the Ruchika molestation case by a district court in Chandigarh.Rathore had approached CAT, challenging the Centre's decision, pleading that the alleged act of misconduct has not resulted in any pecuniary loss to the Centre or state government.\"Pension of a person is not a bounty. It is a legal entitlement, which can only be curtailed by an express provision of law and not otherwise,\" Rathore had contended before the CAT.Comparing his case with that of former Punjab DGP, K P S Gill, Rathore had also submitted: \"No order for withholding the pension of K P S Gill, who has also been found guilty of molestation, has been passed.\"Taking up his contentions, a division bench of CAT, headed by judicial member, Justice S D Anand, in December last year had ordered restoration of the pension, observing, \"The competent authority could not have validly directed the withholding of pension on permanent basis.\"Rathore had molested Ruchika on August 11, 1990, who subsequently committed suicide, and was awarded 18 months' rigorous imprisonment on May 25, 2010 by a local court in Chandigarh. Rathore remained behind bars for five months and is out on bail granted by the Supreme Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "lajpat nagar", "code": "12960305", "title": "Dogs declare their love on Facebook", "text": "LAJPAT NAGAR: Facebook is going to the dogs, well not literally. Ludhianavis aren't the only ones updating their status and photos on it -- their pets too are busy connecting.Well here's what a post on the wall of one of the pets reads: \"Hello darling whre r u? iv been waiting for u since morning... n hws ur bro... bruno... luv u tc...'' these are the words of Tyson, a rottweiler. Steffy Bordeaux writes, \"luv u too shone bas... aaj subah se jassi papa ne kaam lagaya hua hai... mai apko sham ko milti hu....''To this Bruno Pitbul writes, \"Tysonnnnnn....!!!! grrrrrrrrrrrrrrr rrrrrrrrrrrr bow bow bow boooowwwww booooowwww sudhar jaaaaaa.'' Now one does not need to be an Einstein to understand that it's a love triangle. Sounds ludicrous? Well no, having pet profiles on social networking sites is the latest fad these days.8-month-old Steffy Bordeaux and 10-month-old Bruno Pitbull is owned by Jassi Kandhal, whereas 5-month-old Tyson Rottweiler is owned by Yogesh Mahajan. These pet owners, who are neighbours, say they love to talk about their dogs and hence the idea of opening a Facebook account for them, as silly as it sounds, is a great idea - it has a feel-good factor. Besides, they add that they noticed the love between their dogs and thought that declaring it on Facebook is the right thing to do. Resident of Lajpat Nagar, Jassi said, \"I have two dogs, a dogue de bordeaux named Steffy Bordeaux and a pitbull named Bruno Pitbull. For the past few months I have been noticing that my friend Yogesh's dog Tyson Rottweiler is attracted to Steffy and is very fond of her. So me and my friend Yogesh decided to declare their love in the dog community on Facebook.''His neighbour, Yogesh said, \"I've been noticing the three pets together - their body language, attitude and likes-dislikes. I don't understand their language but can surely make out their body language. And this is exactly what I post on Facebook.'' He adds, \"I've noticed that when Tyson comes near Steffy, Bruno gets annoyed and protects Steffy. It's a love story where Tyson plays the villain!'' And what's a love story without the world knowing about it? \"If you love someone declare it - and this is exactly what we are doing for our pets. It might sound foolish but we want to share the big chapter in their lives with the world,'' adds Yogesh, who makes it a point to update status of his pet's page regularly.Their friend Gaurav Babbar said, \"I'm planning to buy a dog soon and excited about creating his profile on Facebook. Sure, I agree the idea is slightly ridiculous but I love animals and believe that they too have a right to connect with other and express their feelings.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12957905", "title": "Delhi high court refuses stay on high security registration plates contract", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after the high security registration plates (HSRP) for vehicles were launched, Delhi high court refused to stay the government decision awarding contract to a private company to manufacture the plates.Declining the plea of Real Mazon India Ltd, which was ousted during the bidding process, for a stay on the contract awarded to Rosmerta Technology Ltd, a bench of Justices Sanjay Kishan Kaul and Rajiv Shakdher fixed July 11 as the next date of hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "12966202", "title": "Arushi murder case: Nupur Talwar denied bail, moves Supreme Court", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Holding that legal history is replete with instances of filicide, a special CBI court today denied bail to dentist Nupur Talwar in the sensational 2008 double murder of her daughter Aarushi and domestic help Hemraj.As she prepared for her third day of stay in the Dasna jail, Nupur's lawyers immediately moved for bail in the Supreme Court where she has already sought a review of its decision giving a go ahead to the criminal prosecution of her and her dentist husband Rajesh Talwar.Disposing of her petition, additional district and sessions judge S Lal said he cannot exercise the discretion of giving the bail to Nupur since \"there is a prima facie evidence to suggest the involvement of the accused (Nupur)\" in the light of the seriousness of the offence and severity of the punishment provided.\"The legal history is replete with instances of matricide, patricide and fratricide. Everything is possible in these days of modern era wherein moral values are fast declining and one can stoop to the lowest extent ... She is accused of killing her own progeny, who was in her teens, apart from killing domestic help Hemraj, who had come over from Nepal to eke out a livelihood ... she is also accused of obliterating the evidence of commission of offence of twin murders. At this stage it will not be proper to advert to the merits of the case,\" he said in his four-page order.Accepting CBI's contention, the judge noted that if given bail, Nupur may flee from justice and create hindrance in the speedy disposal of the case as directed by the Supreme Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12961932", "title": "What women want at 'that time of the month'", "text": "Here is a guide for men who are coping with that time of the month in their partner's cycleIt is the quiet before the storm and you can sense the inevitable ship commanded by Captain PMS slowly and steadily hit rocky shores. If you find your woman stacking up the refrigerator with chocolates and the drawer below the television with rented romantic comedies, chances are that she may be going through the premenstrual stress or what some people call, unfairly, the pissed-at-men syndrome. While you wear your shields and prepare to dodge the dynamites, do keep in mind that this monthly hormonal phase is no picnic for your female companion.Some women undergo moodswingduring the ovulation period. Psychiatrist Dr. Anshu Kulkarni says general malice, sadness or happiness without reason is common too.What to doDo the dates you've been avoiding: Watch that romantic movie while snuggled in bed with her, if she tells you to. Take her out for dinner at her favourite restaurant, hold doors and pull out chairs for her. But try not to be obvious or imposing about it.Be the guinea pig: Clinical hypnotherapist and psychologist, Dr Deepali S Ajinkya says,\"Keep in mind that it is the physiological and hormonal changes that she is going through that is making her act out of her element.\" So try out the new dishes she might cook during these days. Wear that shirt at the back of your closet that you know she likes a lot. If she moves the furniture in the drawing room, let her.Get her chocolates: If you ever find yourself in the situation of arguing with a woman who is PMSing, be sure to have a piece of chocolate on hand. Research shows that chocolate intake enhances the expression of MKP in the trigeminal ganglion that lowers the level of inflammatory chemicals, suppressing the symptoms of headaches and migraines.Show sympathy: A woman, whether PMSing or not, simply wants to be assured of the fact that her significant other gets her. All she needs you to do is nod your head and say, 'Yes honey, I understand'. Ajinkya says, assuring your spouse of your presence is all that is needed. If you stand there and offer advice on how to change her mood, it will take you a while to get back in her good books.Be patient: On an average, women have about six days of 'moody blues',\" says Kulkarni. All you have to do is wait it out with more patience than you thought you ever had. Keep different cramping medication handy. This will let her know you care. Your thoughtfulness will heal her more than the medication will.Take on some of her chores: Whether she's requesting you to run to the store and pick up sanitary napkins or help her with the cooking, if her chore list is within reason and physically possible, just do it.What to avoidQuestioning: No woman likes being given the hint that she's acting like a raving lunatic. The worst thing a man can do is ask his partner if she is PMSing. This means that you have noticed her attitude change and are unwilling to deal with it.Point out flaws: A very important thing to remember is not to comment. Don't bring up the fact that she looks fatter in some regions or that her cheeks look chubbier than usual. Women tend to eat comfort food when they are PMSing, regardless of their otherwise strict diet. It isn't up to you to monitor what she eats. Instead, accommodate her temporary diet changes. \"It is important that the man is not critical and doesn't nag his woman during her hormonal phase,\" states Kulkarni. Blemishes and zits on her face, if pointed out, will add to the depression.Arguing: Arguing and fighting with a PMSing woman is highly avoided as it adds to her frustration. Make an effort to calm her down and delay important discussions for a later time when she is not so agitated.mirrorfeedback@indiatimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12957022", "title": "Adarsh commission to quiz union ministry of environment and forests officer today", "text": "MUMBAI: A senior officer of the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF), Dr A Senthil Vel, will on Wednesday take the witness stand before the judicial commission inquiring into the Adarsh scam. Senthil Vel's evidence would be crucial as it was his letter that was misinterpreted as environmental clearance for the Adarsh building--one of the major violations alleged against the housing society.Former deputy secretary in the state urban development department P V Deshmukh in October 2002 had written a letter to MoEF, seeking an NOC for Adarsh. Three months later, MoEF wrote back, saying the \"construction may be taken up as per CRZ rules and the Coastal Zone Management Plan of Greater Mumbai\". The allegation against Deshmukh is that he misconstrued this letter as an NOC.Additional chief secretary T C Benjamin and Mumbai's new municipal commissioner S J Kunte had told the National Coastal Zone Management Authority that the letter had been misinterpreted by Deshmukh. According to Benjamin and Kunte, the letter was not a clearance for the project. Instead, the housing society should have approached the Maharashtra Coastal Zone Management Authority ( MCZMA) for permissions. Based on the evidence of the officers, MoEF in 2010 ruled that Adarsh had no NOC and recommended the demolition of the building.Deshmukh had tried to distance himself from the MoEF letter. During his testimony, he told the commission that his 2003 letter was not a CRZ clearance for the society. During cross-examination by Adarsh's lawyers, he denied that his new stand was to protect himself from CBI prosecution.Deshmukh said the letter was for CRZ classification of the land, adding that Adarsh did not have an NOC from MoEF to start construction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12956736", "title": "\u2018Radical reforms in higher education\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: The AP state government will bring in radical changes in the higher education system, said C Damodar Rajanarasimha, deputy chief minister and minister for higher education and technical education, at an event on Tuesday. Speaking at the curtain raiser for the upcoming Indo Global Education Summit 2012, the minister said that henceforth higher education in the state would focus on skill development and improving employability of graduates by facilitating collaborations with foreign universities.Ponnala Lakshmaiah, minister for information technology and communications, said, \"To tackle the problem of low employability, the system has to be revamped. A committee comprising vice chancellors and academics has been constituted to work on a mechanism that could provide an efficient solution to this problem.\"The education summit organised by Indus Foundation, a non-profit educational trust, is a three-day programme to be held in the city from September 7 to 9 and aims at facilitating long-term collaborations with foreign universities. C D Arha, former secretary, GOI and chairman, Indus Foundation, said, \"Around 20 million of the country's population is pursuing post secondary education. With growth in economy and population, there will be enormous increase in pressure on our campuses\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12958024", "title": "SC reserves verdict on Mayawati\u2019s plea to quash DA case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday reserved its verdict on former UP chief minister and BSP supremo Mayawati's four-year-old petition seeking quashing of the CBI's disproportionate assets case against her.Her counsel, senior advocate Harish Salve, told a bench of Justices P Sathasivam and Dipak Misra that the case was a tool for political witch hunt against her and the apex court had never ordered registration of FIR on the alleged disproportionate assets.Salve said the CBI had initiated probe into the alleged Taj Heritage Corridor scam under the Supreme Court's supervision and registered an FIR in that case. But nowhere did the court sanction a separate investigation into the DA case and the FIR was lodged to serve as a political tool at the hands of political parties ruling at the Centre.The governor had refused to grant sanction to prosecute Mayawati in the Taj Heritage Corridor scam leading to closure of the case against her. However, the CBI linked the alleged disproportionate assets to the scam and registered another FIR.Additional solicitor general Mohan Parasaran, appearing for the CBI, referred to a series of apex court orders in the case from time to time and said the agency had filed four probe status reports before the court.The bench, before conclusion of arguments, asked about the \"linkage\" between the DA case and the Taj Heritage Corridor case. Parasaran said the linkage could be found in the court's order bifurcating the probe into the scam and other matters arising out of and related to the scam.Counsel for interveners, Kamini Jaiswal, said the agency had not conducted the probe in a fair and transparent manner and that should not be a ground to close the case.In August 2010, the CBI had filed an affidavit contesting Mayawati's argument that the agency was harassing her despite the Income Tax Appellate Tribunal backing her stand that the \"disproportionate assets\" were gifts received by her. The CBI had argued that the ITAT findings were based on assumptions and conjectures whereas evidence collected by CBI was unimpeachable.Earlier, the CBI had agreed to consider her April 20, 2010, representation protesting CBI's stubbornness in persisting with the DA case despite the clean chit from the I-T department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12961231", "title": "Samsung surges, trounces Nokia &amp; Apple in phone market", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's official. Last week when Samsung reported record profit in Quarter 1 of 2012, many analysts suspected the company had surged past Nokia for the first time in 14 years to become the top phone vendor in the world. Now IDC, a market research firm, has put some figures on the tablet. In a press note IDC says that Samsung has shipped 93.8 million phones in Q1, 2012. Nokia, meanwhile, has shipped 82.7 million phones. This puts Samsung and Nokia's market share at 23.5% and 20.8%, respectively.In the smartphone category, Samsung has dethroned Apple by shipping 42.2 million units. According to IDC, Apple shipped 35.1 million iPhones in the same duration. Nokia is the distant third with 11.9 million units. IDC says Samsung's ascension to the market's top spot is largely a reflection of its gains in the smartphone market over the past two years. According to the firm's report, Samsung has registered a 267% yea-on-year (YoY) growth in smartphone market.\"The halcyon days of rapid growth in the smartphone market have been good to Samsung,\" says Kevin Restivo, senior research analyst with IDC's worldwide mobile phone tracker programme. \"Samsung has used its established relationships with carriers in a mix of economically diverse markets to gain share organically and at the expense of former high fliers such as Nokia.\"The worldwide smartphone market registered a 42.5% YoY in Q1, 2012 with manufacturers shipping 144.9 million smartphones compared to 101.7 million units in Q1, 2011. The 42.5% YoY growth is 1% higher than IDC's forecast of 41.5% for the quarter, and lower than 57.4% growth in the fourth quarter of 2011.IDC says that going forward, the contest between Samsung and Apple will be fierce. \"The race between Apple and Samsung remained tight during the quarter, even as both companies posted growth in key areas,\" says Ramon Llamas, senior research analyst with IDC's mobile phone technology and trends programme. \"With other companies in the midst of major strategic transitions, the contest between Apple and Samsung will bear close observation as hotly-anticipated new models are launched.\"Apart from Samsung, Nokia, and Apple, Taiwan's HTC and RIM, which makes Blackberry phones, are among the top five smartphone vendors in the world. Nokia, RIM and HTC registered a decline in their smartphones shipment in Q1, 2012. While Nokia's number took a dive by nearly 50%, for HTC and RIM the numbers fell by 23% and 29%, respectively.In terms of overall phone shipment, Apple is the biggest gainer among top five manufacturers, registering a YoY growth of over 88%. During the same duration, Samsung's numbers increased by 35% while ZTE grew by 27%. LG is biggest loser with its shipment numbers taking a dive by 44%.According to IDC, the worldwide mobile phone market declined 1.5% YoY in the first quarter of 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12960277", "title": "Daughter, father arrested in Apna Bazar theft case", "text": "RAJKOT: Police have arrested a 26-year-old woman and her father in connection with the theft of Rs 4.95 lakh from Apna Bazar on Bhupendra Road. The money was stolen from the locker on April 27.An employee of Apna Bazar Sejal Shah was arrested on Tuesday and investigation revealed that she had stolen the money from the locker using duplicate keys. Apna Bazar is being managed by Rajkot Jilla Madhyastha Grahak Sahkari Bhandar Ltd. The complaint was filed by Apna Bazar's administrative officer Rashmikant Pandya with the A-division police station.\"Since the beginning we doubted involvement of some insiders in this case. Our investigation was on right track and finally Sejal confessed the crime. Officials of Apna Bazar tried to search the accused on their own, but when they could not find anything, they filed a police complaint,'' a police official said.Sejal, who is a clerk at Apna Bazar office, used to keep important keys with her. Her father Mahesh Shah was aware of the theft after she brought the money home. However, he did not inform the police.Meanwhile, after the complaint was filed, she put some Rs 1.5 lakh into the locker, which created further suspicion. Police said the remaining amount was recovered from Sejal's two-wheeler.\"She told the police that she wanted to take advantage of some schemes in which money could be doubled after paying some initial amount and thus, she tried to steal the money. However, we are investigating the case and exact truth will come out soon,'' the police official said.Police have recovered the entire stolen amount from her and are investigating the case further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "12957823", "title": "Solving farmers' problems a priority: Nitin Raut", "text": "YAVATMAL: \"Solving problems of farmers will be a priority for the state government,\" said guardian minister Nitin Raut on Tuesday. He was speaking at the flag hoisting ceremony to mark Maharashtra Day.While highlighting the achievements of the government, Raut said the state is growing at rapid pace and has become the most-sought after destination in the country.Recalling the valuable contributions of two former chief ministers from Yavatmal (VP Naik and Sudhakarrao Naik), Raut said the district has 797 small and big projects with the capacity to irrigate 1.92 lakh hectares of land. The capacity would be increased to 2.91 lakh hectares once the projects are complete, added Raut.\"Rs 806 crore have been disbursed to farmers as crop loan, 593 approach roads have been constructed, Rs 83 crore was sanctioned under the Maharashtra rural employment guarantee scheme and 20,800 wells were dug,\" said Raut while listing the achievements of the state government.Plans are afoot to solve the drinking water problem of the district, said the minister.MLAs Nilesh Parvekar and Sandeep Bajoria, ZP president Pravin Deshmukh, vice-president Yeyati Naik, SP Ranjankumar Sharma, collector Indrasen Titkare and district home guard commandant Dr Susheel Bathalwar attended the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12957368", "title": "\u2018Soorvani\u2019 sets new rhythm for Kutch folk music", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In a first, some 350 folk musicians in the border district of Kutch have formed an association. Their aim is not only to help the artists gain more, but also to revive rich music traditions that are fast vanishing in changing times.Soorvani, the newly-founded association, has begun functioning as platform to fetch contracts for performances to musicians living in remote villages. Besides facilitating these folk artists from distant areas in reaching out to urban audiences and potential patrons across the country, Soorvani will also attempt to training them to perform with aid of electronic gadgets. Most of these artists have little exposure to modern recording equipments.Soorvani's co-ordinator Bharmal Sanjot says that the concept of forming an association of folk artists emerged when they were into documenting and recording Kutchi music for radio programme aired by an NGO - Kutch Mahila Vikas Sangathan. \"While building music bank in the last decade, it was realized that the local music was in dire state and required systematic efforts for preservation. There was a huge problem of mediators, who were exploiting ignorant artists. To redress these issues, we thought of creating a platform for musicians so that they remain connected with promoters of folk music and earn better,\" he said.Sanjot said that the association has been able to manage more than 100 performances at the district, state and national level. \"There are nearly 150 artists that get regular shows, but majority of those listed are yet to perform on commercial basis. We have also planned training for them,\" he said.Senior artists that are popular and have successful career like Ismail Para and Abdulla Turk have accepted their role as leaders, and have started channelizing their contracts through the association.Interestingly, three of the artists - Bhet singer Mustufa Jan from Bharawandh; the only Surando player on this side of sub-continent Osman Savan; and singer Dana Bharmal, have been tipped to perform in Greece in near future. During the last Kutch Carnival in Bhuj, the performance by Soorvani earned the best rhythm award.Besides providing a platform to artists, Soorvani has continued documenting musical formats and poetry. It has come out with publications on Kutch's music history and various singing formats.Its book 'Sur Shabadh ji Vani' throws light on rare singing of Vai and now extinct locally Dastaan, besides still in vogue - Bhet and Kafi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12958494", "title": "NCP councillor\u2019s son among gang of dacoits arrested", "text": "NASHIK: The son of a sitting councillor of Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) has been arrested among the gang of dacoits arrested by the Panchavati police on Monday.According to the Panchavati police, the accused - Nilesh Jawale, is the son of a sitting corporator of Yeola municipal council, Manohar Jawale.Nilesh is among the gang of four nabbed by the police on Monday afternoon, after they received a tip-off that a gang of armed dacoits was moving suspiciously in the city.Informing more in this regard, deputy commissioner of police (Zone 1), Sahebrao Patil said, on Monday afternoon, senior police inspector of the Panchavati police station, S D Walke got a tip off that a gang of armed dacoits was suspiciously moving about in the city in a Swift Dzire car, apparently to attempt a dacoity in the Panchavati area of the city.Subsequently, the information was passed on to the senior officials and acting on their directive, the Panchavati police along with sleuths of the crime detection branch launched a hunt and found the gang waiting in thick bushes near the Siddhi Vinayak temple at Maharashtra Engineering Research Institute (MERI), while their car was parked in such a way behind a tree that no one could get a view of it.The police pounced on them at the said location, however, one of the gang members managed to flee from the scene. Apart from the NCP corporator's son, those arrested are Shreekant Abhale (24), Nilesh Lachke (27), all three residents of Yeola and John alias Sunil Hari Kajale.Meanwhile, the police also found two country made pistols, a live cartridge , a sword, a sickle like sharp object, a nylon rope, a bag of chilli powder and four mobile handsets. All these objects used for armed dacoity have been seized by the police along with the car. A case in this regard has been lodged at Panchavati police station.While Nilesh Jawale is a son of sitting corporator from Yeola, another accused Sheekant Abhale is said to be a mechanical engineering student and is in the last year of BE at a college in Yeola. His father Tukaram Abhale is a sectional engineer in the irrigation department.Further, accused John alias Sunil Hari Kajale has a case of murder and attempt of murder registered against him at the Panchavati police station.DCP Sahebrao Patil said that the procedure of externment was underway against Kajale, however he had been absconding for a while.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12957271", "title": "Constable beaten up after accident", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A constable with the Aslali police station who attempted to broker a truce between two quarreling groups after an accident on Monday night was beaten up by more than 20 youths. Police have arrested two youths for assaulting a government employee.According to Aslali police officials, Rajendrasinh Rathod, a resident of Navagam, Kheda, was passing from near Aslali crossroads in his SUV when he had an altercation with Vishal Bharwad, a resident of Vatva. The cause for the quarrel was overtaking.\"When Prahlad Vankar, a constable with the Aslali police station, was passing by the spot at 9.45 pm on his way to a nearby hotel to have dinner, he stopped at the scene,\" said an Aslali police official. \"He talked to both parities and asked them to carry on rather than quarrel. By that time, Bharwad had called his friends who reached the spot.\"Investigators said that the youths who arrived started beating Vankar up when they saw him in a heated discussion with Bharwad. Vankar then revealed his identity and the youths understood their folly and fled from the spot. Soon, a team of policemen reached the spot and arrested two of the more than 25 youths. Vankar was sent to the LG Hospital and then to the VS Hospital for the treatment of injuries on his head.\"We have arrested Bharwad and his friend Ghelabhai Bharwad, a resident of Vinzol,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12957527", "title": "Nagpur girls avenge last year's defeat, in final", "text": "NAGPUR: Taking sweet revenge of their last year's three-point defeat in the semifinals, Nagpur cagers outclassed Thane 28-14 to book their final berth in the Maharashtra State Sub-Junior (U-13) Basketball Championship currently in progress at the Miraj Youth Development Centre in Sangli on Wednesday.While city girls made it to the final their boys' counterparts went down fighting to Mumbai North in the quarterfinals.In the girls' semifinal clash, Nagpur rode mainly on their third quarter's performance to get the better of their arch rivals with ease. After winning the initial two quarters with an identical score of 6-4, Nagpur went ahead by four points at the halfway mark.After the change of ends, the combination displayed by Rucha Aurangabadkar, Rasika Pande and Siddha Deshmukh helped Nagpur blank Thane 10-0 in the third quarter and stretch the lead to 14 points at the end.After a handy lead, Nagpur took it easy in the last quarter where both the teams scored six points apiece as city girls registered a comfortable win over Thane.For the winners, Rucha Aurangabadkar (10), Rasika Pande (8), Siddha Deshmukh (6) and Tanvi Patel (5) played well while Sanjivani Bhagat scored six points for Thane.Earlier, in the quarterfinals Nagpur defeated Solapur 28-5 with Anushka Anbira (10) and Rasika Pande (6) doing all the damage. The quarter-wise scores read 5-1, 16-0, 5-2, 2-2.In the summit clash, Nagpur will face the challenge of Pune, who made light work of Satara 61-33 (14-6, 4-8, 20-9, 22-10. For the winners, Shruti Sherigar (16), Pruthwi Gour (14) and Ruhi Kanakaya (10) played well while Rutuja Pawar contributed 13 points for Satara.While girls brought cheers there were disappointment in store for the Nagpur boys squad. Without playing a single game in the championship - with two walkovers in the league stage - Nagpur boys made it to the quarterfinals but went down fighting to Mumbai North marginally by two points 29-31. The quarter-wise scores favouring the Mumbai outfit read 11-4, 0-7, 9-8, 11-10. The efforts of Yash Jiwtode (7) and Jay Dokey (6) for Nagpur went in vain. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12957250", "title": "CIC to take call on making I-T returns of MPs public", "text": "NEW DELHI: Should income tax returns of Parliamentarians be made public? At a time when the average growth of personal assets of parliamentarians has increased by 289% in five years of holding office, the Central Information Commission (CIC) will on Wednesday turn its attention to the issue of whether it is in public interest to disclose I-T returns of MPs.The case is related to an application filed by Anil Bairwal, national coordinator of the Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR). ADR is a think tank that has been campaigning for transparency in elections and electoral reforms. Bairwal had sought information on the I-T papers filed by 20 MPs from all major political parties, including Cabinet minister Ajit Singh, Kumari Selja, minister Sachin Pilot and others like RJD chief Lalu Prasad Yadav in 2010.The application was turned down by the I-T department on the argument that ``no overriding public interest'' was found in disclosing this information and ``third party'' that is the assesses had objected to the disclosure of the information.In its second appeal, ADR has pointed out that knowing a candidate's sources of income were of prime importance to judge the candidate's eligibility for contesting elections and that so far the disclosure of income by candidates was unverifiable.Now, MPs have to submit a list of their assets which is self-declared and unverifiable. In recent years, the Election Commission of India has also asked candidates to provide the total income that they have declared in their last I-T return. However, unlike in the US and the UK, where parliamentarians voluntarily disclose their tax returns, in India it continues to be with held by public authorities.According to recent reports, the average increase in the assets of MPs and MLAs based on their self- declarations with Election Commission of India (ECI) was been very high. For the Lok Sabha MPs, the average increase was 289% or Rs 2.9 crore per MP within five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12955161", "title": "Facing Failure", "text": "Never mind failures; they are quite natural, they are the beauty of life. What would be life without them? It would not be worth having if it were not for struggles. Where would be the poetry of life?Swami Vivekananda*Why do we fail? Is it because we are unlucky? Is it because we have not worked very hard? No! It is for a different reason that we experience failure. It is for the strengthening of our consciousness that at times, God grants us defeat.Sri Chinmoy*Life has meaning only in the struggle. Triumph or defeat is in the hands of the Gods. So let us celebrate the struggle!Swami Sivananda*But there is suffering in life, and there are defeats. No one can avoid them. But it`s better to lose some of the battles in the struggles for your dreams than to be defeated without ever knowing what you`re fighting for.Paulo Coelho", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12960329", "title": "Goa, Kerala on Ludhianvis' itinerary for summer vacation", "text": "LUDHIANA: With summer comes a host of opportunities for fun. From ice-creams and 'golas' to water parks and late night drives, there is a lot to do to get rid of the scorching heat. But, what adds to this time of frolic are the summer vacations.Ludhianvis are busy chalking down their vacation plans as the 45-day holiday for children begins soon in city schools.People are busy deciding the destination they want to spend their vacations at, with travel agencies offering various packages to lure vacationers.The ones planning a domestic tour are looking at Goa, Bangalore, Ooty, Mysore and Srinagar while Europe, Thailand, Malaysia, Bangkok and Singapore top the priority list of those travelling abroad.A Bharat Nagar based travel agency owner says, \"We have reasonable travel packages for Goa and other destinations in the south and some really lucrative offers for places like Jim Corbett and Manali. There are economical tour packages for places abroad as well.''Another travel agency owner from Bhai Randhir Singh Nagar says they have special packages for Srinagar, Manali, Shimla, Kullu, Patnitop and Darjeeling considering people would want some respite from the heat and visit hills.Alina Singh, a college student, says, \"I would like to go to Kerala as I am quite fond of scenic beauty and I relish south Indian food as well. I have heard a lot about various therapies administered in Kerala, so I wouldn't mind getting one of them.''For Atul Gupta, a Chandigarh Road resident, the summer vacation is a chance to break from the monotonous work routine and spend some quality time with his family. \"I would prefer a trip to a nearby station as I wouldn't be able to spare much time,'' says Atul.\"We may make a 4-5 day trip to Haridwar and Rishikesh and relax in the peaceful environment at the ashrams and temples there. I like river rafting a lot and I am looking forward to venture in the waters once I am there,'' he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12958345", "title": "Retailers against integration with wholesale market", "text": "COIMBATORE: Retail traders at Anna Market in Saibaba Colony approached the district collector requesting his intervention to abandon the corporation budget's proposal to construct a joint market for the wholesale and retail traders together at Mettupalayam Road. \"The wholesalers must be asked to locate outside the city. The proposal if implemented will take away our business, and create heavy traffic in the city,\" said KK Kuttan, a retailer.The corporation had in the recent budget said that they would build a combined market for both retailers and wholesalers at Mettupalayam Road. However, the wholesale business, if combined with retail will create problems in the city. \"Around 500 to 600 vehicles with vegetables and stationery items will ply through the city, from 4am to 4pm. This would create traffic congestion,\" said CRC Narayanan, another retail trader.The retailers claim they will petition the corporation mayor, councillors, and even the Chief Minister to scrap the proposal put forward during corporation budget. The retailers say that though the corporation takes rent from them they are not provided with electricity and water connections. \"We get water from roadside pipes. We get power from a private supplier through a generator,\" said Narayanan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12956661", "title": "Four on death row, but no hangman", "text": "HYDERABAD: The list of 'death row' prisoners is getting longer in the state. With death sentence having been handed over to a former CRPF jawan in Srikakulam on Monday, in all, four people are on the death row - two in the Rajahmundry central jail, one at the central prison, Cherlapalli, and another at the Visakhapatnam central prison.If their death sentences are confirmed, which is a long-drawn procedure, they would all have to be hanged at the only jail in the state that has gallows - the Rajahmundry central jail.The last execution carried out at the Rajahmundry central jail was that of Nambi Kishtappa of Anantapur in 1976. In 1997, the execution of Vishnuvardhan Rao and Chalapathi Rao, sentenced to death in the Chilakaluripet bus burning incident, was not carried out because of Presidential clemency at the last minute. Though there has been no execution at the Rajahmundry central jail since 1976, jail superintendent K Newton said the gallows was kept in perfect condition. \"It's in working condition because of the regular maintenance,\" Newton told TOI.Two prisoners, Bandi Venkateshwar Rao and Katam Srinivas Dora, sentenced to death in two separate cases, have been lodged in the Rajahmundry jail. Venkateshwar Rao, who hails from Prakasam district, was sentenced to death on July 29, 2011 for killing his brother's two children and attempting to rape his sister-in-law. Dora of East Godavari was handed over death sentence on July 4, 2011 for raping and killing a minor girl by setting her ablaze.Another convict who is on the death row in the state is Borgam Rajender of Bodhan, Nizamabad. Rajender was found guilty of murdering his wife. In the gory incident, he not only beheaded her but hanged the body outside his house because he suspected her fidelity. Currently, he has been lodged at the Cherlapalli jail since he was convicted and sentenced to death on June 4, 2011.The latest to join the death row prisoners is former CRPF jawan Metta Shankar Rao. He was sentenced to death on April 30 by the Srikakulam district court for killing seven people. The morning after Metta Shankar Rao was handed over the death penalty, police said, he showed no remorse. \"He does not seem to be disturbed. He looks composed,\" K S Fazal Haz, superintendent, Visakhapatnam central prison, said. But prison officials are taking no chances as those sentenced to death could develop suicidal tendencies. Shankar Rao is under 24 hours watch with two jawans taking turns to keep tabs on him. He has been provided counselling and has also been informed that apart from the high court having to confirm the death sentence, there are options of going to the Supreme Court and also appealing to the President of India for pardon. In case, a prisoner eventually to be hanged, it may be mentioned here that there is no hangman to carry out the task.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12957869", "title": "Man falls in open drain", "text": "NAGPUR: The wife of a 32-year-old man is counting her blessings. Her husband escaped with minor bruises after falling into an open drain along Power Grid road. A distraught Parwati Kumbhare contacted corporator Savita Sangole to narrate her husband's experience and urged her to ensure such death traps in the area are covered.The victim Naresh Kumbhare limped away with minor bruises. However, Parwati said he could have suffered severe injuries. Kumbhare was on his way home after office on Friday evening when the incident occurred. Nari ward corporator Savita Sangole said the issue was very serious in her prabhag.\"Over 300 manholes and drains are lying uncovered in various localities in my ward. Almost every alternate day I'm getting complaints about people getting after falling into manholes with missing covers or open drains and ditches. They are a threat to not only pedestrians but also to motorists,\" she added. Sangole visited the site where Kumbhare fell. She said the manholes near Power Grid were not visible in the night as the place was poorly illuminated.The civic body has admitted in response to a RTI query that there were over 300 uncovered manholes in Nari ward alone. At least 32 manholes are without cover in Jagrut Nagar. The situation is similar in Sugat Nagar, Kabir Nagar, and Kalpana Nagar in the ward.Insufficient street lighting in this part of the city is adding to the problems of residents, as chances of people falling into open manholes are more, pointed out a resident of Jagrut Nagar, Rahul Awasarmol. \"It seems the authorities are waiting for a tragedy to happen before they cover the manholes on the main stretch leading to many areas,\" said Biswajeet Karmarkar.Corporator Sangole wondered how, despite complaints, Asi Nagar zone of NMC ws not taking any cognizance and leaving manholes uncovered for months. \"It seems the civic authorities were indifferent to the safety of tax-payers,\" she rued. Sangole added that NMC should find some permanent solution to this problem before the onset of monsoon.Assistant municipal commissioner of Asi Nagar zone Ashok Patil refused to comment saying that he had not received any complaints from residents. He, however, pointed out that whenever the civic body replaces the covers, they go missing again.Meanwhile, around 50 uncovered manholes in front of Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation workshop near Ganeshpeth are also posing a serious threat to residents. They allege that despite repeated complaints the manholes have not been covered since a long time.Approximately 8,000 (5%) of a total 1.5 lakh pits, including manholes, drains on sewer line and road side storm water drains, across all 10 zones are without cover. Even the zone-wise survey conducted by the health department confirmed that the city had almost 750 to 800 open manholes and drains in every zone.Jan Manch, a city-based NGO, had approached the high court in 2005 after a middle-aged man died having he fell into an open manhole near LAD College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12958139", "title": "Continuing medical education programme in neurosurgery to held at Goa Medical College", "text": "PANAJI: The department of pathology, Goa Medical College, Bambolim, in collaboration with the Indian Academy of Cytologists, will organize a continuing medical education (CME) programme in neurosurgery on May 3, at 3pm, in the pathology department's seminar room. The CME will be chaired by Dr R G Wiseman Pinto and the speakers will include Dr Jay Gunjikar, Dr Vynetta Devadoss and Dr Anoushka Pereira. The topics that will be covered include a clinico pathological conference on Meningioma, types, grading, management and recent advances of Meningioma. The Goa Medical Council has given CME accreditation to this programme, which is open to doctors practicing in the state.Release of Ricardo Sequeira's book: 'Crossroads', a book by Ricardo Sequeira, will be released at Hotel Mandovi, Panaji , on May 5 at 6pm. The novel is published by Olympia Publishers, London .Summer camp at Margao, Ponda : A summer camp for children in the age group of 5 to 16 will be conducted by Ramcom Institute from May 2 to 15 at Margao and from May 2 to 12 at Ponda. For details and registration call on 9766496277 or 9730065677.Workshop in cold ceramics: Sunaparanta - Goa centre for the arts, Panaji, will host a workshop in cold creamics at its premises from May 7 to 10, from 3.30pm to 5.30pm. The workshop will be conducted by Ramdas Gadekar. Cold ceramics is an interesting medium of art where a mixture of resins, hardener and chalk powder is made to form a sticky dough which is then replied onto the surface to create an embossed effect, states a press note. For details call on 2421311.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12958370", "title": "May 1: Haryana promises hike in minimum wages", "text": "GURGAON: The state Labour ministry has announced that the minimum wages for skilled, semi-skilled and unskilled categories might soon be revised in Haryana, although the estimate of the hike wasn't made clear. Speaking to TOI on the International Labour Day, state labour minister Shiv Charan Lal Sharma also said that a new notification, mandating industrial firms that employ contractual labour to hire an equal number of permanent employees, will also be introduced.\"We are going to have a meeting in a few days. We are expecting that, like Delhi, we will be raising the minimum wages in Haryana,\" said Sharma. The monthly minimum salary in Haryana is Rs 4,643 for the unskilled category, while wages for the same segment are relatively high in Delhi at Rs 7,020. \"We haven't yet decided by what margin would the wages be hiked,\" Sharma said, adding that PF interest rates, another popular demand among the unions, would not to be revised. Retirement age for workers is also going to be raised by 2 years, from 58 to 60 years.Stricter norms are also being devised for contractors and manufacturing units hiring contract labour, as is the preferred way in Gurgaon and Manesar. \"Those who hire contract labour will have to employ an equal number of permanent workers. We are also cutting down on the number of licensed contractors in the state, so that exploitation of workers at the hands of contractors stops,\" the labour minister said.The issue of contract culture also loomed large at the few May Day rallies held in several parts of Gurgaon on Tuesday. \"We demand that contract labour be abolished. This is our top priority,\" said Anil Kumar , district secretary, All India Trade Union Congress, speaking to a small gathering near Rajiv Chowk.Satbir Singh of the Centre for Trade Unions also castigated the government for its 'anti-labour policies,' and demanded that minimum wages be raised to Rs 15,000 a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12965589", "title": "Ajith, Vishnuvardhan\u2019s film stars rolling soon", "text": "Ajith, who is gearing up to release his upcoming flick Billa 2 directed by Chakri Toleti, is preparing to start his next procject that will go on floors within two weeks of time.Billa director Vishnuvardhan will don the directors' cap for this untitled venture. Arya, who has worked with Vishnuvardhan earlier in the movie Sarvam is playing the main antagonist in this film, while Nayantara who is all set for her strong come back will be playing Ajith's love interest.Yuvan Shankar Raja, who has just composed a youthful refreshing music for Ajith's Billa 2, will be composing the music for this yet-to-be-titled entertainer. Technical crew of this movie consists of cinematography by P.S.Vinod, Anu Vishnuvrdhan will design the costumes and A. Sreekar Prasad will take care of editing department.Source: Way2movies.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12950659", "title": "Amrita and Farah come together again!", "text": "It was a moment of deja vu for Farha Khan and Amrita Rao !The actress was directed by Farha Khan for a commercial. They came together for the first time during Main Hoon Na (2004) which was Khan's directorial debut .An insider informes \"Farha shot Amrita for an ad of a brand that she endorses. The ad shows Amirta as spunky and sporty gal.\"When contacted Farha laughed, \"Amrita is my l'il star! Like Main Hoon Na, I have tapped her funky side and will be seen skate boarding, rappelling, and bungee jumping in the ad film.\"Farha added, \"You know every time I see Vivaah, I get so emotional that I end up sending her an sms for her brilliant performance. Though she got popular with the traditional Indian image, I always still like to see Amrita as a rebel of Main Hoon Na. She is bhandaar of talent and has so much potential. She should do more number films as her best is yet to come. She has youth by her side plus the experience.\"When asked why she had not cast Amrita after Main Hoon Na, Farha says, \"I wanted Amrita be a part of my title song in Om Shanti Om along with all my close friends but unfortunately that could not happen as she was shooting in Italy. But she is always on mind and the moment I create a plot that demands her, she is on for me.\" Amrita adds, \"A director is the one who makes you and that is what people will perceive and recognize you with. I'm happy to be back under her brilliant talent and guidance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12961200", "title": "Free online coaching for CET aspirants", "text": "MANGALORE: Gyanshop.com will organizing a free online CET coaching for students appearing for Common Entrance Test (CET) conducted by the Karnataka Examination Authority from May 4 to May 18. As many as 25 CET questions will be sent to students by e-mail on May 4, 7, 10, 14 and 18.These questions are prepared by PU college lecturers who have served in the CET panel. Answers for the questions and a new set of 25 questions will be sent to students every Thursday by e-mail from May 4. The answers for questions sent on May 18 will be e-mailed to students on May 20.All students will receive a total of 125 questions and answers free of cost. All lecturers will be available at the 'phone in' programme to be held in the Gyanshop office on May 18. Interested students can log on to gyanshop.com and register their name or sms their name to 7760077722 to avail the facility. The aspirants can clarify their doubts to the questions and the answers by sending e-mails to cet@gyanshop.comThe organization was started as a knowledge network under the guidance of BA Viveka Rai, former Vice-chancellor, KSOU for the specific purpose of helping CET aspirants.It had started its mock online CET examinations recently and in last 10 days more than 2,000 students had availed benefits of this. These questions have been prepared in such a way that none will be repeated in any number of attempts that one may take.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12958528", "title": "Plea brings to light custodial torture", "text": "CHENNAI: Shocked by alleged third-degree torture meted out by police to a crime suspect, whose teeth was broken, lips torn and legs fractured, the Madras high court has ordered treatment to him in a private super-speciality hospital.Making it clear that it was only an interim arrangement, Justice K Chandru said that the question as to who should pay for the medical treatment will be decided later.C Dhanasekaran (33), who was arrested by the New Washermenpet police in an attempt to murder case, was admitted in the Government Royapettah Hospital on March 16. The officials claimed that he had suffered fractures in a fall from a height of 40 feet.However, his sister Chitra approached the high court, alleging custodial torture and pleading for better treatment for her brother. Taking up her petition, Justice Chandru put a specific question to the government advocate as to how exactly did Dhanasekaran sustain the injuries. He pointed out that Chitra had magiven a detailed description of the circumstances and the manner in which her brother had suffered the injuries.In her petition, Chitra said her brother's legs were wrapped with wet gunny bags and tied with ropes before being beaten with casuarina logs. Two police personnel stretched his legs and stood on his knee and ankle joints, and he was hit with the butt of rifles and pistol, leaving him with broken teeth and torn lips, she said. While all this was being done, Dhanasekaran was kept gagged with cotton so that his cries would not be heard by anyone, she said. \"He was denied even the privilege of crying aloud,\" Chitra said.In order to verify her claims, Justice Chandru appointed advocate V Lakshmi Narayanan to meet Dhanasekaran in the hospital and record his first-hand narration. The advocate too complied with the direction and filed a report.Saying he was convinced that Dhanasekaran had been subjected to custodial torture, as the advocate's report more or less tallied with the claims in Chitra's affidavit, the judge referred him to the private hospital, and posted the matter to April 25 for further orders.New Washermenpet police told TOI that Dhanasekaran faced a total of 49 criminal cases, including five murder cases and nine cases of attempt to murder. His last arrest was in a case of attempt to murder and a gun was recovered from his possession, they said.C Dhanasekaran, arrested in an attempt to murder case, was admitted in the Government Royapettah Hospital. The officials claimed that he had suffered fractures in a fall from a height of 40 feet", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12964820", "title": "Congress MP alleges manhandling by police in Gujarat", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Gujarat government today came under sharp attack in the Lok Sabha from non-NDA parties when a Congress member from the state claimed she was manhandled by police, putting the BJP on backfoot.Members of the Left parties, SP, BSP, Trinamool Congress, AIADMK and RJD got together and said swift action was necessary. Some members said it should be referred to the Privileges Committee and stern action should be taken against the guilty.Girija Vyas (Cong) raised the issue on behalf of party colleague Prabha Kishore Taviad and said the latter was not allowed by the police to attend the Gujarat Divas celebrations at Dahod. She claimed that Taviad and some Congress MLAs were manhandled by the police and taken 300-400 kms away in a police vehicle yesterday.Taviad, according to Vyas, was provided medical help only at 8pm and later allowed to board a train for Delhi. As a visibly upset Taviad showed bruises on her arms, Vyas claimed that she was pulled by her hair and manhandled. This prompted Congress members to shout 'shame, shame' as their BJP counterparts remained silent.Leader of the Opposition Sushma Swaraj said since the issue was serious, she would talk to Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi and get back to the House .Amid slogan shouting by Congress members, parliamentary affairs minister Pawan Kumar Bansal suggested that the matter be referred to the Privileges Committee of the Hous.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12957173", "title": "Rabindranath Tagore\u2019s bond with Ahmedabad runs deeper", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Rabindranath Tagore's bond with Amdavadis runs much deeper than just a couple of visits to the city. Tagore's love for the city had actually translated into marital relationship between his nephew Saumyendranath and Srimatiben, daughter of Liela Purshottam Hutheesing.Leila was the matriarch of one of the most powerful business families in Ahmedabad, the Hutheesings. It was this bond that drew Tagore to Ahmedabad on several informal visits. Then Srimatiben used to sing Rabindra Sangeet at the Sabarmati Ashram every day.During his visit to the city in 1920, Tagore attended the annual convention of the Gujarati Sahitya Parishad (GSP) for the first time in which Mahatma Gandhi too was invited. Gandhiji was associated with GSP since 1915 and had initiated the process of preparation of the first official dictionary of Gujarati. However, a few would know that the only election that Gandhiji contested in his life was in Ahmedabad.The Mahatma fought polls for the president's post at Gujarat Sahitya Parishad in 1919 and lost to Hargovinddas Kantawala, who was a social reformer and even wrote a book in Gujarati 'Sansar sudharo' published in 1920, the year Tagore attended the GSP meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12956987", "title": "'Sodomized', 21-yr-old slits roomie's throat", "text": "MUMBAI: A 21-year-old youth has been arrested for reportedly stabbing and slitting the throat of his 40-year-old roommate at their room in a Shrirampada chawl in Bhandup (W) on Tuesday. Ramesh Jaiswal said he killed Ramniranjan Bharati as the latter had been sodomizing him for the last three months. Police have seized a 12-inch-long knife that Jaiswal had used in the crime.Hailing from Uttar Pradesh and tailors by profession, Jaiswal, Bharati and three others have been roommates for over a year had been staying in the room for the last one and a half years. They hail from a same district in Uttar Pradesh. For the last year-and-a-half they were staying in the small 10x10 room.\"Jaiswal said that a few days back Bharati told the other three that he treated the accused like a girl and had been sexually exploiting him. Unable to continue with the ordeal, an ashamed Jaiswal initially contemplated suicide but could not do so,\" said Bhandup police senior inspector Shrirang Nadgauda.\"Finally, he changed his mind and decided to take revenge against Bharati for ruining his life ,\" added Nadgauda.Around 4am on Tuesday, Jaiswal woke up and repeatedly stabbed Bharati while he was sleeping. \"Before the victim could react, Jaiswal slit his throat. Meanwhile, the other roommates woke up on hearing a noise and found Bharati in pool of blood and Jaiswal sleeping. However, on seeing police, Jaiswal got up and tried to flee,\" he said. Deputy Commissioner of Police (Zone VII) Sanjay Shintre, said, \"The accused has confessed the reason that triggered him to kill Bharati.\"Jaiswal has been booked for murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12958662", "title": "Man, kid killed in accident", "text": "CHENNAI: A bike rider and his daughter died while his two sons escaped unhurt after the vehicle skidded on a bridge near the airport and crashed against the wall.The five-year-old girl was perched on the tank while the boys, aged 10 and 11, were riding pillion behind their father on Sunday night. Police have identified the man as P Shankar, 40, of East Tambaram and the girl as Rashika.The man, a chauffeur, was on his way to drop his children at his mother's house in Royapettah around 9pm. He was on the flyover when he lost control of the bike, swerved left and ran into the wall.The boys fell off the bike but the man and girl hit the wall head-on. Shankar's helmet flew off in the impact as it was not strapped.An ambulance parked near the flyover took all the four to a private hospital where Shankar was declared dead on arrival and Rashika died early Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12964892", "title": "Nokia PureView 808 coming to India in May", "text": "Nokia's 41-megapixel smartphone PureView 808 is expected to see its India launch in May. Russia will also be one of the first countries to receive the device.The Symbian S60-powered Nokia PureView 808 was one of the major highlights of this year's Mobile World Congress held at Barcelona.Nokia 808 PureView features a high-resolution 41 megapixel sensor with high-performance Carl Zeiss optics and new pixel oversampling technology. At standard resolutions (2/3, 5 and 8 megapixels) this means the ability to zoom without loss of clarity and capture seven pixels of information, condensing into one pixel for the sharpest images imaginable.Nokia 808 PureView also includes full HD 1080p video recording and playback with 4X lossless zoom and the world's first use of Nokia Rich Recording. Rich Recording claims audio recording at CD-like levels of quality. PureView also features Dolby Headphone technology.According to reports, Nokia so far has no plans of launching the device in the US. The company has also not yet revealed the official pricing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12958323", "title": "Corporation to start fish farming in Coimbatore lakes", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city corporation is planning to lease out major water bodies within its limits and rope in private parties to start fish farming. Part of the lake restoration project, the corporation has sent a detailed report to the government for approval.\"We will do pisciculture in these waters in a scientific manner. It will be a source of additional income for the corporation and the funds could be utilised for further maintenance of the water bodies,\" said TK Ponnusamy, Commissioner, Coimbatore Corporation.The report submitted by the civic body includes a proposal to start pisciculture farms in Ukkadam Lake, Valankulam, Muthannankulam, Singanallur, Selvampathi, Kumaraswami and Selvachinthamani lakes. The corporation will formally seek tenders and then lease out the water bodies to private individuals interested in taking it on lease. As of now, at least 350 acres of water bodies will be given on lease to rear fish. The fish younglings can be procured from fisheries and these fish could be caught and commercially sold.\"We expect an annual revenue of about Rs 80,000 per acre of fish farm once it gets implemented,\" Ponnusamy added.The corporation will also renovate the perimeter of the lakes and erect proper fencing around it. Boating will also be started in Ukkadam Lake and walkways will be constructed around the perimeter of water bodies for jogging, with benches and concrete structures, except at Valankulam. \"We will not permit any activity that will tamper the ecological balance of the water bodies,\" said Ponnusamy.However, at present, around 82 fishermen with TN government approved identity cards depend on Ukkadam lake for their survival. They fish in the lake twice daily. They said unauthorised dumping of waste into the water was affecting fish life as numbers are constantly dwindling.\"The water is getting heavily polluted and nobody is taking any effort to clean it. Our catch is dwindling on a daily basis. There are at least 12 different varieties of fresh water fish species in the lake,\" said M Nandakumar, a fisherman at Ukkadam lake.The city corporation had plans to commercialise the water bodies two years ago by renovating the lakes and introducing various commercial activities and water sports. The proposal was also submitted to the district administration for its approval but eco activists in the city raised strong objection to the proposal and the civic body agreed to ensure that the ecological system of the lakes are not compromised for commercial activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12958352", "title": "Empowering maids: School boy helps over 200 women to open bank account", "text": "GURGAON: A city Class XII student is setting an example on how one can be helpful to the underprivileged at a young age. Vidur Relan is providing basic financial advice to domestic helps in Gurgaon so they can open a bank account.For the past two and half months he has been building financial awareness among domestic workers to the extent of opening a bank account.Already around 100 maids working The Pinnacle, Icon, Trinity Towers, Westend Heights and Suncity have got their bank accounts opened in different nationalized banks after Vidur assisted them.At an age when most children prefer spending time with friends, playing video games or watching movies, this 17-year-old boy is on a mission. Vidur a resident of 'The Pinnacle' in DLF Phase V, has taken this initiative of educating domestic helps on money and banking by helping them understand a savings bank account, so that they are introduced to the financial system and become financially inclusive. This in turn paves the way for their making use of other financial products like loans that they might need in their lives.It all started nearly two and half months ago when his domestic help approached him to for some advice on opening a bank account. Since then there was no looking back. He approached his friends and prepared a volunteers' force. And he took up this project of financial inclusion whereby he wants to be useful to society in this unique way.He has already assisted about 200 maids of different housing societies out of which more than 100 have got their accounts opened in different banks. The societies include Pinnacle, Icon, Trinity Towers, Westend Heights and Suncity Heights in DLF Phase V. Vidur said, \"I myself have no financial interest in this but want to contribute to the betterment of those who make our lives convenient and better, while I get to learn as well. I contacted several banks and looked for best schemes and options of money transfer all over India as it was most required by those for sending money to their families living elsewhere. I have been guiding and helping them in collecting required documents and making them understand the benefits of saving their wages.\"\"I have my friends and acquaintances in other apartments helping me in this project. I also got the support of different RWAs of private condominiums who helped me in interacting with the domestic helps in their societies,\" he said.Talking about family's concerns, Vidur said, \"Though my parents are worried about my studies as I am in Class XII, the fact is it does not require much time, it only needs dedication and willingness to do something for society.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12964994", "title": "Tamil Renigunta in Kannada?", "text": "Johnny, Sanusha, Nishanth starrer Tamil movie Renigunta will be remade in Kannada as Anekeri Beedhi. It will be directed by Keerthana Joseph.It is believed that there will be some changes in the remake to suit the sensibilities of Kannada audiences. Srikanth and Ganesh will play prominent roles in the film.Keerthana Joseph has planned to complete the film in just sixty-day shooting schedule. Charan- Job Kurian will score music of the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12957252", "title": "Fifth tender for floating restaurant", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Will Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) be fifth time lucky in starting water sports and a floating restaurant in Sabarmati river? This is the big question haunting the civic body officials.The AMC has received 36 expressions of interest (EoI) to start such facilities after it issued tenders, the fifth time, inviting private firms to start these facilities. The civic body has asked them to send detailed proposals by the first week of May along with the land requirements.In the past too, many firms lined up but after visiting the river, almost all backed out.The stink in the river is holding firms from started a floating restaurant. Also, AMC is not promising them water in the river throughout the year. \"AMC can guarantee water for 8-10 months only and hence not many firms are coming forward to start the floating restaurant,\" said a senior AMC official.Majority of the private firms which showed willingness in the past were eyeing the prime land of the riverfront. Citing a recent example, the official said that a Mumbai-based company proposed to start water sports, but when it came to finalizing the proposal, it asked for 40,000 sq mt of riverfront land. This demand was not feasible and AMC asked the company to submit a fresh proposal with demand for land that would be used for office and a small storage facility only.Similarly, other companies too have been demanding a sizeable chunk of land that too at subsidized rates.In the past, Sabarmati River Front Development Corporation Ltd (SRFDCL) had received only three EoIs to start a floating restaurant. A proposal which had almost materialized was that of a city-based entrepreneur who wanted to set up a platform in the middle of the river. The proposal was, however, turned down by AMC.Floating restaurants are envisaged at three placed - between Vasna Barrage and Ambedkar Bridge; Ambedkar Bridge and Sardar Bridge, and Sardar Bridge and Nehru Bridge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12957857", "title": "Chickenpox cases on the rise in city hospitals", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Cases of chickenpox are on the rise in city hospitals. As the virus is highly contagious, eight-ten cases are being seen in different hospitals daily. And it is likely to become widespread with rise in the temperature.\"This virus is self-limiting which needs around three weeks to go. However, proper hygiene and antiviral drugs can reduce its frequency and intensity. I have been seeing six to eight cases since the past one week,\" said Dr R S Bedi, a paediatrician.The virus spreads through the air and is transmitted through droplets. \"The pox is contracted when an infected person coughs or sneezes or through contact with fluid from chickenpox blisters,\" said Dr Anil Kumar, a city-based physician.While it is most commonly found in children under 10 years of age, doctors say one can contract the disease at any age. \"In case it occurs during adulthood, the infection can be severe. Besides there are many myths associated chickenpox and there are many patients who keep visiting the temple for a cure before coming to us,\" said Dr Bedi.The incubation period of the virus is 14-15 days. \"Immunization is done to prevent chicken pox. But still the virus can occur, though with lesser intensity. The pox begins with rashes starting from the face and gradually spreads to other parts of the body,\" said Dr Ravi Kumar, a paediatrician.Pregnant women are not advised vaccination as it can have an adverse impact on the unborn child. \"Pregnant women have to undergo abortion during early stages of infection. The virus strikes during transition of season,\" said Dr Ravi.Doctors advise patients to wear loose cotton clothes and not to scratch as the watery discharge from the pox can spread the infection further. \"Vaccination against chicken pox is given at the age of 12-15 months and another dose at the age of seven,\" said Dr Bedi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12957814", "title": "UT to take up issue of bypass with neighbours", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With Chandigarh unable to find adequate land for construction of bypass and ring roads along the city's boundary to keep traffic at bay, the matter is expected to be taken up with Punjab.A meeting to discuss inter-state issues will be held on Wednesday, which will be attended by officials from UT, Punjab and Haryana.The proposed developmental projects around Chandigarh will generate massive inter-city vehicular traffic movements, which will further congest the road network of Chandigarh. \"A proposal needs to be worked out in consultation with the support of states of Punjab and Haryana on top priority to construct a bypass road that keeps no-Chandigarh destined traffic away from the city thereby reducing congestion,\" says the status report on Chandigarh Master Plan.However, a preliminary study conducted by the UT architecture department has found that there is not enough land available on city's periphery for construction of bypass and the projects need to be jointly taken up with Punjab.The issue of ring roads and construction of more alternate routes with Mohali and Panchkula for smooth movement of traffic has already been discussed in the previous meeting. Over two lakh vehicles enter Chandigarh from two cities on a daily basis, clogging Madhya Marg and Dakshin Marg during peak hours.In September last year, the ministry of urban development had also asked UT, Punjab and Haryana to replicate NCR model of transport for the Chandigarh Capital Region and set up a Regional Planning Board for integrated development. These issues are also likely to be discussed.The issue of a common dumping ground and water sharing from Kajauli water works, too, would be discussed with the neighbouring states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12965300", "title": "Sneha's marriage fixed", "text": "The time has come for yet another person of the film fraternity to get into the league of married people. And this time, the news might be sounding very excited and happy for that person but it would bring heartbreaks and tears for her fans and admirers.We are talking about the homely beauty Sneha. News is that Sneha is all set to get married on May 11th and the lucky man to have her heart is the noted Tamil actor Prasanna. It is known news that few months back both got engaged in a very low key ceremony and now the wedding is scheduled in Chennai.However, the consolation is that, unlike other married heroines who quit acting, Prasanna has reportedly given Sneha the choice of continuing with her acting or quitting. Currently, Sneha has got few projects in Tamil. Here's wishing this lovely lady and her would-be a very happy married life.Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12958429", "title": "Probe into occupation certificate to buildings", "text": "GURGAON: Municipal commissioner Sudhir Rajpal has ordered an inquiry in a case in which a few commercial buildings in the old city were given occupation certificate without approval from the competent authority. The matter relates to khasra numbers 684, 876, 3862 and 1802 in the revenue estate of Gurgaon village near ITI Road in Chander Nagar. According to a source, even though the owners of the buildings had not submitted obligatory information %pertaining to things such as %car parking space area, the officials of the building plan department gave them the occupation certificate.The commissioner has also written letters to the building owners (a copy of which is with TOI) stating that the letter/certificate should be treated as withdrawn and that they should furnish the required information at the earliest. \"We are investigating the matter and will accordingly take action against those found involved in the matter,\" said Rajpal.The commissioner had never ordered issue of occupation certificates for these buildings, said the source. \"It is very strange that the occupation certificates were issued without the knowledge of the commissioner. In fact, the MCG had ordered for submission of measurements duly checked by an empanelled architect before issue of completion certificate for these buildings, but that does not seem to be the case here. The fraudulent certificates were issued about a year ago and only recently the matter has been brought to light,\" said the source.\"The commissioner has taken the matter seriously because such instances are taking place every now and then. Already there have been complaints about officials demanding bribe to waive off house tax and to issue documents like no objection certificate to buy or sell a property. In the present case, it appears that officials from the building plan department have issued the certificates after taking bribe,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12958203", "title": "On the wild charms of masala soda", "text": "PANAJI: As cities grow, some essential parts of it go into hiding. The street stalls retreat into the inner folds of the new city, local ice cream vendors (for some reason called Mewad Prem across large parts of the country) turn coy and cede ground to nationally known brands, the baraf ka gola with its luscious layers of colourful flavours are banished into the exile of outdated and unhygienic practice, men on cycles with loud bells promising to sharpen knives or re-fluff our razaais thin out from the more affluent localities, varieties of street food gradually become legends found only on food shows and perhaps most importantly we don't find masala soda vendors on our roads.Growing up in middle class India, soda was an occasional treat. Tired of the exquisite cool balance of nimbu pani, and denied the exotic charms of orange squash (only for important guests), every now and then we strayed into the wanton arms of nimbu soda. Made from a simple concoction of lime, some chaat masala and bante-wala soda (the bottle with the marble stuck inside it), the drink delivered a surprisingly strong kick. Soda activated what was hitherto docile and sweet into something wild and feral. It allowed us to douse our throats with something searingly potent, wipe our slightly masala encrusted lips with the back of our hands and go aaaahh with a sense relief too deeply located to be identified with any part of the body. The pleasure was experienced twice over-as the liquid burned a hole down our chests and as the gas effervesced its way out.For soda was a permissible foray into hot-bloodedness, something we were allowed to indulge in, notwithstanding its ability to re-order the civilized molecular equilibrium of stability ever so temporarily. It made us feel alive as it hit the right spots and shook us out of the torpor induced by a relentless summer that baked us into slowness. It was not merely refreshing, it was deeply energizing in its own unsettling way. It multiplied the bite of the lemon in an exponential manner till it became something that corroded the throat as it went down. A nimbu-soda has all the finesse of a homemade bomb, with crude, readily available and altogether ordinary ingredients combining chemically to produce devastating effect. It disappeared even as it burned its way down leaving us the legacy of a burp or two. In many ways, we didn't drink the soda; it was the soda that consumed us. The lime gave it bite, a hint of cruelty that makes things interesting while the masala made it pleasurably Indian. In some ways, the masala spoke to the Indian penchant for turning all foods into a form of chaat.Soda drew its power from two different sources. The first was its form, its ability to effervesce with latent potency. Soda is all intent, with very little content, a powerful medium without a coherent message. The seemingly innocuous water-like appearance hides an explosive wildness that gets unleashed when the bottle is opened. The act of opening a bottle of soda is akin to setting free a genie seething in claustrophobic anger, only to awaken avid with intent. Soda represents the unanticipated belligerence of the ordinary; the possession of the otherwise placid water by a fit of redeyed road rage. The combination of sleepy passivity in appearance and snarling energy in action allowed soda to be legitimate while providing a measure of wildness to its drinkers.The other source of its power perhaps lay in its association with alcohol. The darkness associated with alcohol rubbed off on its accomplice and soda got imbued with some of the aura of sinfulness that inevitably surrounded 'hard drinks'. Soda amplified with the dark power of whisky, it allowed alcohol to showcase its potency in a vividly visual way. When we drank soda we were allowed to consume sin from a detached but visible distance. Vice sparkled in a whisky and soda, and the ice added mystery.A whisky and soda simmered with masculine portent, with the soda allowing the whisky to slide out of the brooding layers of its murky liquidness and attach itself to the our insides, alive, brandishing purpose. As a delivery vehicle for alcohol, it was both respectful and impatient, trading off its complexity for a quicker, more palpable hit. Soda made the whisky fire crackle, both in the glass and in the stomach.The key to the allure of most soft drinks today lies in part at least to the fizzy power of soda. Without aeration, beverages turn stately and offer nutrition and other forms of maternally approved goodness. Motorcycle madness is replaced by scooter pragmatism, vitamins are clocked, minerals are imputed, and much measured sipping takes place. The pour down the throat is outlawed, and bright colours are needed to lure us into the docile arms of juices and shakes, all pretty with purpose.In an India that is no longer as passive as it was, and which finds stimulation in many other ways, soda by itself may not serve the purpose it once did, but it is an intrinsic part of our everyday life. Step out of any cocooned metropolis, and soda is everywhere. Nothing neutralizes the summer as well as it does and nothing produces energy without discernible content as dramatically as it does. It is instructive that in the meantime our attitudes towards alcohol have also undergone a sea change. Alcohol is no longer the grim escape it once was; it is instead an enabler of good times. Soda today perhaps draws its meaning not so much from its bottled power but the spirit of restless and directionless energy that it adds to our life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12957826", "title": "Chemical Factory in Faridabad caught fire", "text": "A manufacturing company caught fire in Faridabad on Tuesday evening. The company, Marclen Paints, in Sector 58, makes paints and thinners. No one was present in the factory at the time of the incident, said police.Fifteen fire tenders were pressed into service but were unable to douse the fire till late evening. Since the company makes inflammable products, a short circuit is suspected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "anantpur", "code": "12966627", "title": "Constable misfires, kills himself", "text": "ANANTPUR: An escort constable was killed when he accidentally pulled the trigger of his rifle in the court compound here today, police said.Constable Sreenivasulu was waiting in the escort vehicle for undertrial prisoners, when he allegedly misfired from his rifle and hit himself in the head.He was a 1993 batch recruit. A case has been registered while investigation into the incident was on, police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12957397", "title": "Police to meet Palande\u2019s family", "text": "MUMBAI: The police will record the statement of Vijay Palande's family members in Chiplun to confirm that he had visited them a couple of hours after he dumped Karankumar Kakkar's body. Palande, along with his accomplice, Dhananjay Shinde, had dumped the body at Kumbharli ghat in Chiplun and later visited his two sisters who stay close by.Palande and Shinde had killed Kakkar in his Oberoi Springs flat in Andheri (W). They chopped the body into pieces and travelled to Chiplun in Kakkar's BMW to dump the body.The police arrested Palande in the case and he took the police team to the spot where he dumped the body. The police recovered Kakkar's body remains from different spots and sent it for forensic examination.An officer had stated that the statements of his family members and their neighbours will help them prove Palande's presence in the area on that day. The police are travelling the entire route from Mumbai to Chiplun to trace witnesses. The police had recorded the statement of Palande's friend in Pune in whose house Palande had parked the BMW before returning to Mumbai. The friend confirmed to cops that Palande and Shinde had visited him to park the vehicle.Cops arrested Palande and Shinde along with two aides, Manoj Gajkosh and Simran Sood, in Kakkar's murder. Simran had introduced Kakkar to Palande and Gajkosh was involved in the murder conspiracy, the police said. The last two accused had not visited Chiplun but were involved in the murder conspiracy, said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12963021", "title": "Shrenu Parikh in Byah Hamari Bahu Ka?", "text": "Speculations have been rife over the cast of Hats Off's forthcoming show titled Byah Hamari Bahu Ka which will air on Sony Entertainment Television.It was recently reported that Karan Wahi, currently seen in Rajan Shahi's Kuch Toh Log Kahenge, has been approached along with many other names to play the male lead in the show. While the production house is still hunting for the male lead, we can now tell you that Shrenu Parikh, who was last seen in Rajan Shahi's Hawan (which failed to rake in ratings), has been finalised to play the protagonist in the show. What's noteworthy is that both these actors - Shrenu and Karan are associated with Rajan Shahi. Informs a source, \"\"Hawan may have failed to deliver numbers but the cast of the show has certainly been noticed.Shrenu will now play the male lead in JD Majethia's show.\"\" Says another source, \"\"There will be two families thus two protagonists and one of them is Shrenu. She is currently in Gujarat recovering from her health woes. Apparently, the production house has already started shooting with the other family. The show is tipped to hit the tube starting May 24.\"\" Shrenu remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12958052", "title": "Mathadi workers sit on dharna at district collectorate", "text": "NASHIK: Denouncing the state government's move to exclude onions from the list of agricultural products governed by the agricultural produce market committees ( APMC), the mathadi (head loader) workers from the state staged a dharna at the collectorate on Tuesday, which was Labour Day.The agitators claimed that the state's decision rendered headload workers jobless, as grapes and onions are widely produced crops in Nashik and de-regulating the same would mean no work for them.Nashik produces grapes and onion on a large scale. Of these, grapes have already been eliminated from the rules of the APMCs, which means that they do not come to APMCs. The government order of March 30 eliminates some of the fruits and vegetables from the list, which includes onions.\"Nashik district has nothing if the two produces - grapes and onions - are excluded. Having lost grapes already, mathadi workers will be left with no jobs if onions are not brought to the market,\" said Prakash Shinde, district secretary of the Mathadi Kamgar Union. \"We therefore staged the dharna to draw attention towards our demands so that the state withdraws its orders related to onions,\" Shinde added.The union also pointed out that the Mathadi Act has been applied to work undertaken in godowns of the district supply office. The Mathadi Board is deducting levy to the tune of 35% of the wage, which is already 25% less because the contractor takes his share. \"The head load worker is badly hit from all sides and it is better if the issues are resolved on a priority basis,\" Shinde demanded.The union has also demanded that orders related to the mathadi workers in Crompton Greaves Limited, Ambad, also be rectified as the orders were not in the interest of mathadi workers. The union has also demanded paid leaves for those working in the company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12959056", "title": "Richard Loitam was murdered, say cops", "text": "BANGALORE: In a startling volte face, police on Tuesday changed the case of the suspicious death of Richard Loitam, 19, to that of murder. Loitam was found dead in his hostel room in Madanayakanahalli on Tumkur Road on April 17.Till Monday, police had maintained they were waiting for the chemical analysis of his visceral samples and histopathological tests to proceed with investigations. The tardy progress in the probe into the death of Loitam, a native of Imphal , Manipur, and first-year student of Acharya NRV College of Architecture, Chikkabanavara, near Hesaraghatta, had sparked off a huge online campaign.Students from Manipur and other northeastern states had gone viral with their protest, alleging that police and the college were shielding the guilty. Two students, Vishal Banerjee and Syed Afzal, were questioned but let off. \"We got part of the postmortem report on Monday, which said that Richard died of internal injuries in his head. These wounds may be the result of blows delivered by his friends in a scuffle,\" Madanayakanahalli police said. They said they had to wait for forensic reports before making any arrests. Unconfirmed reports said two youths were arrested in connection with Loitam's killing. However, Madanayakanahalli police denied picking up anyone for questioning. \"It's true it's a murder case. We have to question the hostel occupants before arresting the real culprits,\" police said.CHANGING THEORYPolice said Loitam may have died of head injuries he was suspected to have suffered on April 15, when he met with an accident while riding a bike. Loitam supposedly did not get proper medical treatment after the accident. On Monday, Bangalore Rural police produced the badly damaged helmet of Loitam to buttress their claim that he could have died due to internal head injuries. Police said the bike involved in the accident belonged to Vishal Banerjee. They said Vishal and Loitam had fought over the damages caused to the bike. Syed Afzal is said to have dealt a few punches to Loitam during the scuffle. Reports also spoke of a scuffle in the hostel between Loitam and other students, when the former changed the TV channel while the others were watching an IPL match on April 16. Two hostel mates are reported to have punched Loitam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12958066", "title": "'No idea about meter deadline'", "text": "NASHIK: While officials at the regional transport office (RTO), Nashik, have decided to start taking stern action from next week against autorickshaw drivers who do not charge fare as per the meter, auto drivers seem to be least bothered about the rule.Deputy regional transport officer Jayant Patil said the Shramik Auto Taxi Chalak Malak Sangathana was in the process of distributing 10,000 revised tariff cards among rickshaw drivers. He said tariffs had also been revised, for which auto drivers had called a day's strike. The new cards had then been sent out as well.Now that the tariff cards have been distributed, it is expected that rickshaws will start plying by meter. To ensure that rules are followed, RTO officials as well as rickshaw union leaders are conducting meetings at different places. However, a large number of rickshaw drivers are still clueless about when the compulsion of pay by meter would come into force.Raju Dusane, a rickshaw driver at Shalimar says, \"The new rule is supposed to come into force within a fortnight. A meeting in this regard with the police commissioner is also scheduled. Once it comes into force, it will be very convenient for passengers, but they will have to shell out more fare for a comfortable ride in rickshaw.\"Another rickshaw driver said that the compulsion of pay by meter would never see the light of the day in Nashik as this rule has never worked out here. He said that in Nashik people first enquire about the fare and then sit in the rickshaw. Ramdas Kamod at CBS bus stand said, \"If the RTO wants to make pay by meter compulsory, we are ready for it, provided it is supported by passengers. Passengers in the College Road area want to go by meter from CBS to Rajiv Gandhi Bhavan, but not up till Mahatma Nagar, even if they have to travel with five other passengers in the same rickshaw.\"Kamod added that fare by meter will be convenient for all, as no auto driver will have to fight over passengers with others and drivers will also not compete with one another by charging lesser fare. Nashikite Pandit Nikale said that most importantly, fare by meter will stop the loot of passengers. Nowadays, there are many incidents of auto drivers taking a passenger and making their acquaintances sit by the passenger only to loot him after travelling for a few kilometers. If passengers start paying by meter, they can question if some stranger is made to sit beside them, Nikale said.However, Nikale is unaware if tariff cards have been distributed among drivers. \"No one has come to our stand with the tariff cards. The issue of plying by meter does not arise till then,\" he added. There are also many rickshaw drivers who point out the technical difficulties in installing electronic meters, saying that they will have to charge its battery now and then. Some also say the focus of the RTO is on getting the electronic meters installed on rickshaws as the company that produces these machines is owned by some politician.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12964365", "title": "IIT-JEE answer sheets to be posted online", "text": "NEW DELHI: IIT aspirants will now get to see their evaluated JEE answer scripts even before the result is declared on May 18. IIT Delhi, which organised JEE on April 8 this year, has decided to upload the checked optical response sheets of every candidate on the JEE website to maintain transparency and avoid any errors. It is for the first time that the candidates will get a chance to go through their answer sheets to see if they have been evaluated properly.If a candidate finds any discrepancy, he or she can lodge a complaint online. These evaluated answer sheets will be available online from May 5 to May 10. The facility to submit requests for revision will close at 5pm on May 10 after which representatives of all IITs will meet to consider the requests. If found correct, the responses will be updated by May 14. According to IITD director, R Shevgaonkar, it may happen that the scanner does not pick up correct responses if a candidate has not filled the response bubble completely.\"In such a case, they can simply lodge a complaint and we will go through it before the preparation of the final merit list,\" he said. However, candidates will not be allowed to change their responses or question the answer keys provided by IITD. The facility is only for highlighting any technical glitches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12959499", "title": "To fight flab, sleep for more than 9 hours", "text": "LONDON: Struggling to shed the flab? Fret not. Just sleep over it, literally, say researchers . A new study, led by the University of Washington, has found that sleeping for more than nine hours daily may help a person shed weight - this is because it counteracts a genetic predisposition to obesity.In the study of twins, the researchers have found that sleeping for less than seven hours a night was linked to higher bodyweights and a greater susceptibility to genetic factors that influence weight.However, the opposite was true in people who slept for nine hours or more, The Daily Telegraph said.Several genes have been found to be associated with obesity and this is thought to be the first study to examine how sleep interacts with them.Researchers analysed 1,088 pairs of twins and found that the genetic influence on their body mass index was twice as great in those who slept for less than seven hours as compared to those who slept for nine hours a night.Lead author Nathaniel Watson said, \"The results suggest that shorter sleep provides a more permissive environment for the expression of obesity related genes. Or it may be that extended sleep is protective by suppressing expression of obesity genes.\"Dr Watson said the results may suggest that weight loss measure would be most effective when genetic influences on obesity were mitigated through sleep extension.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12958428", "title": "BJP stands by Sushma Swaraj's comment on Presidential polls", "text": "NEW DELHI: With alliance partner JD (U) reacting to Leader of Opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj's comment that BJP would not support any Congress candidate for the President's post, BJP on Tuesday confirmed that Swaraj's remarks reflected the party line and also clarified that it was not the NDA view.\"There is no difference between what Sharad Yadav (JD-U chief) said and what she (Sushma Swaraj) said... it is true that Sushma Swaraj stated the BJP's view and not that of the NDA,\" party spokesperson Rajiv Pratap Rudy told reporters in a damage control exercise to avoid a rift within NDA.Rudy said a discussion with NDA allies as well as the \"larger opposition\" is yet to take place. Swaraj had only said that BJP would accept a candidate for President which is chosen by the opposition. \"Here she was talking about the larger opposition, including NDA,\" he pointed out.BJP, however, reiterated that it would not go in for any understanding with Congress on the Presidential polls. Swaraj had on Monday said that BJP would not go in for any deal with Congress in the Presidential race, by agreeing to the Congress's candidate for the Rashtrapati Bhawan in exchange for a vice presidential candidate of its own choice.In fact, by declaring that BJP was ready to support any non-Congress candidate put up by any other non-Congress outfit, the main Opposition threw open the possibility of the regional parties playing a greater role in deciding President Pratibha Patil's successor at a time when the party feels that the anti-Congress mood is on an upswing. BJP is clear that its own party candidate will not get the vote of other parties who are outside Congress or BJP alliance camps. And, the party does not mind losing the Presidential polls while trying to tap the \"anti-Congress mood.\"A strong section within the party feels that Swaraj should not have mentioned finance minister Paranab Mukherjee or vice president Hamid Ansari , while saying that BJP was opposed to Congress contestants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12958391", "title": "State not to hire teachers on contract any more", "text": "GURGAON: Appointment of teachers in Haryana will no longer be made on contractual basis, a minister said on Tuesday.\"Haryana Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda today (Tuesday) ordered that the appointment of teachers would be made on regular basis and not on contractual basis in the state,\" Education Minister Geeta Bhukkal said. She said that the chief minister had given approval for the amendment in the Haryana Education Rules in this regard and this would be notified soon.She said that about 15,000 teachers would soon be appointed by the government to provide quality education to students in the state. Now they all would be appointed on regular basis, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12959104", "title": "Warming up: Leaders flex their political muscle", "text": "BANGALORE: With just a year left for assembly elections, leaders of political parties are keen on proving they still have it in them to pull off a victory at the hustings.While parties are busy organizing rallies, senior leaders - be it Siddaramaiah, BS Yeddyurappa or Sriramulu --are not lagging behind in this one-upmanship. Congress leader Siddaramaiah is back in rally mode after six years. He'll be the star of the rally organized by the backward Kuruba community in Davanagere on May 6. Prior to joining the Congress, Siddaramaiah's private rallies - Ahinda (acronym in Kannada for minority, backward classes and dalits) -- in different parts of the state had attracted quite some attention.Though the May 6 rally will have Kuruba leaders from all political parties, including state BJP chief KS Eshwarappa, Mysore MP H Vishwanath and JD(S) leader Bandeppa Kashampur, Siddaramaiah is expected to be the centre of attraction during the centenary celebration of the Kuruba Mahasabha as it considers him a tall leader of the community.Estranged BJP leader B Sriramulu is already half way through his padayatra (walkathon) covering seven districts ostensibly studying the plight of drought-affected areas. Sriramulu's 54-day tour organized under his founding political outfit BSR party (Badavara, Shramikara, Raithara) will culminate in a rally in Bangalore. This will be an occasion to prove his strength after he quit the BJP following the CBI arresting his close associate and former minister G Janardhana Reddy. In his own way, beleaguered BJP leader and former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa has been organizing rallies to regain the chief minister's gaddi after enduring 24 days in jail. The JD(S) is not lagging behind. As the party revolves around one individual, former CM HD Kumaraswamy , conventions and rallies are being organized across the state regularly to show off his might.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12959065", "title": "May Day celebrated with gusto in Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: Trichy district on Tuesday witnessed a series of events organised by various employees' unions to mark May Day.For instance, members of the Southern Railway Mazdoor Union (SRMU) as well as the Dakshin Railway Employees Union (DREU), Tiruchirappalli railway division, Centre of Indian Trade Unions (CITU) in Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL) celebrated the day with flag-hoisting, a procession and meeting.According to DREU, this year's May Day celebrations turned out to be the happiest moment for railway employees in the wake of the government's acceptance of their three-and-a-half decade long pending demand for employment to legal heirs.K Venkatesan, Tiruchirappalli division president of DREU, expressed satisfaction over the decision as they had been demanding such a provision since 1974. Eventually, the government agreed to their demand in July, 2011. In addition to that, they succeeded in their demand to remove pay anomalies in the sixth pay commission.However, he listed out some issues including the mental agony due to extension of duty hours from eight hours to twelve hours and the lack of basic amenities for employees at railway gates. The railway employees have been undergoing mental stress because of the working hours extension for the past three years due to manpower shortage. Similarly, the dearth of basic amenities worried employees a lot. Both issues should be solved as early as possible.P Pazhanivelu, district secretary of the SRMU, Trichy, said they planned to hold the celebrations for one week from Tuesday. They kick-started the celebration in Villupuram on Tuesday with flag-hoisting and they would conduct a special meeting in Trichy on Wednesday to pass some resolutions.Since July 2011, when the government accepted employment for legal heirs, as many as 188 employees opted for voluntary retirement service (VRS) in Tiruchirappalli railway division. However, no step has been taken to recruit the legal heirs of such employees so far.S Sampath, vice president of CITU at BHEL, Trichy, said they hoisted flags in many areas to mark the day. They would protest against the government for price hike on essential commodities, he added.Likewise, the Indian National Trade Union Congress (INTUC) also conducted a meeting in the morning followed by a rally in the evening to celebrate the day. The union minister of shipping, G K Vasan, participated in the INTUC meeting and addressed members from various private companies from across the state.He promised that the government would take steps to make amendments in employees' welfare Acts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12961999", "title": "Sanskrit optional subject in Kendriya Vidyalayas", "text": "Sanskrit has been made an optional subject across the Kendriya Vidyalayas from the academic session 2012-13. Students who wish to study the language will now have to take it as an optional subject like any other foreign language.UN Khaware, joint commissioner (academics), KV Sangathan, says, \"Sanskrit was never a compulsory subject. Most government schools have Sanskrit only till class VIII. It is only in the KVs that Sanskrit was taught till class X.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12957652", "title": "Man hurt in highway accident", "text": "NASHIK: A 40-year-old person suffered injuries in a road accident on the Mumbai Agra highway.The victim Valmik Bhosale said in his police report that the accident took place while he was crossing the road.According to reports, Val Bhosale a resident of Rajwada, Adgaon, said he was hit by a speeding motorcycle coming towards Nashik from Ozar.The incident occurred on on April 29 at around 11 pm. Bhosale was crossing the road in front of Hotel Sheetal on the highway when the accident took place.A complaint in this regard was lodged at the Adgaon police station on April 30 and the case is being investigated further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12956826", "title": "Rs 40L aid for milk powder producers", "text": "MUMBAI: The state will have to pay a heavy price for the Centre's decision to ban export of milk powder.With surplus stock of milk powder and crashing of rates in domestic markets, the state has decided to dole out a compensation package for producers of milk powder. With Rs 2 per litre of milk used proposed to be paid as compensation, the daily compensation would amount to Rs 40 lakh. The state will spend Rs 18 crore in 16 days. The proposal, along with another proposal for additional compensation for those affected by the 2006 bird flu pandemic, will be discussed at the state cabinet meeting on Wednesday.Proposals for increase in rates for acquisition of land for coal mines and granting more financial powers to the managing director of BEST will also be discussed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12961217", "title": "Environmentalists see red over tree felling", "text": "MANGALORE: While Mangalore Bar Association cut 38 trees to facilitate the construction of Vakilara Bhavan at Court Hill, environmentalists had lamented and demanded the association compensate the loss by planting double the number of saplings in the same vicinity.Fr Leo D'Souza, director of the Laboratory of Applied Biology at St Aloysius, said \"Cutting 38 trees is an irreparable loss for the people as well as for the biodiversity of Mangalore.\"\"The forest department has already given permission and the work has already been done. Trees are felled and strewn on the ground.The valuable lianas are dangling, cut off from their base. The association may fulfill the condition to plant two trees for every tree cut. However, it will not bring back the original tree cover which was there for ages. It is not just a simple matter of cutting 38 trees, it destroyed a unique ecological niche preserved for thousands of years. It can never be restored,\" Fr Leo said.Citizens Forum for Mangalore Development joint coordinator Vidya Dinker said that the tree officer of the forest department should have critically assessed whether so many trees need to be felled. \"Many trees could have been preserved, if the department had done the assessment properly,\" she added.When TOI contacted Mangalore Bar Association president SP Changappa, he said that the association will ensure that more saplings will be planted to compensate the loss. \"I personally took the initiative and signed an agreement that we will plant two saplings for every tree we cut. The association also has plans to plant 1,000 saplings on national highways and other places in the city as part of its campaign to be held in June,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12957395", "title": "Uniform high scores reveal mass copying in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Teachers assessing answer papers of Class XII General Stream students stumbled upon a mass copying case in which almost 250 students are suspected to have cheated. Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) officials have initiated an inquiry and cases are likely to be registered against the students.In HSC exams this year, only 35 cases of copying were recorded. The figure was 49 last year. The mass cheating was unearthed by chance when a group of teachers assessing answer papers of HSC (commerce) found that nearly 100-odd students from the Jam Kandorna center near Rajkot were scoring marks between 90-95 in four main papers.\"This is an aberration as a big number of students from the same center cannot score such high percentage. We drew the attention of the observer and rechecked the papers which suggested mass copying where teachers either dictated answers or announced answers in all classes through public address system,\" said a source in the board.Investigations found that the students had correctly and incorrectly answered the same questions which raised many eyebrows.What started with 100 students had now assumed a much larger proportion wherein 250-odd students are expected to have mass copied. There are three schools in Jam Kandorna town and all three were exam centers.This incident has cocked a snook at the so called fool-proof security system implemented by the board this year where videographers, local and flying squads and more were pressed into action to curb copying.GSHSEB chairman R R Varsani said that a complaint has been registered and an exhaustive investigation will be conducted. \"This seems to be one of the biggest mass copying scams,\" Varsani said.Board sources said teachers who were given supervision duty, observers and center supervisors are being questioned to nail the culprits.The place is the native village of MP from Porbandar, Vitthal Radadiya, whose son is a sitting MLA from Jam Kandorna. \"We run this school which was also an exam center. But no incident of copying took place at the center,\" Radadiya claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12957900", "title": "First day of secure number plates", "text": "NEW DELHI: The first day of secure numberplates in Delhi turned out to be a bit of a damp squib as mostly authorization slips were handed out to new vehicle owners. Officials at the high security registration plate (HSRP) centre at Burari said only four vehicles came to get the plates installed. About 20 authorization slips were issued on Tuesday. Incidentally, about 1,000 vehicles get registered in Delhi every day.Senior officials in the transport department said both centres-at Burari and Mall Road-are going to issue authorization slips at present. \"The company has six days to get the numberplates fixed. So the process will pick up by next week. In the meantime, the company will ensure that the numberplates are prepared and ready to be installed when the vehicles come,\" said a government official. The department is also planning to go ahead with the June 15 deadline for older vehicles.Meanwhile, at both Mall Road and Burari, there was little activity as only slips were given out. \"Four vehicles came for installation at Burari on the first day. We have placed our officials at different RTOs to issue the slips and are waiting for people to come,\" said Shisir Banerjee of Rosmerta, the agency entrusted with implementing the scheme. At Mall Road, a small number of people were seen getting registration slips. A company official informed that the Mall Road RTO was only issuing authorization slips and that the installation of numberplates would take place only at Burari. \"I had come to Mall Road to get the new numberplates, but they are now asking me to go to Burari,\" said Rajiv Shukla, who was waiting outside the transport office on Mall Road.While officials in the transport department said the centres were capable of installing 1,000 plates every day, apprehensions about delay in the process have prompted the department to consider an online alternative. Said a senior official, \"We will launch an online application soon, where the request for the registration plate can be submitted and vehicle owners or representatives like dealers can get the authorization slip immediately.\" Owners can thereafter go to the HSRP centre to get the numberplate attached, he added. \"We hope to launch the online application by the month-end,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12958449", "title": "Sealing: 60 nursing homes get notices", "text": "Noida Authority has issued 60 fresh notices to nursing homes in residential areas to stop operations or face sealing action.According to Authority officials, the notices are part of the sealing drive which is currently on going in the city following the Supreme Court's order directing commercial units to stop operating from residential plots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12958770", "title": "Abbottabad wants 'statue of peace'", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Residents of Bilal town in the Pakistani garrison city of Abbottabad where Osama Bin Laden was killed last year have asked the government to build a 'statue of peace' or a beautiful monument at the site of his compound to remind the world that there is no place for such a terrorist mastermind.Ahead of the first anniversary of the death of the al-Qaida chief on May 2, security forces have been put on high alert across Pakistan to counter any possible terrorist attacks. \"We have written to the Pakistan government to build either a statue of peace or a beautiful monument at the site where Laden lived illegally.By doing so, we should give a message to the world that the man who was the symbol of terror is no more along with his philosophy. His elimination will bring peace to the world,\" Zubair Ahmed, a resident of Bilal Town neighbourhood where bin Laden's compound was located, said. Ahmed, a banker by profession, said he had heard that a playground would be built at the site of the compound, which was demolished in February.\"These days, boys playing cricket there,\" he said. Bin Laden lived at the compound in Bilal Town with his three wives and several children for about five years before he was killed in a unilateral US military raid early on May 2 last year.The operation embarrassed the Pakistani security establishment, which was dogged by questions about whether senior officials had been aware of bin Laden's presence in a compound located a stone's throw from the elite Pakistan Military Academy .Even a year after the US operation, certain restrictions continue to affect the lives of residents of Abbottabad district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12956971", "title": "Poison in India\u2019s groundwater posing national health crisis", "text": "NEW DELHI: Depletion of groundwater and its increasing pollution could be leading to a silent, nationwide public health crisis as aquifers in many stretches across India are becoming unfit for drinking, according to the government's own figures.Data submitted in Parliament by the water resources ministry on Monday shows groundwater in pockets of 158 out of the 639 districts has gone saline. It says in pockets across 267 districts, groundwater contains excess fluoride; in 385 districts, it has nitrates beyond permissible levels; in 53 there's arsenic and there's high level of iron in 270 districts.Besides this, aquifers in 63 districts contain heavy metals like lead, chromium and cadmium, the presence of which in any concentration poses a danger.The record submitted in answer to a question by Congress MP Shruti Chowdhry presents a countrywide map of where groundwater has become unfit for drinking and where contamination levels have breached government standards of safety.In Delhi, a number of areas are not safe to draw groundwater from. Aquifers in north, west and southwest districts along the Najafgarh drain contain lead. The southwest district has cadmium and northwest, south and east Delhi have chromium, rendering the water not just bad but dangerous to drink.Adding to the danger is the fact that only about 65% of the city's population (predominantly in the better-off localities) is serviced by the water supply system of Delhi Jal Board. Besides heavy metal contamination, fluoride has been found in aquifers in New Delhi and those in east, central, north, northwest, south, southwest and west Delhi.Apart from these, areas in east, central, New Delhi, northwest, south, southwest and west contain nitrates.The stealthily growing health crisis could be worse in rural India where facilities to even detect chronic health problems arising out of water contamination do not exist. Nearly 80% of India's rural drinking water comes from underground sources.Drinking fluoride-laden water beyond safe levels can lead to fluorosis which hits teeth and bones. Arsenic causes problems in the nervous system, reduces IQ level in children and in extreme cases can also cause cancer. Chromium is a known carcinogen. Presence of nitrates in drinking water leads to what is commonly called as blue baby disease which hits infants and can lead to respiratory and digestive system problems.These chemicals have appeared in the water sources either due to too much water being drawn from deeper and deeper in the ground, or due to industrial and human waste contamination.Arsenic and fluoride are typically found in groundwater where chemicals have leeched from the bedrock due to over-exploitation of the source. Heavy metals are likely to flow in from industrial waste dumped untreated into water-systems. Nitrates are likely to appear in groundwater because of excess or repetitive use of fertilizers over time.Government reports have shown that water withdrawal from underground aquifers is higher than the annual recharge levels in almost 15% of the country's geographical area. The number of wells are increasing rapidly and so are the depths to which people are plumbing to bring water out as the sources dry up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12958097", "title": "Vandals torch 3 empty coaches in Old Delhi station", "text": "NEW DELHI: At least three coaches were set on fire on the yard lines inside Old Delhi railway station, on Tuesday afternoon. Firemen and railway officials said the fires, reminiscent of arson attacks at the capital's stations in 2003 and 2006, were deliberately lit at half hour intervals. However, nobody was injured as the coaches were on the maintenance lines and set to roll back to the yard.Northern Railway has called for a high-level investigation into the fires even as the crime and railways wings of Delhi Police have began a separate probe. The four-member railway committee will include the senior station manager, assistant commandant (RPF), the divisional electrical officer and the depot officer.Officials said coaches of the Faizabad-Delhi Express and the Satyagraha Express that had arrived at the station on Tuesday morning were torched. \"The first fire was reported from the SLR (guard) coach of the Faizabad Express as it was placed on the third and fourth lines of the station. The first call came at 10.50 am. Just as we controlled this fire (it was the worst affected coach), another was reported at 11.20 am from the Satyagraha Express on line 25. About half an hour later, even as the rest of the Satyagraha Express was detached and placed on line 23, the third fire was reported,'' said a senior Old Delhi station official.\"We believe the fires were nothing short of mischief. We are waiting for the official probe to get over before making any further comment. We reacted immediately and ensured that absolutely no one present inside the station was affected by the fires,'' said Ashwini Lohani, DRM (Delhi division).AK Sharma, Delhi Fire Service chief, however, said there were only two fires. \"The railways had disconnected the Satyagraha Express and shunted it on another track. It is possible that they did not notice the fire in the second coach,'' he said.Police, too, have begun a probe. \"We are looking at the CCTV footage and also considering whether vandals involved in the earlier attacks played a role,'' said a railway police officer.The fire department said the fires were brought under control within minutes. However, the failure of two railway police forces, RPF and GRP, to spot the culprits has raised eyebrows. The station has a large security presence given that the India-Pakistan Samjhauta Express runs from here. Recently, the railways opened a second gate from the Kashmere Gate side, but officials believe the miscreants entered from the yard area. \"We will submit the report at the earliest,'' a senior RPF official said, adding the security breach will be probed too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12958275", "title": "Woman's body with throat slit found at Ponda", "text": "PONDA: The body of a woman, aged between 35 and 40 years, was found with the throat slit on a hillock near the KTC bus stand at Ponda on Tuesday.DySP Dinraj Govekar told TOI that some locals saw the body lying in a wide pit on the hillock and alerted the police, who retrieved the body after conducting the inquest. Police suspect that the woman was killed two days ago as the body was found in the process of decomposing.A murder case, under Section 302 of the Indian Penal Code, has been registered against unknown persons.Police are also checking missing persons' complaints -at Ponda and nearby areas -in an attempt to establish the woman's identity. They suspect that she lived nearby to the site where her body was found.Govekar, who inspected the spot where the body was found and instructed the staff on the line of investigation, said the police have not recovered any weapon from the crime scene.He said the woman's throat had been slit with a sharp weapon and he suspected that the murder could have occurred in the intervening night between Sunday and Monday.\"The time and exact cause of death will be known once the autopsy is conducted,\" said Govekar. Police said the body has been preserved at the morgue at the Goa Medical College and Hospital, Bambolim, and the autopsy is expected to be conducted on Wednesday. PSI Paresh Naik of the Ponda police station is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12958611", "title": "Four bike racers held", "text": "CHENNAI: Police chased and nabbed four drag racers at Marina beach road on Sunday evening.Police said that at 6pm the youths ran the red light on Kamarajar Salai. But police chased them and caught up with them near the Labour statue.The bikers were identified as S Raja Mohammad,23, of New Washermenpet, G Madan, 24, of Tiruvottiyur, T Pushparaj, 20, of Washermenpet and J Jagan, 26, of Royapuram.\"The racers are usually out on the streets during the weekends. We have intensified patrolling on Kamarajar Salai,\" said a police officer.On December 11, 2011 a pedestrian R Duraisamy was fatally knocked down in Kanathur near Neelankarai by a biker during a race on East Coast Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12956575", "title": "State cops to get custody of Lumbini blast accused", "text": "HYDERABAD: State police have been granted permission by the Delhi court to arrest a 31-year-old terror operative Mohammed Tarique Anjum of Bihar in Lumbini blast case.Anjum, from Darbhanga in Bihar, was arrested by Delhi's special police in relation to various terror attacks across the country including Pune Best Bakery case, blast near Chinnaswamy cricket stadium in Bangalore, terror attack at Jama Masjid in Delhi and the blast at Delhi high court. State police filed a petition before the Delhi court seeking permission to arrest Anjum in Lumbini blast case for sheltering the absconding Bhatkal brothers after the blast in August 2007.Ten people died in the blast that occurred at the laser show seating facility in the Lumbini Park. State counter terrorism sleuths had already arrested four persons in the case but the main accused, Riyaz Bhatkal and his brother Iqbal are still absconding. According to police, Anjum sheltered the brothers at Darbhanga after the blast for sometime. The accused will be brought here and police will file a separate petition asking to grant permission for his custodial interrogation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12958305", "title": "Karnataka man held for rape of Margao woman", "text": "MARGAO: A native of Karnataka was arrested by the Cuncolim police for rape, after a middle-aged woman lodged a complaint in this regard on Tuesday.The woman who belongs to the ST community and is five-months pregnant, in her complaint, stated the accused had promised to marry her. Cuncolim police said that the woman was sent to Hospicio hospital, Margao, for a medical examination and that after receiving the medical report, they proceeded to arrest the 28-year-old accused, Prabhush Prakash Urla Halli.Halli was arrested under Section 376 of the Indian Penal Code. Cuncolim police sources added that Halli used to work as a mason and had met the victim at the KTC bus stand in September 2011. Police sources added that the accused and the victim would meet regularly at a construction site at Sarvakotto, Cuncolim. Further investigations are under way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12960926", "title": "Panel seeks explanation from Sultania Hospital", "text": "BHOPAL: Seeking explanation from the authorities of Sultania Hospital, the Madhya Pradesh State Women's Commission (MPSWC) has termed the incident of stealing the new born baby from the hospital as a matter of 'gross security lapse and breakdown of the system.'Taking cognizance of the incident, MPSWC chairperson Upma Rai and three members of the commission reached the hospital on Tuesday morning to take stock of the situation. They spoke to Laxmi Bai, mother of the stolen child, Chaggan Prajapati, the father, Sudha Chaurasia, hospital superintendent and M R Khan, town inspector of Talaiya police station.Rai said, \"It is a shameful incident. The commission has sought a written report from the hospital superintendent by Wednesday.\" She also said that the commission had made certain recommendations to upgrade the facilities and security measures for the same hospital when she was a member of the women's panel.\"Had those recommendations been followed, such kinds of security lapses would not have happened,\" said Rai.Proper security measures are not in place and anyone can stroll up to the post-operative ward without a proper gate pass, the team observed.Dr Sudha Chaurasia too rued the lack of adequate security system in place at the hospital. \"The patients also face problems as rallies and protests are staged at the Yaadgaar-e-Shahjahani Park just opposite the hospital. \"During such protests huge crowds gather there creating nuisance,\" Dr Sudha said. She also said that the hospital authorities had forwarded a proposal for installation of CCTV cameras inside the hospital and setting up a police beat house with two cops, but in vain.Rai said, \"IG Bhopal Vijay Yadav has assured that a case would be registered with the police. Also a CSP level officer would investigate the case.\"The hospital superintendent has also been asked to give in writing the problems and the lacking infrastructure at Sultania Hospital.A woman, who posed as a hospital staff at the Government Sultania Lady Hospital, fled with a new-born baby on Monday afternoon. The stolen baby was the first child of Laxmi Bai and Chaggan Prajapati couple, who hails from Vidisha district.Hospital staffers thrash stolen infant's fatherThe stolen newborn's father, Chaggan, was allegedly beaten up by the hospital staff late on Monday. A case in this regard has been registered by the Talaiya police. The accused has been identified as Ajay Verma and Pradeep Singhal. Police said Chaggan was allegedly roughed up by the duo after an argument over the infant was stolen from the hospital. He brought the incident to notice of the MPSWC team during its visit to the hospital on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12962653", "title": "Controversy over Tatra truck deal figures in Rajya Sabha", "text": "NEW DELHI: Against the backdrop of controversy over Tatra truck deal, government today told the Rajya Sabha the purchases were made as per the requirement raised by defence forces and action will be taken if any wrongdoing was detected in the ongoing CBI probe.\"We are clean...we have nothing to hide, nothing to fear,\" Defence minister A K Antony said, replying to queries related to Tatra truck deals.He said the government has ordered an extensive and comprehensive CBI inquiry in the matter and hoped the country's premier investigation agency would complete the probe as quickly as possible.The minister said action would be taken and he would give extensive reply on the matter during a debate on the working of defence ministry in the House .He said the purchases of the trucks were made as per the \"requirement\" of the defence forces.Regarding a question on blacklisting of domestic and foreign arms companies, he said \"we are in difficult situation\" as \"powerful\" countries, vendors and domestic players all want Indian business.Whenever there is any case of corruption action is taken, the minister said.He also said the ministry has decided to seek advice of Central Vigilance Commission and law ministry before going ahead with the ongoing projects.Admitting that retired defence officers have been lobbying for defence deals, Antony said government would \"seriously\" consider recommendation a parliamentary committee to increase the cooling off period of ex-officers to 5 years from the present one year for joining private jobs", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12957724", "title": "Man commits suicide in Gandhi Sagar lake", "text": "NAGPUR: Depressed with prolonged illness, 43-year-old Laxman Gaur committed suicide by jumping into Gandhi Sagar Lake. Gaur, a resident of Kumbharpura near Santra Market, was missing since Monday. His body was found floating on Tuesday morning by passers-by. Ganeshpeth police have registered a case of accidental death.Burglary at HudkeshwarBurglars broke the window grills and sneaked away with valuables and cash worth Rs 1.5 lakh from an engineer's residence at Padmavati Nagar in Hudkeshwar.The incident took place when Rakesh Singh and his family were asleep on the terrace. Singh told the police that he had locked the house. Singh reported the matter to Hudkeshwar police on Tuesday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12962521", "title": "India among countries with worst internet connections", "text": "NEW DELHI: Does your internet connection feel slow? Well, most probably it is. A report by Akamai, which manages an internet content delivery system used by hundreds of major websites across the world, reveals that despite 3G rollout in 2011, the overall state of internet connections in India continues to be poor with average speed of just 0.9mbps. This puts India at 114th position in the list prepared by Akamai on the basis of average internet speed in quarter 4, 2011.In India all 3G connections are sold with a promise of an internet connection with a speed of at least several mbps. But it seems the reality is different. And with the growth in wired internet connections lagging behind, the average internet speed in the country remains poor.In comparison, China is 86th on the list with the average speed of 1.5mbps. Brazil has an average speed of 1.8mbps. For Asia-Pacific, Akamai said \"India remained the only surveyed country within the region that has an average connection speed below 1mbps\".The report says that South Korea has world's best internet infrastructure with average speed of over 17mbps.For India, the Akamai report reveals the speed has gone up by 13% in the last one year. But at the same time, the country has just 8.4% internet connections with speed of over 2mbps. In comparison, over 20% internet connections in china offer actual speed of over 2mbps.The number of internet connections that have less than 256kbps speed is even more alarming. Akamai report states that nearly 27% connections in India have less than 256kbps speed. Only four other countries in the world - Libya , Nigeria, Nepal and Iran - fare worse than India on this parameter.Incidentally, many internet service providers (ISPs) in India continue to define a connection with a minimum speed of 256kbps as broadband connection. The number is abysmally low and web activists and users argue that at a time when services like YouTube are part of life on the web, the minimum speed should be improved.After consulting with various ISPs, Telecom Regulatory Authority of India had raised the minimum internet speed to 512kbps from January 1, 2011. But ISPs in India continue to sell connections with a minimum speed of 256kbps as broadband internet. Also most of the ISPs sell the broadband plans where only a limited amount of data can be downloaded at higher speed. Once the limit is reached, which in many cases is as low as 3GB per month, the speed is reduced to 256kbps.In its report Akamai also listed 100 cities with fastest internet connections in the world. None of the Indian cities are on the list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12962506", "title": "Malini Awasthi sings for 'Kuch Toh Log Kahenge'", "text": "Uttar Pradesh's renowned singer Malini Awasthi, after having sung 'Dil Muft Ka' in Saif Ali Khan's 'Agent Vinod' has now set the small screen on fire with her rendition of a haldi ceremony song in the serial 'Kuch Toh Log Kahenge'.Aired on Sony TV, the serial's lead couple Dr Ashutosh (Sharad Kelkar) and Dr Nidhi (Kritika Kamra) are all set to tie the knot. Since the show is set in Lucknow, Malini Awasthi, the face of folk music in India and also a Lucknowite was chosen to sing the haldi ceremony song in the serial.Maliniji was invited to sing for Dr. Nidhi's haldi ceremony and she not only lent her voice to two folk songs but even composed one of them. Dr Nidhi, her family and friends danced alongside Maliniji with great gusto.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12965645", "title": "Low-cost IT solutions empowering schools", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Leading technology companies in India are giving back to the society by investing in education sector for the lower segment of the society. Several new initiatives are being taken to expand young minds in order to make better opportunities available to the next generation.Hewlett-Packard (HP) introduced its 'Lab-in-Box' for Vidyanagar Primary School students at a remote village in Ahmedabad. The initiative aims at increasing the use of technology by schoolchildren. A self-sustainable and fully operational computer lab has been created in a shipping container, which is designed as a cloud enabled infrastructure solution to spread both the reach and quality of education.Ahmedabad-based IT company CEON also offers software management solutions to schools. Abhay Panjiyar, founder and chief executive officer, CEON and an incubatee from IIM Ahmedabad's innovation centre, is also planning to come up with various e-learning projects for schools. \"We are reducing the cost of our software from Rs 9 lakh to Rs 99,000 for schools in Gujarat, so that the government and other local schools can afford the enriched educational experience,\" says Panjiyar.Vodafone Foundation in collaboration with Pratham Education Foundation has come up with 'Learning with Vodafone Solution' to provide learning solutions for over 50,000 under-privileged children across India. Madhav Chavan, chief executive officer, Pratham, said, \"This is for the befit of the children of India. We hope to raise the understanding of technological interventions while also helping create a delivery mechanism for better learning for the children of India.\"Similarly, nCode Solutions, the IT division of Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers Company ( GNFC ), is manufacturing and marketing Intel's Classmate PC which will be offered at subsidized rates to Gujarat schools in the future.\"The laptops will be available at a price starting Rs 10,000. We aim to start manufacturing the laptops in a couple of months,\" Jagdeep Kochar, executive director, nCode Solutions said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12960902", "title": "JP hosp to be equipped with new facilities", "text": "BHOPAL: The JP hospital pathology lab is likely to have an auto-analyzer -- treadmill test (TMT) -- to measure the heart's ability to respond to external stress in a controlled clinical environment, medical ventilator, about two-dozen ECG machines and an eco-doppler in the coming days.In order to upgrade the services, the doctors at the hospital had submitted their wish list of equipments to the civil surgeon Dr Veena Sinha here on Tuesday.The equipment once approved would be purchased under the Jan Bhagidari Yojna under which the state government contributes funds equal to the one raised by the institution.According to the hospital estimates the Rogi Kalyan Samiti (RKS) or patient welfare committee funds to the tune of Rs 1 crore and expects a contribution of another crore from the state government. The proposal would be put forth in the upcoming meeting of the RKS later this month. The hospital caters to some 7 lakh patients every year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12958436", "title": "Land to DLF: Mayor &amp; co. on backfoot", "text": "GURGAON: After the opposition members made a hue and cry over the way in which a patch of land in a prime location in Sector 57 was given away to realty giant DLF, the mayor and his team seem to have gone into damage control mode.In a hurriedly called press conference on Tuesday, mayor Vimal Yadav tried his best to distance himself from the controversy claiming that he had only presented the item that was already on the agenda and the final decision would be taken by the state government.\"We have not done anything wrong; the allegations being made by the opposition members are completely baseless. None of us are trying to do any favour to anybody. The sale of this particular land was already on the agenda to be discussed in the House and the resolution was passed only after the consent of the members. The chief town planner has prepared the report and it is true that this piece of land is not useful for the corporation,\" said Vimal Yadav.\"The site is surrounded by DLF on all three sides and therefore we have decided to give it to them on lease for a period of nine years. The rate at which it is to be given to them will be decided by the state authorities.The opposition members from the BJP and INLD are trying to turn this into a debate and they should not be doing this when they themselves are embroiled in controversies,\" he added.As reported in TOI on April 26, in the House meeting it was decided that a piece of land measuring 3,029. 38 sq yards (khasra number 2410) in Sector 57 on Golf Course Road would be given to DLF despite stiff resistance from opposition members who alleged that the ruling party has colluded with the private builder.The opposition members though were quick to hit back at the mayor. \"By holding such press meets, the mayor is only trying to mislead the people. It is a futile attempt to clarify things. What residents need is adequate development work and they are not interested in deals being made with private builders,\" said councillor Mahesh Dayma.Dayma, in whose ward the controversial piece of land is located, said: \"It has been a year since we assumed office and in every meeting the only items that are discussed and passed are related to these builders. The residents are not going to forgive us for this and none of us are going to be re-elected if the situation continues like this.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12960606", "title": "Now, dress to cover your jewellery", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore city cops are leaving no stone unturned to prevent incidents of chain snatching, which is on the rise.In less than four months this year, over 50 cases of chain snatching have been reported in Mysore. Since 2008, the cases are increasing by the year, giving city police sleepless nights.Concerned over the spate of chain snatchings, police, after a thorough study, stitched a few dresses for women that cover their jewellery.This is aimed at preventing chain snatchers from robbing women of their gold chains in public places. But how the city women will respond to the novel initiative of city police is be seen.Police have been informing women to cover their jewellery when they are in public places, but to no avail. \"Hence, in a bid to offer a solution to it, they have come up with a few dress designs which cover their jewellery,\" said Prabhakar Rao Sindhe, an inspector. He added that women who are interested to buy the dress can approach any police station.The officer said they are trying their best to prevent the crime. Public have also been suggest ideas to police to put an end to this menace.Shazia Banu, a constable attached to Lashkar police station, was instrumental in designing the clothes.RADIO SIGNAL RECEIVING STATIONPolice commissioner K L Sudheer said the city will soon get another radio signal receiving station. This is expected to solve problems being faced by a section of police using walkie-talkies. Presently, the city has two stations. There are plans to replace defunct walkie-talkies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12957788", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation does not know where 64o million litre water is going", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) does not have any idea where it is supplying 640 million litres water per day across the city. Shockingly, NMC engineers say it would be at least five years before they are able to account for all the water supplied, until which time it will continue to face huge loss of revenue and a precious natural resource.The daily water supply data available with the water works department shows that the five water treatment plants process 640 million litres per day (MLD). This data is reliable since meters are installed at all the plants, to record exact quantity of water being released from the plants after treatment.The water from four plants is first supplied to three big reservoirs at Seminary Hills, Rajbhavan and Gittikhadan, from where it is supplied to overhead water tanks located in all parts of the city. From these tanks, the water is supplied to households. Water from Kanhan water treatment plant is supplied directly to the tanks. There are 43 tanks from where water is supplied to the entire city.Asked about total billing of water in financial year 2011-12, that ended on March 31, executive engineer of water works department Shashikant Hastak said, \"There is no record available on how much water was billed or is being billed. We are yet to find out the exact quantity of water reaching consumers from the total water supplied from the plants. It will take a few years to account for the total water supply.\"Under the central government's Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) scheme, NMC had been sanctioned 10 projects to strengthen the water sector at a cost of around Rs 1,300 crore. According to the monthly progress report by JNNURM, NMC has completed four projects, including leak detection, energy audit and expansion, and up-gradation of water supply distribution network.Under these projects, meters were to be installed at reservoirs, tanks and main lines along with other water works. On completion of these projects, NMC should have exact data of water reaching up to the tanks, thus giving it exact quantity of water reaching its consumers. But the lack of data with NMC raises questions on the success of JNNURM projects in the city.Sources in the water department told TOI that revenue from water in 2011-12 was Rs 79 crore. \"Total expenses are estimated to be Rs 150 crore. This makes it clear that NMC has continued to incur huge financial loss due to lack of accounting of water supply. The loss is rising with every passing year. Actually, 640 MLD is enough for the city's entire 24.20 lakh population. However, 20-30% citizens are still not getting water supply,\" say sources.The sources further said NMC has been taking water supply casually. \"Just 25-30% of total billing is done according to the reading registered at water meters. Meters are not installed at many households. Besides, many meters are non-functional, and readings are not taken regularly from many households. It's no wonder billing is not happening properly,\" said the sources.A senior NMC official said the exact data will be known only after completion of the ongoing projects. \"All existing meters have to be replaced, then new meters have to be installed at every household, and public taps have to be closed. Leakages will also have to be reduced to a great extent by replacing old network. All this will take at least five more years,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12960268", "title": "Heat wave sweeps Saurashtra, Kutch", "text": "RAJKOT: Severe heat wave has swept Saurashtra and Kutch region with mercury rising considerably in many cities.India Meteorological Department (IMD) officials said the temperature in Rajkot, Amreli and many other places touched 42 degrees Celsius. Bhuj, Kandla port, Surendranagar and Idar also simmered at 41 degrees Celsius.\"On Monday, day temperatures rose markedly in parts of Kutch and north Gujarat region,\" weather officials said.The weather department has warned that temperature will continue to rise in the coming days. \"Weather will be sunny in all districts of Gujarat state and in Diu, Daman, Dadra Nagar Haveli. Heat wave conditions would continue to prevail in parts of Kutch region during the next 24 hours. The maximum temperature will be around 42 degrees Celsius,'' an IMD official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12957833", "title": "Man arrested for possessing 7 rare species of tortoise", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A fortnight after some specimens of animals were seized from a convent school in Sector 26, a team of People for Animals (PFA) and Chandigarh police on Tuesday recovered seven rare species of tortoises from the possession of 32-year-old Sumit Kumar of Sector 22. Sumit has been arrested. The tortoises were recovered from Sumit's house and a case under the Wildlife Protection Act has been registered against him at the police station in Sector 17.The PFA team was headed by their northern zone in-charge Saurabh Gupta and city co-ordinator Chetan Sharma. Police sources said Sumit was arrested after a trap was laid by members of PFA and local cops after receiving a tip-off about his involvement in illegal trade of wild animals. Police said custodial interrogation of Sumit could reveal vital information about smuggling of protected animals from the city. The accused would be produced in the district courts in Sector 17 on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12958138", "title": "Nupur's hopes of early release dashed", "text": "NEW DELHI: The day after she spent a night in Dasna Jail, Nupur Talwar failed to get any relief on Tuesday though her lawyers pressed hard for bail in the court of additional district judge Shyam Lal.Her counsel - G P Thareja and Praveen Rai - tried to convince the court on the evidence given by the first CBI team which, they said, stated that fingerprints, palmprints, scientific tests and post-mortem reports had gone in her favour. CBI counsel R K Saini then showed the judge photographs of the crime scene, suggesting that bloodstains had been washed and that the couple had a change of clothes, as claimed by witness Dr Rohit Kocchar.Saini said \"everything was tampered with by them (couple)\" and that Nupur had been evading the courts for long and could tamper with the evidence if she was released on bail. The judge reserved the order for Wednesday.Earlier, Nupur's lawyers tried to find fault with the order of SJM Preeti Singh, which had made them accused for murder and destruction of evidence. They said the court had not followed proper procedure though the CBI had filed a closure report against her husband and three servants. \"The court has accepted the closure report qua servants and rejected the closure report qua husband of the applicant and issued summons for appearance to the applicant (Nupur). And in spite of the fact that the applicant was not shown as accused by the CBI in said closure report, the court has added the applicant as one of the accused,\" they said. Nupur's bail plea had about 40 points against the CBI case.The arguments between CBI and Nupur's lawyers began around 10.15 am when Thareja gave details of the autopsies conducted on the bodies of Aarushi and Hemraj. He told the court, \"Dr Sunil Dohre had conducted a post-mortem on Aarushi's body and he did not find any abnormality. Hemraj's post-mortem was conducted by Dr Naresh Raj, who opined that there was some resistance. These two doctors and six other doctors of AIIMS sat together and came to the conclusion that this act (murders) had been done with a khukri\". He cited the role of domestic help Krishna as pointed out by the first CBI team.Referring to forensic reports, Thareja said Rajkumar's bloodstained T-shirt was recovered by CBI and that Hemraj's blood was not found in the house of the Talwars or in Aarushi's bed. He told the court that fingerprints, palmprints (taken from terrace) and scientific tests had not matched with that of Talwars. He also mentioned the Ballantine scotch bottle on which blood of both the deceased but not that of Talwars was found.Thareja and Rai sought bail on the ground that Nupur was not labelled as an accused even by CBI in its closure report and that she should have parity with her husband who is out on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12958011", "title": "Staff crunch hits work in North", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after its formation, the North Delhi Municipal Corporation is struggling to start work. While the newly appointed mayor Meera Aggarwal and leader of the House Mahinder Nagpal attended office, they had little to do as there is no staff available.Though the East Delhi Municipal Corporation was formed on Tuesday, the two corporations are still waiting for orders from director local bodies (DLB) regarding division of staff. MCD officials say that all major projects have been put on hold.Attacking the Congress-led Delhi government for poor management of the trifurcation process, Aggarwal said, \"We knew this will happen. Members have been elected but they can't get any work done as there is no clarity on the division of staff. Since morning I'm getting calls from people and councillors, but I don't know whom to call.\"Though the Delhi government had assured that the transition from MCD to three corporations will be smooth, MCD officials say that with no infrastructure it is going to be tough for the three corporations to start operations.\"The government had three months to plan the split so that people don't face any problems. Most of the circulars regarding trifurcations were issued in the last week of April. How do they expect the corporation to start operations with no proper infrastructure? They should have divided the staff before the corporations were formed,'' said Nagpal.With the formation of South Delhi Municipal Corporation on Wednesday, MCD officials say, the biggest problem people will face is while filing RTIs. There is no notification regarding appointment of new Public Information Officer. \"Once the three new corporations are formed, MCD will seize to exist. MCD PIO's can't accept RTI's on behalf of the three new corporations,'' said a senior MCD official.Another important service which will be badly hit is IT. In the last one year, the MCD had made close to 60 services online. Sources say that the IT consultant which is helping MCD in its e-governance project - Tech-Mahindra - has asked for five months period to complete the entire process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12956986", "title": "Charges framed against suspended additional director general of police AK Jain", "text": "JAIPUR: The district court here on Tuesday farmed charges against suspended additional director general of police AK Jain for his alleged involvement in the fake encounter of Dara Singh. Now the trial against him will begin. The court has fixed May 2 as the next date of hearing.Charges were framed against Jain under Section 120B (criminal conspiracy) of IPC to be read with Sections 302 (murder), 346 (wrongful confinement in secret), 364 (kidnapping or abducting in order to murder), 218 (public servant filing incorrect record) and 193 (false evidence).CBI's special public prosecutor Sarfarz Haider Khan told TOI that the charges were framed on the basis of arguments from CBI that Jain was involved in hastening the cash reward of Rs 25000 on Dara. Jain had also intercepted calls between Dara Singh and one Vijendra Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12964278", "title": "CBI registered 600 corruption cases in 2011: Govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government today said CBI has registered 600 corruption cases in 2011.CBI has registered 795 corruption cases in 2009, 650 cases in 2009 and 600 cases in 2011, minister of state for personnel, public grievances and pensions V Narayanasamy told the Lok Sabha.\"During the last three years, CBI has sought sanction for prosecution of government servants or public servants for offences under various Acts, including Prevention of Corruption Act from various central ministries or departments and state government in 1,459 cases, involving 2,583 government officials,\" he said.The minister said CBI was awaiting sanction for prosecution in 39 cases for over three months in various ministries, departments and state governments.\"Even though a time limit of three months has been prescribed for deciding cases of sanction for prosecution, it is sometimes not possible for the central ministries or departments concerned to adhere to this time limit.\"The delay is often caused due to detailed analysis of the available evidence, consultation with CVC, state governments and other agencies, and sometimes non-availability of relevant documentary evidence,\" Narayanasamy said.In reply to another question, the minister said during 2010 and 2011, the Central Vigilance Commission has tendered its first stage advice in 3,424 and 3,144 cases and second stage advice in 1,180 and 1,027 cases respectively.\"As per information provided by CVC, it has not received information about implementation of its first and second stage advices over six months as on December 31, 2011 in 1,525 and 682 cases respectively,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12956989", "title": "Supreme Court grants bail to accused in kidnap-cum-rape case", "text": "JAIPUR: The Supreme Court on Tuesday granted interim bail to a 21-year-old paraplegic girl, almost two months after she was arrested by Jaipur police on charges of being involved in the conspiracy of her friend's kidnap and rape, said some social activists. Both the legs of the girl became dysfunctional besides sustaining several other permanent injuries after she attempted suicide by jumping in front of a moving train in January last year.A court in Jaipur had rejected the bail application submitted by some NGOs, in view of the condition of the girl.The girl had made the suicide bid after some cops allegedly stripped and molested her at Pratap Nagar police station here. The policemen had summoned her for questioning in connection with the disappearance of her friend Vandana (name changed). Three policemen were arrested on the basis of a complaint lodged by the girl's family members.When Vandana was traced from Mathura in May last year, she lodged an FIR against seven people including the girl. Vandana accused her friend of forcing her to have sex with some youths and later kidnapping her. The injured girl's father Shivdan Singh had moved the bail application in the special court for atrocities against women cases on the ground that his daughter is bed-ridden as both her legs are dysfunctional.He also said she was unable to move around without help of others.\"The medical report submitted to the court stated that she has a permanent disability of more than 80%,\" said the girl's father Shivdhan Singh, who is a constable with the Rajasthan Armed Constabulary (RAC).Senior counsel Colin Gonsalves, who represented the girl, said that in view of the medical condition of the petitioner and the fact that she has been in custody for past 63 days, the court could consider granting interim bail to her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12958619", "title": "No bail to teacher who ran away with her teen student", "text": "CHENNAI: A petition for bail filed by school teacher Kumud, accused of running away with a class XI student, has been turned down by principal sessions judge P Kalaiyarasan.A case was registered against the 37-year-old woman. While the 17-year-old student's father Saravana Kumar had lodged a complaint when he went missing on February 4, 2012, this was later altered to a case of kidnapping. After a habeas corpus petition was filed in the Madras high court, the police traced the teacher and the student to Gurgaon, New Delhi. They were brought back to the city on March 15. While she was sent to prison, the boy was reunited with his parents.The judge said the teacher, \"forgetting her noble profession, had exploited her lust.\" The act made for a prime facie case which fell well within the ambit of offence under Section 365 IPC as she, \"by deceitful means, induced the adolescent boy, and took him from Chennai to Delhi, and kept him secretly.\"In her petition, Kumud said she had remained in custody for the last 36 days and that she was innocent of the charges levelled against her as the boy had come with her voluntarily. Pointing out that she had to look after her child and since she had a permanent home in the city, Kumud sought for bail, on the ground that she would abide by any condition that the court would impose.City public prosecutor M L Jegan opposed the petition contending that the student was a gold medalist and that his future would be affected if she was let out on bail, as there was a chance they might run away together again. He added that the investigation was not complete either. Passing orders, the judge observed that though the boy's parents had stopped him from going to school for about a month, after coming to know of his closeness with the teacher, he did not return home after he was sent for his practical exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12964212", "title": "BJP bags South Delhi mayor post", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a keenly contested poll, BJP's three-time councillor Savita Gupta was today elected as the first mayor of South Delhi Municipal Corporation after enlisting the support of a number of independents and possibly that of five BSP councillors.Gupta, the councillor from Amar Colony who polled 66 votes, trumped NCP's Phoolkali by a margin of 20 votes while BSP's Bir Singh, councillor from Madanpur Khadar, was elected unopposed to the post of deputy mayor.The election was keenly watched as none of the parties had majority of their own in the 104-member house. BJP has 44 members while Congress has 29, NCP 6, BSP 5, INLD 3, SP 1, RLD 1, JD(U) 1 and independents 14.BJP worked till the last to ensure that its ally INLD's candidates withdrew from the race for the two top posts besides enlisting the \"support\" of BSP by allowing its candidate to win the deputy mayorship unanimously.INLD's mayor candidate Seema Pandit and deputy mayor candidate Krishan Pehelwan withdrew from the race after BJP state leadership managed to woo them to their fold.Sources said BJP also managed to enlist BSP's support after making Pehelwan withdraw from the race to enable Singh's election. BJP is learnt to have got the support of five BSP members, three INLD councillors, one JD(U), 11 independents and two BJP MLAs who have votes in the municipal body.When contacted, the newly-elected Deputy Mayor refused to talk about whom the BSP supported.Out of 114 people who have vote in the house, two Congress MPs -- Sandeep Dikshit and Ramesh Kumar -- did not vote. Union sports minister Ajay Maken was among the MPs and MLAs who cast their votes.Six councillors -- four from BJP and two Congress -- were also elected unanimously to the Standing Committee. A Congress member, two INLD councillors and a BSP councillor who had filed nominations withdrew from the race.Rajesh Gehlot is the BJP nominee for chairman of standing committee while Subhash Arya will be the Leader of the House.Congress has nominated veteran councillor Farhad Suri as the Leader of Opposition.The voting also had its share of drama when Congress' Rajya Sabha MP Pervez Hashmi was not allowed to vote initially after BJP raised objections and wanted proof that his name is on the electoral rolls.Earlier during the elections on April 15, he could not vote as his name was not in the rolls. He was later allowed to vote.The polling was held after the newly-elected councillors took oath.A Congress councillor Ravi Kalsi created a flutter by adding one line to his oath \"I won't do what Bangaru Laxman did\". He was asked to take oath again to conform to the norms.Laxman was recently sentenced to four years imprisonment for allegedly accepting Rs one lakh bribe for a fictitious arms deal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12957873", "title": "String of wet days kept temperature down", "text": "NEW DELHI: For the first time in 18 years, the capital witnessed a more-or-less pleasant April, with the temperature never touching 40 degrees Celsius. The average maximum temperature for the month was 35.7 degrees Celsius, against a normal average of 36 degrees. The average minimum was 21.7 degrees while the average day temperature was 28.7 degrees. Since 2007, there have been at least three years that have experienced lower average daily temperatures. These include 2007, 2011 and 2001 in which the average monthly temperature was 26.6 degrees, 28.1 degrees and 28.4 degrees, respectively.B P Yadav, director IMD, said April this year was also characterized by eight days of rain, all occuring in the last 20 days. \"The first 10 days were completely dry and characterized by high temperatures. The city recorded 18.3 mm rain against a normal of 11.5 mm. This is quite unusual but in the 125 years of India's meteorological history, we have had at least 12 such years in which April saw below 40 degrees temperatures and higher than average rainy days,\" he said.Senior Met scientists attributed the unusual weather to about six western disturbances that affected northwest India in the second half of the month. \"Normally WDs would have moved northwards by now and would not have affected northwest India this actively. However, so far the WDs have continued on their more southerly track and brought rain to the plains. Delhi has witnessed some amount of rain every alternate day since April 10 which has kept temperatures low this season,\" said a senior scientist.Dr R K Jenamani, director in-charge IGI Met, added that the WDs also moved much faster this time, assisted as they were by strong westerly winds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "12958313", "title": "Rain does not play spoilsport for Ooty tourists", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: Tourists thronged Ooty town on Tuesday despite heavy showers that drenched the hills. All tourist spots in Ooty were flooded with visitors. Hotels were fully booked.According to Government Botanical Garden (GBG) officials, about 20,000 people, the highest this season to date, visited the garden on Tuesday. \"May day is always crowded in Ooty irrespective of the day in which it falls,\" said an official. While 17,812 footfalls were registered on Sunday, about 16,328 tourists visited the GBG on Monday.L Kumaresan, a business man from Tirupur said, \"It is a long weekend for many working people, a good opportunity to escape from the scorching heat in the plains\".\"All hotels and lodges have been fully booked for the past three days and the crowd has been good,\" said N Chandrasekar, Secretary, Nilgiris Hoteliers Association. He said they were also receiving several enquiries for the forthcoming weekend and they expect the heavy tourist inflow to continue for a few more days.\"The heavy showers during the day have upset our schedule,\" said K Malathi, a tourist from Coimbatore.Despite the rains, tourists thronged the Ooty Lake and enjoyed boating. However, people had to wait at least for two hours for their turn. The registered visitors to the Lake were about 14500 on Tuesday. About 26000 tourists enjoyed the Ooty Lake on Sunday and Monday.The lake houses about 174 boats including 126 pedaling boats and 32 motor boats. \"About 700 life jackets will be received soon,\" said M Singaravelu, Manager, Ooty Lake. At present, the lake has been provided with 120 life jackets.Over 5000 vehicles hit the Ooty road on Tuesday alone, according to police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12956742", "title": "Single screen cinemas retain their charm", "text": "HYDERABAD: Movie watching experience in the Old City has retained the charm of an era in which cinemas were called talkies. In the age of multiplexes, premium recliner seats and online bookings, 'balconies,' 'boxes' and separate queues for men and the fairer sex at ticket counters still exist in single screen theatres strewn across Asal Hyderabad.A cursory glance at the peeling lime walls and dated projectors may show the facade of an era long gone but a discerning eye will see that the management of a few of these theatres is busy keeping itself in tune with the latest in cinematic technology. There are 15 theatres which dedicatedly cater to the taste of the Old City folk. While many such as Sudha 35mm and Meneka Talkies have long closed down, Krishna Talkies near Gulzar Houz continues to screen movies, four shows a day, despite all odds.According to Mohan Kumar Khatod, Krishna Talkies was constructed in 1929 with a seating capacity of 450 for vaudeville acts. \"The hall was much like Ravindra Bharathi. Films became popular in the 1940's. That's when we decided to show 'pictures', as they were then called. Things were different back then. Families would watch films from the 'box'. There were separate entrances for men and women. The system during the Nizam's rule was such. A lot of families here still prefer it that way,\" says Khatod.Khatod rues that any renovation or development efforts are met with stiff opposition by the authorities as Krishna Talkies sits on a large land parcel of 2,500 square yards off Machli Kaman. \"The entire area is a heritage precinct. Neither can we sell the property, nor can we give it to a builder for development,\" says Khatod.But some like Akhtar Sharfan from Yakut Mahal in Yakutpura says that he is waiting for land prices in the area to escalate so that he can cash in on the 4,000 square yards of Yakut Mahal. \"The price of land here was Rs 4,000 per square yard. Now it is Rs 8,500. We are waiting for further appreciation so that we can give it to a builder for development,\" he says.For Metro Theatre in Bahadurpura which screens Telugu movies, business is good. The audience is ecstatic as soon as NTR Jr enters the frame. They whistle, they hoot, they laugh at the star's cheeky dialogues.\"Single screen theatres have done well in Bahadurpura,\" points out Kutumbar Rao, manager, Metro Theatre. \"This is because we now use the HD resolution projectors such as the PXD. Contrary to popular belief, Telugu movies too do well in the Old City. Currently we are playing Dammu starring NTR Jr.\"However, Rao says that piracy is a perennial cause of concern. With DVDs available in the black market barely three days after a movie release, many prefer to watch movies in the comfort of their homes. \"Local television channels too broadcast new movies within a day or two of a release. Also, sitcoms have taken away a large number of women moviegoers,\" he notes.A Krishna from Shama Theatre in Falaknuma too believes that being in sync with technology decides the success of a theatre. After all, there is stiff competition from the multiplexes in other parts of the city. \"A lot of families from this area go to watch movies in multiplexes. We want to retain our customers. Therefore, we want to offer them facilities like the ones in multiplexes. Currently we are playing Tezz. Ticket sales so far have been quite promising,\" he says. Like Metro Theatre, Shama Theatre too boasts of state-of-the-art equipment like UFO , an equivalent of PXD.But multiplexes in the Old City remain a distant dream, says Rao. \"Multiplexes need patronage of students from corporate schools and colleges and IT professionals. That's how multiplexes in the other parts of town run. There are no offices of business conglomerates here,\" he rues.The price of land here was Rs 4,000 per square yard. Now it is Rs 8,500. We are waiting for further appreciation so that we can give it to a builder for development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12958265", "title": "Nomination scrutiny under way in Salcete", "text": "MARGAO: Long queues were seen at the South Goa district collectorate on Tuesday as the scrutiny process of all the candidates who filed their nominations for the panchayat elections was under way in Salcete.Salcete has 33 panchayats. On Tuesday, nominations for 29 panchayats were scrutinized, while the scrutiny of four panchayats has been kept for Wednesday.The nominations of Calancia Colaco from Ambelim and Lawrence Simoes from Velim were rejected for submitting false information. Four candidates are the only ones to have filed nominations from their wards and are set to be elected unopposed- Fatima Dias from Sao Jose de Areal's ward No. 4, Lawrence Gama from Verna's ward No. 7, Rosario Pedro Crasto and Merlin Eusebio Noronha-both from Assolna's ward Nos. 6 and 7 respectively. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12956783", "title": "Akbaruddin Owaisi attack case: Pahelwan surrenders before court", "text": "HYDERABAD: Prime accused in the Akbaruddin Owaisi attack case Mohammed Bin Omer Yafai alias Mohammed Pahelwan, his elder brother Younus Bin Omer Yafai and business associate Bahadur Ali Khan alias Munawwar Iqbal were sent to two-week judicial custody following their surrender before the Nampally criminal court on Tuesday.The trio surrendered before the third additional metropolitan session's judge as hundreds of their supporters thronged the court premises. The accused were immediately shifted to Cherlapally prison.The high court on April 25 cancelled the bail of the three accused who are allegedly involved in the MIM MLA Akbaruddin Owaisi attack case. Justice KC Bhanu, while cancelling the bail of Mohammed Pahelwan (accused no. 1) Younus Yafai (accused no. 6) and Munawwar Iqbal (accused no. 11), had directed them to surrender before the concerned court. Pahelwan and the two other accused received the court orders on Monday evening and surrendered on Tuesday.According to sources, the accused will move Supreme Court again seeking relief from the high court order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12966687", "title": "SC okays EC probe against former Maharashtra chief minister Ashok Chavan", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court today asked the Election Commission to proceed with its probe into the authenticity of former Maharashtra chief minister Ashok Chavan's spendings during the 2009 state assembly polls allegedly involving expenses on \" paid news\".A bench of justices Altamas Kabir and J Chelameshwar, however, asked the Commission's counsel Meenakshi Arora to ensure that findings of the probe if completed are \"kept in a sealed cover\".The bench passed the order on an application moved by former state minister Madhav Kinhalkar seeking direction to the commission to complete the probe before June 10 as the present chief election commissioner SY Quraishi is due to demit office by that date.Acceding to the plea, the apex court said the Commission can go ahead with the probe and the findings but these shall not be made public.The bench further posted for hearing on Thursday the Special Leave Petition filed by Chavan challenging the commission's jurisdiction to entertain the complaint of \"paid news\" against him.On November 3, 2011 a three-judge bench of justices Altamas Kabir, SS Nijjar and J Chelameswar temporarily halted the commission from probing Chavan's poll account on his appeal against a Delhi high court order, which had allowed the probe.While staying the EC probe, the apex court bench had also issued notices to the poll panel, the Maharashtra unit of the BJP and other complainants including Kinhalkar, BJP leaders Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi and Kirit Somaiyya on whose plea the probe had been launched.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12958865", "title": "News broadcasters protest Trai's carriage fee proposal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Expressing its \"shock and dismay\" at the Trai's recommendation for a mandatory \"carriage fee\" - or, the money that broadcasters have to pay cable companies for them to carry their channel - the News Broadcasters Association (NBA) has urged the Trai and the government to reconsider the proposal and, indeed, scrap it altogether.In a statement issued on Tuesday NBA said, \"The (Trai) notification has legitimised the very practice the NBA had hoped would be ended, that is, the payment of steep carriage fees by broadcasters.\" Trai in its tariff order on Monday said that the multi-system operators (MSOs) will been titled to fix carriage fee keeping in view the \"substantial investment\" required for implementation of digital addressable systems.The NBA said, \"The primary purpose of digitisation was to increase the number of channels broadcasted. The objective was to give consumers greater choice and to eliminate the phenomenon of 'carriage fees', which were being charge due to capacity constraints.''The wide belief among broadcasters is that the carriage fee charged by cable companies were virtually a tool for extortion - that unless broadcasters shelled out crores, their channel would not feature in the bouquet of channels. NBA it was \"distressed\" and \"disappointed\" that Trai's new order has actually legalized this extortionist fee and given distributors the freedom to unilaterally set the amount of fees broadcasters must pay.\"This (carriage fee) unfairly penalises broadcasters and threatens the very survival of the broadcasting industry,\" the statement said. According to industry estimates, the carriage fees market is estimated at around Rs 1,600crore. With nearly 800 channels and increasing competition in nearly all genres, especially Hindi general entertainment and movies, most channels are forced to pay upwards of Rs 25-30 crore for S-band and UHF frequencies.UHF and S-bands simply mean numbers 60-85 channel in your television set of 100 channel capacity. The 'prime' bands (channel 1-40) are already dominated mostly by a mix of Hindi entertainment channels, movies and select news channels who pay the highest carriage fee.According to industry estimates, national news broadcasters (Hindi and English) together shell out around Rs 200 crore in carriage fees as in the television news space.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12957907", "title": "Leopard dies in road mishap in Mul forest", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: A female leopard was found dead in Mul forest range on Monday evening. Forester officers suspect it was a road accident that led to its death.Sources in the forest department informed that a forest guard discovered the carcass of the leopardess in compartment no. 714, near Agadi village on Chandrapur-Mul road. He immediately informed higher officials and Mul range forest officer VW VW Morey rushed to the spot. The animal had injuries on the chest and neck, and carcass was lying under a tree. Sources claimed that forest officers suspect the leopard was hit by a speeding vehicle while it was crossing the road. The carcass was lying some 200 metre away from the road inside the jungle.Officers speculated that the injured leopard might have lumbered some distance into the jungle. It sat under the tree bleeding and succumbed to the injuries there itself. The injuries appeared fresh and bleeding, hence it is likely that the accident took place some time during the day.On Tuesday a veterinary doctor confirmed the female leopard died due to extensive internal haemorrhage. The post mortem on the carcass of leopardess was conducted by livestock development officer Dr VD Ramteke in the morning at Rambagh nursery.After a poaching incident came to fore, the forest department launched an extensive search which led to recovery of the carcass. The forest guard discovered it in the compartment no. 714 near Agadi village on Chandrapur-Mul road at around 7pm. The carcass appeared fresh as blood was oozing out of it.ACF RT Dhabekar said, \"Body parts of the leopardess are intact, hence poaching is ruled out. Massive bleeding is likely to have been caused due to severe impact of some vehicle while the beast was crossing road. It is also possible that leopardess might have fallen from tree, while chasing a monkey. Such severe internal injury could only be caused in some kind of accident.\"The carcass was brought to Chandrapur forest division office and kept in deep freezer overnight. He discovered the haemorrhage in chest cavity.Morey said that the veterinary doctor has confirmed the death due to severe impact on left side of the body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12964429", "title": "Aamir cries on his TV show", "text": "The world looks spot free when you are watching it from tinted glasses of your secured zones. Though our actors do get to play various characters but they hardly get the opportunity to realise the day-to-day issues a commoner faces let alone the atrocities meted out to them.So, when Aamir Khan chose to address various social issues on his debut TV show, Satyamev Jayte, little did he know that he would end up shedding copious tears every now and then. Sources associated with the show tell us that Khan cried while shooting the very first episode of the show.Incidentally, the show was about female feoticide and how the male dominant society is against the birth of females, a problem that's prominent in the cow belt region of India. Informs our source, \"The first episode is about the treatment meted out to the girl child. There will be a case study of a woman, whose husband had her abort her child several times fearing it to be a girl child. This got Aamir's eyes welled up. However, this will not be the only time the superstar will be seen crying on the show.\"Reality bites, isn't it? The show will hit the tube starting May 6 at 11 am on Star Plus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12958122", "title": "Manohar Parrikar assures to settle Goa government employees association demands", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Tuesday assured government employees that he will settle the demand of upgradation of pay scales of all the 'left out categories' by next month. He made the statement while addressing a function of Goa government employees association (GGEA) on International Labour Day.GGEA had organised a blood donation camp at Patto-Panaji. GGEA said some categories of government employees had not received benefits of upgradation of pay scales.'Parrikar also requested the employees not to panic over his action of maintaining discipline in government offices,' a press note issued by GGEA stated.GGEA president M L Shetkar said that harassment was meted out to the 48-year old organization of government employees by the past government and thanked Parrikar for supporting them.Archbishop's House summer schedule: Offices at the Archbishop's House, Altinho, Panaji , will remain closed to the public from 1pm to 5pm on every working day from May 2 to May 31.Tiracol church gets parish residence: Archbishop of Goa and Daman Filipe Neri Ferrao inaugurated a parish residence at Tiracol on Sunday. The archbishop solemnly blessed and inaugurated the new parish house in the presence of parish priest Fr Rocklin D'Costa and a large number of parishioners. The archbishop congratulated the parish priest under whose initiative; the parish residence 'Padri Ghor' was built. Although Tiracol is a part of Goa but is on the other side of the river, there is a difficulty in connectivity. The parishioners and the priest have to travel by ferry boats to reach the place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12957904", "title": "Jageer brings Panjab University alive", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It was an evening dedicated to folk songs of Punjab by Jageer Singh at the music department of Panjab University on Tuesday.Jageer Singh is one of the popular artists performing in all category of Punjab music such as folk song, ghazal, shabad, group shabad, folk orchestra, sufi music, classical and group songs. He is a 'B' grade artist in folk music (vocal) from All India Radio Station, Jalandhar.He has performed many live shows, besides programmes on TV and radio. He was awarded with scholarship from ministry of culture. He has won the gold medal in folk songs at GNDU Amritsar Youth Festivals. He represented Punjab in All India Radio Station Competition at Delhi where all states of India presented their performances. Singh has done his Masters in Music from Panjab University, Chandigarh, and is currently pursuing MPhil Music (Vocal) from the university itself.The performance was organized by Indian Council for Cultural Relations in collaboration with Department of Music, Panjab University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12958037", "title": "Now, traffic police can detect fake documents in minutes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Perish the thought, if you are planning to drive with a fake licence or forged vehicle registration papers (RCs) or counterfeit number plate. Now, traffic police and transport department officials can get these documents authenticated within seconds, thanks to their cellphones. The National Informatics Centre (NIC) has developed a mechanism, where official mobile numbers of law-enforcing agencies registered with them can be used to get updated information about documents from across the country in minutes by sending an SMS.The road transport and highways ministry asked the state transport commissioners on Tuesday to get the official mobile numbers of their key employees registered with the NIC. \"We made the appeal to 50% of the states through video-conferencing, and we will reach out to the rest on Wednesday,\" said a senior ministry official.Joint secretary (transport) Nitin Gokarn said that all state police and their traffic wings are also being urged to use this service. Besides, the gazetted officers of the law-enforcing wings can send e-mails to state coordinator of NIC certifying a list of cellphone numbers for registration.\"Under this scheme, any normal cellphone can be used by the traffic police or transport department officials to verify the authenticity of documents. They also get details of whether the vehicle owners have paid the necessary taxes,\" Gokarn said.Once the SMS is sent to the NIC, the automated system will access vehicle and driving licence registers, and send out an automated reply.Now, registration certificates (RCs) are available for 50% of vehicles since the rest, the sources said, are either obsolete or quite old. However, most of the driving licences have been digitalized in the national register.\"We have asked the states to digitalize the 'legacy' (old) data at the earliest. We are offering financial help to update this register for strict enforcement of rules,\" Gokarn added.Later, the same cellphone numbers can be used for issuing e-challans and to register the offences. Registering the offences in the central database has assumed significance in light of the legislation proposed by the government to increase the fine and punishment for a driver found committing the same offence frequently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12961622", "title": "Twitter may buy photo app-maker Tap Tap Tap", "text": "Twitter executives talked with Tap Tap Tap, maker of the photo app Camera+, about a possible deal.Soon after Facebook agreed to pay $1 billion for Instagram, social networking rival Twitter considered acquiring a mobile photo-sharing application called Camera+, two people with knowledge of the negotiations said.Twitter executives held several meetings with Camera+ developer Tap Tap Tap, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the talks were private. The talks broke down before Twitter could make an offer because the startup's far-flung workforce was reluctant to relocate to San Francisco, they said. While 10 employees are already based there, Tap Tap Tap has 20 others in Austria , New Zealand, Spain and elsewhere.Like Instagram, Camera+ lets users take photographs with an iPhone, tweak the colors and share them on its own social network or through Facebook and Twitter.Twitter had expressed interest in buying Instagram in recent months, the New York Times reported last month. Jack Dorsey, Twitter's co-founder and executive chairman, had invested in Instagram, and frequently posted pictures using the app. He said in an interview with Charlie Rose last week that Instagram has more in common with Twitter than with Facebook. His point was that people rely heavily on Twitter and Instagram to post items instantly from mobile phones.Two hours before Facebook announced its deal on April 9, Dorsey uploaded a photo on Instagram of a San Francisco bus. Two days later, he added his first picture to his Camera+ profile, and hasn't posted to Instagram since.Dorsey helped lead the negotiations with Tap Tap Tap, according to the people with knowledge of the talks. Twitter Chief Executive Officer Dick Costolo wasn't directly involved, they said. Carolyn Penner, a Twitter spokeswoman, declined to comment.Costolo told reporters in Japan two weeks ago that Twitter wouldn't alter its strategy or seek to acquire an Instagram competitor to counter Facebook's move.The Camera+ iPhone app, which costs 99 cents, has been downloaded 7.5 million times in about two years. Instagram, which debuted four months after Camera+, has 50 million people signed up to use its free software that runs on Google's Android system and Apple's iPhone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12963380", "title": "Sushant Singh Rajput to debut in Chetan Bhagat film", "text": "Chetan Bhagat was teasing his fans on Twitter by releasing lil bits and pieces of his new film 'Kai Po Che'. And now he has tweeted a pic of the star who will play one of the leads.The film which is an adaptation of his novel 'The 3 Mistakes Of My Life' sees the popular face of Pavitra Rishta - Sushant Singh Rajput - in one of the lead role. He plays the character Ishaan. The actor, who is an engineer by profession, also wowed everybody with his superb dancing skills in the reality show Jhalak Dikhla Ja - so much so that even the dancing diva Madhur Dixit couldn't stop raving about his dancing skills.The other two stars in the film are Amit Sadh who plays Omi, a priest's innocent son dragged into politics, while Raj Kumar Yadav plays the business obsessed Govind.Produced by UTV, the film sees the return of 'Rock On' fame director Abhishek Kapoor, who will be diercting a film after almost three years. The film is being shot in Ahmedabad in a start to finish schedule. As the book comes to life on reel, Chetan tweeted,\"Surreal to see book come to life. The temple, shops, cricket ground. It is all there. For real now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12957935", "title": "Gondia zilla parishad starts scheme for school students", "text": "GONDIA: To attract more students to schools the Gondia zilla parishad started a novel programme - gawachi shala amchi shala (our village our school) - on the occasion of Maharashtra Day.Under the scheme the ZP plans to improve the strength of school students by involving their parents, village leaders and social workers in the decision making process and management of the school. Zilla parishad chairman Netram Katre and vice-chairman Vinod Agrawal toured the district recently to explain the concept to the parents and leaders to cooperate and encourage students to go to schools.Under the scheme the ZP aims to target students in the age group of 6 to 14 years from 2012-13 academic session. It also aims to arrest the outflow of good students from ZP schools to private schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "paris", "code": "12958533", "title": "Le Pen says won't endorse Sarkozy or Hollande", "text": "PARIS: The leader of France's resurgent, anti-immigrant far right, Marine Le Pen , is refusing to endorse either candidate in the country's presidential runoff and said on Tuesday she will cast a blank protest ballot.Le Pen, who came in a strong third place in the first round of voting on April 22, told her supporters at a big rally in Paris to \"vote according to your conscience\".She assailed conservative president Sarkozy, who has borrowed some of Le Pen's rhetoric about immigrants and Muslims in his campaign, accusing him of impoverishing the French and giving up too much sovereignty to the EU.Sarkozy has borrowed some of Le Pen's rhetoric about immigrants and Muslims in his campaign, and is hoping to win over the more than 6 million voters who supported her in the second round. She even threw cold water on Sarkozy's attempts to woo her voters. \"I will cast a blank ballot.\" \"Each one of you will make your choice,\" she said, while insisting that she herself could not endorse Sarkozy or Socialist challenger Francois Hollande.Polls favor Hollande. Observers say Le Pen is distancing herself from Sarkozy in hopes of becoming the face of the French opposition under a Socialist leadership. She urged her supporters to focus on upcoming parliamentary polls, where she hopes her National Front party wins a presence in the national assembly for the first time since 1986. Across town, Sarkozy is holding a campaign rally of his own on Tuesday where he is expected to reach out to the far right.In a radio interview Tuesday morning, he was asked whether France has too many immigrants, and answered, ``yes.''\"Our system of integration doesn't work. Why? Because before we were able to integrate those who were received on our territory, others arrived. Having taken in too many people, we paralyzed our system of integration,'' he said on RMC radio.``I will never argue for zero immigration, but the reality is that when you invite more people than you can handle, you no longer integrate them,'' he said.Meanwhile, masses of workers, leftists and union leaders around France are marking May Day with marches and rallies, in a mood of optimism ahead of Sunday's runoff. Marchers protested austerity measures pushed by EU leaders and by Sarkozy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "rohtak/ gurgaon", "code": "12958324", "title": "'Cradles outside shelter homes can save the girl child'", "text": "ROHTAK/ GURGAON: Every other day some baby girl is abandoned by her parents in Haryana, a state with one of the worst sex ratios in the country. Last week alone four infant girls were rocovered in Bhiwani, Rewari, Gurgaon and Sonipat, cementing the belief of the health department that the incidents are no longer uncommon.Calling the recent incidents outrageous, Jaswanti, director of a women's shelter home in Rohtak, urged the government and social organizations to take concrete steps like placing cradles outside the destitute women's homes/nursing homes to save the newborns.\"The Shiromani Gurdwara Prabandhak Committee (SGPC) in Punjab started placing cradles outside the gurdwaras about five years ago when a trend of abandonment of infant girls was noticed in Punjab. The NGOs and authorities must take the responsibility of bringing up such girls,\" Jaswanti said.According to the 2011 Census, Haryana has 877 females per 1000 males, pushing Haryana to the bottom of the sex ratio chart of the country.Following that census, the state government had taken tough measures against prenatal sex determination tests and female foeticide after the 2011 Census report put Haryana at the bottom of the sex ratio chart among the states.But the child sex ratio (0-6 age group), in a proportion of 830:1000, is even more worrisome, say experts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12958342", "title": "Soldiers yet to get bulletproof vests, ballistic helmets", "text": "NEW DELHI: Leave alone big-ticket items like missiles, helicopters or specialized tank ammunition, the government is yet to even provide soldiers with basic protective gear like modular bulletproof vests or ballistic helmets.After going around in circles for several years, the much ballyhooed project to acquire 1,86,168 bulletproof jackets for the humble soldiers has come to a big naught. Similarly, the case for ballistic helmets with internal communication gear is yet to make any headway.The 1.86 lakh jackets were to be inducted in the first phase under the fresh global tender or RFP (request for proposal) issued once again in March 2011, after obtaining approval from the defence acquisitions council chaired by defence minister A K Antony in October 2009.While the first lot was to be inducted in the 11th Army Plan (2007-2012), another 1.67 lakh jackets were to be acquired in the second round. Around a dozen companies did come forward with their proposals and were ready for trial evaluation but the RFP was \"retracted'' last December due to problems in the technical parameters or the GSQRs (general staff qualitative requirements) drawn up for the jackets. The entire process will begin afresh this year, with \"suitable'' tweaking of the GSQRs.Soldiers currently are saddled with heavy, ineffective jackets and helmets, which greatly restrict their mobility during counter-insurgency and other operations. Over 150 security forces personnel, incidentally, die every year while battling militants in Jammu and Kashmir and the North-East.The new gear is supposed to more effectively protect the head, neck, chest, groin and sides of soldiers as well as allow them to move with greater agility. The trials of the new \"ergonomically designed'' jackets will be conducted both in hot and cold conditions, as also in the Terminal Ballistics Research Lab in Chandigarh to ensure they provide adequate protection against the latest lethal bullets.As reported earlier by TOI, the Army wanted the modular jackets to provide \"graded levels of protection''. For a \"low threat perception'' mission, for instance, the jacket was to weigh less than 4 kg and have \"a trauma pad with all-around soft armour plate, including front, sides, back, collar and neck''.Conversely, for a high threat mission, the jacket's weight could go up to 11.5 kg, with \"hard armour plates'' for front, rear, sides, upper arms, groin and throat, capable of protecting against 7.62mm x 39mm mild steel core ammunition fired from an AK-47 from 10 metres.Taking note that it has been \"consistently'' raising the critical shortage of bulletproof jackets over the years, the parliamentary standing committee on defence said it was high time the government fast-tracked their acquisition.\"We express unhappiness over the way procurement of such an important life-saving item required for the armed forces is being delayed. We also deplore the way the defence ministry has dealt with the issue of the weight of jackets by holding that soldiers are not required to wear them at their maximum weight under low threat levels,'' it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12956698", "title": "Information commission yet to get own office", "text": "HYDERABAD: The AP Information Commission is struggling not just with the long-pending appointments of information commissioners but also for a spacious office. Despite having been allotted prime land in Gachibowli, the commission continues to function in a congested location, thanks to the state government's indifference.In February 2009 the revenue department had issued a GO (Ms No. 316) allotting to the commission one acre land in survey No. 91 at Gachibowli which had a market value of more than Rs 10 crore at that time. According to the initial proposal, the expenditure for the construction was to be shared jointly by the state and the central governments. However, in 2010 the central government backed out of the project. Ever since, the state government has not released any funds. Currently, the commission is functioning from a rented portion of the HACA Bhavan. It does not have enough space to accommodate any new staff, leave alone the soon-to-be-appointed information commissioners. When asked about the issue, Jannat Hussain, chief information commissioner, said that he was pursuing the matter with the government and would try and get funds released as soon as possible.\"It is important for us to have a new office as there is space constraint in the present office. The plan for the new office at Gachibowli is ready, but we are waiting for funds to be released by the government,\" he said.According to the building plan made by the commission, it would cost about Rs 10 crore to construct the new office building. The proposed building would have a library, separate chambers for the chief information commissioner as well as the 10 information commissioners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "malegaon", "code": "12959307", "title": "25 years on, Malegaon still awaits district status", "text": "MALEGAON: On October 3, 1981, the then chief minister of Maharashtra, Abdur Rehman Antulay on a day-long visit to the city had announced that Malegaon would be declared a district within six months. However, the decision was put on the backburner after Antulay relinquished office in January 1982 and the plan has not seen the light of day till date.Political leaders and activists of Malegaon are united on this issue. According to Azeez Mukadam they have jointly met every chief minister who was in the office after Antulay to remind them of the promise he had made on behalf of the state. On May 21, 1998, when former chief minister Manohar Joshi was in Malegaon to induct local Congress leader Prashant Hiray into the Shiv Sena, he also promised that his government would be declaring Malegaon a district very soon.\"His deputy Gopinath Munde was in fact more outright. He said that only a non-Congress government like theirs could convert Malegaon into a district\", Mukadam, who is part of the 25-year-old campaign.A few months after Joshi made this announcement, he too was embroiled in a scam and was forced to resign from the post in January 1999 .The people of Malegaon, believe that the matter is pending because of the lack of political will on the part of the government which they feel 'for reasons best known to it' wants to keep the matter pending. The other reason they cite is the absence of a strong local leadership. \"Chief ministers come and go. But if a government decides to do something, nothing stops it. Malegaon is not becoming a district because the government doesn't want and we don't have anyone who can change its stand,\" Najam Ansari, a chartered Accountant, said.But the region has been extended facilities reserved for a district, such as the appointment of an aditional superintendent of police, an additional sessions court, an RTO and a 200-bed hospital. Malegaon also has its own a municipal corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12958331", "title": "When working class ruled Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: Their memory is a bit hazy as they go back in time to reflect on the days when Coimbatore was synonymous with workers' movements and struggles for securing the rights of the men and women, who made the spindles spin and earn the city its title of the Manchester of South India.Disappointment is evident in the tone and body language of the trade union leaders of the past as they admit to the decline of the workers movements over the years. They concede that the working class itself has undergone drastic transformation post-1990s, and that the trade union movements have either reached a point of stagnation or have slowly dissolved in a market-dominated system that offers minimum space for dissent or activism from the workers. \"Very few leaders from those days are alive today. We all shared a common dream of strengthening the working class and their basic rights,' says 72-year-old UK Vellingiri, CPM leader and a former MLA.Working class politics emerged in Coimbatore in 1930s and '40s, when the workers of textile mills in the city began to demand better wages and working conditions. The first trade union in the city, Coimbatore Mill Workers Union, was formed in 1937. \"Those days, special overseers armed with whips were posted in mills to ensure that employees work for at least 16 hours daily without rest,\" says M Arumugam, CPI MLA from Valparai.Naturally, mill workers formed the fulcrum of trade unions in the city followed by employees of garment units and mechanical manufacturing units that were booming sectors. The city's trade union leaders and activists like Jeevanandam, K N Sinnayan, N K Krishnan, Parvathy Krishnan, A Subramaniam, U K Vellingiri and P S Chinnadurai were nationally known. INTUC, AITUC and HMS dominated unions until the DMK came into the picture in the 1960s.A turning point in the trade union history of Coimbatore was when 15 mills including Kaleeswara mills, Pankaja Mills and Cambodia Mills were declared sick units in 1967. The workers protested the mismanagement of the mills that led to their decline. Over 5,000 workers were imprisoned and the strike led to the formation of the Tamil Nadu Textile Corporation, which took over the mills. \"The movement in Coimbatore was spearheaded by Parvathy Krishnan and other leaders, which laid the foundation for the central government to draft a bill in 1974 and form the National Textile Corporation,\" says Arumugam.Vellingiri recollects the five-and-half month-long strike at the Lakshmi Machine Works Unit in Coimbatore when 400 workers were imprisoned for 22 days in 1977. The agitation was triggered when the management decided to terminate two permanent employees. \"MGR intervened to resolve the crisis. His labour minister S Raghavanandam personally asked us to withdraw the strike. We carried on till the workers were reinstated,\" says Vellingiri.The gradual closure of the mills in the 1980s adversely impacted the unions. The classification and separation of the mills into four categories based on the spindle capacity in 1987 further affected the sector as more and more private mills reduced their spindle capacity and started to shift units to rural areas, where cheap labour could be employed on temporary contracts.\"The sumangali scheme and the deployment of temporary workers adversely affected the sector as managements could easily keep them under check and even gag them if they dared to raise their voice,\" says A Subramaniam, four-time president, Hind Mazdoor Sabha.The 1990s saw a major shift in the economy that led to the growth of the service sector. Industrial employment declined and so did the industrial working class. The entry of new forms of contractual employment demolished old notions of working class solidarity and consciousness. The new corporate culture hardly offered space for socialisation centred on trade unions and the lower orders of labour were increasingly constituted of migrant workers drawn from even northern states, who were put up in camps.\"Coimbatore used to be an active sphere for workers movements and protests. A few decades back even the normal kitchen talk in households would be about the textile mills and the problems of the workers. There was a high level of awareness in the society especially among the middle class,\" said CR Bijoy, city-based social activist.The recent nurses' strike in a city hospital was almost a throwback to the past. However, that the strike was limited to one hospital and that major trade unions were not involved in it itself revealed how much the city's political culture had changed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12957640", "title": "Online visa application facility extended to 8 more cities abroad", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has extended integrated online visa application system, which offers secure and hassle-free travel documents to foreigners, to eight more overseas destinations. Now, the facility is available at 60 Indian missions abroad.The facility, under the Immigration, Visa and Foreigners Registration and Tracking (IVFRT) system, had been made operational at Indian missions at Perth in Australia, Houston and Chicago in the United States, Tehran in Iran, Cairo in Egypt, Taipei in Taiwan and Bangkok and Chiang Mai in Thailand .The other destinations where this facility is currently available are at New York, San Francisco , Hong Kong, Washington and at Indian missions in Pakistan, Bangladesh and the United Kingdom .The IVFRT offers secure and hassle-free visa to legitimate travelers through a safe and incorporated service delivery framework.In order to modernize and upgrade the immigration services, the IVFRT has been identified and included as one of the Mission Mode Projects (MMP) to be undertaken by the ministry of home affairs under national e-governance plan (NeGP).The core objective of this project is to develop and implement a secure and integrated service delivery framework that facilitates legitimate travelers while strengthening security. The scope of the project includes 169 missions, 77 immigration check posts (ICPs), five foreigners regional registration offices and foreigners registration offices (FROs) in the states.The implementation of MMP will enable authentication of traveler's identity at the missions, ICPs and FROs through use of intelligent document scanners and biometrics, updating of foreigner's details at entry and exit points, improved tracking of foreigner's through sharing of information captured during visa issuance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12965164", "title": "Jay Merchant learnt discipline from Sanjana Kapoor", "text": "Jay Merchant, who is doing his bit to promote theatre in Vadodara, says he learnt a lot from Sanjana KapoorThere was a time in his life when Jay Merchant would earn just 75 rupees per day as a freelance theatre teacher but he never gave up on his passion. Slowly, things changed for the better and today, Jay is happily married and doing his bit for theatre, apart from being associated with short films as well. He shares, \"It was difficult to sustain but I fought it out. I was interested in literature and theatre right from childhood. After graduation, I decided to be a part of constructive theatre.\"His love for the stage saw him getting in touch with Sanjana Kapoor, the daughter of Shashi Kapoor who is doing some quality work in Mumbai for theatre. \"Working with her for residential workshops was a life changing experience. Her dedication towards theatre is exemplary and I have seen her getting up at 5 am the morning after being awake till midnight. I have learnt commitment from her.\" says Jay.Not long ago, Musafir Hoon-Journey of India post independence, a short film from the city written and directed by Prakash Gowda, was selected as one of the six best entries at an all India short film festival. Jay starred in it, apart from doubling up as the creative director. He says, \"I am not a good actor, and neither am I blessed with great looks! But it felt great when eminent people like Nandita Das praised our film.\"Jay, who has directed quite a few plays and also conducts workshops in the city to work with young talent, says, \"My fondest dream is to work towards building a small theatre in Vadodara where people can enjoy and discuss theatre.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12957975", "title": "Driver held for extortion bid", "text": "NEW DELHI: The driver of a singer based in the Lajpat Nagar area has been held for intimidating and trying to extort money from him.Police said Ram Swaroop, 31, who started working for Amar Colony resident Mahesh Lakheda six months ago, got his cousin Virender Chaddha to make threatening calls and demand Rs 50 lakh from Lakheda for not harming his two children.\"Being their driver, Swaroop often drove the children to school and knew their routine well. He gave the details to Chaddha, who made threatening calls to Lakheda from six different PCO booths across southeast Delhi and Faridabad,'' said an investigator. Chaddha reportedly told Lakheda that he was a Lashkar-e-Taiba terrorist.According to Lakheda's complaint, he received at least eight calls starting March 27. On Monday afternoon, when he received another call for Rs 50 lakh, Lakheda agreed to pay up and fixed Badarpur as the delivery point for the cash.\"We traced the calls and found out that they were made by Chaddha. When we told Lakheda about this, he was able to identify the persons and they were apprehended the same day when they came to pick up the cash,\" the officer said.Lakheda, who sings regional songs, stays with his family in the Garhi area of Amar Colony in southeast Delhi. Swaroop, too, is a resident of Garhi while Chaddha has his house in Haryana.\"Swaroop came to know that Lakheda owns two plots of land worth lakhs of rupees and thought of extorting money from him. He roped in Chaddha by promising him a share of the booty and asked him to make the calls from Faridabad,\" said the officer.Police have registered a case under IPC section 387 (putting or trying to put a person in fear of death or grievous hurt in order to commit extortion) and sent the two accused to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12956765", "title": "Talks on with Saudi builders for housing Haj pilgrims", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Centre is in talks with some real estate developers in Mecca, Saudi Arabia, to provide a cluster of buildings at one place for accommodation to the over one lakh pilgrims who perform Haj every year, based on long-term agreement.Central Haj Committee CEO Shakir Hussain told TOI on Tuesday that with Indian pilgrims scattered over five to seven sq km area, it is difficult to cater to their various needs. \"Every year we have to look for over 600 buildings for accommodation and not all of them are close to each other. This makes the job of Haj managers difficult who cannot serve the pilgrims as efficiently as they plan. With this in mind the government, through its consulate general in Jeddah, has approached some real estate businessmen who have expressed willingness to construct new buildings or provide clusters of buildings for Indian pilgrims on long-term lease. If such a deal comes through our pilgrims will go to the predetermined area every year where we will create facilities according to their requirement,\" he explained.Hussain also said that the CHC has received 3,11,000 Haj applications which is 9000 more than the previous year. It had expected only 2,50,000 applications as for the first time the international passport had been mandatory for all intending pilgrims. But, he said, it appears that the pilgrims were expecting this development and were therefore ready with international passports.As many as 16,752 applications were received in AP, 238 less than in 2011. Hussain, who was at the Haj House to inspect and discuss the arrangements made by the AP State Haj Committee, told mediapersons that the Qura (lucky draw) process will begin for the smaller states on May 7 and in AP it will be held on May 10.Only two kinds of accommodation are being provided for the pilgrims this time. One is Green which is close to the Haram or Grand Mosque and the other Azizia, which is located at some distance from the Haram. For the first time the CHC will be giving a booklet, Haj Guide, to each one of the pilgrims. The guide to be printed in English, Hindi and Urdu will carry many details which the pilgrims will find useful during his training, travel and stay in Saudi Arabia for the Haj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12957929", "title": "Parking row: Man attacked in South Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A businessman staying at Shivalik in Malviya Nagar has alleged that he was attacked by his neighbour and had his ear bitten off after an argument between the two over parking on Sunday evening.According to the FIR, Amit Bagai, the victim, was standing outside his house when he was approached by three persons and asked to come near his gate. \"When I opened the gate, one of the three accused caught me and another person rained blows on my legs. An accused even bit off a portion of my ear,\" it said.The FIR, filed in the Malviya Nagar police station, went on to add that when his family members came to his aid, the accused also hit them. He was taken to AIIMS Trauma Centre later.\"We have found that the victim had been having problems with the accused neighbour for the past one and a half years. This was over a particular parking spot near their residence. It will take some time to establish the exact sequence of events after which arrests are possible,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12963765", "title": "Safe", "text": "CreditsDirector: Boaz YakinCast: Jason Statham, Catherine Chan, Chris SarandonIndia Distributor: Reliance EntertainmentRelease Date: May 4, 2012SynopsisStatham plays Luke Wright , a former NYPD cop cum second-rate cage fighter whose wife has been murdered and his life destroyed by the Russian mob. With nothing to live for, Luke begins contemplating suicide. But his unlikely savior is a ten-year-old Chinese math prodigy named Mei. Kidnapped by Triad boss Han Jiao for her flawless numerical memory, Mei has been brought to America and forced to act as the organization's \"human ledger\".But the information Mei holds in her memory is also coveted by the Russian mob, and a botched abduction attempt sends her on the run...and right into Luke's path. He tries to protect Mei from the Triads while outwitting New York officials and the Russian Mafia. He won't stop until she's safe. SAFE's vivid central relationship between Luke and Mei is the driving force of the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12958596", "title": "Panel will not return kids to lawyer soon", "text": "CHENNAI: The six children picked up by the Child Welfare Committee (CWC) from the house of a lawyer in the city five days ago, are not likely to be returned to their guardian any time soon.The CWC says it will first to trace the biological parents of the children, who were taken away from Mehrunnisa Kasim, who is also known as Nisha, even though evidence indicated that they had been well looked after and the fact that they were unwilling to be separated from her.Committee officials say the biological parents will have to give their consent to the children being brought up under the guardianship of Nisha. The lawyer had been looking after the six children for the past seven years without legal adoption or guardianship papers for at least four of the children.\"If Nisha reveals from where the four children were brought, then officials can go there and try to find the parents. If not, we will have to put up their pictures in newspapers and wait for someone to claim them,\" said P Manorama, chairman of the Child Welfare Committee in Chennai.Even though neighbours said Nisha was taking good care of the children, all of whom attend good schools, the committee says there are many loopholes in the lawyer's version of events.\"We need to find the facts during our investigation. Nisha said she is not running an NGO but a trust. How did she get the money to raise the children? A trust should have clear records of income and expenditure,\" Manorama said. However, Nisha's counsel, Lekha Shankar, said submitting details of finances in this case is not a pressing issue as the children's interest is of paramount importance.\"It is against the rules for the lawyer's 17-year-old biological son to live with the children who include five young girls,\" said Andal Damodaran, vice-president of the Indian Council for Child Welfare.While the CWC admits that the two older children did have legal papers, they say a few doubts persist, which is why the children will not be returned to their guardian immediately. \"They were guardianship papers, naming Nisha's husband and a woman named Sony. Nisha's husband is of a different faith, and she has not produced any marriage certificate. We have to contact Sony too,\" Manorama said.The two older children are likely to be released earlier than others, said welfare committee sources. CWC officials also clarified that the children are now in an NGO, and have been attending school every day except Thursdays, when they have to be produced in court. Nisha's counsel maintains that the detention of the children by the CWC is illegal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12958468", "title": "Low on attendance, 800 barred from tests", "text": "NOIDA: Almost 800 students were barred from sitting in the semester examinations at Mahamaya Technical University (MTU) for not meeting the criterion of 75% attendance, said officials. To boost students' attendance, the university has created an online portal which will constantly monitor their attendance. The system has kicked off and will become fully operational from July.According to officials, over 1.25 lakh students from all over the state, appeared for the examinations on the first day. \"Those who didn't have adequate attendance couldn't appear for the exams. However, those who had valid reasons backed by evidence were allowed to write the papers,\" said a university official.As opposed to other universities where attendance is monitored or fed into the web portal on a monthly basis or every semester, MTU's new system will allow teachers to directly feed in the attendance record of each class into the system. \"This will go a long way in increasing attendance. Every time a student misses a class, he will receive a message on his phone as will his father,\" said JP Pandey, examination controller, MTU.The portal will also allow students and teachers to view their individual assessment regarding assignments, seminars, lectures, projects and practical examinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12960672", "title": "Enough of autos in city, regional transport office to stop new registrations", "text": "SURAT: No new auto rickshaws in the diamond city. This is what the regional transport office (RTO) is aiming at to ease traffic problems in the city.The RTO department has dashed off a letter to the state transport department urging it to issue a notification or a circular to stop registration of new auto rickshaws in Surat. This, according to the transport office, will not only help in controlling the increase in the number of auto rickshaws in the city but also help in curbing traffic menace.\"About 80 per cent of traffic problems in the city are due to the auto rickshaws. In the last five year, autos plying on the city roads have doubled up. While most of the auto drivers are locals, about 30 per cent are migrants hailing from Uttar Pradesh and Bihar. This is the reason why the autos are increasing day-by-day as it is the most affordable means to earn livelihood,\" said KA Patel, in-charge regional transport officer.\"There are many in the city who own more than 300 auto rickshaws which they give on 'bachat system' (a system where auto driver has to pay daily rent for the auto he drives),\" added Patel.Auto rickshaws may have become the most affordable mode of transportation for the city teeming with 45 lakh population and poor road transport facilities, but the sharp increase in the number of autos in the past couple of years has become a major headache for the RTO, urban planners and the law enforcing agencies.With more than 85,000 auto rickshaws plying on the city roads, the issues related to traffic have increased. In most of the cases, auto drivers have been held responsible for traffic jams and haphazard parking on main thoroughfares.Had there been no autos in the diamond city, the travel time from railway station to Chowk Bazaar during peak hours could have been reduced from 20 minutes to just seven minutes.Official sources said that about 15 new autos are registered daily by the RTO. Patel said, \"The city has enough autos and there is no need for new ones. Soon the city will have BRTS project in some of the key areas, which will lessen the need for auto rickshaws.\"Siddharth Patel, who owns a shop at Bhagal, said, \"Something concrete should be worked out by the authorities to curb the auto rickshaw menace.\"\"Roads in new areas like Adajan, Athwalines and City Light are quite wide to handle traffic movement. But still commuters face difficulties traversing on the road due to the huge presence of auto rickshaws. There is an urgent need to control the auto menace in order to streamline city's traffic movement,\" said a senior SMC officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12957012", "title": "High court may hear plaint against Bhujbal over Mumbai Educational Trust today", "text": "MUMBAI: Sunil Karve, who founded Mumbai Educational Trust (MET) along with Chhagan Bhujbal , has moved court seeking directions for the police to register a criminal case against the NCP leader for the misuse of trust property in Bandra and the misappropriation of trust funds. The petition, which the Bombay high court is expected to hear on Wednesday, is against Mumbai's police chief, joint police commissioner (crime) and additional police commissioner (economic offences wing) and questions their decision to transfer to the charity commissioner Karve's complaint against Bhujbal and his family.In February, Karve complained to the police chief, accusing Bhujbal and his family members, who are trustees too, of misappropriating Rs 177 crore from trust funds, and mismanaging and misusing MET's ten-storey property at Bandra Reclamation. Karve accused Bhujbal of \"usurping an entire floor with terrace\", which the latter, who is at present PWD minister, flatly denied.The land on which the building stands was given by the BMC on an initial lease of 30 years in 1991. The condition was for the land to be developed for educational purposes only.Karve's petition seeks an investigation by the CBI or a special investigation team on the grounds that the police appear not to be interested in the probe.Karve, who filed the petition through his lawyer Sayaji Nangre, said that even two months after his complaint, no FIR was filed by the police against Bhujbal.The charity commissioner had sent officers to inspect MET's Bandra premises and report if there was misuse by the Bhujbals. A hearing before the joint charity commissioner is on May 4.He said he received a letter from the APC (EOW) dated March 15 addressed to the Charity Commissioner, Worli Mumbai stating that his complaint pertains to actions within the jurisdiction of the charity commissioner's office that handles public charitable trusts.The police officer said his complaint had been forwarded to the Charity Commissioner and also stated that the police had carried out no enquiries. Karve thus said that the HC must direct the police to register an FIR against Chhagan Bhujbal, his wife Meena Chhagan Bhujbal, son Pankaj Bhujbal, Nephew Sameer Bhujbal, daughters-in-law Vishakha and Shefali Bhujbal as his complaint of misappropriation of funds was a cognizable criminal offence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12961262", "title": "Funds released for development works", "text": "MANGALORE: A sum of Rs 2.25 lakh has been released under MP's Local Area Development ( MPLAD) fund of Mangalore MP Nalin Kumar Kateel for the development of road between Permanki and Salikatte at Ulaibettu village in Mangalore taluk. A total of Rs 3 lakh was sanctioned for the development of road in 2010-11.The cheque for Rs 2.25 lakh has been handed over to the executive engineering section of Dakshina Kannada zilla panchayat. Similarly, Rs 2.25 lakh was released for the construction of a road at Beebilachil in Adyappadi in Mangalore taluk.Meanwhile Rs 75,000 has been released for construction of a community hall for Mogera community at Panjimogaru in Padukodi village in Mangalore taluk. A total of Rs 1 lakh was sanctioned for the construction of hall in 2009-10. Two cheques of Rs 1.5 lakh and Rs 2 lakh have been released for the construction of roads between Marolipadavu and Pejathaya, and Kalladi and Nagojibail respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12958116", "title": "Get no objection certificate before loading ore: Mormugao Port Trust to exporters", "text": "PANAJI: Following an order from the mines and geology directorate, Mormugao Port Trust (MPT) recently issued a circular to iron ore exporters asking them to submit a no objection certificate (NOC) from the mines department before loading vessels with ore at the port.The circular was issued based on the initiative taken by the mines department to regulate transportation and extraction of iron ore more effectively and ensure that the ore comes from a valid mining lease. Sources said the fresh initiative is to tighten transportation of ore and curb illegal mining.Mines director Prasanna Acharya in the communique to MPT said that despite continuous efforts, illegalities have not been completely eliminated and that coordinated efforts would be required from all concerned to stop illegal mining.The mines department had written to MPT and captain of ports on April 10, 2012 stressing the need for seeking NOC from exporters before loading. This is the second time the mines department has written to MPT on the same issue. The first time was on January 28, 2011 by then director Arvind Lolienkar but despite the Digambar Kamat-led government putting a system in place, it was not entirely foolproof.NOCs were obtained from the mines department after the vessel was loaded with ore for exports. This is now sought to be changed.Currently most exporters approach the mines department for NOC after vessels are loaded and after having paid royalty.\"In such cases we are left with no option but to treat the ore loaded in the vessel to be the ore from respective mining lease\", the mines director said in his letter, directing MPT to \"explore the possibility of seeking NOC from the department prior to loading the vessel\".MPT in the circular to exporters said, \"Shippers are requested to submit an NOC for the vessels prior to loading at different positions.\"The circular further stated that exporters should furnish details such as arrival of the vessel, name of exporters, capacity of vessel and quantum of ore proposed to be exported based on the shipping bill, directly to the mines department.In 2011, when the illegal mining controversy had erupted, the department had directed that no ship will leave port with an ore consignment without an NOC from the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12966572", "title": "Woman refuses sex with father-in-law, killed", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 53-year-old man was arrested from south Delhi for allegedly murdering his daughter-in-law after she refused to entertain his advances, police said on Wednesday.Arshad Ali allegedly stabbed to death Sabina (25) in her Sangam Vihar house on April 29 night and fled from the spot.Ali was apprehended from Hauz Rani yesterday on a tip-off, DCP (South) Chhaya Sharma said.\"He told us that he had infatuation for his daughter- in-law and wanted to have physical relations with her. He was staying with his son Sabir. At that time, he teased his daughter-in-law but the matter was sorted out with the intervention of family members.\"No complaint was lodged with the police then. On the fateful day, he went to Sabina's room and found her with her daughter. He tried to convince her for having a relationship with him but she refused and slapped him,\" Sharma said.Enraged at this, Ali stabbed Sabina repeatedly and fled from the spot. He threw the blood stained knife and shirt in the hilly area in M Block of Sangam Vihar.The suspicion had fallen on Ali after their landlord Salim saw the accused climbing down the stairs in blood-soaked clothes and with a knife.\"Seeing Salim, Ali fled the scene. Salim went upstairs and found Sabina lying in a pool of blood,\" the official said.Ali, who hails from Chamarpur village in UP's Badaun district, shifted to Delhi three years ago.\"He is a painter by profession. His wife died seven years ago. He has four children, including two daughters,\" Sharma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12957369", "title": "Builder told to pay flat buyer Rs 60,000 compensation", "text": "MUMBAI: The State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission recently ordered a builder to hand over a flat and pay compensation of Rs 60,000 to a buyer who paid 20% of the price in 2009 but never got possession.Taking the builder, M/S A &amp; A Shelters Pvt Ltd, to task for not appearing before it, the commission said it seemed that the developer did not care for the law of the land. It directed the builder to pay the buyer, Mangilal Parihar, Rs 50,000 as compensation towards mental agony and Rs 10,000 as costs.In a complaint filed before the panel on August 8, 2011, Parihar said he booked a flat measuring 1,305 sq ft in the builder's project on Veera Desai Road, Andheri (W). It was a 3BHK flat on the ninth floor of the building, Azad Nagar Gem Cooperative Housing Society Ltd.In September 2009, Parihar paid Rs 4 lakh of the total agreed amount of Rs 20 lakh and the balance was to be paid at the time of handing over the flat's possession in December 2010. The builder gave Parihar a receipt for the payment as well as an allotment letter with respect to the flat.A sale agreement was executed between the builder and the buyer in October 2009 and the builder also collected Rs 2 lakh towards stamp duty and registration charges. Parihar alleged that despite repeated requests, the developer failed to register the agreement and did not hand over possession atthe agreed time.The builder also did not respond to the legal notice that Parihar issued in April 2011. Parihar then filed a complaint before the panel. While seeking possession of the flat, he prayed that the builder be restrained from creating third-party interest in the flat.The commission then sent a notice to the builder. However, due to non-appearance by the latter, an order was passed in the builder's absence. The panel took into consideration key documents, including the allotment letter, agreement copy and receipt of payments made by Parihar.Reprimanding the builder for not giving possession of the flat, the commission held the former guilty of deficiency in service and unfair trade practice. \"The complainant has established and proved his case beyond doubt,\" the panel observed. The builder has to give possession of the Andheriflat within two months of receiving the remaining amount of Rs 16 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12957794", "title": "Master Plan: Ideas pour in at open house", "text": "NEW DELHI: From rebate in conversion charges and proper planning of urban extension roads to regularizing the extension of small plots, residents of Pitampura, Ashok Vihar, Rohini and nearby villages had a lot to suggest at the second open house organized by Delhi Development Authority (DDA) on Tuesday at its office in Rohini. With an aim to collect feedback for the ongoing review of Master Plan 2021, DDA planners heard 159 presentations by RWA members, trade associations and individuals.The agency will now hold an open house every Tuesday of the month. The next discussion is scheduled for south Delhi residents on May 8 at August Kranti Marg.Though many suggestions were offered, many residents said the open house didn't have any scope for discussion or debate. However, they still made a beeline to the venue considering it was the best platform to voice their opinion. DDA Markets Joint Action Committee member S S Bhatia spoke at length on how mixed land use violated the Master Plan and took away the rights of the shopkeepers in approved DDA complexes.\"Commercialization of residential premises is in no way permissible under the Master Plan. Residential land and dwelling units are decreasing day by day. We suggest that shopkeepers in commercialized premises be rehabilitated in vacant commercial plots of DDA,\" Bhatia said. \"A stringent provision should be introduced in the revised Master Plan so that commercialization of residential premises can be nipped in the bud.\" The market association also suggested that shopkeepers be allowed to expand their shops upto 50% ground coverage with a floor area ratio of 200.Representatives of Ladpur village beyond Rohini were also present at the open house. The village has been waiting for consolidation of land, or chakbandi, since 1908. Unlike residents of other areas, the villagers want DDA to put all its plans for the area on hold. \"We want more residential land in our village though we have been waiting for chakbandi for 104 years now. On the other hand, the Master Plan has provided a green zone around the village where around 200 houses already exist. There is also a provision of residential units and land for semi-public use. No development has happened so far,\" said Rajesh Dabas from Ladpur Welfare Society. \"But when demarcation of residential land happens eventually under chakbandi, there may be a conflict on permissible land use,\" he said.The village, with a population of over 10,000, had even boycotted MCD elections last month. Dabas added, \"I wish this open house were more interactive. Otherwise, it does not solve any purpose.\" Three independent planners were also a part of the panel listening to the suggestions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "12959082", "title": "Anti-nuke fast resumes in Idinthakarai", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: Thirty-five days after withdrawing the hunger strike, anti-nuclear protestors resumed the indefinite fast on Tuesday at Idinthakarai village, demanding the conduct of a safety drill around the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project before commissioning the reactor.As many as 25 villagers from Idinthakarai, Kudankulam, Kuduthalai and Kuthenkali have begun the fast at the protest site in Idinthakarai. However, People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy (PMANE) coordinator S P Udayakumar, members M Pushparayan and M P Jesuraj have not joined the fast. \"We have planned to join them on March 4,\" Pushparayan said.The fasting villagers have demanded constitution of an independent and transparent national committee to study the hydrological, geological, oceanographical and seismological impact of the nuclear plant at Kudankulam. They also demanded that the authorities conduct disaster management and evacuation exercises in the 30 km radius of KKNPP.\"The Centre should also share a copy of the secret inter-governmental agreement between India and Russia in 2008 on nuclear liability as well as information about KKNPP nuclear waste generation and management,\"An assembly or cabinet resolution should also be passed that no fresh water shall be diverted to KKNPP neither from Petchippaarai dam nor from the Tamirabarani,\"PMANE said in a statement. Pusparayan said from May 4, more people proposed to join the indefinite fast.The activists had begun a fast on March 19 after the Tamil Nadu cabinet adopted a resolution favouring the commissioning of the nuclear plant. The fast was withdrawn on March 19, after state government officials reportedly agreed to meet the demands of PMANE that arrested protestors should be released.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "bangalore ", "code": "12959026", "title": "Students face real thing at mock CET session", "text": "BANGALORE : For over 6,000 students, Tuesday was a mini-version of May 21. They got the real feel of a Common Entrance Test at the 'All-Karnataka Mock CET' held by Education Times in association with Byju's classes at Jyothi Nivas Auditorium.Thanks to the delayed CET, most of the students have enough time for a double prep this year. The enthusiasm was palpable on the college campus with a never-before turnout of students. The session started with a guidance workshop for parents where they were briefed on the right kind of parameters to look for while choosing a branch or a college for their children. The discussion was attended by over 2,000 parents.Students were taught the strategies that they can adopt to crack an exam like CET- answering the right kind of questions, managing time, marking questions and identifying patterns of questions that are repetitive from a chapter. \"The most important part is analysis. Students should know where their strength and weaknesses are. This will give them the focus to prepare for the exam,\" said Byju Raveendran, lead trainer, Byju's classes.Deepthi Rao from National College, Jayanagar, who attended the session, said: \"When Mock CET was conducted earlier this year, I wasn't very confident about taking it. But now since exams have been postponed, I had enough time to prepare and appear. I found the sessions extremely useful. I never knew you could solve problems this way. It was completely out of the box,\" she said.Agreeing with her, Sandeep Kannan, student of Christ College, said: \"I have never attended an entrance exam before. This gave me the feel of how it's like.\"Results of the mock test will be out in a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12957119", "title": "Why lease out Jal Mahal land for just Rs 2.5 crore: High court", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court on Tuesday heard the Jal Mahal land allotment dispute in detail and expressed surprise at the state government's decision to lease out the prime public land to a private company for 99 years and that too for a meagre annual return of Rs 2.5 crore.Separate public interest litigations (PILs) were pending before the court questioning the government decision to lease 100-acre land around the historical Jal Mahal or Man Sagar Lake on terms akin to selling the public land. The company, KGK Enterprises, was handed over the land to develop it as a tourist centre.\"Is it not shocking that this land has been leased out for just Rs 2.5 crore annually?\" Chief Justice Arun Kumar Mishra asked advocate general G S Bapna while hearing the government's arguments on Tuesday. The division bench, which also included Justice Mahesh Bhagwati, however, did not pass any order.The petitioners put the value of the land around Rs 3,500 crore even if the cost is evaluated at the area's reserve land price. The annual lease money, therefore, ought to have been at least Rs 150 crore instead of merely Rs 2.5 crore, the high court was told. Arguing that leasing out the land for 99 years was akin to selling it, the petitioners also maintained that the entire 100-acre land was part of the ancient lake and, thus, could not be sold.'Land leased out through global tendering'The state government, on the other hand, argued that the land was not sold but leased out through global tendering. The private company maintained that the project land was not part of the ancient Man Sagar Lake. The company told the court that it spent Rs 70 crore for restoring and developing the historical place.As the state government reasoned that the project was handed over to the private company to ensure its proper maintenance, Justice Bhagwati remarked, \"Now the Ramniwas Bagh remains to be leased out.\" When a similar argument was forwarded on behalf of the Rajasthan Tourism Development Corporation ( RTDC), Chief Justice Mishra wanted to know if the government bodies had gone \"bankrupt\" and were forced to depend on private parties for restoration works.The division bench also found it strange that the then state government showed undue hurry in opening the project's financial bids just a day before the assembly election results were announced on December 4, 2003. The petitioners also raised objections at the alleged relaxations granted to the private company to participate in the bidding process. The court was told that the company had an authorised capital of only Rs 50 lakh and a paid up capital of mere Rs 5 lakh before the Jal Mahal contract was awarded to it.The division bench noted with concern that environmental clearances for the project were not obtained even though the leased land is surrounded by designated wildlife and forest areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12963838", "title": "Army chief arrives at Jaipur to witness army's 'Shoor Veer' exercise", "text": "JAIPUR: Army Chief General V K Singh today reviewed the conduct of the ongoing exercise 'Shoor Veer' in Rajasthan's Humangarh and nearby region.The Army Chief was received by Lieutenant General Gyan Bhushan, General Oficer Commanding-in-Chief (Army Commander), of South Western Command), in the exercise area.The COAS was briefed on the training aspects, new concepts of warfare being tried and the conduct of the exercise by Lieutenant General Ashok Singh, General Officer Commanding 1 Corps, and Lt. Gen Sanjeev Anand, General Officer Commanding 'Chetak Corps'.The Army chief witnessed the exercise that entails the launch of theatre offensive by Sapta Shakti Command spearheaded by 1 Corps and Chetak Corps.The exercise displayed synergy of Army and Air Force in launching air-land battle and the capability to orchestrate battle in network centric environment with integration of reconnaissance, surveillance and electronic warfare and communication assets to provide real time battle and situational awareness of commanders, according to an official release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12956690", "title": "State government to conduct annual mapping of all schools", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has decided to map the availability of schools every year, in a major fillip for implementation of the Right to Education (RTE).Satellite imaging will be used for the annual exercise, which will be undertaken between October and December in urban and rural pockets.The survey will ascertain the availability of schools in an area. Approval for new schools will depend on the survey's findings, which will be incorporated into the plan for schools in an area.RTE guidelines make it necessary to have at least one primary school (class I to IV) every kilometre, a secondary school (class V to VII) every 3km and a higher secondary school (above class VIII) every 5km.The state government had decided to use satellite imaging to prepare a master plan for schools in urban and rural areas in February 2010.The Nagpur-based Maharashtra Remote Sensing Applications Centre ( MRSAC) was appointed for the exercise.A draft master plan for the urban and rural pockets was formulated on the basis of the first exercise. Even as the final plan for these pockets awaits formal approval, the school education department has decided to make the mapping exercise an annual feature.The announcement regarding annual mapping is part of a cabinet note circulated by the department along with a proposal for approval of the master plan for rural areas. On the basis of suggestions and objections invited over the draft master plan, the department has proposed setting up of 2,399 schools, including 663 primary, 1,594 secondary, and 142 higher secondary.While a draft plan was readied for urban areas (it recommended 200 new primary, 486 secondary, and 18 higher secondary schools), a decision to revisit the findings was taken last July. Apart from the distance between two schools and population estimates, it was decided to consider density of population and infrastructure facilities in the surroundings for the urban area survey.The department ruled that new primary and secondary schools will be run by urban and rural local bodies, while unaided private institutions will be permitted to run the new higher secondary schools. Those applying for a school outside the master plans will have to run them on a self-financed basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12963619", "title": "SP moves privilege motion against Ramdev for corrupt remark", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Samajwadi Party today moved a privilege motion against Ramdev for calling Parliamentarians murderers, looters, illiterates, corrupt and characterless.Addressing the media while launching his month-long yatra in Chhattisgarh's Durg yesterday, Ramdev said, \"They are those people who don't care, don't love the farmers, the labourers or the people of this country.\"They are friends and slaves of money. They are illiterate, dacoits and murderers. They are devils in the form of humans, who we have elected to those posts. They are not worth,\" Ramdev said.He said there are good people among the Parliamentarians and he respected them. \"But there are dacoits, murderers, illiterates among them. We have to save Parliament. We have to remove corrupt people,\" Ramdev added.Earlier, Hazare and his team, especially Arvind Kejriwal , angered Parliament when they attacked MPs. Kejriwal even called MPs murderers and rapists besides naming 14 Ministers as corrupt and threatened cases against them.Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar and several MPs did not mince words in condemning the utterances and asked people to show respect to Parliament.Speaker Kumar said, \"The Constitution is supreme. It has granted a certain position to Parliament. We all should take care of this first.\"Senior BJP leader Yashwant Sinha said that it is an insult of Parliament and lawmakers and indeed that of Constitution has become a normal norm now. \"And who insults the more is a bigger hero now.\"This is absolutely wrong. Nobody has the authority, no matter how big the individual is, ..... it insults the democratic institutions,\" he said.RJD chief Lalu Prasad Yadav said that Ramdev is \"frustrated and a mental case.\"Union minister Harish Rawat said Ramdev was raising a question mark on the whole democratic set up.BJP MP Kirti Azad said, \"It has come to such a situation that in this country, nowadays anybody can speak anything and get away with it.\"No one seems to be in any control. However, I am surprised that Ramdev made such remarks. I can be termed as criminal too as I had violated Section 144 of CrPC while protesting against power cuts. But I did not expect such remarks from him,\" he said.Congress MP Jagadambika Pal said character assassination of Parliament and parliamentarians is not acceptable.(Inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12958888", "title": "Five Vidarbha farmers kill self; 332 suicides this year", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra Day celebrations on Tuesday were marred by reports of five more farmers from the Vidarbha committing suicide in the last three days. Farm activists and those demanding the creation of a separate state of Vidarbha have blamed the continuing neglect by the state government for the seemingly unending agrarian crisis in this cotton belt.Call it a quirk of political destiny: Vidarbha merged into Maharashtra which came into existence on May 1, 1960. The then Congress government reorganized it as a matter of political expediency. \"Ever since, Vidarbha has lagged behind in development while western Maharashtra has prospered with all the political patronage. It has seen revolutionary industrial growth in the Pune-Mumbai-Nashik belts,\" said BJP MLA Devendra Fadnavis.As a matter of fact, 11 districts of Vidarbha are untouched by industrial development and depend on farming that gives poor returns as it relies solely on rain. Irrigation facilities in the region are abysmal.Cotton is the preferred cash crop of the region especially in western Vidarbha's districts of Yavatmal, Amravati, Akola, Buldhana and Washim where water availability is the worst, causing recurring crop losses. Adding to the cotton growers' woes are market uncertainties and rising input costs after the arrival of genetically modified Bt seeds that are a rage among farmers. Unable to bear the debt burden, distressed farmers end their lives leaving their families to fend for themselves.Tuesday's reports said farmers Ramdas Dhale of Chicholi village, Ajabrao Meshram of Shivani and Ramanna Pedkulwar of Aril in Yavatmal district, Parvatibai Kadel of Poharadevi in Washim district and Shriram Kakad of Sategaon in Amaravati district ended their lives. According to Kishore Tiwari of Vidarbha Janandolan Samiti, 332 farmers have committed suicide this year. But officials differ on these numbers and nearly half the cases seeking government compensation are rejected every year.According to Tiwari, the government has failed to implement the Rs 2,000 crore relief package announced by the state six months ago for cotton and soyabean growers of the region. He said agriculture minister Balasaheb Vikhe Patil has admitted that cotton output has dropped to 45 lakh bales this year compared to last year's 85 lakh bales. Adding to the economic distress is the falling price of the fibre, which ruled at over Rs 6,000 a quintal last year to around Rs 4,000 this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12957906", "title": "City girl to receive national award", "text": "CHANDIGARH: City girl Vivitsa Kohli, who won the national level prize in painting in Tagore Competition organized by INTACH at the Strawberry Fields World School, Sector 26, in February, is all set to attend felicitation ceremony for the same at Shantiniketan in West Bengal.Vivitsa, 16, is studying in Class XI in Bhavan Vidyalaya. Her creativity was recognized at a tender age due to a lot of exposure to the world of art by her mother, who is an interior designer. Vivitsa has covered everything from basic sketching to intricate water painting with years of practice. Currently, she is working on figure drawing with special emphasis on learning the techniques on facial expressions as shown in her work which has been selected for receiving this great honour at Shankti Niketan. Her aim is to get admission in NID, Ahmedabad.According to her mother, she has inborn talent. \"We are inculcating the best of art in her so that she channelizes her talent and energy towards her passion which she will finally adopt as her profession in the coming years,\" she said. Adding to her mother statement, Vivitsa said, \"I am thankful to my principal, teacher and parents for their support and motivation in all ways. Without learning the basics from my art teacher, I wouldn't have reached so far. Hence, I am thankful to all who are connected to me in my pursuit to achieve excellence.\"According to INTACH convener V K Kapoor, Vivitsa is an all-rounder who has been doing well in extra curriculum activities and academics as well. She will be accompanied by her parents for the award ceremony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12966869", "title": "Driver guilty of drunk driving asked to assist traffic police", "text": "NEW DELHI: An auto driver, sentenced to seven days in jail for driving in an inebriated condition, has instead been directed by Delhi court to assist the police at a busy traffic signals here for five days.Additional Sessions Judge S C Rajan has asked Inderpuri resident Mohan Lal to report to the South West area DCP (traffic) in morning for five days for assisting the traffic police at busy traffic signals.\"Seven days is modified and now the appellant (Lal) is directed to report to the DCP (traffic) South West District, at his office at 9 a.m. in the morning who will depute him to assist the traffic police official on duty at any busy traffic red light under his jurisdiction in managing/diverting traffic from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. for five days with effect from May 2, 2012,\" the court said.Lal had come to the sessions court seeking leniency after a magisterial court in February sentenced him to seven days in jail and a fine of Rs 2,000 for driving his three Wheeler in an inebriated state without a valid insurance.Lal and his counsel pleaded to ASJ Rajan that \"he would not repeat it in the future and would also do a social work\".He also said that to save the precious time of the court he pleaded guilty.He and his counsel even folded their hands while pleading against the jail term.Considering his plea for leniency for the sake of his family and young children, the court said Lal is a first time offender.\"He has no criminal record. Keeping in view the facts and circumstances of the case and antecedents of the appellant, it would meet the ends of justice if Lal is given and opportunity to mend himself and learn the norms of civic society,\" it said.Lal was caught driving his auto under the influence of alcohol on February 13 while going towards Patel Nagar in Central Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "12958164", "title": "Saligao's Salmona spring to receive a fresh lease of life", "text": "CALANGUTE: The popular Salmona spring in Saligao is set to receive a fresh lease of life soon.Speaking to TOI, tourism minister Dilip Parulekar, who is also the local MLA, said he will ensure that the rejuvenation of the spring, which he had initiated during his last term as MLA, will be completed soon. \"Around 2,200 sq m of land has already been acquired by the department of tourism,\" he said.\"Work on around 1,600 sq m comprising the actual spring and the water tank has already been completed. Now, the work on the remaining beautification plans costing around 25 lakh will be completed,\" he added.More important than the beautification plans, which will only be cosmetic, the tourism minister hopes to rejuvenate and revitalize the water which has become polluted due to leachate flowing from the garbage dump up on the Saligao hill, behind the spring. \"Right now, one is not permitted to bathe in the spring. The water is contaminated. We're waiting for the garbage dumping site to be shifted to another place. The Calangute panchayat has already given an undertaking in the high court that they're going to shift the site to another spot. When that happens, the water should become clean again,\" Parulekar said.Earlier, during his previous stint as the Saligao MLA, although he was in the opposition, Parulekar had persuaded the PWD water resources department to beautify the spring and its decayed surroundings. The old concrete structure housing the spring had been replaced with an aesthetic tank made of exposed laterite stones, according to a plan drawn up by architect Dean D'Cruz, who is also a resident of Saligao. The renovated structure had been inaugurated on May 9, 2011, by current sarpanch Lucas Remedios.The spring, which lies at the foot of a small hill, is a popular picnic spot with people from Saligao and the neighbouring villages of Calangute, etc. In recent years, a number of new dwellings have come up in the vicinity of the spring. Not much open space has been left except in the immediate vicinity of the spring. The hill slopes at the rear of the spring are free from constructions, which still make the spring a very scenic spot.\"The MLA should also acquire the illegal house and property next to the spring and demolish it,\" said D'Cruz.However, the acquisition proceedings are pending in court. Another local resident and activist Mario Mascarenhas, who has been fighting to conserve the spring in its natural state since the late 1980s, said, \"In the late '80s, we drove away the tourism department which wanted to put the spot on the North Goa tourist belt by building all kinds of facilities for tourists. We don't want any structures to be built there, but want it preserved in its natural condition. It should remain open. If they want to build a changing room, then it should only have a roof and should be open, as otherwise people will come and misuse it for things like drinking etc.\"Mascarenhas first swung into action when hippies 'discovered' the spot in the 1980s. \"Hippies used to come and bathe in the nude and take drugs there, which we stopped,\" he recalls. \"All these kind of things cannot go on here,\" he adds, welcoming the tourism minister's efforts to revitalize the spring.D'Cruz, expressing happiness over the revitalization plan, said, \"Nothing should be done in terms of building structures around the spring. The landscaping should not be done with species of trees which are alien to the area, but they should use native species which are already a part of the habitat because birds and other creatures use them for feeding, nesting, etc.\"Reacting to the new initiative, Saligao resident Premakant Aldonkar said, \"We want a green area. They should not allow any more houses to be built there. If there is a garden or something like that on the slope it will look good.\"Echoing his views, another resident visiting the spring, Milroy Henriques, said, \"The garbage dump on the hill should be shifted. The water should be kept clean and unpolluted because people come here to have a bath.\"A resident staying almost next to the spring, requesting anonymity, said, \"It's good that people are visiting. There should be a few facilities for bathing, like a changing room perhaps, but also not too much. We want the area to be green.\"The spot is also popular with bird-watching enthusiasts. A regular visitor to the spot who did not wish to be named, said the surrounding hillside is a good place to sight the paradise flycatcher, golden chloropsis, sunbirds, nightjars, babblers, parakeets and many more. But the bird count has been declining in recent years because of the pollution caused by the garbage dump, bird-watchers say.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12957106", "title": "Tiwari must abide by HC order and take DNA test: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former Andhra Pradesh governor N D Tiwari on Tuesday found no solace from the Supreme Court, which said he had no option but to comply with the Delhi High Court order directing him to undergo DNA test in a paternity suit filed by Rohit Shekhar.A bench of Justices Aftab Alam and C K Prasad said Tiwari's appeal against an earlier order of the HC, which had directed him to give blood samples for the paternity test, was still pending but the apex court had not given any stay.It said if the former UP chief minister continued to disobey the HC orders, then the HC would be free to initiate contempt proceedings against him. The bench asked, \"What is the problem with giving your blood test? You will be vindicated this way.\"Shekhar had filed the paternity suit in the HC claiming to be fathered by Tiwari. The senior Congress leader repeatedly refused to give blood samples to help test the veracity of Shekhar's claim. But now, with the apex court posting the matter for further hearing on November 8, there is little Tiwari can do to avoid compliance with the HC order.The bench pointed out to Tiwari's counsel that the apex court had refused to stay the HC order on March 18 last year. \"It means that you have to comply with the high court order... We make it clear that pendency of special leave petition will not stand in the way of the high court order in any manner,\" the SC clarified.Shekhar's counsel P S Patwalia indicated initiating contempt proceedings against Tiwari while the Congress leader's counsel Sushil Kumar Jain wanted to argue the legal point.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12960684", "title": "Collectors to check farms leased for illegal units", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Alarmed by this revelation, GPCB shot off letters to all district collectors, asking them to keep a check on farmers leasing out their farms for setting up illegal chemical units.\"Such illegal activities do not come to the notice of GPCB as they are going on in non-industrialized areas and remote places. The acidic polluted effluents discharged by these units are not only hazardous for agriculture, but also polluting the underground water in these areas,\" the regulator wrote.Owners of these illegal chemical units mainly manufactured copper sulphate, zinc sulphate and silica gel. GPCB officials told TOI that the owners used to procure copper and zinc scrap as well as acid drums in large quantity. The scrap was then mixed with acids and processed thoroughly. The liquid residue was discharged into the fields.According to officials, the discharge was highly acidic and had the potential to destroy aquatic life if it got mixed with any water body near the farms. The manufactured chemicals were sold in open market in north Gujarat .Sources also said that many villages where these units had come up were notorious and no one dared to stop such activity there. \"We had to take help of local villagers to raid these places,\" a senior GPCB official said.Meanwhile, GPCB has considerably increased its presence across the state. \"Earlier, it was difficult for us to get information about any such illegal activity that was polluting the environment going on in remote areas of the state. We did not have enough staff. Ahmedabad office used to handle five districts,\" member secretary, GPCB, said.\"However, in the last two years, eight new regional offices have been opened and we are present virtually in all districts. As a result, the response time to complaints has reduced considerably,\" Shah said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12958142", "title": "Jawaharlal Nehru University develops antibodies to fight anthrax infection", "text": "NEW DELHI: The School of Biotechnology at Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU) has developed therapeutic antibodies that can fight anthrax infection. The antibodies that were recently tested on mice proved to be successful but it may take longer to develop the same on a human model.The anthrax vaccine, which was also developed by the same department a couple of years ago, is currently undergoing phase 2 human trials. Professor Rakesh Bhatnagar, lead scientist for both the projects, says that research in developing antibodies is important because anthrax is a potential bio-terrorism weapon.\"India, US, France and UK are all in a race to develop the first anthrax vaccine. Who will have it first will only depend on when they manage to complete all three human trials. One of the important reasons for developing the vaccine is its bio-threat. In 2001 we saw how anthrax can be used by enemies to kill people. Inhaling the bacteria will lead to death in 99% of cases,\" Bhatnagar said.The therapeutic antibody developed at JNU was a Department of Science and Technology (DST) funded project of about Rs 1.7 crore. It took the team about three years to develop it for a mouse model. They will now start working on a human model.\"Anthrax outbreaks happen mostly in forest areas where they spread from animals that had contracted the infection. The antibodies will help in dealing with such cases, too. It may take us five more years to have the antibodies cleared by all the regulatory checks,\" he added.Once the anthrax vaccine completes all human trials, it can be given to humans as annual booster shots to keep them immunized. The team has also developed the vaccine for animals but it is yet to be commercially launched.The team presently conducts research in a biosafety level 3 (BSL3) facility where the air continuously gets filtered. They also have biosafety cabinets which keep them further protected from contracting the infection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12956638", "title": "No forest officials to man green cover in Andhra Pradesh", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state's expansive forest area has just about a handful of officers manning it on the site as the top-heavy department's officers remain located in the air-conditioned environs of Aranya Bhavan, the forest department's head office.For every 2,500 sq km of forest area, Andhra Pradesh has just one district forest officer (DFO) present at the site. Of them, only 12 DFOs are currently posted in the state's 45 territorial divisions with 33 still lying vacant. Worse, there is no field director still assigned to the recently declared Kawal Tiger Reserve that even suffers from a dearth of trained wildlife officers. While these figures indicate a severe crunch in the number of on-the-field staffers in the forest department, the number of senior officials seems to be fast bloating.At present, there are no less than 89 (approx) top officers sitting within the four-walls of the city headquarters at Saifabad. Here's a rough break up: The department has three principal chief conservator of forests (PCCF), two special PCCFs, about 53 additional principal chief conservator of forests (APPCF) and 31chief conservator of forests ( CCF). While these numbers have gone up manifold over the last few years, the strength of range officers (posted in the forest belts) has dropped by close to 50%. As against 600 until recently, the department has just about 350 such staffers now. The services of 180 state service officers (non-IFS) too are being 'wasted' by stagnating them at the toothless sub-DFO offices.\"About three of the five forest divisions in Khammam have no regular DFOs for over 9-10 months now. This is a matter of concern as the belt is vulnerable to illegal activities,\" said a senior forest official revealing how no efforts are being made to fill these gaps. Intriguingly, of the 281 sq km of forest cover lost in AP in the last two years, 182 sq km falls under Khammam district. \"Instead, new positions are created every day at the top level to fit in more APPCFs and CCFs. These officers should be shifted to forest areas for better management of our green belts,\" the official said quoting the arrangement followed in states like Tamil Nadu and Kerala where not more than 1,000 sq km of forest area is manned by a DFO.\"We had predicted such an over-crowding almost 20 years ago. There is a need to restructure the department to have more staffers in the forest belts,\" said Sarvottam Rao, a former official of the department. Echoing Rao's concerns, environmentalists said that that the lack of field staffers had left crucial wildlife belts in the state such as Papikonda, Eturnagaram or even Pakhal to die a slow death of neglect.Forest officials, though worried, claim that the situation is unavoidable. Blaming it on the faulty recruitment procedure of the central government, they say that the department is severely short-staffed at the junior level. \"Officers who had joined the services a decade or so ago have all been promoted to senior level. As there have been close to no recruitments for a long time after that, they aren't many people in the mid or junior level who can be posted in the field. We can do little about it,\" said Hitesh Malhotra, PCCF, and head of the state forest department. He argued that the situated was much the same in other departments of AP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12960766", "title": "Maximum temperature in Bhopal to rise", "text": "BHOPAL: Mercury in the state capital rose to 30.6 degrees Celsius as the temperature in towns neighbouring the city went up to 41 degrees C. Weathermen predict that temperature in the city will go up in the coming days. \"The absence of clouds or any system would lead to increase in maximum temperature\", informed D P Dubey, director meteorological department Bhopal circle.The maximum at Indore stood at 38.8 while 23.4 was recorded as the minimum. Gwalior recorded a maximum of 38.3 degrees whereas 23.0 remained as the minimum there.tnnhe maximum temperature at Jabalpur was recorded at 40.0 degrees C against the minimum of 23.6 degrees C.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12957707", "title": "Widow files plaint against brother-in-law", "text": "NASHIK: A 34-year-old widow has lodged a complaint against her brother-in-law for fraudulently withdrawing money from her deceased husband's bank account through the ATM card.The complainant Chhaya Patil of Abhiyanta Nagar, Kamatwade, has said that her brother in law Sharad Dinkar Patil, resident of Buldhana district, fraudulently withdrew money from her deceased husband's bank account from an ATM centre.The money was withdrawn from some HDFC ATM between March 8 and March 10. Soon after noticing the breach of trust by her brother-in-law, the woman lodged a complaint against him at the Ambad police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12957696", "title": "Court allows Jaya Jaitly to visit Singapore", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former Samata Party president Jaya Jaitly, facing trial for allegedly taking Rs 2 lakh as bribe in December 2000 to recommend a fictitious defence deal, was on Tuesday allowed by a trial court to visit Singapore for a week.Special CBI judge Kanwaljeet Arora allowed Jaitly's plea to visit Singapore from May 30 to June 8 to attend a panel discussion on 'Smith Women Leading Change: Asia 2012' on furnishing a surety bond of Rs 3 lakh in the form of fixed deposit receipts of a bank.While allowing her plea, the court asked her not to extend her stay in Singapore. \"Balancing the twin interest of justice to be done at the earliest on one hand and right to carry on her avocation and to facilitate her to participate in the discussion on the other hand, the present application filed by accused Jaya Jaitly is allowed,\" the court said.Jaitly, along with her erstwhile party colleague Gopal Pacherwal and retired Maj Gen S P Murgai, is facing trial for allegedly conspiring with each other for \"accepting bribe\" to obtain the supply order of defence equipment in favour of a private firm.She had sought permission for release of her passport and to attend the panel discussion in Singapore.Jaitly's counsel Vipin Tyagi submitted that she was a social activist and had been granted such permission earlier also and never misused the relief.The lawyer further said during the period, Jaitly will be represented by a counsel and will not seek any adjournment on account of her unavailability. The CBI, however, opposed Jaitly's plea saying she may flee if permitted to travel abroad and the proceedings of the case would be hampered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12956654", "title": "22-year-old gang-raped in Borivli", "text": "MUMBAI: Three men allegedly raped a 22-year-old woman in the presence of her husband after threatening him with a knife in Borivli (W) on Monday. The MHB Colony police have arrested Harish alias Jitu Nagin (25) and Sunny Singh (23), while the third rapist has yet to be traced.A court on Tuesday remanded the accused to police custody till May 4.The victim lived at Ganpatpatil Nagar along with her husband, while the accused who lived in the vicinity, were known to her by face.The accused used to harass her and passing lewd comments but she did not report the matter to the police.The three barged into her residence while she and her husband were asleep at 11 pm on Monday. They assaulted the husband and when the victim screamed for help, they threatened to kill him. The accused took the husband to a corner of the room after threatening him with the knife and told her that they would kill him if she protested. The accused then allegedly raped her one after the other.Before leaving the residence, the accused threatened the two of dire consequences if they complained about the incident. But the shocked couple decided to approach the police for help. The MHB Colony police recorded their statement early on Tuesday.A police team searched the area and nabbed two of the accused from their hideouts. One of those arrested has a criminal record.The victim was taken to the police hospital in Nagpada for a medical examination and an initial report confirmed rape. She married in 2007 and was living in Borivli for two years. The couple did not have any child.The police, who are yet to recover the knife, said the victim's neighbours heard a commotion but they did not help and have refused to become witnesses too. The accused did not have any enmity with the victim, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12958056", "title": "Nitin Gadkari 'meets' Nagpur Municipal Corporation officials, office bearers", "text": "NAGPUR: Continuing to 'guide' officials and office bearers of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), BJP national president Nitin Gadkari on Tuesday expressed unhappiness over the slow pace of cement roads project. Convening a meeting of NMC officials and BJP office bearers at his residence on Tuesday, Gadkari directed municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal to issue show cause notice to the private company assigned the project.Giving special attention to NMC, where BJP-led Nagpur Vikas Aghadi is ruling, Gadkari held a review meeting of the new body at his residence at Gadkari wada, Mahal. Jaiswal, additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare, mayor Anil Sole, leader of ruling party Praveen Datke, chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari and MLAs Krishna Khopde, Sudhakar Deshmukh and Vikas Kumbhare were present in the meeting.This was the first time Gadkari has convened a meeting of officials and office bearers at his residence. In the past, Gadkari has held meetings at Ravi Bhavan if officials were asked to be present. Interestingly, Jaiswal and Kumbhare did not use their official vehicles to go to the Gadkari residence, but used private vehicles. The meeting went on for four hours.Under the 250km cement roads project, NMC had undertaken the first phase to construct 26km cement roads at a cost of Rs 101.19 crore. Under the first phase, 26 sections of 20 roads were to be converted from tar to cement. All of the roads are very busy roads with width varying from 18 to 30 meters.As per the work order dated June 6, 2011, the private company - M/s Unity Infra Projects Ltd - was to construct 26km cement road in 12 months, i.e. by June 6, 2012. Shockingly, not a single kilometre road has been completed with just two months remaining for the deadline as well as the monsoon.Sources told TOI that Gadkari has taken serious cognisance of the slow pace of works and asked officials and office bearers to monitor the works regularly to ensure completion in given period, with good quality work. \"Gadkari also asked them to start the process of developing five hospitals on BOT or other basis following increase in FSI. Sole said he had already issued a letter in this regard. Gadkari also asked officials to expedite the work of 24X7 water supply project,\" said sources.NMC had proposed to develop five multi-speciality hospitals by demolishing existing old hospitals at Imambada, Pachpaoli, Sadar, Indora and Dharampeth. The proposal was in limbo following reduction in FSI by the government.Confirming the presence of officials and office bearers at the meeting, Datke told TOI Gadkari also reviewed water supply and other projects. \"Gadkari asked us to expedite works undertaken under JNNURM, especially overhead water tanks. He also asked us to start operation of five tanks that are ready,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "man let off with mild punishment after 14-yr trial", "code": "12957945", "title": "Illegal liquor: Man pleads guilty after 14-yr-long trial, let off with day-long detention", "text": "Man let off with mild punishment after 14-yr trial: A man who faced trial for 14 years, along with three others, after being caught with illegal liquor has been let off by a trial court with a mild punishment of standing in the court for the day. Metropolitan Magistrate (MM) Sandeep Garg let off convict Ranbir Singh with mild punishment of day-long detention till rising of the court (TRC), saying he has been facing the trial for last 14 years and has a family to look after. The man had pleaded guilty.On August 16, 1997, Ranbir Singh, Virender Singh, Suresh Kumar and Sukhdev Rathi were caught with 2,820 bottles of illicit liquor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12965717", "title": "Salman's gift to Kabir Khan", "text": "Salman Khan has added his Ek Tha Tiger-director, Kabir Khan and his wife Mini Mathur in his best pals list. The actor showered his love by gifting them something special.Salman and Kabir have bonded well and became best friends during the shooting of Ek Tha Tiger. According to a unit hand, Salman is fond of Kabir and his wife and surprised them with a pair of wrist watches from Being Human's new collection.The couple loved them and felt special with Salman's gesture. Before this, Salman invited Kabir and the entire unit of Ek Tha Tiger to his Panvel farm house and played the perfect host. He even treated the entire unit with some great good food over the weekend.Kabir is confident about Salman and thinks no other actor would have suited the role of Tiger. Promotions of the film will begin with the teaser launch on May 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12959025", "title": "I jumped, swam for my life, says survivor of Assam ferry tragedy", "text": "GUWAHATI: Abubakkar Siddiqui never thought he'd survive this storm. A passenger on the ferry that capsized in the Brahmaputra on Monday, this schoolteacher swam to safety and was fished out of the water by locals. He is one of the lucky few to have survived the tragedy.Packed with passengers, the ferry had started from Dhubri town's Kachari Ghat around 2.30pm in fair weather. \"There were easily more than 300 people on that boat,\" he recalls. It was cramped but the journey was uneventful for the first two hours or so. Then the weather turned. \"Sheets of rain came down and a fearsome thunderstorm rose,\" he says. But even that didn't alarm Siddiqui. \"Rough weather and rain are normal in these parts,\" he says. He lives in Fakirganj and \"the ferry and mechanized boats are the only transport.\"Suddenly, the storm became merciless and the rain blinding. \"Everyone on the boat got scared and began shouting for help. \"I was sitting on the roof. As the rain beat down and strong gusts of wind buffeted the vessel, it began rattling,\" he says. \"Just as we were about to touch the shore, the boatman hit a concrete structure. I jumped off and swam to the bank. Later, some people pulled me out from the water,\" he says.The boat banged into a concrete spar, which was erected at a distance from the bank to stop erosion. \"The roof of the ferry collapsed and that, I believe, trapped most of the passengers,\" he recounts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "johdpur", "code": "12957103", "title": "Wrong blood lands child in ICU", "text": "JOHDPUR: A three-year-old child had a close shave with death when an unmatched blood was administered to him at Umaid Hospital here on Monday night. He had to be instantly admitted to the ICU following the reaction of the unmatched blood. Though the child is still in the ICU, he is stated to be out of danger. The hospital administration has decided that in future, blood will be administered only in the presence of a senior doctor at night in case of an emergency.On the other hand, the hospital administration has denied administering unmatched blood to the child but, however, said that the mistake was spotted at the eleventh hour before the blood could be administered and was removed immediately. \"It was a procedural mistake on the part of the doctor on duty, who administered the blood and we will take action against him,\" said superintendent of hospital, N K Chhangani.According to him, the child, Aditya, was under treatment for bronco-pneumonia and was admitted to Unit No. 4 of the hospital for the past four days. \"He had his hemoglobin at 7.2 and was in a stable condition, where he did not require any blood,\" said Chhangani.However, a resident doctor on duty had the ticket of a one-year-old Laxmi with blood group A+, who was prescribed blood administration. Mistaking this ticket with that of Aditya, he administered A+ group to Aditya, who was actually B+.According to the family members of Aditya, within 5 minutes of administering the blood, his condition worsened and the doctor and other staff immediately removed the blood, realizing the mistake. Unit head Anurag Singh also rushed to the spot and Aditya was immediately shifted to the ICU, where doctors had a tough time bringing him back to normalcy.Principal of S N Medical College R K Aseri said that it was a mistake and a factual report was sought in the matter. It will be followed by stern action against the erring staff on duty including the resident doctor, he said.He said that the child is out of danger and the senior doctors are constantly keeping a watch on him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12964193", "title": "Parliamentary panel recommends separate exam for IPS", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sinch many people join Indian Police Service (IPS) only when they don't get their choice of jobs in civil services - specifically Indian Administrative Service (IAS) or Indian Foreign Service ( IFS), a Parliamentary panel has pitched for exploring the possibility of conducting a separate examination of IPS where the \"attitude and aptitude\" of aspirants must be thoroughly tested so that the quality of 'service' may not be compromised.The Panel - Standing Committee on Home Affairs - in its report table in Parliament during the ongoing Budget session has put a question mark on the current examination system, observing that such 'reluctant' entrants into the IPS may not do justice with their policing jobs.It said: \"The people aspiring for IPS do not know whether they will get into this or not. In the same way, the people not interested in IPS, do not know whether they will get IPS or other services...It has been seen that people who do not like policing get into IPS\".The matter had come up for discussion during the committee meeting last month when Union home secretary R K Singh listened to the participants' concerns and promised to look into their suggestions.In his observation, Singh said: \"We can try and recruit only people who have an orientation and commitment for that (policing jobs). An officer may have an orientation for policing, but, at the same time, he may want to appear for examination for getting some services which, in his eyes, is better\".The home ministry in its written reply to the committee - comprising 10 MPs from Rajya Sabha and 31 from Lok Sabha - later submitted that \"the suggestion of separate selection process for IPS will be examined\".Incidentally, Singh himself had first got into the IPS after clearing Civil Services Examination (CSE) in early 1970s. He had appeared in the examination again in the subsequent year and got selected for prestigious IAS.However, many IPS officers are not that lucky and have to be in police service against their wish - resulting in some of them end up always lobbying hard for getting 'non-policing' job with the help of their leaders.The issue was discussed in the Parliamentary Committee - chaired by BJP Rajya Sabha member M Venkaiah Naidu - in the context of huge shortage of IPS officers in many states at the time when country needs their adequate strength to face various internal security challenges including terrorism and naxalism. The home secretary had informed the committee on April 4 that there was a shortage of as many as 1,300 IPS officers in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12957729", "title": "Making space for sparrows in our homes, and hearts", "text": "NAGPUR: Remember the exasperation caused by the persistent sparrow pair building its nest behind that old photo frame hung on the wall? No matter how many times you cleaned it up, it would start again. That exasperation is no longer there. Nor are the house sparrows, or their nests.Various organisations have raised alarm over the fact that common house sparrows are no longer common and no longer in our homes. Bombay Natural History Society (BNHS) has even started an online data collection programme to gather information about sparrow sighting.Many bird lovers have blamed modern architecture for the decline of house sparrows. They say it is characterised by high rises and glass panels that rob sparrows of their traditional spaces. \"These birds are found near human habitation. That is why they are called house sparrows. With the box type construction of homes nowadays, the scope for them to build nests has reduced drastically,\" said Pramod Kanetkar, secretary, Indian Society for Animal-Human Welfare (iSAW).He added that earlier there used to be many openings in homes where these sparrows could make their nests, but now they have reduced. iSAW is now making nesting huts to help the situation. \"We have got many calls from the people who bought our nests informing us about successful nesting,\" Kanetkar said.Amol Khante, director, CAC All-rounder, said, \"changes in architecture have affected sparrow nesting. There are no ventilators through which these birds could come in and fly out. With ACs and houses that are compact, they cannot even enter our homes.\"Earlier owing to high ceilings and low fans, the birds could fly in and out of the house without any danger, today that has changed. The nooks and corners in the houses no longer provide a cozy home to these birds. The photo frames which used to be hanged at an angle earlier are now stuck flat to the wall depriving the birds of another nesting place. Many such places where sparrows used to nest are no longer available, thus driving the birds out of our homes.Now many bird lovers are trying to rectify this. \"I have carved out a wild, inedible variety of bitter gourd and hung them around my house. Many birds have nested in it, even laying eggs,\" said Himanshu Bagde, a bird lover. He said in the absence of old-fashioned houses with 'kavelu's' and high beams on which these birds made nests, taking such steps was the only way. \"With a little effort and some creativity, we can help get these birds come back in our lives,\" Bagde said.\"We put up nesting boxes wherever we go camping and have seen birds settle down in them. Before we make spaces for sparrows in our home, it is important we make a little space for them in our hearts,\" Khante said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12957051", "title": "Gujjars warn of treading Reds\u2019 route", "text": "JAIPUR: The Gujjar Aarakshan Sangharsh Samiti has threatened a Naxal like movement in the state if their demand for a quota in government jobs is not met.According to Himmat Singh, spokesperson of the samiti, \"The government had sought two days' time when we met energy minister Jitendra Singh on the morning of April 19 at his residence. We have granted them much more. But by Wednesday, if there is no answer from the government, we will be forced to begin our agitation. This time our agitation in the state will be on the lines of Naxalite movement.\"He indicated that the agitation would focus on blocking of railway lines and roads specifically in a bid to stop economic activity in the state.Gujjar leader Kirori Singh Bainsla along with other community leaders on April 19 had staged a dharna at the Civil Lines residence of Singh demanding an 'on-the-spot answer' on the community's quota demand. Bainsla had declared that the Gujjar youths were 'getting impatient' signaling of a 'Naxalite-like situation' in the state.Bainsla ended his sit-in only after repeated requests by the minister that chief minister Ashok Gehlot should be granted some more time to resolve the matter, but he said he and his supporters would return on May 2 for a final response. The Gujjar leader said the community would launch an agitation if the government did not spell out the exact date from which the quota in government jobs and educational institutes would come into force.\"Representatives from our community along with those from the Raikas, Banjaras and Garia Lohars, all of whom have been included under the special backward classes, will meet the minister in the morning. And if the government fails to confirm our quota we will resume our agitations,\" said Singh.\"The government with its excesses on youths from our community is forcing us to adopt a Naxal-like attitude. There are 605 cases against youths from our community and the state has claimed that it has spent Rs 33 crore on us. We fail to understand why the state is still holding on to its decision when the quantified data survey has been completed,\" he wondered.Himmat Singh hinted that though the call for agitation would be given on Wednesday if the government failed to allot them a quota in government jobs but Bainsla has already made it clear earlier that the agitation in the state would begin only after May 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12957634", "title": "Fake insurance claims may invite police action", "text": "MUMBAI: Filing a fraudulent health insurance claim can now land a policyholder in the police's crosshairs. The New India Assurance Company Ltd has cancelled about 30 mediclaim policies in the last six months after an internal investigation revealed that these policyholders were paid against bogus claims. The insurer is now considering registering first information reports against the policyholders and the colluding agents for forgery and cheating.There are also signs that other public sector insurers may follow New India Assurance's suit and cancel policies instead of merely repudiating false claims. \"There is pressure from the finance ministry to emulate the example set by New India Assurance Company,\" said an industry insider, \"since insurance firms are within their rights to take these steps, which are in the ambit of law.\"Industry sources said the severe punishment has been necessitated by the adverse claim ratio that the public insurers suffer. The ratio describes when the sum of claims made before an insurance company exceed its premium revenues. In 2010-11, statistics show, all four public sector insurers were paying more claims than earning premium. New India Assurance's adverse claims ratio, for instance, was about 102% in 2010-11.A New India Assurance senior official said, \"We have started cancelling policies of holders who breached the company's trust. A show-cause notice was issued to them to give them a fair chance to explain their stand. When they failed to provide a convincing reply, the policies were revoked.\" The policyholders' deception ranged from fraud to misrepresentation or suppression of facts. The official added that more policies will be cancelled in the coming months under the fraud and abuse control measures of the company.Industry experts said it may be difficult for the penalized policyholders to switch to a different insurer's plan since \"no company, whether private or public, likes to offer services to people with a bad track record\".A claims investigator said that of all the mediclaim claims an insurer receives between 25% and 30% are manipulated. And of these, about 10% are outright fraudulent. Due to this widespread con, according to one estimate, the industry loses about Rs 500 crore every year. By punishing the tricksters severely now, the insurers are attempting to set a precedent and, thereby, correct the claims ratio. \"Our action in the past was limited to repudiating the claim if we suspected foul play,\" said the New India Assurance official. \"But strong measures are needed now to weed out the people who defraud the industry.\"Times ViewInsurers have iterated for some time that bogus claims are a huge menace and bleed them dry; they have backed up their claims with numbers. Consumer rights protection groups, however, say they have many more examples of harassment by insurance firms. Both sides may have a point. Insurers have the right to take stringent action against policyholders who file false claims but need to be more sensitive to the needs of the genuine claimant. Running around and spending time just to recover the rightful insurance sum is an entirely avoidable trauma when someone from the family is in hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12956546", "title": "House surgeons doctor internship certificates", "text": "HYDERABAD: An internship scam has come to light at the state-run Gandhi Hospital. As many as 40 house surgeons from private medical colleges who chose to do their one-year mandatory internship at Gandhi were found to have forged signatures of various department heads in their log books to get the internship certificates. And this is turning out to be just the tip of the iceberg as sources disclosed that for several years now, Gandhi has for this reason been a hot favorite for doing internship for MBBS students of private colleges not only from AP but also neighbouring states.Dr S Mahaboob, surgeon, who took over as superintendent of Gandhi Hospital recently, stumbled upon his own signature that was forged on log books. Subsequently, the log books of these students were sent to the HODs for verification and the large-scale fraud came to light.A postgraduate student disclosed that a man operating from Malakpet had become popular among students for forging signatures perfectly. An artist, he is said to be running the racket and has a database of signatures of all the doctors as well as stamps of various departments.During the last academic year, 312 medicos from private colleges had joined Gandhi. The 40 students who were caught are from the same batch. In fact, officials said that actually 140 students had erred but 40 committed serious violations. For now, all the students who were caught have been asked to repeat their postings. \"We have also started enrolling the medicos in the biometric identification system database to set things right from this academic year. However, many students are delaying the registration process,\" Dr S Mahaboob said. Further, the log books would be maintained by the departments and not the students.It is the unholy nexus with the lower rung staff at the hospital that has made the rigorous training process a cakewalk for medicos. At least 75% of the students from private medical colleges have been reportedly walking away with certificates giving the comprehensive training a go by forging signatures on log books.Annually, 400 students from private colleges do their internships at Gandhi and Osmania Hospital. A significant number of them get NOCs only to cash in on the premier image of the hospitals considering their heavy workload. \"It's a big fraud. After coming here, they do not bother to attend the training. This is a gross violation of the Medical Council of India ( MCI ) guidelines as they are supposed to do their internship for a year,\" said a senior professor.An intern, as part of the house surgeonship, is posted in all the clinical departments of the hospital on a rotation basis including surgery, gynaecology, orthopaedics, anesthesia, psychiatry, paediatrics, family welfare, medicine, social and preventive medicine, ENT/ophthalmology among others. Post training, the respective department heads sign each of their log books.The training gives the basic clinical experience in all the disciplines of medicine and enables them to work as a general physician. However, with students skipping these intern sessions, professors at Gandhi said that the whole purpose is lost. \"The most important certificate in the profession is this internship completion certificate,\" the senior professor said.While Gandhi and Osmania are supposed to admit about 150 students each for internship, the numbers usually go up. The numbers go up as students belonging to high profile families manage to get reference letters from secretaries and ministers. Hospital heads have no option but to buckle under pressure.This academic year, 120 students from other colleges have already been admitted at Gandhi. At Osmania Hospital, that has over 100 house surgeons from outside, the authorities did not rule out a similar situation.\"It's an ocean and not free from recommendations,\" said a senior doctor. If there is some limit on the numbers, there can be a check on them,\" he added. Doctors said that there is pressure from various quarters to avoid being strict with medicos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12956933", "title": "Patients rue insensitivity of hospital staff", "text": "JAIPUR: Learning no lessons from the past cases, the apathetic attitude and callous behavior of the hospital administration with the patients continues at the SMS hospital.Deepak, a 36 year old man who was admitted to ICU on 28th April after he met with an accident has been shifted to polytrauma ward three times despite his critical situation. \"There has been no improvement in his health. But doctors are shifting him from ICU to other ward and whenever situation gets worse they shift him back to ICU\" said Rohit Rai, brother of a patient.\"Instead of supporting us in tough times the supporting staff always frighten us,\" added Rai.Similarly, Ram Singh Jatav, a below poverty card holder and a resident of Deeppura village in Karauli district, is wandering at the SMS hospital, with his 8 year old ailing son for past four months.Doctors told him that his son needs to be operated as he suffering from a kidney failure.\"I was asked to get some test done which were free of cost. But apart from that I have to buy everything on my own,\" said Jatav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12958421", "title": "Good news for parents, Punjab and Haryana high ourt restrains schools from enhancing fee", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high ourt on Tuesday issued directions that no school would enhance the school fee in Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh, without the consent of the education boards to which the schools are affiliated.The bench has also issued directions to ensure that no books other than NCERT were prescribed in Punjab schools.The bench, comprising Justice S K Mittal and Justice T P S Mann, has held that schools must take the education boards into confidence before any fee hike.The bench also directed that schools would submit their profit and loss statement for the past five years to the Central Board of Secondary Education, ICSE or Punjab School Education Board whereever they were affiliated with.The bench also issued directions that no CBSE-affiliated school would prescribe the books published by those other than NCERT.The directions were issued %on three PILs filed on similar issues. One of the petitions had been filed by 10 students from Malerkotla while two other petitioners %are city-based NGOs Anti Corruption and Crime Investigation Cell and All India Crime Preventing Society.The petitioners referred to the directions of the Supreme Court in Modern School vs Union of India, which stated that each school would maintain the account on the principles of non business organisation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12958675", "title": "Former woman cop recruit turns robber, arrested", "text": "CHENNAI: A 30-year-old woman, who discontinued police training in 2003, was arrested by the Peerkankaranai police on Monday for robbing a gold chain from a 72-year-old woman.The colour of her 'chudidar' helped police nab K Hemalatha, who was staying in Kundrathur. \"Beat constable Prem of the Peerkankaranai police helped apprehend her,\" south zone joint commissioner K P Shanmuga Rajeswaran told TOI.Krishnammal, police said, was waiting near a stop in Kundrathur to board a bus bound for Saidapet when Hemalatha approached. She chatted with the older woman and told her they could go to Saidapet together in an autorickshaw. Krishnammal agreed and Hemalatha hailed an auto. However, she took Krishnammal to Sadananthapuram near Peerkankaranai and told her there was a short route to Saidapet. After the auto left, Hemalatha snatched Krishnammal's three-sovereign gold chain.Krishnammal offered some resistance and struggled for a while but the younger woman managed to overpower Krishnammal and ran with the chain towards the main road where she got a lift from a bike rider, police said based on Hemalatha's confession.Krishnammal regained her strength and ran towards the main road crying for help. \"Head constable Prem, who was on patrol duty, saw her coming towards him crying. He questioned her and gathered details about the woman robber and alerted police personnel through the wireless. He then began a search himself,\" Shanmuga Rajeswaran said.At a bus stop near Peerkankaranai, the head constable saw a woman wearing a rose-coloured chudidar, that Krishnammal had mentioned to him in her complaint.Hemalatha, who spotted the policeman first, tried to flee but was nabbed after a brief chase. Police checked her bag and found the stolen gold chain. She was later remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12958349", "title": "Mayfield issues to come up in meeting with Haryana Urban Development Authority chief", "text": "GURGAON: The HUDA administrator will preside over the first meeting on the Mayfield Gardens on May 3 to discuss issues relating to power, infrastructure, water and registration of property.Earlier this year, the project had been taken over by the department of Town and Country Planning (TCP), after the builder defaulted on paying the licence renewal fee running into lakhs of rupees. The director general of TCP, T C Gupta, had finally roped in HUDA for maintaining the project, since the DTCP in Gurgaon was equipped to manage the projects, especially those in which residents are living.The HUDA administrator, Praveen Kumar , said: \"In the meeting all the pertinent issues will be discussed at length with RWAs like maintenance of roads, parks and other infrastructure needs.\" The administrator claimed that the main focus would be to ensure the facilities promised by the builders are made available to the residents.In the meeting, apart from the HUDA administrator, the district town planner, senior town planner and senior town planner (enforcement) will be participating to resolve all the issues.For HUDA, it will not be easy to manage the projects since there are billing problems between different agencies and the colonies. The first issue is how HUDA will collect the maintenance charges from the residents.In HUDA sectors, HUDA gets all the work done and pays to the private contractors. But how it will provide similar services in the colonies of Mayfield Gardens, is yet to be decided. \"These things will be decided when the actual situation is found out like the size of the colonies, the residents, the power and water needs and the infrastructure already in place and the overall money required to maintain them,\" said a senior HUDA official.It is not yet decided as to how long HUDA will be managing the projects but the residents heaved a sigh of relief when the DTCP handed over the colonies to HUDA.In the forthcoming meeting, the RWAs of the colonies are likely to raise the problem of power and water supply being faced by the residents since in the past the DHBVN had disconnected the power supply due to non-payment of bills. \"In the meeting we expect to sort out issues like these. HUDA and DHBVN must coordinate about the power bill aspect,\" said a resident, who did not wish to be named.The RWA is keen to pool in their resources to running security and other facilities. \"The RWA can chip in for arranging the security personnel but for other work like maintaining the power or water lines and developing parks, should be done by the HUDA,\" said another resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12957776", "title": "Stepdad held on girl's complaint", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 12-year-old girl residing in the Vasant Kunj area has lodged a complaint against her stepfather for outraging her modesty. In her statement (a copy is with TOI), the victim said that her father forced her to have a physical relation with him and misbehaved with her when she didn't agree. The stepfather has been arrested.The victim alleged that her father was an alcoholic and retuned home in a drunken state almost daily. She also said that he often passed lewd remarks and made obscene gestures at her. The incident occurred on April 27 when the father forced himself upon the girl while she was sleeping. \"I woke up, pushed him aside and ran to my mother,\" she said.The girl's mother approached an NGO who took the duo to a police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12957688", "title": "Power disruption hits 13,000 across city", "text": "NASHIK: A major chunk of the city suffered a nine -hour power cut on Tuesday when workers the earth movers engaged in widening of the national highway (NH-3) snapped the power cable of a Pathardi power sub-station at 6.30 am on the Maharashtra Day Tuesday.Areas that were affected included Pathardi, Wadner, Wasan Nagar, Rajeev Nagar, Rane Nagar and Indira Nagar areas were left powerless for nine long hours as MSEDCL, the power company, struggled to set the things right.It is believed that one of the workers earth movers working on the the highway for the expansion project of that passes through Nashik at Rane Nagar area, hit the power cable coming from the 33 Kv Pathardi substation at Rane Nagar, forcing its closure. that forced the closure of the substation.\"The power cable snapped at 6.25 am, which affected power feeders to six major areas. leaving the latter powerless. The fault was identified quickly but it took a long time to resolve the issue.\" It did not take much time hardly took time to identify the fault, but the recovery was a long battle,\" said a company official. of the companyNearly 13,000 consumers were affected due to the disruption. because of the power failure.The only respite was being that it was a holiday on account of Maharashtra Day which made the situation less of an emergency.\"On priority-basis the Power supply was restored in all the affected areas phase wise by 3.00 pm in a phased manner,\" an official said. He added that MSEDCL had suffered a huge loss on account of the power failure. \"We checked with highway project workers who claimed that it was were was the Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL)-men who were at work. We are going to raise the issue with NHAI on Wednesday,\" the official said.Meanwhile, when contacted, the BSNL officials in the area, they categorically denied of it was their workers that might have caused the accident.their men being engaged in any activity at that hour.\"Currently we do not have any shifting or construction or laying activity going out in the area. In fact we are the ones who have been hit very hard by NHAI from time to time. The only change this time was the earth mover found electric cable instead of BSNL cable,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12958013", "title": "Gond Gowari moves high court for exclusion from OBC category", "text": "NAGPUR: The Gond Gowari tribe has knocked the doors of the judiciary protesting their inclusion in the common central list of Other Backward Classes (OBC) category. The Nagpur bench of Bombay high court has issued notices to the state ministry of tribal welfare, home affairs and social welfare, along with the commissioner of Tribal Research and Training Institute, National Commission for Backward Class, and Scheduled Tribe Caste Scrutiny Committee. Ram Parsodkar was counsel for the petitioner.A division bench, comprising Bhushan Dharmadhikari and Ashok Bhangale, has asked for a reply within three weeks. The petitioner - joint secretary of Adiwasi Gond Gowari Seva Mandal, Hemraj Neware, demanded the court to set aside the government resolution (GR) passed on April 24, 1985 stating that as the Scheduled Tribe (ST) communities, including Gond Gowari tribe, are taking advantage of reservation, they should not be issued caste certificates. In the same GR, the government had brought them under Special Backward Class (SBC) while derecognizing them from ST.The petitioner has challenged this GR requesting the court to delete the tribe's entry from the OBC category. He has prayed to declare Gond Gowari tribe as ST. He has also insisted for directives to the magistrates throughout the state to issue caste certificates to their community stating that they are a part of the ST. He has asked to instruct the Caste Scrutiny Committee to issue validity certificates to them as well.The Gowari community consists of cattle herders who were referred as the Gond-Gowari in 1916 and described as a small hybrid caste formed by an alliance between the Gonds and Gowaris. They have been listed as the subgroup of the Gond in the Government of India list for ST. The findings, however, reveal that they are a discrete community and not a subgroup of any other tribe. This community figured with the Gond in the list of ST but the government changed their identification to the SBC.The community was listed under ST and had been issued caste certificates, thus, the members are entitled for the concerned benefits and they demand the same in the petition. They have objected to the decision of the government and have regarded their inclusion in OBC category as unconstitutional and a violation of Article 342 of the Constitution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12958372", "title": "Behrampur sewage treatment plant gets The Haryana Urban Development Authority notice", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) has issued notice to a private firm that maintains Behrampur sewage treatment plant (STP) for operational irregularities and underperformance.The notice says that the plant is not run properly and blamed the firm for shifting the liabilities to the authority. Earlier, TOI had reported the irregularities in maintenance of the plant which are damaging the entire system. After this, authorities swung into action and collected samples for testing.The laboratory tests confirmed that the level of toxins in the treated sewer waste is higher than the specified limits. HUDA has also sought clarification regarding variation in tests done in Shri Ram Institute for Industrial Research and Haryana Pollution Control Board.The notice has been issued to the Noida-based firm, seeking reply within a week. HUDA has also informed the firm that the plant is still under trial run and bill of work not finalized to date and no letter of work completion has been issued by HUDA.\"The STP is not complete and as per the contract the operation and maintenance will be billed after it is complete and stabilized. As of now there is no documentary proof of the completion,\" said a HUDA officialThe plant has a capacity of 50 MLD but the total discharge of the treated sewer is 25 MLD. The firm had earlier blamed that all the HUDA sectors are not connected to the STP, which is the reasons for underperformance.The HUDA officials had inspected the plant and found out numerous problems in the plant. In the report the HUDA officials stated that the sludge gas tanks were also not functioning and no gas has been produced at the plant, despite having the latest equipments. The inspection report also stated the pumping machinery is not functioning. At the plant no sludge is stored in the sludge digester and digesters have not been used ever in the plant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12958486", "title": "Train tickets sold out, touts make hay", "text": "CHENNAI: Ashok Rajpurohit couldn't travel to Jodhpur on Saturday because his AC III tier ticket on Jodhpur Express did not get confirmed. Now, he has two options - pay an agent for a confirmed tatkal ticket by Wednesday's Chennai-Ahmedabad Navjeevan Express or travel to Mumbai and switch two trains to reach his home town. He has decided on the former option.This is the plight of several families without confirmed tickets. Travellers to Mumbai, Pune, Jaipur, Jodhpur, Goa and Delhi are the worst hit because trains are the only affordable option.Many are forced to shell out Rs 2,000-5,000 a person for confirmed tickets to these cities. \"An agent has promised me a confirmed tatkal ticket for Wednesday's Navjeevan Express. I will have to pay Rs 2,000 per passenger,\" said Ashok.Though tickets are in waitlist, agents somehow manage to get confirmed tickets even on the date of travel. \"A friend told me he paid Rs 12,000 for six passengers in addition to the regular fare and secured confirmed seats on Jodhpur Express that left on Saturday,\" he said.In spite of crackdowns, touts rule the roost in summer, targeting those trying to buy tatkal tickets from reservation centres in Egmore, Beach and Central. A majority of the travellers cannot postpone their travel - they may be going to attend temple festivals or weddings - and pay up.Others go by unreserved compartments. \"We will be travelling by ladies unreserved coach as our waitlist number is 200 despite booking two months ago. I cannot afford to pay additional money to agents for five people,\" said Manjula Sharma, who is going to Pali in Rajasthan with her sister and three children on Friday.The number of passengers on the waitlist for trains to Mumbai range from 47 to 120 but for trains to Jaipur, Jodhpur and Ahmedabad it is above 250 for sleeper and AC coaches. It is above 100 in sleeper class on Friday's Vasco Express to Goa.Tickets on trains to Thiruvananthapuram , Kochi, Mangalore, Bangalore, Hyderabad and other cities in neighbouring states are also not available but passengers have the option of travelling by bus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12957806", "title": "India accepts Afghan offer to use Wagah border for trade", "text": "NEW DELHI: As India and Afghanistan on Monday got down to implementing their strategic partnership pact in the form of the first Partnership Council meeting, which was chaired by foreign minister S M Krishna and his counterpart Zalmai Rassoul, Afghan authorities sought go-ahead to export their most cherished product - dry fruits and sweets - to India via the Wagah border. Government sources said that India had willingly accepted the offer, and that both the countries will try and convince Pakistan to facilitate the move.Now, most of India's dry fruit imports from Afghanistan are routed through Iran. The Afghan delegation said in the meeting that transporting these directly to India through the India-Pakistan land border will ensure better returns for Afghan businessmen.Officials said that Krishna had reacted very positively to the proposal. ``India is open to the suggestion but Afghanistan will first have to ask Pakistan for it. They feel emboldened by Pakistan's decision earlier to allow export of Indian wheat to Afghanistan through its territory,'' said a source.Afghanistan and Pakistan have a trade and transit agreement, but it does not cover India. In a significant departure from its transit policy though, Pakistan this year has allowed India to export 1 lakh tonnes of wheat to Afghanistan through the port in Karachi .Addressing the media after his meeting with Rassoul, Krishna also announced India's initiative to host a Regional Investors' Meeting in New Delhi to facilitate investments in Afghanistan. Krishna said that this initiative - to be held before the Tokyo meet on Afghanistan - is a measure of India's long-term commitment to Kabul.The two leaders also reviewed their cooperation in security in light of the impending withdrawal of ISAF troops and the ongoing reconciliation process in Afghanistan with Krishna reiterating the significance of the ``red lines'' in moving forward. Rassoul said respect for Afghan constitution, freedom, human rights and democratic institutions was a must for the process. Several counter-terror measures in the light of the recent multiple attacks in Kabul and safety of Indians was also discussed.Krishna said that India would react positively to any suggestions from Afghanistan on the upgrade of its security forces. This was after Rassoul said in the joint press interaction that Afghanistan wanted to discuss with India not just the training of its forces but also the need for equipment for them.\"Let me assure you that while it is a time of change and transformation in the region, India's commitment to Afghanistan is neither 'transitory' nor in 'transition',\" Krishna said, adding that India's security is entwined with peace and stability in Afghanistan.Later, Rassoul also met PM Manmohan Singh who ``reiterated India's unwavering commitment to assisting the government and people of Afghanistan in their endeavour to build a peaceful, stable, democratic and prosperous country''.The Partnership Council meeting was preceded by a deliberation of the Joint Working Group on Political and Security Consultations headed by foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai and Afghanistan's deputy foreign minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12956787", "title": "Maddelacheruvu Suri murder accused Bhanu Kiran hatched plan to flee country", "text": "HYDERABAD: While being holed up in Madhya Pradesh , Maddelacheruvu Suri murder accused Bhanu Kiran nearly managed to flee the country. However, his plans went kaput when the CID uploaded his photo with various possible disguises on its website and flashed the same to all security agencies across the country. Bhanu, who was brought back to the city on Tuesday morning after a visit to Seoni in Madhya Pradesh, told this to the CID sleuths.According to CID sources, ever since the Suri murder after which Bhanu became a wanted man, he hatched a plan to flee the country. Apprehending that he would be caught if he travelled with his own passport and name, Bhanu decided to secure a passport in a fictitious name and managed to procure the necessary documents, including PAN card, driving licence and ration card in the name of Mahesh Kunjum with an address in Seoni.\"Bhanu had struck a deal with an agent in Seoni and paid him a few thousand rupees to get his application processed in the name of Mahesh Kunjum. But by the time Bhanu obtained all the documents, the CID officials uploaded his photograph on their website and declared him one of the most wanted fugitives. When he came to know of this, he dropped the idea of obtaining a fake passport and fleeing the country, the CID sources added.Meanwhile, based on Bhanu's confession, police identified nearly 100 acres of land registered in his name and that of his benamis, which reportedly includes Tollywood producers Singanamala Ramesh and C Kalyan. The investigating officials are waiting for the response of the Registration and Stamps department since they are expected to verify the transactions in several cases.Police said they have identified more than 10 bank accounts of Bhanu and his associates and found more than Rs 25 crore cash. Besides, Bhanu had bank lockers and officials are in the process of inspecting them. Meanwhile, Bhanu Kiran, who was taken to Seoni for weapon recovery was brought back to Hyderabad on Tuesday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12958577", "title": "Prodded by PIL, government gathers data on temple lands", "text": "CHENNAI: Thanks to the efforts of the head of a Vaishnavaite society, the Tamil Nadu government has collated data on land belonging to hundreds of temples in the state. Temple properties in respect of eight districts have been collected by the revenue authorities, and details concerning temples in two districts have been forwarded to the Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowment department for necessary action.This information was submitted in the Madras high court, when a writ petition filed by the International Sri Vaishnava Dharma Sumraksahna Society president Swamy Govinda Ramanujadasa of Nungambakkam, came up for hearing before the first bench of Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam.Ramanujadasa has informed the court that 4.78 lakh acres worth thousands of crores of rupees, had been endowed to the thousands of temples in Tamil Nadu. Though temples are endowed with such valuable assets, most are unable to hold even one puja daily, he said, adding that the revenue department which is in possession of the land records must pass on the details to the HR&CE; department for necessary action to assume the lands.In its counter-affidavit, the government informed the court that data had been received in respect of eight districts, and it sought more time to receive data for other districts. The first bench has now granted four more months to the authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12960202", "title": "Special trains to clear rush", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In wake of summer rush, railways has decided to ply two special trains - one between Patna and Mysore, and the other between Barauni and Bangalore City.Train numbers 03289/03290 will run between Patna and Mysore. It will depart from Patna on May 3 and from Mysore end on May 7. The train will depart from Patna at 8:10pm and arrive at Mughalsarai at 11:35pm, Mirzapur at 00:58am, Chheoki at 2:10am, Manikpur at 3:48am, Satna at 5:35am, Katni at 6:55am, Jabalpur at 8:40am, Itarsi at 12:55pm, Nagpur at 6:20pm, Balharshah at 10:40pm, Vijaywada at 7:10am, Gudur at 11:55am, Chennai Central at 2:20pm, Arrakonam at 3:43pm, Katpadi at 4:33pm, Jolarpettai at 5:25pm, Bangalore City at 8:40pm and terminate at Mysore at 11:30pm.During the return journey, the train will depart from Mysore at 7:15am and arrive at Bangalore City at 10am, Jolarpettai at 1:05pm, Katpadi at 2:23pm, Arrakonam at 3:13pm, Chennai Central at 4:55pm, Gudur at 8:50pm, Vijaywada at 2:35am, Balharshah at 9:45am, Nagpur at 1:20pm, Itarsi at 6:20pm, Jabalpur at 10:10pm, Katni at 11:45pm, Satna at 1:15am, Manikpur at 3:15am, Chheoki at 4:50am, Mirzapur at 6:03am, Mughalsarai at 7:20am and terminate at Patna at 11:40pm.This train will comprise 14 sleeper, one AC-II tier, one AC-III tier and one AC-II cum AC-III tier coaches.Another special train will ply between Barauni and Bangalore City. The train will depart from Barauni on May 2 while leave Bangalore City on May 7. The train will depart from Barauni at 6:20pm and reach Patna at 8pm, Mughalsarai at 11:35pm, Mirzapur at 00:58am, Cheoki at 2:10am, Manikpur at 3:48am, Satna at 5:35am, Katni at 6:55am, Jabalpur at 8:40am, Itarsi at 12:55pm, Nagpur at 6:20pm, Balharshah at 10:40pm, Vijaywada at 7:10am, Gudur at 12:20pm, Chennai central at 2:55pm, Arrakonam at 5:53pm, Katpadai at 6pm, Jolarpettai at 7:13pm and terminate at Bangalore City at 11:30pm.During the return journey, the train will leave Bangalore City at 5am and arrive at Jolarpettai at 9am, Katpadi at 10:23am, Arraknam at 11:18pm, Chennai Central at 12:45pm, Gudur at 3:52pm, Vijaywada at 8:05pm, Balharshah at 4:10am, Nagpur at 7:35am, Itarsi at 1:40pm, Jabalpur at 5:15pm, Katni at 6:40pm, Satna at 8:25pm, Manikpur at 10:43pm, Chheoki at 1am, Mirzapur at 3am, Mughalsarai at 4:40am, Patna at 7:55am and terminate at Barauni at 10:40am. The train will comprise six general, nine sleeper and one AC-III tier coaches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12957959", "title": "Manganese Ore India Limited senior manager caught taking bribe", "text": "NAGPUR: The anti-corruption wing of Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), Nagpur branch, nabbed a senior official of Manganese Ore (India) Limited (MOIL) while accepting a bribe of Rs 21,000 from a stationery supplier on Tuesday evening. The CBI squad nabbed senior manager Raju Nair red-handed while accepting money from the complainant Sandeep Jain at Bharat Nagar square.Nair was demanding a kickback of 3.5% from the supplier who had submitted three bills, totalling to Rs 7.21 lakh, in April last month. Jain, who is learnt to be a regular supplier with several government offices, had already supplied the materials around a month ago. Jain's request to pass the bill was turned down repeatedly by Nair. Jain, asked to make a payment of Rs 21,000 as per the kickback percentage, approached CBI Superintendent of police, Thomas John.Sources said that there was much drama during the trap. Nair had initially asked Jain to come to his Bharat Nagar residence but later changed the venue. He took Jain as a pillion behind his Scooty and took him towards Bharat Nagar square. The CBI team, under the trap laying officer Hanumant Jangid, followed them.It was learnt that Nair had refused to touch the cash and asked Jain to keep the bundle in his two-wheeler's dickey. However, Jain convinced Nair, saying that the cash was auspicious for businessmen and simply keeping it in the dickey without Nair actually accepting it in his hand would amount to disrespect. Nair, convinced by Jain, took the cash in his hand and placed it in the dickey, prompting the CBI officials to nab him red-handed.Senior CBI official Hemant Kharabe, who was among the ones to receive the state director general of police's insignia on the Maharashtra Day, led the search at the residence of Nair after his trap. Several incriminating documents and deposit certificates were among the ones seized from the residence of the senior official.CBI sources maintained that there had been no cases from MOIL in the last couple of years. CBI, under SP John, had started a drive to spread out their actions in departments and organizations of the central government where there had been no significant operations in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12958185", "title": "Illegal constructions near national highways must be registered by May 30", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana government has set May 30 as the deadline for property owners to apply for registration of their unauthorized constructions, which are falling within 30-metre radius of the National Highways (NHs) and all major roads.A spokesperson of Town and Country Planning department (DTCP) said that the owners of these buildings, which have been constructed in this area, could get their constructions regularized by submitting applications at the local district town planner (DTP) office, within the stipulated deadline.\"We will not extend the deadline further. So, those failing to apply this time should be ready to face action from the enforcement wing of the local TCP department,\" said an official.It's not just individuals but even in the case of government offices, the departments have to apply for regularization.Though this move by the government is seen as a big relief to unauthorized built-up areas in these areas, there are signs that the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) will raise questions. Sources said that by allowing unauthorized structures to remain there permanently, the government was limiting the scope of widening of existing roads. \"When there is no scope for expansion on the ground, you have to opt for elevated passages and that makes for an expensive proposition,\" said an official.The NHs and all other major roads in Haryana would soon require widening and upgradation considering the widespread economic activities and rapid industrialization across the state.Only a few months back, an expert committee of NHAI had blamed the state government for increasing traffic chaos on Delhi-Gurgaon expressway. It had found that Haryana government approved land use changes after the project was awarded. The land use and transport plan (LUTP) for Gurgaon was changed in June 2006 when the expressway project was nearing completion. The new LUTP permitted more traffic generating land uses, commercial and industrial than the earlier plan.The report mentioned, \"All land use changes are within the catchments of the highway and therefore the access perforce has to be somewhere in the project length itself. It will be a bonanza for the concessionaire and a disaster for the highways and its users.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12957795", "title": "Man attempts suicide during Maharashtra Day function", "text": "AMRAVATI: A man barged in the district collectorate and attempted suicide during the official Maharashtra Day programme on Tuesday morning. However, the man, Gajanan Sathe, was quickly subdued by cops and arrested.Sathe, a resident of Khond Pimpri village in Nandgaon Khandeshwar, entered the collectorate premises from the rear side. He carried a 500ml bottle of pesticide and threatened to gulp it down but was overpowered.It has been learnt that Sathe's mother owned some land which was acquired by the government in 1994. Sathe was issued a project-affected person certificate but did not get a government job as was promised due to a goof-up, he alleged.ACP Mohan Kshirsagar of Gadge Nagar police confirmed the news but cited a different reason behind the suicide attempt. He said Sathe was a ration shop owner in Nandgoan Khandeshwar and had applied for kerosene licence but did not get it. He had warned the administration a month back that if his demand was not fulfilled, he would commit suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "medertari", "code": "12958964", "title": "Ferry accident: Separated by years, joined by a tragedy", "text": "MEDERTARI: Hoshibur Rahman is eight, Md Madhab Ali 34. Both are from Medertari on the south bank of Brahmaputra in Assam's Dhubri district. Both have lost their parents in Monday morning's boat tragedy. They have both found their mothers' lifeless bodies. Their fathers are missing, believed to have been swept away by the river's powerful undercurrents.Madhab can fend for himself. But young Hoshibur is now an orphan. The child was returning from his maternal uncle's in Dhubri with his parents - Samsul Hoque, a farmer, and Hafiza Khatun. He's their only son. \"When the boat smashed into the spar, Samsul picked up his son and flung himself into the water. He found land, asked the eight-yearold to wait and plunged in to the water save his wife. He never came out. His wife's body was recovered. Samsul was probably washed away,\" Hoshibur's uncle Aftab said adding: \"Now, there's only Allah to take care of the ch i l d . \" On Tuesday, Hoshibur sat on the bank, a blank expression on his face, oblivious to what was going on around him. Speechless, he looked at the Army divers readying their gear.Close by, at Madhab's home, women wailed as men prepared for the final rites. Others were away helping with the search. Head of the family, Mamtaz Ali, and his wife Mala were passengers of the boat that went down.\"We rushed to the bank when we saw the boat caught in the storm. In no time, it turned turtle and went down. Someone shouted that my mother's body was caught in the wreckage. I pulled her out but my father is still missing,\" Madhab said. His father had taken his mother to Dhubri to see a doctor, Madhab said. \"After getting on board, they called me. My mother returned, but lifeless. I'm still looking for my father.\"Medertari has fallen silent. \"Ten of our people were in the boat and we've found the bodies of just two. This boat has been our lifeline but we did not realize that one day it'd spell doom for us,\" a villager said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12956898", "title": "A day after girl\u2019s death, protests intensify at Sawai Man Singh hospital", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after a 17-year-old girl died due to unavailability of ICU bed at Sawai Man Singh ( SMS) hospital, the office of the medical superintendent witnessed more unruly scenes on Tuesday. Activists of the youth wing of BJP, Yuva Morcha, entered the cabin of the superintendent, demanding his resignation.The activists, who entered the office of superintendent L C Sharma, also demanded a judicial inquiry in the issue. However, they were reportedly abused by the doctors present inside the cabin, who also refused to accept the memorandum which led to a heated argument between them.\"We went there to demand the immediate resignation of Dr. Sharma and setting up of a judicial inquiry so that real culprits can be punished. But some present inside the cabin of superintendent abused us and asked doctors not to take our memorandum,\" said Rajesh Tikkiwal, president of city unit of Yuva Morcha.Though police tried to calm down the protesters, they had to face the anger of media persons too. After the incident of manhandling of photojournalists on Monday by the security guards and police officers, the agitated media personnel went to seek an explanation from the medical superintendent. However, the police pushed the journalists and resident doctors shouted slogans against media persons.Later, protesting against the behaviour of the hospital administration and police officers, media persons sat on a dharna outside the hospital premises. Later the principal and controller, Dr Subhash Nepalia condemned the attack and urged media persons to accept the apologies of the hospital administration. \"We are extremely sorry for the manhandling that happened with the media persons yesterday. I humbly request you to amicably sort out the matter,\" said Dr. Nepalia.Later, Dr LC Sharma came out and requested to end the protest with an assurance that such behaviour will not be repeated with the media and no restrictions will be imposed, on the news coverage of the hospital, provided it remains under the guidelines of the hospital. \"I am sorry for the manhandling with the media inside the hospital premises. We have suspended the four security guards and will make sure that such things do not occur in future.\"Taking action against the complaints made by the media, an inquiry has been initiated against the SHO of Moti Doongri who has been put on 'awaiting posting order'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12957135", "title": "Ball boys serve an ace after heartbreak", "text": "AHMEDABAD: When promoters of Ace Tennis Academy decided to shut shop for their own personal reasons last year, the ball boys working there were heartbroken. Most of the youngsters are from Mumatpura village nearby and came from humble backgrounds. Tennis had become their life and some of them had even started assisting the coaches in training the kids before the academy was closed.Unwilling to abandon the sport, ball boys Khoda Rawad, Lalji Rawad, Ranjit Rawad and others have become promoters of their own academy. \"We are all uneducated, so there was no point in looking for a job,\" says Khoda, a senior coach at Shree Tennis Academy in Mumatpura. \"We learnt a few coaching tricks at Ace, so we decided to start our own academ.\" Shree Tennis Academy boasts of four large courts and two mini courts.\"This bunch knows nothing but tennis training,\" says Sandeep Jena, a regular at the new academy. \"They seem to have overcome the initial hurdles.\"Rakesh Thakore, another senior coach says, \"We have got support of parents who used to send their children to the earlier academy. Besides sending their kids to us, they are also sponsoring our needs.\"\"Because we like the boys, we are supporting the academy till it becomes self-sufficient,\" says Anil Brhamshatriya, a businessman whose son is a trainee at Shree academy.An all-Gujarat open tennis competition is currently underway at the academy where another two ball boys - Mukesh Rawad and Baldev Thakore - have entered the quarterfinals. If there is one thing tennis had taught these young men, it was not to give up until the last point is played out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12956812", "title": "Government is trying to frame me: Abu Asim Azmi", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after he was sentenced to two years in jail for making a \"hate speech\", Samajwadi Party (SP) state president and MLA Abu Asim Azmi on Tuesday attacked a \"spineless\" Democratic Front government for singling him out from other \"provocative\" speakers such as Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray and MNS president Raj Thackeray .Azmi, who said he would appeal in the higher court against his sentence immediately, said the Congress-NCP government pushed for a charge sheet though there was not enough evidence against him. \"They (Congress-NCP) are trying to frame me in a false case because of the increasing popularity of my party. I never spoke against my country and never talked about a second partition as was being made out by those trying to defame me,\" he said.Azmi told mediapersons that the government was weak-kneed when it came to punishing the Thackerays for delivering provocative speeches.\"Bal Thackeray has, in the past, delivered several unmentionable speeches... But neither did the state register any case nor was any action taken.\"MNS's Nitin Sardesai said Azmi's allegations do not deserve a rebuttal from his party. \"As it is, it is the prerogative of the state government to push for cases under 153A,\" he said. Shiv Sena spokesperson, too, declined to comment. \"There is no need to offer a rebuttal to his allegations,\" said Sena spokesperson Neelam Gorhe.Recalling details of his case, Azmi said when the then chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh had sought a report from the Nagapada police station, there was no mention of any anti-national remarks. However, a case was register-ed at Narayan Rane's insistence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12958177", "title": "Was it anthrax? Mystery disease baffles Delhi vets", "text": "NEW DELHI: Anthrax, the bacterial disease which is suspected to have killed a rhinoceros at Delhi zoo, is unknown in Delhi but there have been outbreaks in other places across the country, scientists specializing in veterinary research said on Tuesday. In recent years, outbreaks have been reported from Karnataka (1999 and 2001), Orissa (2003 and 2005) and West Bengal (2000).Anthrax infects animals mostly through ingestion of contaminated soil or fodder while humans contract it through personal contact, consumption of contaminated meat and inhalation of spores. \"Infected animals usually exhibit symptoms like bleeding from natural orifices - nose, mouth and anus - and death is sudden in many cases,\" said Dr Rishendra Verma, joint director, Centre for Animal Diseases Research and Diagnosis, Indian Veterinary Research Institute in Izatnagar, Uttar Pradesh.Verma, who is leading the investigation for confirmation of anthrax in the rhinoceros, said the clinical symptoms of the dead animal - as communicated to them by the zoo officials - match the symptoms of the disease but results of the blood smear examination would be important to arrive at a conclusion.He said once the disease is confirmed, they will have to find out the source of the infection because, if unchecked, it can spread to other animals and even officials working in the zoo. \"It is possible that some animal may have died due to anthrax in the zoo in the past and the spores of the bacterial disease - which can persist in the environment for many years - were transmitted to the rhino through ingestion of contaminated soil,\" he added.Till now, officials said, no animal or official from the zoo has shown symptoms of the disease. \"Around 20 of our staff were sent to Ram Manohar Lohia (RML) Hospital for a health check but they did not exhibit any symptom. Their condition is being monitored closely,\" said a senior zoo official. Dr TS Sidhu, medical superintendent of RML, also confirmed that no suspected case of anthrax was admitted to their hospital.Dr DS Chadha, senior consultant-internal medicine department at Fortis Vasant Kunj, said people who work with an infected animal or those living nearby are usually prone to infection. \"Blisters on the skin is the most common health problem and it is treatable. But anthrax infection caused due to inhalation of spores is fatal as it directly affects the lungs and causes bleeding,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12957805", "title": "Exam evaluation at standstill as teachers' strike continues", "text": "NAGPUR: After the series of paper leaks, the Nagpur University administration is staring at another problem, perhaps a bigger one. Evaluation work of ongoing summer examinations has been crippled as lecturers have refused to evaluate answer-sheets owing to a strike for sixth pay commission arrears. The student community, already worried about their future after the leaks, is going to be hit by delayed results too.NU administration led by vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal has failed to take any stringent steps against the agitating lecturers, who have boycotted evaluation work since April 1. They just issued notices to 150 of them for failing to report to duty, and then forgot the issue.\"We have received their replies, where they insisted that they will not resume evaluation work till their demands are met. Beyond that nothing could be done, as their fight is with the government,\" Controller of Examinations (COE) Siddharth Kane told TOI.He however said NU would be issuing similar notices to the remaining lecturers, since evaluation work was getting severely hampered. \"About 250-300 teachers would be issued notices and asked to report for duty,\" Kane said.However, NU officials who didn't wish to be named slammed NU administration's attitude of not acting against agitating lecturers despite the fact that evaluation work is mandatory under Section 32(5)(g) of Maharashtra Universities Act, 1994. According to them, NU can even cancel their 'approved teacher' status in such cases, but lethargic NU top brass is doing nothing. \"Even in case of the paper leak, they just lodged a police complaint without doing anything to plug loopholes in the system to avoid a repeat of this incident,\" an official remarked.Sadly, NU teachers are not alone in boycotting evaluation work, as over 34,000 lecturers across all Maharashtra universities are on strike, except those coming under the engineering faculty.NU officials said the tug of war between the government and teachers would severely affect innocent students whose results would be delayed. Those who appeared in their final year examinations would be the worst sufferers as they face a host of problems, like not being able to appear for campus interviews and also many of the entrance exams.Teachers to meet govt todayThe agitating lecturers under their parent organization, Maharashtra Federation of University College Teachers Organisation (MFUCTO), would be meeting minister of higher and technical education Rajesh Tope regarding their demands on Wednesday. During the last meeting on April 25, talks had failed and the lecturers had continued with their boycott. \"The government is absolutely not serious about our problems,\" Nagpur University Teachers Association ( NUTA) secretary Anil Dhage told TOI.He added that during the last meeting higher education secretary failed to provide them copies of the minutes of the meeting, which were received on Monday. \"The executive committee of MFUCTO would be meeting on Wednesday morning to discuss these minutes and later meet Tope in this regard,\" he said. Dhage would be part of both meetings as an executive committee member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12961482", "title": "Ra One animator Charu Kandal's body paralysed", "text": "Charu Khandal's family stood smiling through their tears as the 28-year-old whistled softly from her hospital bed in the ICU. Charu, strapped to tubes and medical contraptions, muttered her first words on Tuesday, over a month after meeting with that horrifying accident on March 25.\"She's happy, she's whistling, she keeps smiling...\" her sister Ritu, 25, who has taken turns with sister, mother and Charu's fiance Sagar to be by her side during this trying period, told Mumbai Mirror over the phone on Tuesday evening.As evidence of Charu's cheerful mood ever since the tracheotomy tube -- was used to facilitate her breathing -- was removed, allowing her not only speak, but also take oral feeds, Mona emailed to us this happy picture where Charu is seen poking fun at the camera. Ritu said Charu has not asked too many questions about the March 25 accident when a black Honda City car driven by a drunk shipping companyagentrammedintoarickshawshewastravelling in with Ritu and a friend. \"She knows the condition she is in, but has not let that bog her down.She dida skabouttheotherfriend,buthas since been very positive,\" Ritu said.On Monday, Charu briefly chatted with doctors, suggesting that the hospital set up a garden on every floor. \"Those were the first words she uttered. She told the doctor that greenery would help patients feel good and recover sooner,\" said Ritu, describing her elder sister as a doughty-spirited girl. The night she was brought to the hospital with multiple fractures and a nasty head injury, Charu's last words before passing out were - \"Somebody please water my plants otherwise they will die.\"All through the past month-and-a-half, Charu's fiance Sagar Thakkar has been by her side.Sagarsaidhe was relieved thatCharu has begun taking solid food. \"All through the hospital stay, she was being fed through intravenous drips. On Monday, we fed her bread and milk,\" said Sagar.ANIMATOR'S BODY PARALYSEDThough there has been progress, it's painfully slow. Charu's entire body has been paralysed below the neck. Doctors, however, say Charu was lucky that she did not sustain any brain injury. She has already undergone a surgery on the spine, which was successful.\"As she was finding it difficult to breathe, doctors inserted a tube through the neck to facilitate her breathing,\" said Ritu. \"By God's grace, her breathing improved and so the tube was removed. The removal of the tubes itself was some kind of reprieve.\"The family said that doctors expect her to be shifted out of intensive care in a week or so, after which she is likely to be put through physiotherapy sessions. Ritu said that her sister has conveyed to the doctors that plants around the hospital will surely speed up her recovery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "medertari (dhubri)", "code": "12958943", "title": "Ferry disaster in Assam: Divers fight currents, find few bodies", "text": "MEDERTARI (DHUBRI): Twenty-four hours after the ferry disaster in the Brahmaputra in west Assam's Dhubri district, there's confusion over the death toll as authorities put the number of recovered bodies at 17. Many were still missing after a daylong search by the Army and BSF divers on Tuesday.The mechanized boat was reportedly carrying around 300 people, more than the 280 tickets sold at Dhubri. The ferry was travelling to Medertari on the river's south bank.On Monday the unofficial toll stood at 103, but authorities said not more than 17 bodies had been recovered. \"Witnesses told us that 40 people have died. Their bodies have been taken by families. We sent out men to track the dead. So far, we've counted just 17, of them eight are women, two children and rest men,\" Dhubri district deputy commissioner K C Kalita said. There is no clarity on the death toll. The prevalent line is that most passengers managed to either jump or swim safely to the bank and might have gone home on their own as the ferry was carrying people from faraway places. \"The figure of hundred-odd dead is mostly on hearsay. We can't confirm this unless we recover bodies or find survivors and that is what we are trying to do,\" the deputy commissioner said.The deputy commissioner added that another 22 people were reported missing by their families. \"We conducted a search with BSF men and Army divers and retrieved the wreckage but no bodies were found. The worst fear is that those missing might have been swept away by the currents further downstream into Bangladesh.\" On Tuesday, divers had a trying time battling the fast flowing river.The local people, who turned out in the hundreds at the Medertari ghat to watch the search operations, claimed at least 150 have died in the tragedy. \"The authorities are doing nothing to retrieve the bodies,\" the angry crowd shouted when state transport minister Chandan Brahma visited the spot.The crowd protested angrily when the minister, on behalf of chief minister Tarun Gogoi, announced Rs 1.5 lakh each for the families of the dead. The villagers insisted that they would not settle for anything less than Rs 5 lakh.Brahma said: \"The boat was certainly overloaded and carrying passengers more than capacity, maybe because it was the day's last ferry. We are hopeful that we will recover all the bodies.\"The incident happened at around 5.15pm when heavy rains coupled with strong winds tossed the ferry and turned it upside down near the bank. \"The storm lasted almost an hour. It was close to the bank and many of us managed to jump on to the ground. But then, the boat capsized and many were trapped inside,\" Md Joynal Abedin, one of the survivors, said recounting the incident.The accident spot is close to where the Brahmaputra enters Bangladesh and the government has sought Dhaka's help in finding bodies that may wash up downstream. Villagers said they saw the boat getting caught in the storm and turn turtle and that is when they rushed to the bank. \"There was still light and we saw the boat go down. We searched the bank for survivors. We found some jumping onto the land but about an hour later bodies were floating and getting pushed to the bank,\" Motlef Ali, a village youth said.DISASTER ZONEDouble-decker ferry with around 250 keels over in storm around 5 pm over Brahmaputra in Dhubri district, 350 km from GuwahatiVessel 10 minutes from bank when gale hit Ferry crowded as it was market day on MondayRescue officials say they're not sure of toll as many bodies yet to be foundSmaller boat with 50, too, sinks in storm", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12957855", "title": "Court allows survey of Israeli diplomat's car for insurance", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Tuesday allowed the plea of the Israeli diplomat to get his car, which was bombed on February 13, inspected by an insurance surveyor to assess its damages for reimbursement.While allowing the plea of Alon Yehoshua, the husband of Israeli diplomat Tal Yehoshua who was injured in the blast, chief metropolitan magistrate Vinod Yadav ordered Delhi police for video-recording of the inspection. \"The applicant (Alon Yehoshua) is at liberty to get the vehicle inspected in the malkhana of the special cell with minimum intervention to the vehicle,\" the court said, allowing the car to be inspected on May 10 between 3pm to 5pm.The court also said the \"video CD of the inspection shall be kept on investigation record\" and directed that no copy of it be made public.It, however, said a copy of the FIR could not be supplied to Yehoshua for the purpose of insurance formalities as it was lying in a sealed cover in the court. The plea was vehemently opposed by Mehmood Pracha, the counsel for journalist Syed Mohammed Ahmad Kazmi, arrested for his alleged role in the bombing of the diplomat's car. The judge said Kazmi's counsel would be at liberty to participate in the inspection process.The court also dismissed Kazmi's plea for copy of applications and orders pertaining to his police and judicial remand and said the same may be supplied after the chargesheet was filed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12957402", "title": "University\u2019s exam system to blame for leaks?", "text": "MUMBAI: Is the Mumbai University's examination practice responsible for the question paper leaks?In a large number of its colleges, question paper packets are delivered close to three days before the exam date. Colleges beyond Thane, Vasai and Kalyan, all the way up to Ratnagiri, receive the packets only twice a week-on Sundays and Wednesdays-as the varsity sends papers of three subjects in a journey, increasing the risk of a leak. In fact, the university's attempt to avoid delays or glitches on the exam day is, ironically, being seen as the main reason for a sudden spurt in paper leaks.At BNN College in Bhiwandi where the marketing and human resource management paper packets were accidentally opened instead of the day's Business Economics paper, the inquiry committee's probe has revealed that the paper had arrived in the college three days earlier. This, sources say, may have led to confusion, resulting in the wrong packet being opened.Mumbai University, which has seen a spurt in question paper leaks this exam season, has seen rapid growth in its affiliated colleges outside the city's borders. In fact, of the 657 affiliated colleges, close to 250 are located outside the city.And a large number of these institutes receive question papers at least three days before an exam. Barring colleges in Ratnagiri, where the university sends question papers to its sub-centre, every college in the mofussil area receives packets of exam papers only twice a week, a source said.Until December 2007, vans from the university would leave for city colleges just a couple of hours before an exam to deliver question papers. Although that system left little room for paper leaks, it, however, had its own drawback, with traffic resulting in exams being delayed. That method was changed in 2008-09 and every Mumbai college began receiving question paper packets a day before the exam. But colleges outside the city continued to receive the papers three days ahead. \"We changed the system because several exams were beginning late. The decision was taken in the board of examinations (BoE) and has the ratification of the vice chancellor too,\" former controller of exams Vilas Shinde said.Mumbai University, which has had a rough start this exam season, has failed to maintain the high-level of confidentiality, say experts. Now as the univ is mending its system, it is ironic that it is likely to go back to that old practice, albeit with some tweaking. \"We have decided to have a lead college in every area and will deliver question papers there. Staff from near-by colleges will be allowed to pick up the packets only one hour in advance,\" said an official from the BoE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12958617", "title": "Chauffeur nicks gold, arrested", "text": "CHENNAI: A 35-year-old car driver, who stole gold jewellery worth Rs 7.5 lakh from his employer hours before she boarded a flight to London last month, has been arrested.S Tara of Poes Garden noticed the theft when she checked the suitcase on reaching London and found the jewels missing. She called her son S Ravi Prakash and based on his complaint, their car driver P Vadivelu (35) of Kunrathur was nabbed on Sunday.On March 26, police said, Vadivelu, who had been working in the house for the last five years, placed Tara's baggage in the car and waited in the car for more than an hour for her arrival. During this time, he managed to open the suitcase that was unlocked, police said based on Vadivelu's confession.\"The driver found two purses inside the suitcase and took the one containing gold ornaments leaving behind the purse with keys of other suitcases\" said R Dhanraj, inspector, Teynampet police station. Later, he dropped Tara at the Chennai airport.In London, Tara found the jewels missing and asked her son to check if she had left them at home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12958002", "title": "Councillors' funds cut, projects may be affected", "text": "NEW DELHI: New councillors have lost 75% of their public spending power with the East Delhi Municipal Corporation slashing their development funds from Rs 2.05 crore to Rs 51 lakh, blaming trifurcation. Also, sanitation and public works will occupy second place in the new corporation's priority list.To bail out East Corporation, the government has loaned it Rs 421 crore. But BJP councillors say the money should have been given as a grant. \"The money has been given to wipe out other liabilities, but repaying it with interest will pose a greater liability. The government should have given us this amount in the form of a grant. With the additional financial burden, it will be difficult for the corporation to sustain itself,\" said mayor Annapurna Mishra.The corporation will have less money to spend on specific public works, like streetlighting, than the North Corporation. While it has allocated Rs 2.40 lakh under the head for each of its 64 wards, the North Corporation has marked Rs 3.80 lakh each under the same head.While passing the budget, BJP councillors demanded amendments. \"Already there are doubts on the corporation's sustainability. With the councillors' fund trimmed, this will stall development work,\" said Mehek Singh, chairman, standing committee.However, officials said the budget for East Corporation was prepared keeping education, sanitation and public works in mind. \"Our focus will be on education as 22.29% of all schools are now under East Corporation. Sanitation and public work will take 32% of the total income. But since the establishment cost of the corporation is high, it will be difficult to take up major development projects in the area,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12962938", "title": "Tezz fails at the box-office race", "text": "The Ajay Devgn-Anil Kapoor starrer couldn't rake in decent initials. Expectations are now rife from Vishesh Films' 'Jannat 2'.Priyadarshan's action-thriller Tezz opened to a mixed response. Its first weekend collection is around Rs 11 crores which isn't a very good figure for a film of this magnitude. Further, business has dipped and so it would be difficult for the film to recover its costs.The other release Life Ki Toh Lag Gayi almost went unnoticed, more for its dismal story than its low star-value (Kay Kay Menon, Ranvir Shorey, Manu Rishi).The coming week sees two releases. The promising one amongst them is Bhatt camp's Jannat 2 starring Emraan Hashmi, Randeep Hooda and Esha Gupta. After the success of the first part which catapulted Emraan Hashmi in the big league, expectations are rife from this film set against the illegal arms trading backdrop.The other release is Ranvir Shorey's Fatso directed by Rajat Kapoor which was completed some years back but is finally releasing now.Top Hindi Films this WeekFilm: TezzPosition: 1Director: PriyadarshanCast: Ajay Devgn, Anil Kapoor , Zayed Khan , Boman IraniUpside: Interesting plot, decent performances by Ajay-Anil, good paceDownside: Less of train action, weak conflictsRunning Week: 1Trade Comments: This high-budget action thriller failed to set the cash registers ringing. The first weekend collection for a film of this magnitude is around Rs 11 crores which isn't a very good figure. Further, business has dipped and so it would be difficult for the film to recover its costs.Film: Vicky DonorPosition: 2Director: Shoojit SircarCast: Ayushmann Khurana, Yaami Gautam, Annu KapoorUpside: Fresh story, brilliant performances, good music, superb humourDownside: Not manyRunning Week: 2Trade Comments: Another strong week for this film with collections of Rs 7 crores in its second weekend (a very encouraging figure for a small film like this. HitFilm: Housefull 2Position: 3Director: Sajid KhanCast: Akshay Kumar , Riteish Deshmukh, John Abraham , Mithun ChakravarthyUpside: Akshay Kumar and Ritiesh Deshmukh's impeccable comic timing, entertaining second half, good music, some good funny momentsDownside: John Abraham's bad comic timing, some silly and slapstick jokes, no plot in first halfRunning Week: 4Box Office Verdict: Super HitFilm: Hate StoryPosition: 4Director: Shoojit SircarCast: Paoli Dam , Gulshan Devaiya, Nikhil DwivediUpside: Paoli Dam's sensuality, decent actsDownside: Conventional plotRunning Week: 2Box Office Verdict: Above averageFilm: Life Ki Toh Lag GayiPosition: 5Director: Rakesh MehtaCast: Manu Rishi, Kay Kay Menon, Neha BhasinUpside: Manu RishiDownside: Boring story, uninspiring performances, dull directionRunning Week : 1Trade Comments: The business has been extremely poor and the film certainly would end up being a flop", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12960368", "title": "Kids celebrate Mango Day", "text": "It was a sweet and juicy morning for the tiny tots of ABC Montessori School as the little ones welcomed the season's first mangoes with sheer delight on Tuesday, celebrating Mango Day. Kids enjoyed mango delicacies like mango shake, mango juice, mango cake and mango candies with joy. Little Montessorians looked like fresh alphonsoes dressed in yellow to chill out Children also played parcel game passing mangoes to each other and enjoyed the mango smoothie making activity. Ananya Kochar (nursery) and Yatharth Sharma (pre nursery) bagged thefirst prize.Manpreet joins as DTO: Manpreet Singh Chhatwal is the new district transport officer (DTO). He said his priority is to ensure that high security number plates are installed in new vehicles. Earlier, Manpreet was the SDM east Ludhiana. On the other hand, assistant district transport officer Sukhminder Singh has been transferred to Fatehgarh Sahib, but will continue to hold the additional charge of his current post.Manoj pens his first novel: Manoj Dhiman has recently penned his first novel, \"Shoonya Ke Or'' (Towards Nothingness). A noted playwright, poet and critic Narendra Mohan has written the preface of the novel. Terming the novel as a creative presentation, Mohan describes the novel as a tool to raise big issues and questions.World Asthma Day: On the occasion of World Asthma Day, Dr Rajinder Gulati, paediatrician at Civil Hospital, Raikot, interacted with asthmatic students and their parents from Tagore Modern School at Raikot, during a workshop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12961723", "title": "XLRI GMP batch completes a year", "text": "General Management Programme batch of 2011-2012 of XLRI completes one year of the full-time programmeJAMSHEDPUR: The full-time General Management Programme (GMP) batch of 2011-2012 of XLRI School of Business and Human Resources, Jamshedpur completed its one year at the institute on Saturday, April 21, 2012.The batch comprising of 121 students commenced the programme at the institute with interesting and adventurous trips to distantly located villages around Jamshedpur to experience the tough life of rural India. The program christened 'Rural Exposure Programme' was designed to help students to explore the possibilities of business opportunities and resources in rural India.The goal was to further assist and support people in the villages to have control over their products, resources and to expand their market reach as well. For the final curriculum, some students representing the entire batch went for a social mission to a nearby village called Tirildih to conduct a career counselling and health awareness programme for the Tirildih School in association with TATA Steel Rural Development Society, a wing of TATA Steel. The head of Rural Medical Services Dr P C Mahapatra of Tata Steel arranged this career counselling-cum-health programme at the request of XLRI students.The GMP batch, which comprises of doctors, entrepreneurs, chartered accountants and engineers, nominated three doctors Dr Birendera Jit Singh, Dr Ashwani Agarwal, Dr Vinod I V R S and an engineer Shantanu Roy to conduct this outing at Tirildih. Shantanu Roy spoke in the local dialect - Bengali, about the future career prospects for the young brigade of Tirildih.All the Class X students attended the event with utmost interest and attention. Dr Ashwani spoke on health and the ill effects of Tobacco and Alcohol. Dr Vinod spoke on the burning health topics of today: Tuberculosis and HIV/AIDS and their treatment and prevention. The programme was represented by Dr Manju Khees of Tata Steel and she spoke at length about different health issues faced by adolescents.The students of this batch also went for International immersion programmes in countries like USA, France, Australia and Philippines. Under this programme, students got the opportunity to join partner management institutes abroad, through different courses. The programme was aimed at creating responsible leaders and managers who can take up assignments any part of the world.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "amethi", "code": "12962913", "title": "Those who hurt Congress during polls will be shown the door: Rahul Gandhi", "text": "AMETHI: Facing a barrage of complaints against local-level leaders, Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi today promised that those who harmed the party during the elections would be identified and shown the door.Continuing the review of the just-concluded elections in UP in which his party fared dismally even in areas which were considered its stronghold, the local MP stressed that the organisation would be revamped and priority would be given to active, honest and dedicated workers .According to the workers and leaders who attended the review of Jagdishpur segment on the last day of his three-day visit, Gandhi said that workers were the backbone of the party and their voice would be heard.Gandhi said that all development works in the district would be reviewed every three months and the basic problems related to power, potable water and roads would be resolved on a priority basis.Motivating the workers, the Congress MP asked them not to get discouraged and start preparing for the 2014 Lok Sabha elections.The scene and complaints in Jagdishpur were similar to that in other assembly segments with the party workers complaining that they were not heard and development in the rural areas was not as per the requirement.The workers also pointed out that common people have nowhere to go and that not much has been done to deal with problems like unemployment.They were particularly critical of some vested interests in the party who have been harassing them, party sources said, adding that they asked him to understand their sentiments.Meanwhile, farmers, whose land had been acquired for setting up the shoe factory where Rahul was holding the meeting, stopped his cavalcade as he was moving out and complained that they had not yet been provided employment to which the Congress leader promised to do something on reaching Delhi, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12965372", "title": "Pilot scheme to split probe, law &amp; order wings of police", "text": "PATNA: Now after any violent incident, murder, dacoity or kidnapping in the state capital, two police teams will rush to the place of occurrence. While one team will take stock of the situation and maintain law and order, another team will start the investigation work without wasting time.Bihar is one of the few states which have mooted separating the police's investigation job from the law and order duty. Chief minister Nitish Kumar on Tuesday introduced the new scheme in 23 police stations of the state capital on a pilot basis.Several panels and the Supreme Court had in the past suggested separation of investigation from law and order duties of the police to ensure expeditious investigation as well as maintenance of law and order.Nitish said the new system would prove a milestone in police functioning and yield encouraging results. \"Those assigned investigation job will do their duty in a scientific manner taking the help of forensic science laboratory's experts and those involved in law and order maintenance duty will do their job,\" said the CM and added that all necessary resources would be provided to the police.With the new arrangement, he said, the investigation work would not suffer since it has been seen that in case of violent incidents maintenance of law and order becomes priority of the police due to public protest or tension in the locality. It has also been noticed that many vital evidences are destroyed at the place of occurrence due to late start of investigation.Emphasizing on adoption of modern technology and scientific methods to fight crime, the CM said, \"Our target would be not only to catch the criminals, but also their sponsors.\"The CM also stressed on recruitment of more policemen. He said though the appointment of inspectors, sub-inspectors and assistant sub-inspectors through the Staff Selection Commission was a time-taking process, the constables could be recruited by the home (police) department on its own. \"We want to increase the number of policemen to bring the police-public ratio on par with the national level,\" he added.DGP Abhyanand said it was a red letter day for the police and announced to keep one company of police riot control force in each district. Principal secretary, home, Amir Subhani said the new experiment would bring a definite change in the functioning of the police. Additional advocate general Lalit Kishore said this reform in police was urgently needed.The police stations covered under the new experiment are: Kotwali, Buddha Colony, Pataliputra, Digha, Gandhi Maidan, Kadamkuan, Pirbahore, SK Puri, Sachivalaya, Shastrinagar, Gardanibagh, Sultanganj, Alamganj, Agamkuan, Khajekalan, Deedarganj, Chowk, Malsalami, Kankerbagh, Jakkanpur, Danapur, Khagaul and Phulwarisharif.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12957084", "title": "Minor girl from Madhya Pradesh sold twice, police arrest three", "text": "JAIPUR: Anti-human trafficking cell of Dholpur police on Monday arrested three persons for allegedly purchasing and keeping a minor girl in hostage. They found the girl in the Taajpur village under the Basedi police station.According to the officials, the girl hails from a village in Shivpuri district of Madhya Pradesh and was allegedly sold by her mother and maternal aunt to a man in Dholpur, who resold her to another man. She was brought here by her mother, maternal aunt and two cousin brothers on the pretext of marriage.\"They brought the girl to Taajpur and sold her to one Sampat Gurjar (46) for Rs 80,000 in the third week of April. Later, Sampat Gurjar allegedly sold the same girl for Rs 1 lakh to one Rajendra Gurjar (35),\" said Rajendra Chauhan, in-charge, human trafficking cell, on Tuesday.When asked how the human trafficking cell came to know about it, Chauhan said, \"We got a tip-off that one Rajendra Gurjar along with two others had purchased a minor girl and were bringing her to Taajpur village. Initially, the three men were detained and questioned. When they did not give satisfactory reply on the whereabouts of the girl, they were arrested.\"After the three were arrested, the girl was found and she narrated her plight to the officials. \"The girl in her statement to the magistrate said that her mother, maternal aunt and two cousins told her that they were getting her married. In mid-April, she was handed over to Sampat who told her that he had bought her for Rs 80,000. The girl also said she was sold again to one Rajendra Gurjar for Rs 1 lakh,\" Chauhan said quoting official statements of the girl.The girl also said she was not raped, Chauhan added.Police said that Madhya Pradesh police has also been intimated about the incident and efforts were on to nab the girl's mother, maternal aunt, two cousins.\"The girl has been handed over to the child welfare committee for the time being,\" Chauhan added.All the accused are in a police remand and have been booked under various sections of IPC and Anti-Human Trafficking Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12958118", "title": "Sibal softens, may end stand-off with Nitish over central varsity site", "text": "NEW DELHI: The stalemate between human resource development (HRD) minister Kapil Sibal and Bihar CM Nitish Kumar on site of the proposed central university in Bihar could be heading towards a resolution, with the former hinting that he was ready to visit the issue afresh.In an apparent softening of his stand, Sibal had told Rajya Sabha on Monday that he was willing to talk to Kumar to discuss the issue. \"I have rung up Nitish Kumarji, I have requested him for an appointment, I am willing to sit with him and decide as to what we should do about the Bihar central university as well. We have no problems\".Bihar CM has pitched Motihari as the site for the university on the ground that the district headquarters of East Champaran, where Mahatma Gandhi had launched his struggle for farmers, lacked quality educational infrastructure. The HRD ministry, however, insisted on Gaya as the HQ for what will be the first central university in Bihar.The duo is expected to meet in the national Capital, when the Bihar CM comes here to attend the CMs' conference on NCTC on May 5 amid indications that Congress leadership is keen that the matter is sorted out at the earliest as part of an ambitious outreach to Kumar ahead of the Presidential polls.Sibal's accommodative tone in the Upper House contrasted sharply with the ministry's earlier position that the location of the proposed university at Gaya was a done deal. The central ministry got around the state government's reluctance in giving land by getting the defence ministry to allot an unused plot.The switch in stand although part of Sibal's new-found conciliatory tack is being seen in the light of Congress's efforts to reach out to potential allies for the presidential elections, and the coming electoral challenges. With his image as someone who has tried to turn Bihar around and who comes off increasingly uneasy in BJP's partnership, Bihar CM appears to fit the bill.Sources in Congress acknowledged that the issue may no longer be handled through the administrative prism alone, and that larger political context may now be a factor in the eventual decision on the university's location.The Bihar CM has kept up the pressure for the selection of Motihari. The second leg of the budget session saw NDA MPs from Bihar, staging a rally to protest HRD ministry's moves to get the central university start functioning from Bodh Gaya. The Bihar legislative assembly has also passed a unanimous resolution in this regard.Kumar has in recent communications with the HRD ministry rejected the argument that Motihari could not be an appropriate spot for the central university because of poor connectivity vis-a-vis Gaya that has an international airport. Nitish pointed out Raxaul, which is 50 km from Motihari, also has an airport and the town is connected with a four-lane highway.Ministry sources feel that the running battle could see a possible end, with Sibal relenting to start the university headquartered in Gaya with a second campus in Motihari. The Bihar university, one of the 12 such insititutes announced in early 2009, is cramped for space. The ministry has been adamant on not shifting the university to Motihari citing lack of social and physical infrastructure that could adversely impact the number of students and faculty visiting it.The Centre's reluctance for Motihari comes from experience in past experiences, where once established, varsities ran into trouble in attracting both faculty and students. Sources said the central university of Odisha at Koraput had a sanctioned strength of 48 faculty members, but had managed to get only 10 while Tamil Nadu central university in Thiruvarur had a sanctioned strength of 24 faculty members, but could fill only six.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12961081", "title": "Vidhu uses Sachin Tendulkar's name in Ferrari Ki Sawaari promo", "text": "Convincing Sachin Tendulkar to make an all important cameo appearance in Ferrari Ki Sawaari may take Vidhu Vinod Chopra a few more meetings. But for now, the cricketer has allowed his trademarked name to be used in the promos of the film.The theatrical trailer of the film that till now showed lead actor Sharman Joshi mentioning that Sanjay Dutt owns a Ferrari has been changed to incorporate Sachin's name instead. Mirror has learnt that the new tweaked promo will now be screened with Mahesh Bhatt's Jannat 2 that releases this Friday.The official spokesperson of Vidhu Vinod Chopra Productions confirmed the news saying, \"Now it is Sachin Tendulkar in place of Sanjay Dutt.\"Now, using the name Sachin Tendulkar is not as easy as it sounds. The cricketer has his name trademarked, which requires his permission and a list of formalities to be completed, before being used in any public video, film or advert. However, for Vidhu Vinod Chopra, it wasn't as tough.Vidhu it seems is rather close to Sachin. In fact, it was the filmmaker who asked Sachin to get on to social networking. Sachin had later used the very platform to express his happiness over Sharman's casting in Ferrari Ki Sawaari.A source close to the project told us, \"Vidhu had been trying to convince Sachin to make an appearance in the film. But Sachin hasn't reverted yet. However, he has agreed to the usage of his name in the film's theatrical promo.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12958712", "title": "Agency uses goons to seize property on bank's behalf, draws High Court flak", "text": "CHENNAI: Graduating from the practice of hiring rough collection agents to seize vehicles or recover loans from customers, a security agency engaged by a bank employed about 40 musclemen to take possession of an industrial unit, inviting the wrath of the Madras high court.A division bench comprising Justice D Murugesan and Justice K K Sasidharan, disapproving of the forcible dispossession done, said: \"The petitioner very clearly explained the manner in which the securitization company (engaged by the bank) took possession of the property by employing musclemen. This is not the way in which possession should be taken over. We can't approve such forcible dispossession.\"Noting that the agency was making a false claim that the possession was taken over from a watchman peacefully, the bench said: \"The securitization company had taken the assistance of the secretary of the Poonamallee Criminal Court Bar Association for the reasons best known to them, and he has signed as a witness. The company appears to have no concern for the law of the land. Merely because it is a securitization company, it cannot be said it is above law.\"The matter relates to a petition filed by Esteem Polimer Products, located at Kuthambakkam in Tiruvallur district. The company had taken a loan from Axis Bank by mortgaging a property. According to the petition, on April 7, about 40-50 people led by a security agency owner and an advocate landed at the compound and evicted everyone from the premises and took possession of the stock and machineries by intimidation. The company wanted the court to restore possession of the premises to it.The securitization company - Asset Reconstruction Company Private Limited - engaged by the bank claimed that it had taken possession of the property peacefully and that there was only one watchman in the factory when the premises was taken over.The judges, pointing out that there are materials to prove that the industrial unit in question was a tenant at the premises, said it could be evicted only as per the provisions of the Tamil Nadu Buildings (Lease and Rent) Control Act 1960.As per the Securitisation and Reconstruction of Financial Assets and Enforcement of Security Interest Act, 2002 (SARFAESI Act), the securitization company can very take possession of the asset in case there is no resistance (from the borrower), the judges said. But in case of resistance, it must approach the magistrate concerned and obtain an order under Section 14 of the SARFAESI Act, they said. \"The securitization company cannot be permitted to engage goondas to take possession of property,\" the judges said.Stressing that recovery process has to be in accordance with law, they said: \"If any action is taken for recovery in violation of such guidelines or principles as laid down by the Supreme Court, such an action cannot but be struck down.\"Directing the securitization company to restore possession of the property to Esteem Ploimer, the bench appointed two advocate-commissioners to oversee the handing over of the property and machinery after verification.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12957899", "title": "Govt\u2019s bid to widen tax base comes unstuck", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government's efforts to widen the tax base are not paying off. New tax payers added over the past three years show a decline, while a staggering 89% of existing assessees are bunched in the lowest income bracket of Rs 5 lakh or less a year.Numbers point to a worrying trend the government would want to reverse as while 17,84,709 assessees were added in 2008-09, the figure slid to 16,75,069 and 14,82,229 over 2009-10 and 2010-11. While 2008-09 witnessed a slowdown, the next two years were seen as stable.Official sources said the decline in assessees could in part be explained by changes in basic exemption limits for tax payers, a year of slowdown and a slowing growth trajectory thereafter. But with overall growth still near 7% along with a young workforce, the trend is puzzling.While figures for new assessees are down, the total number of \"effective assessees\" for all categories of tax payers like company, individual, Hindu undivided families, firms and trusts for the same period also show uneven growth - 326,50,627 for 2008-09 and 340,85,426 and 337,39,124 for 2009-10 and 2010-11.In percentage terms, 89% of tax payers are in the Rs 0-5lakh slab, 5.5% in the Rs 5 lakh-10 lakh slab and 1.3% in the above Rs 20 lakh segment.A drop in new tax payers comes in spite of measures like making quoting of PAN for certain transactions mandatory like sale or purchase of immovable property valued at Rs 5 lakh or more, sale of motor vehicles and hotel payments for amounts exceeding Rs 25,000 at one go.The government informed Parliament's standing committee on finance that information collected through reporting of cash deposits aggregating Rs 10 lakh, purchase of property valued at Rs 30 lakh or more and expanding areas of tax deduction at source are intended to bring more people in the tax net.The Central Board of Direct Taxes has put failure to boost new assessees to provisions \"such as grant of additional exemptions, increase in basic exemption.\" The Board added assessees have also reduced due to \"closure of business, demise of tax payer, retirement\".What is baffling officials is that measures like withdrawal of excise exemption, imposition of excise duties on readymade garments, service tax on new services and a \"negative list\" approach has not helped much. Some sources wondered if processes by which statistics are reported needed revision.Part of the problem was indentified by the finance committee in a recent report that noted: The Rs 0-2 lakh income slab has 2.02 crore tax payers with the number decreasing to 56.73 lakh in the Rs 2 lakh- Rs 4 lakh slab. Tax collected in the Rs 0-10 lakh segment is Rs 21,094 crore, and corresponding figures for Rs 10 lakh -20 lakh are Rs 10,185 crore. In the Rs 20 lakh and above segment, Rs 53,170 crore was collected from only 1.85 lakh tax payers.\"The figures only confirm the view that the tax structure and prevailing tax regime is regressive - both for the individual as well as corporate tax payers...the committee is astonished that 90% comprise of individual tax payers in the Rs 0-5 lakh income slab without commensurate tax yield.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12958408", "title": "Students from National Capital Region protest at Amity campus, demand action", "text": "GURGAON: Students of different educational institutions in the NCR, led by Beenalakshmi Nepram, a Meghalaya-based social activist, gathered at the Amity University campus here to protest against the university administration and police for not taking any action against those allegedly responsible for the suicide of 21-year-old MBA student Dana Silva M Sangma.Protesters lit lamps and offered flowers in the memory of Dana. The family members of Dana, who had also joined the protest, visited her hostel room and met the deputy vice-chancellor, Major General Suhag. Meghalaya CM Mukul Sangma's daughter Maina Shera, cousin of Dana, also took part in the protest and said a candle-light vigil would be held at India Gate in Delhi for Dana on Wednesday.Around 50 to 60 students, along with the NSUI district president, Niraj Singh, demonstrated at the main gate of the Amity University in Pachgaon, Gurgaon, on NH-8. Niraj Singh told IANS: \"Students at Amity seem to be tense and under pressure from the university administration. Looking at the inaction after the suicide of Dana Sangma, they fear for their future.\" Singh added that more than 400 students from the university took part in the demonstration.The deputy vice chancellor, however, said that the students were busy in the exams and were not under any kind of pressurize. He assured them that justice would be done.Earlier, the Amity University authorities tried to calm students saying there was no cover-up in Dana's death probe.Agitating students alleged that Dana was not only accused of cheating, invigilator Supereo Ghatak had also threatened \"to finish her career\". Students stood with banners and slogans at the university gate but the security guards did not let them enter the university campus.Shishir, a student of Delhi's Shri Ram College of Commerce said they agitation will be on until the truth came out.Anguished protestors also criticized the way the Haryana police has handled the case. Police have registered a case against the university administration under the SC/ST Atrocities Act and Section 306 (abetting suicide) of the IPC but no one has been detained so far.A senior police officer said that the forensic reports of Dana's mobile phone and parts of the answer sheet would come out in two to three days and necessary action would be taken against the guilty.Meanwhile, the internal inquiry report of the university was submitted to the vice chancellor. The inquiry was conducted by a five-member committee constituted under the chairmanship of pro-vice chancellor Padmakali Banerjee.Dana was surfing net on cellphone, confirms deputy vice-chancellorGURGAON: Amity deputy vice-chancellor Major General B S Suhag on Tuesday confirmed that Dana Sangma's mobile phone was on during the examination that day and that she was surfing the internet. However, he said it was not clear whether the phone was in her hand or inside the pocket. He also refused to disclose the details of the website she was looking at.The mobile phone was in Dana's hand but she had put it in her pocket after the invigilator took notice , said a source. Later, she had switched off her phone in her room. A police officer, who took the mobile in custody from Dana's room, has confirmed that the mobile was switched off.Meanwhile, Suhag said that the invigilator, Supereo Ghatak, has returned from leave and gave his statement to both the police and the five-member university inquiry committee. \"Last year, nine students were caught for using mobile phone in the examination hall. We lodged a case of use of unfair means against the students and also cancelled their paper,\" said Suhag.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mayiladuthurai", "code": "12959083", "title": "Adheenams Demand Repeal Of Nithyananda Appointment", "text": "MAYILADUTHURAI: The Madurai Adheenam must withdraw the appointment of Nithyananda within ten days or else the matter would be taken both to the government and the court, said a resolution passed at a meeting of eleven Adheenams on Tuesday in Mayiladuthurai.The meeting had been called by Dharmapuram Adheenam with the concurrence of Thiruvavaduthurai Adheenam to discuss the issue of the controversial Nithyananda being elevated to the Madurai Peedam. There are a total of 18 Adheenams in Tamil Nadu . The meeting on Tuesday passed three resolutions, one of which delivered an ultimatum to the incumbent Madurai Adheenam to mend his ways and not meddle with religious matters of highest importance. The second resolution said that if he did not comply with the demands of the first resolution then the matter would be taken to the government for decisive arbitration. The third resolution said that if the government too failed to find an amicable solution then the committee of Adheenams would be left with no other option but to knock at the doors of relevant courts till the matter is resolved and the people of dubious distinctions are thwarted from occupying high offices of religious importance. The meeting also underlined the point that such controversies set a bad precedence both in public and religious life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12958752", "title": "State has 231 schooldays, fourth highest in India", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka has the fourth highest number of working days for schools in the country: 232 in rural schools and 231 in urban schools. On an average, the number of working days in India at the primary school level is 222. At the upper primary level, it is 225 in urban areas and 223 in rural areas. In the US, the norm is 180 days. Experts say more instructional days help students to learn better.When it comes to the urban schools, Jharkhand has 238 working days, Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Bihar 236, and Punjab and Tripura 233. Karnataka and Gujarat share the fourth position with 231 days.As for rural schools, Tripura has the highest number of working days (241) in a year, followed by Dadra and Nagar Haveli (238) and Bihar (235). Nagaland has a low of 189. Kerala, India's first fully literate state, has its schools open on 198 days in a year.The data was compiled and published by the District Information System for Education (DISE). This is the first time that DISE has collected data on the number of instructional days.\"The norm in Karnataka is that lower primary schools should have 220 days and upper primary schools 240 days. The DISE figures show what happens on the ground. It's normal that there is a difference between urban and rural schools,\" says AS Seetaramu , consultant, Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan.Experts say the Indian numbers are ideal, but emphasize that it's important how school time is utilized.\"Across the world, studies suggest that more instructional days do children good,\" says Maya Menon, founder of Teachers' Foundation.Experts feel it's important for children to spend more time in school.Says Maya Menon, founder of Teachers' Foundation : \"This is especially for children from poorer backgrounds where the stimulation at home is far less than that he gets at school. There are studies which have proved that learning levels in children dip after long summer breaks. But the concern should be how much of this time is utilized properly for teaching.\"M S Thimmappa, psychologist and former vice-chancellor of Bangalore University agrees: \"It's always better to have more days in schools. For the kind of syllabus we have in schools, it requires more days to learn and more contact with teachers. In a city like Bangalore, what constructive work will a child do during non-working days? It's either TV, internet or video games.\"\"The National Curriculum Framework suggests the number of days should be between 220 and 230. This is ideal for the mental growth of children. There's sufficient time to complete the portions and give children the space to be themselves,\" says HS Rama Rao, director, department of state education research and training.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12958027", "title": "Security for elected representatives in Gadchiroli: home minister RRPatil", "text": "NAGPUR: State home minister RR Patil , also guardian minister for Gadchiroli, on Tuesday assured security arrangements for elected members of local civic bodies in Naxal-affected regions in the backdrop of the rebels targeting political leaders and bureaucrats. The state home minister also said that the district administration has been also asked to review the roles of police patils in the villages.Despite Patil's presence in the district to observe Maharashtra Day on Tuesday, five elected representatives of the local civic body of Bhamragarh submitted their resignations before the authorities following the diktat of the Naxals. One of the Panchayat Samiti members to resign was from Nationalist Congress Party of which Patil is a senior leader. \"Based upon intelligence reports, we would try to provide security to elected representatives according to the threats they face,\" said Patil. He also said that a resource pool of experts, who have worked in such conflict zones, would be created to ensure better government schemes are created and implemented.Following elections in February earlier this year in Bhamragarh, Etapalli and Korchi, the rebels had asked elected representatives of the newly-formed civic bodies to submit their resignations on Maharashtra Day.A zilla parishad and four panchayat samiti members were among the ones who had submitted the resignations following the Naxal threat. Among the ones who had furnished their resignations was panchayat samiti chairperson Nirmala Sadmek, along with her deputy Malu Madavi, both from BJP. The same party's Ranjana Uikey and NCP's Gangaram Bhandekar, both PS members, and ZP member Madani Bogami from Laheri too had quit their posts. Bogami's husband Malu Gopa, who was a senior politician, was murdered by Naxals in the past.Patil, who visited Jarawandi and Pendri in Gatta on Tuesday, said that the resignations furnished under the pressure from Naxals would not be accepted. \"We would try to ensure safety of the elected representatives,\" said Patil. He added that apart from policing in civil uniforms, patrolling around the residences of such elected representatives would be stepped up.Regarding the role of police patils in villages of the Naxal-affected regions, Patil said that the district administration has been asked to submit a report within 15 days before the government. \"We need to know whether keeping such a police patil is of any use for the people or the administration,\" he said.The state home minister also said that government employees would be required to travel to remote places for better reach of the government schemes. Patil also spoke about bettering the interstate coordination and introducing newer government schemes for tackling Naxals.Patil reached Gadchiroli on Monday morning and visited the home of local NCP leader Kewal Atkamwar who was slain by Naxals recently. Patil also took a security review meeting in Gadchiroli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12957954", "title": "3 months for pesticide guidelines", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi high court on Monday gave three months time to an experts committee set up by it, to frame guidelines to check presence of pesticide residues in fruit and vegetables available in open market in the city.A bench of Justice S K Kaul and Justice Rajiv Shakdher also accepted the plea of a pesticide manufacturer seeking direction to the panel to allow their suggestions while framing the guidelines on pesticides.The court directed the six-member committee of experts to file its report containing the guidelines by August 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12960800", "title": "Hit films to be remade for Tamil audience", "text": "DELHI BELLY, the super hit Imran Khan starrer will now be made in Tamil. UTV Motion Pictures is all set for the remake. Produced by UTV Motion Pictures and Aamir Khan Productions, the film was directed by Abhinay Deo in English and later dubbed in Hindi.Now we will have its Tamil version, which will be directed by R. Kannan. Kannan is the director of JAYAMKONDAN and KANDEN KADHALAI.The Tamil remake is yet to be titled. It is said that in Tamil version, Arya will play the role of Imran Khan. Arya has won hearts and is the new heartthrob since Vettai, also a UTV release. Santhanam, also known as the No.1 comedian of Tamil cinema will play the role of Kunaal Roy Kapur. Premgi will play the role of Vir Das. The roles of the air hostess and journalist will be played by Hansika and Anjali respectively.Nasser, the popular character artiste who plays the bad boy with ease, will play the role originally played by Vijay Raaz. The film is also reported to have other known stars in some pivotal roles.Despite this fact, the core theme and screenplay of the film has been retained. To suit the Tamil tastes and sensibilities, the film has been adapted by a three-writer team. The dialogues of the film will be from John Mahendran, the writer of SACHIEN fame.Siddharth Roy Kapur, CEO, UTV Motion Pictures, said \"Our next Hindi release ROWDY RATHORE is a remake of the superhit Telugu film VIKRAMARKUDU, which was also remade in Tamil as SIRUTHAI, another superhit. In the past we have successfully remade our Hindi productions in the South, like KHOSLA KA GHOSLA (in Tamil) and A WEDNESDAY (in Tamil and Telugu). Some content transcends culture and language, and draws audiences in for the sheer quality of story telling. In the same vein, we believe DELHI BELLY will work superbly well with Tamil audiences and we are thrilled with the exceptionally adapted screenplay that a team of young writers has developed. We have brought on actors who are youthful and popular, along with a very skilled director at the helm, and we are confident that the great content of DELHI BELLY will act as a bridge for cinema loving audiences across languages. \"This film's music will be written by the current youth icon, Thaman. Its cinematography will be P.G. Muthiah's product. Muthiah has Poo, Kanden Kadhalai, and Saguni to his credit. Editing will be by Leo, and art irection by Videsh, The film's stunts will be by Silva and costumes by Deepali.The film is slated to hit the floors in Chennai on 7th May 2012 and expected to be completed by October 2012 for a 2013 Pongal release.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12964282", "title": "482 out of 872 MiG fighters inducted since 1966 have crashed: Antony to RS", "text": "NEW DELHI: Defence minister A K Antony on Wednesday told the Rajya Sabha that 482 of the 872 MiG fighters inducted since 1966 had crashed, killing a total of 171 pilots, 39 civilians, 8 service personnel and 1 aircrew.The MiG series aircraft were inducted starting from MiG-21s in 1960s/1970s to MiG-29s in 1980s. The training of initial batches of pilots for the MiG series aircraft was carried out in erstwhile USSR, followed by training for the rest of the pilots in India.The procurement cases involving Russian origin MiG-21 Bis and MiG-27 aircraft involved Transfer of Technology (ToT) and license production by HAL.The causes of the high crash rate of these fighters are attributed to both human error and technical defects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12961296", "title": "BMC removes 14 illegal hoardings", "text": "BHOPAL: The Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) on under its drive against illegal hoardings on Tuesday removed hoardings from different places in the state capital.A BMC release said that 14 illegal hoardings from Bittan market, Chetak Bridge, Hoshangabad road, Nutan college and MP Nagar were removed.The BMC squad seized all the material required to set up a hoarding including iron rods and flexes.Public hearing: Around six cases relating to civic issues came up for hearing in the head office of Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) during the weekly public hearing on Tuesday.Mayor Krishna Gaur and BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava were present in the hearing. Around 12 cases were heard by the zonal officers in all the 14 zone offices of the corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12963620", "title": "Ali Zafar to receive the Dadasaheb Phalke Award", "text": "With three consecutive hit movies in a row, Pakistan singer turned singer Ali Zafar has earned himself immense respect and goodwill in Bollywood over just two years. The actor will be receiving this year the most prestigious Dadasaheb Phalke academy award at Mumbai on 3 rd May.This event is held annually regarding the celebration of Dada Saheb Phalke Jayanti where most senior members of various craft of film production sector including producers, distributors, exhibitors and actors are honored by presenting trophies for their outstanding services to the film Industry. It is a prestigious event for Indian cinema and every Bollywood actor dreams of being honored with the award.According to Ammara Hikmat, Ali Zafar's publicist who spoke to us from Pakistan confirmed us, \" Ali was in Dubai and has just flown down to India today . He shall be present at the award ceremony in Mumbai. Its a prestigious award and Ali is extremely happy and excited to receive the award.\"Some of the other prominent awardees at this 143 rd Dadasaheb Phalke academy award event are Amitabh Bachchan, Tanuja, Vinod Khanna,Ajay Devgan (Singham),Vidya Balan ( The Dirty Picture ),aheeda Rehman,Saira Banu - Dilip Kumar , Rohit Shetty ,Dilip Sen- Sameer Sen - Parivar,Chaitanya Padukone,Ekta Kapoor,Ram Kapoor,(Bade Achhe Lagte Hain),Saakshi Tanvar(Bade Achhe Lagte Hain), Parineeti Chopra,Farhan Akhtar(Zindagi Naa Milegi Dobara),Prakash Raj,Ram Gopal Gupta,Gurudas Maan,Neila Devi(Shammi Kapoor's wife).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12960171", "title": "Allahabad-based Gandhians want Gopal Gandhi as President", "text": "ALLAHABAD: City-based Gandhians have demanded that all political parties should back the candidature of Mahatma Gandhi's grandson and former diplomat Gopal Krishna Gandhi for the President of India. The name of Gopal Krishna Gandhi, who has also served as West Bengal governor, is doing rounds for President's post.Convenor, Akhil Bhartiya Gandhi Vichar Andolan Manch, Ashok Kumar Gupta said, \"Perhaps Gandhiji is the only person in the history of the country who despite remaining at the helm of affairs in guiding the course of nation's destiny never vouched for any post. The same holds true for his family members also in the backdrop of the fact that none of them ever clamoured for power by virtue of their lineage\".He added that the Manch has been making efforts to ensure that Gandhiji is given due respect and weightage for his selfless contribution towards the country which would be remembered by generations to come. This was the reason why we took up the issue related to auction of his personal items by a leading auction house of Great Britain.Gupta said Gopal Krishna Gandhi should be made the President since he enjoys a clean and non-controversial image. In this connection, the Manch has also faxed letters to Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalitha, DMK chief K Karunanidhi, SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav , West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerji, NCP chief Sharad Pawar and Congress president Sonia Gandhi.Another Gandhian and president, UP Advocates Asssociation, Ramesh Chandra Srivasatva said: \"Gopal Krishna Gandhi is a non-controversial person and there would be no divergent views among political parties on his candidature.\"Holding similar views a retired teacher and Gandhian, Prof Shyam Bihari Jaiswal said, \"Gandhian principles hold relevance in the present context can be gauged from the fact that countries like US and UK have set up special chairs in the name of Gandhiji. If his grandson occupies the highest office of the country then it would add another feather to the cap of illustrious history of India\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "12958246", "title": "Bicholim suffers from water shortage", "text": "BICHOLIM: Residents of Bicholim and surrounding areas have been facing acute water shortage as taps at higher altitudes are running dry while those in low-lying areas are getting water supply with very low pressure.Sonar Peth, Lakherem-Bordem, Wadakade-Bordem, Lamgao, some parts of Bhailipeth, Pajwada and other areas have been severely affected over the last many days even as it has become almost impossible for the people to face the extreme summer heat.\"Though the issue of water scarcity was common during Congress rule, this is the first time that citizens from Bicholim and surrounding areas are facing acute water shortage during BJP reign. We are sure that chief minister Manohar Parrikar will sort out this issue,\" said Abhay Kapadi of Sonar Peth.Pravin Teli from Bhalipeth said, \"No PWD official has been concerned about the issue and they have been treating the matter very casually.\" Hectic level mining activities has led to drying up of most of the natural water reservoirs in Bicholim and surrounding areas. Wells are also running dry due to rampant mining activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12957754", "title": "Maharashtra gets maximum Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission projects, but Gujarat completes most", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra may have managed to get a maximum number of projects sanctioned under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) as the Congress-NCP combine is in power in both New Delhi and Mumbai, but it has not been able to utilize this advantage to the fullest. The state has been sanctioned 80 projects costing Rs11,600 crore. It had completed only 14 projects by the end of March 2012. To be fair to the state, many projects, especially those being undertaken in Greater Mumbai region are of bigger scale and were expected to take longer time for completion.On the other hand Gujarat was sanctioned 72 projects costing Rs5,605 crore of which it has completed 36. The record of Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh is also far better than that of Maharashtra. Karnataka has got 47 projects costing Rs3,693 crore of which 21 have been completed while Andhra has got 52 projects costing Rs 4,988 crore and18 have been completed.Between 2004-05 and 2011-12, a primary allocation of Rs5,505 crore was made for the state for projects costing Rs11,600 crore. As per JNNURM cost sharing norms, the central share for the 80 projects was Rs 5,171 crore of which Rs 3,955 crore was released till March 2012.On the other hand, the primary allocation for Gujarat's 72 projects costing Rs 5,605 crore was Rs 2,579 crore. The central share for these projects was Rs 2,475 crore against which the state received Rs 1,837 crore.The 14 complete projects of the state include: Thane - a 110 MLD water supply scheme, a traffic improvement scheme and three sewerage projects, Nagpur - improvement in water supply network, water audit and energy audit, Nanded - road network improvement and river front development, Nashik - solid waste management and Pune - a pilot mass rapid transport system (MRTS) project, a subway and an approach road.Gujarat has completed a large number of railway overbridges (RoBs) and flyovers, water supply schemes and some sewerage schemes under JNNURM so far. A pilot bus rapid transport system (BRTS) for a 12km stretch has started in Ahmedabad. Karnataka has also completed a large number of RoBs and flyovers and other traffic management projects under the central scheme. Andhra has paid attention to several sectors - bridges, water supply and sewerage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12957901", "title": "National School of Drama comes to city with \u2018Yayavar\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The coming weekend would bring along a visual retreat for the theatre enthusiasts in the city as the NSD (National School of Drama) Repertory Company from Delhi is coming to the city with their two-day theatre festival 'Yayavar'.Three plays, directed by Ranjeet Kapoor, would be staged during the festival. These plays will be based on stories of Anton Chekhov, Vijay Dan Detha and Phanishwar Nath Renu.The festival is a theatrical tour during which groups of students from National School of Drama are staging plays in different parts of the country. Anuradha Kapoor, director, NSD, says, \"Yayavar looks forward to spreading the magic of theatre across the country. It was my dream to take NSD to different parts of the country and stage plays to revive the traditional theatre. Yayavar is a step in this direction.\" The festival has already been staged in Andhra Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh.In Chandigarh, it will begin on May 6 with \"Chekhov Ki Duniya\"- a collection of six short stories by Anton Chekhov, which portray the realities of everyday life. The first story \"Besahara Aurat\" features a wild woman with a nervous disorder, who tries to extort money from a banker, while \"Dooba Hua Aadmi\" is a story of a rich man who drowns himself for a small fee. The third story, \"Shikari\", is about a man who gives an instructional sessions on seducing women while \"Cheenk\" is an ironic tale of a sneezer who couldn't apologize enough to a blustering general for sneezing on his head at an opera. Chekhov's \"Surgery\" is story of a man with a sever toothache, who faces an inexperienced dental assistant and the last story, \"The Gift\", is a tale of a father who thrusts his shy, 19-year-old, son into manhood by taking him to a house of ill repute, leaving the boy more perplexed than ever. On May 7, two stories \"Aadamzaad\" by Vijay Dan Dethu and \"Panchlight\" by Phanishwar Nath Renu would be staged.The plays would be staged at the auditorium of Vivek High School, Sector 38, Chandigarh from 6.30pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12959135", "title": "Baby Hina\u2019s mom to join the girl-child campaign", "text": "BANGALORE: Heavy with rage in her belly and sorrow in her heart, Reshma Banu joins the global walk against gendercide on Saturday, even as her little baby daughter Hina sleeps eternally. Hina is one among 7,000 baby girls who are killed by uncaring parents every day in India. In fact, 50 million girls have gone unaccounted for in the last 100 years.This past century has contributed to skewing the male versus female ratio to as low as 60 % in certain states, thanks to the practice of female foeticide. So when Bangalore-born filmmaker Nyna Pais-C aputi came to India from San Francisco to adopt a baby, she found there were hardly any girls. \"She went ahead and took a boy back, but with fresh awareness of the widely prevalent problem of gendercide in India. Soon, Nyna decided to make a documentary and simultaneously initiated The Global Walk for India's Missing Girls, an annual peace march, starting 2010. Today, the walk has spread to countries like Australia, Dubai and Canada ,\" says Jacqueline Colaco, organizer, Bangalore Walk.Jacqueline initiated this year's walk in the wake of Hina's death. \"Although I am a person with disability, I organized the walk last year with the help of a few friends. We gathered at Cubbon Park and I was surprised to see that over 200 people had joined us, many sharing their stories. As per this year's plans, the walks are scheduled to take place in September in different countries.\"But less then two weeks ago, news of baby Hina's brutal assault by her father and ensuing death left me heartbroken. So I approached Nyna who happens to be my niece and suggested we have the walk right away,\" she says.With Nyna's consent, Jacqueline went about tracing Reshma. \"I tracked down her brother and visited the family. Reshma was insistent on being part of the walk and sharing with others the brutality with which her child was tortured. She wanted to tell people how to avoid being tortured by their husbands.''Reshma feels this march is a step towards vanquishing discrimination against the girl child in India. \"My sadness hasn't lessened and I don't want any mother to face such sorrow. I am keen that my husband gets tortured double the degree, to which he subjected Hina,'' asserts the brave mother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12957791", "title": "Yuvraj Singh seeks his gurus\u2019 advice", "text": "CHANDIGARH: India's World Cup hero Yuvraj Singh on Tuesday sought guidance from his spiritual gurus on his comeback to international cricket. Soon after landing in his hometown Chandigarh for the first time after his successful recovery from a rare germ cell cancer, Yuvraj, along with mother Shabnam, headed for Fatehgarh Sahib near here to seek blessings from his gurus Hansaliwale Baba Ajit Singh and Baba Ram Singh.\"We are going to thank our gurus for all the love, support and blessings they have showered on my son. He will ask them about his comeback to international cricket and that will then decide the date. Yuvi is very religious and likes to go and visit his gurus on his own. I don't have to tell him anymore to be religious. He visited his gurus even before the World Cup last year,\" Yuvraj's mother told TOI just before leaving for Fatehgarh Sahib.\"It's all because of them that he had a good outing in the World Cup and then recovered so well,\" said the cricketer's personal attendant RK Kapoor.Clad in an aqua green tee and beige trousers, local boy Yuvraj arrived in Chandigarh from Mumbai at 11:30 am on Tuesday. Amid a delirious crowd, pushing forward to have a close look of the cricketer, Yuvraj had a tough time alighting from his car.Facing a battery of reporters, the swashbuckling lefthander fielded questions on his comeback game, inspiration and even Rajya Sabha jokes on Tendulkar.\"Thanks for your wishes. I will reiterate that I was most inspired by the (cycling legend and cancer survivor) Lance Armstrong and his book,\" he told reporters.The cricketer obliged a posse of fans, including children, who were carrying miniature bats and demanded autographs from him. Many of them had brought presents and greeting cards to wish him.Later, the cricketer along with his brother Zoravar waved at the fans who refused to move away.A few minutes after the arrival at his Manimajra home, Yuvraj tweeted: \"Media walon! Please mujhe ghar jaane do, havoc in chd.\"Yuvraj, also mentioned about his brief meeting with Bollywood actor Anupam Kher while on the flight from Mumbai to Chandigarh.\"Was lovely to see him and chat about his new Hollywood flick! Wish you all the best\" he wrote on the Twitter. Yuvraj was served his favourite dish of kadhi-chawal prepared by the domestic cook Anand, who comes from Uttarakhand.\"Madam (Shabnam) had instructed that Yuvraj had requested for his favourite. We served him kadhi chawal and some rotis,\" cook Anand said.Later in the evening, the cricketer also had a pizza ordered for him, said the cook.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12966663", "title": "Randeep Hooda insists calling Sunny Leone by real name", "text": "While shooting with her on 'Jism 2', Randeep Hooda insists on calling Sunny Leone by her birth name.Randeep Hooda who is presently shooting with an actress encourages her after every scene saying 'Good shot Karenjit'. Now guess who the actress is? Before you think that the name sounds alien in Bollywood and perhaps Randeep might be shooting for some Punjabi film, let us tell you the actress is very much doing a Bollywood film. In fact she is the current talk of town in Bollywood!Well, we are talking about Sunny Leone. And the film in question is Pooja Bhatt's Jism 2 with which Sunny makes her Bollywood debut. Sunny has been frequently tagged by media as a porn star or an adult film actress - something which hasn't gone down well with the producers of Jism 2 , Pooja Bhatt and Dino Morea . But with the popularity that she has gained in the porn industry, the name Sunny Leone has almost become synonymous with the adjectives attached to it. Randeep plays it safe calling Sunny as Karenjit.Karenjit Kaur Vohra is Sunny Leone's birth name. She was born in a Punjabi family, brought up in US and subsequently rechristened as Sunny Leone. She was wrongly being called as Karen Malhotra by many after Salman Khan erroneously introduced her by that name on Bigg Boss 5 . After much of hullabaloo over her name and her identity, it seems like Randeep Hooda got it right finally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12960896", "title": "CWG scam: New case registered by CBI", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI today registered a fresh case of alleged irregularities in laying down of synthetic tracks in five stadia for the 2010 Commonwealth Games and carried out searches at 20 locations.CBI sources said searches were going on at 20 locations across the NCR, Kolkata and Siliguri.The alleged irregularities have caused a loss of about Rs 30 crore to the exchequer, they said.The search locations include residential premises of officials of CPWD, DDA and also premises of a private sports equipment manufacturer, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12958918", "title": "Top officials of DGCA face axe for job scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: Aviation minister Ajit Singh, who took charge last December, has cracked the whip on senior Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) officials who got their children - some with even doubtful flying credentials - employed in airlines without taking prior clearance from the government. The ministry had been sitting for about a year on the DGCA chief vigilance officer's (CVO) report that virtually indicted about 10 senior officials, including two joint DGs.With Singh launching a clean-up drive, the CVO's report has been referred to the Central Vigilance Commission (CVC) seeking \"advice on major penalty\" - that can even be dismissal or compulsory retirement - against seven senior officials and minor penalty against a director.\"The CVO's report shows employees did not follow rules (to get children employed in airlines by not taking the required government clearance). Some of the children of the officials named in the report did not possibly meet the requirements of their job. We need to take strict action to ensure that only people with right qualifications get such critical positions (like pilots). Strict action against these employees will help tackle this problem,\" Singh said.A ministry official said the DGCA brass who could face the music of major penalty are joint DG Charan Dass (daughter is a technician in SpiceJet); assistant director M M Kaushal (son is a trainee engineer in Jet); assistant director Rajiv Gaur (son is a trainee engineer in Merlin Hawk Aerospace); senior airworthiness officer R K Yadav (daughter is a engineer in Kingfisher and son a co-pilot in AI whose licence has been suspended); director airworthiness V P Massey (son and daughter arecopilots in SpiceJet and erstwhile Air Deccan); director air safety R S Passi (daughter is a co-pilot in SpiceJet with a cloud over her flying licence) and assistant director airworthiness James George (wife is a technical officer in Go Air).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12958260", "title": "Congress clueless about Cortalim candidate", "text": "PANAJI: True to its form during the recent assembly polls, the Congress is still \"deliberating\" on its candidate for the Cortalim bypoll on June 2.The BJP, who trounced the then ruling Congress at the March hustings, has already announced that Alina Saldanha will be inducted in the cabinet on May 6. Her candidature for the seat her late husband, Matanhy, had won, is merely pending an official announcement.Goa Pradesh Congress Committee president Subhash Shirodkar told TOI, \"We are in talks with a few aspiring candidates. The candidate will be finalized before May 10.\" May 16 is the last day for filing of nominations for the bypoll.The Congress had fielded Caitano Xavier for the Cortalim seat in March. He had lost to Matanhy, who died of a cardiac arrest on March 21, necessitating the bypoll.On Tuesday, Congress sources said the party is in touch with former Cortalim panch Raymond D'Sa and Goa Vikas Party (GVP) candidate during the assembly polls, Nelly Rodrigues.\"I am not very keen on contesting the Cortalim byelection as I have personal commitments and I have been selected for an international conference in Belgium,\" Rodrigues said when contacted.D'Sa, when asked, said, \"I have been approached by some Congress leaders, but I have not decided anything yet as I am busy with the panchayat elections.\" The panchayat polls are scheduled for May 16.Sources said a few Congress leaders are of the opinion that the party should get together with other parties to field a candidate against the BJP. \"Time is running out for the bypoll and unless all parties (GVP, Congress and United Goans Democratic Party) come together, it will be difficult to win the Cortalim byelection,\" said an aspiring candidate wishing not to be named. Congress sources also claimed the party is \"not very enthusiastic\" about the bypoll.Former PWD minister Churchill Alemao told TOI he has been approached by a panch and the sarpanch of Cortalim, but he has not decided yet whether to contest the bypoll or not.Alemao had recently said he was contemplating quitting the Congress as his family has been held responsible for the party's debacle at the assembly elections. Speculation is rife that Alemao may quit the Congress and join the UGDP to contest the Cortalim bypoll.Analysts say the row over the medium of instruction (grants to English medium primary schools) and the construction of the Mopa airport are likely to be the bypoll's burning issues.Alina's cabinet induction is seen as the BJP making sure her chances of winning the seat are not marred by the MoI controversy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12956588", "title": "Assault case booked against Jubilee Hills MLA\u2019s relative", "text": "HYDERABAD: A doctor has lodged a complaint against a family member of city MLA Vishnuvardhan Reddy for allegedly assaulting his father, who also happens to be a doctor at a private hospital in Sanathnagar.The accused, Ramchander Reddy, is the brother-in-law of Vishnu Vardhan Reddy. According to the complainant, Mohammed Zubair, on Sunday night, Reddy barged into his private hospital in Sanathnagar where his father Mohammed Osman works as a doctor.\"Reddy came to the hospital as a patient and he attacked my father with an iron rod without any provocation,\" Zubair stated in his complaint .Based on the complaint lodged by Zubair, police booked a case against Reddy under section 324 (voluntarily causing hurt with weapons) of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12957394", "title": "Sena shocks BJP by going with Cong in Chandrapur", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shiv Sena-Congress alliance for the Chandrapur mayoral election-held on Monday-has come as a jolt to the BJP, the Sena's poll ally for 25 years. While Sangeeta Amritkar of the Congress bagged the mayoralty with support from the Sena and a few independents, the Sena won the deputy mayor's post. Chandrapur is the political citadel of state BJP honcho Sudhir Mungantiwar.After the civic and zilla parishad elections, new political equations have been created in the state in a grim reminder that pursuit of power has eclipsed alliance dharma, say political observers.The Congress, which has for decades been riling the Sena for its communal politics, did not think twice before teaming up with it for the Thane mayoral election. And the NCP chose the MNS as its new friend in the Thane civic body.\"The BJP, which is miffed with us for joining hands with the Congress in Chandrapur, should do well to remember that it teamed up with the MNS in the Nashik municipal corporation, leaving the Sena in the lurch,\" said a senior Sena functionary from Nashik.Uddhav Thackeray's efforts to stop BJP-MNS from assuming the mayor's office in Nashik proved futile. As for the standing committee chairmanship, the Congress teamed up with Sena-NCP for it. BJP-MNS does not know what to do with the mayor's office, which is ceremonial and toothless. The Congress also won the presidentship of the Osmanabad zilla parishad with the Sena's support. To keep the Congress out of office, the NCP teamed up with Sena-BJP in the Amravati, Yavatmal, Gadchiroli and Ahmednagar zilla parishads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12957390", "title": "Canadian pianist\u2019s show to raise funds to house poor", "text": "MUMBAI: \"I want to bring comfort to people with my music, which I feel is a balm for the mind,'' said Richard Abel, 54, a well-known Canadian pianist. He will jam with other local musicians for a concert at St Andrew's Auditorium at 7.30pm on Wednesday. The proceeds of the show will go to Habitat for Humanity India, to be used for building homes for needy people in the country.Derek Talker, one of the organizers of the show, said Abel has to his credit 15 albums and 3DVDs. He combines music with stories and laughter and loves performing for charity, raising funds for causes.\"Habitat's campaign is to provide safe shelter for over 1 lakh families. The concert will also raise awareness about Habitat's Youth Build campaign, an initiative to mobilize 1 lakh youth across five countries in the Asia Pacific to say no to inadequate housing,'' said Talker.Helping Abel will be Turkish violinist Elif Nayman, Indian flautist, Shrish Malhotra, violinists, Freddy Dinshaw, Dielle Braganza, Brinstan D'Cruz, Arun Rozario, Dawn Jos, Ashley Rego and Elvina Fernandes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12958458", "title": "Okhla barrage clean-up: Principal secretary surveys area", "text": "NOIDA: A week after PWD and irrigation minister Shivpal Yadav directed Gautam Budh Nagar officials to de-silt the Okhla barrage at Kalindi Kunj, principal secretary, irrigation, Deepak Singhal conducted a preliminary inspection of the area to devise a plan to clean the reservoir.Accompanied by district magistrate MKS Sundaram and the senior superintendent of police, Singhal surveyed the 3 km stretch on Tuesday. \"The area witnesses heavy traffic during peak hours. Once the cleaning operation starts, trucks will be used to clear the silt from the bed of the barrage. This may disrupt traffic in the area,\" the DM said. \"In order to ensure minimum disturbance to vehicular traffic, we are contemplating whether to conduct the operation in the morning or evening,\" Sundaram said.The DM stressed that the cleaning the catchment area of the barrage would not only increase the water quantity but also improve its quality. \"The reservoir will be shut down for almost 15 days during the cleaning operation,\" Sundaram said.The officials also discussed the diversion plan for the drinking water once the operation is launched. \"The idea is to cause the least amount of inconvenience to the public,\" said the DM. \"We are planning to divert the drinking water to an old canal so that supply to Agra and Mathura is not affected for these 15 days,\" he said.Sundaram said they were still in the process of working out the cost burden. \"Though it is too premature to say, we have discussed the possibility of the irrigation department and Noida Authority sharing the cost that will be incurred,\" Sundaram said.During his visit to Noida last week, Yadav had said that the state government was keen on cleaning up the Yamuna at the Okhla barrage as it had not been de-silted in the last 25 years. Yadav had pointed out that the deposition of silt and garbage at the barrage had seriously affected water storage capacity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12956916", "title": "Lapses led to loss of lives in past too", "text": "JAIPUR: A death of 17-year-old girl has brought the procedural negligence of the hospital administration again to the fore. However, such negligence by the doctors and nursing staff in government hospitals is not new. In the past, many lives were lost due to the lapses on the part of the hospitals. Despite that, government is yet to take concrete steps to avoid such incidents.On April 21, a woman gave birth to a dead baby at her home in Chaksu. The woman, 24-year-old Zarina, had gone for medical check-up at a Community Health Centre (CHC). But since she was only eight months pregnant, the doctors did not admit her and sent her back. On returning home, she delivered a dead baby. Zarina's relatives accused doctors of carelessness.In another incident, a 25-year-old woman, Hasina Salimuddin, a resident of Galta area, died during delivery at Mahila hospital on March 6, 2012. Her family members along with a crowd protested outside the hospital, accusing them of negligence. Similarly, in a shocking incident in April, 2010, a seven month pregnant woman was refused medical aid by the Zanana hospital staff, as she was not inside the hospital premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12957422", "title": "A new look Narendra Modi soon?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For as long as his oldest aides can remember, chief minister Narendra Modi has always carried a comb in his pocket. He also carries a special shaving comb, which he brushes lightly on his beard to trim overgrowth.Political watchers had observed his hair-growth in 2007 when he last got a hair-transplant to reclaim part of his receding hairline and appear less bald for the December election campaign. During the treatment, he used to cover his head with a woolen cap, especially when out in the sun.For the last six months or so, it is the mane growing at the back which is catching the eye as he curls up a tuft enough to make a pony-tail.This is another hair-raising story! There is immense speculation on what is in store. Is it because of some religious belief that Modi is growing his hair? Is he donning a more saintly image? Or, is this preparation for another transplant in an assembly election year.Close aides say they have no idea why the chief minister does not don that well-groomed look anymore. On Tuesday, Modi was photographed at a function held at the Sabarmati riverfront in Ahmedabad to make his unique identity card. Throughout the programme, Modi was seen caressing his hair with his fingers as the cameras clicked away.Under the 'Aadhar' project, his iris scan was done and other biometric data was recorded. He saw the card and okayed all the data mentioned in it. While nothing else will change, sources say it is likely that Modi will look dramatically different a few months from now. This new hair-style will be most eagerly awaited. And even the mask may have to be re-made!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12958694", "title": "TTE arrested for suspected role in French national\u2019s assault", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The government railway police (GRP) on Tuesday arrested a travelling ticket examiner ( TTE) for his suspected role in an assault on a French national on board Amritsar-bound Sachkhand Express near Karnal two days earlier.GRP sources said they had recovered Frank Wilfred's camera and other belongings from Manoj Kumar, who was on duty when he was assaulted inside Sachkhand Express's S4 coach and later abandoned on Karnal railway station in an unconscious state. ``Kumar was arrested from Ambala railway station and is being interrogated for his role in the assault and to ascertain the sequence of events,'' said a source.Haryana IG (railways) V Kamraja said the TTE's role is under scanner as he did not inform the RPF or GRP officials on duty and abandoned the injured at the station. ``We are working on evidences to get to the attackers. We have obtained the reservation chart for coach number S4, where Wilferd was assaulted,\" he said. \"Our priority is to save his life. At the same time, we are updating the French embassy as well as other government agencies, including Union home and external affairs ministries, about his status.''Wilferd is battling for his life at a Chandigarh hospital in a critical condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12959255", "title": "Anna Bond powers to 4am opening", "text": "BANGALORE: 'Anna Bond' broke conventions and created many firsts for Sandalwood. On May Day, thousands of fans descended on more than 150 theatres across Karnataka and waited from morning to late night, hoping to catch a glimpse of Kannada star Puneet Rajkumar as Anna Bond. At least two theatres began screening the movie as early as 4am; one sold tickets way beyond the seating capacity and about 100 fans watched it standing. Puneet's six-pack , skeleton bike and ammunition, catchy dialogues in the local dialect and the song 'Kaanadante Maayavaadano... ' sung by him are the film's main draws. He'd sung it for the movie, 'Chalisuva Modagalu' , 30 years ago as a child actor.The year's most-anticipated film directed by Duniya Suri for Purnima Enterprises, Rajkumar family's production house, departed from the traditional Friday release.Rajkumar's family prefers to release its films on Thursdays, the day considered auspicious to pray to Guru Raghavendra who was revered by the late thespian, Rajkumar. His family has bucked the trend in the past too: Rajkumar-starrer Thayige Thakka Maga and Raghavendra Rajkumar's Nanjundi Kalyana were released on a Wednesday.Thousands of Puneet Rajkumar fans returned home disappointed on Tuesday as they couldn't catch the first day-first-show of Anna Bond. At Santosh theatre in Majestic, police resorted to mild caning to disperse the crowd which milled around the compound hoping for a miracle to get them in. The 'Houseful' board had gone up quite early in the day.Most fans had booked tickets online. Umesh, who watched it at a multiplex on KH Road, said : \"Puneet is young, talented and is the No. 1 star. It's a good action film, with a stunning bike and modern weapons.'' However, Mohit, a student and a native of Mysore, was disappointed. He'd seen the trailers during his exams ; now on vacation, he was able to see the movie on Day 1. He said : \"It's similar to 'Jackie ' (directed by Suri with Puneet in the lead ). I left the hall half-way through the movie.''In the morning, Puneet performed puja at Ganapati and Annamma temples for the film's success. Anna Bond is the 80th movie from the Rajkumar production house. According to distributor Jayanna, two theatres in Bellary district's Hospet -Meeralam Nawaz and Saraswathi - began the shows at 4am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12959198", "title": "'Son-in-law killed our daughter for want of a male heir'", "text": "MUMBAI: A Mulund-based family has accused its son-in-law and his family of murdering its 24-year-old daughter. According to the Jadhavs, Sangeeta, who is survived by two daughters aged 3 and one and a half years, had recently undergone tubectomy with her husband's consent. But her in-laws, who are based in Vangani, threw a fit when they found out about the surgery and threatened to get their son married the second time as Sangeeta had failed to give them a male heir.Sangeeta went missing on April 20 after she left her husband's home in Ulhasnagar for work. When she did not return, her family lodged a missing complaint with the Hill Line police on April 21. The same day, Sangeeta's body was found near the railway tracks between Vangani and Badlapur stations in the jurisdiction of the Badlapur East police. Unaware of the missing complaint lodged at the Hill Line police station, the Badlapur police sent the body to the mortuary of Central Hospital in Ulhasnagar. The fact that the victim's face was severely damaged and no document was found on her body made it difficult for the police to establish her identity.Nearly nine days later, Sangeeta's family learnt about the body kept at Central Hospital. As the victim's face was mutilated and there were injuries on her body, Sangeeta's family identified her through her dress and ornaments.Sangeeta's mother Kamala told TOI, \"Though she had informed her husband about the tubectomy, his parents turned him against her as they wanted a son.\"Sangeet's elder brother Ganesh said, \"We felt something was amiss as one of our relatives had spotted Sangeeta with her husband on the day of her disappearance. I am sure Sangeeta's husband killed her.\"\"We can't book the victim's husband and her in-laws in a murder case only on the basis of her family's allegations. We are waiting for the post mortem report to take further action,\" said Suresh Angadi, senior inspector of Badlapur East police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12957384", "title": "Six students asked to leave school for smoking on campus", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Six students of the Jai Somnath High School in Khokhra have been asked to take their School Leaving Certificate (SLC) after the result of class XI is announced.The students were found smoking in school premises by the teachers and admitted that they used to regularly smoke on the campus.School authorities said that while they were in the mood to dismiss the students to set an example, they were allowed to appear for the exam only on the condition that after the exam they will take SLC and apply for admission elsewhere.\"The parents were insistent that we do not dismiss the students as it will mar their academic prospects. Smoking in school campus is a serious offence considering that even selling tobacco-related products is prohibited within 100 m radius of schools,\" said Jayanti Patel, principal of the Jai Somnath School. Patel said that a teacher had caught the students smoking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12957227", "title": "Two convicts flee from police custody, escorts quizzed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two men, convicted for chain-snatching and jailed under the Prevention of Anti-Social Activities Act (PASA), escaped from police custody in two separate incidents on Monday. Senior police officials smell a rat as both convicts were associates and had been booked for the same offence. Constables escorting the two are under the scanner and are being questioned for their possible links with the escaped men.According to Gaekwad Haveli police station officials, head constable Roopsinh Rathwa and constable Shaktisinh Parmar from Chhota Udepur in Vadodara had got Shivshankar Soni alias Don from Khokhra to appear for a PASA board meeting in Shahibaug on Monday. After the formalities, the team had been to a hotel near Geeta Mandir at 8.30 pm when Soni asked the police personnel to let him go wash his hands while the others were eating.\"Instead of going to the bathroom, Soni jumped on to the road, sat on a bike of an associate outside the hostel and escaped,\" said BC Barot, inspector of Gaekwad Haveli police station. \"The cops say they were dumbfounded and raised an alarm. We, however, doubt their version and have rounded them up for helping the criminal flee.\"In the other incident, Dhiraj Gupta, Soni's associatetw lodged in Rajpipla prison, had also been brought to the city to appear before the board. Gupta was accompanied by a team led by constable Natwarsinh Gohil from the prison. Gohil said he was standing at a state transport bus stop on Monday with Gupta asked to go to the toilet. He never returned. Gohil later filed a complaint with the Kagdapith police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12947932", "title": "Vidya Balan and Siddharth Roy travel in budget class", "text": "That Vidya Balan and Siddharth Roy Kapoor, her boyfriend, take short romantic breaks is not news. However, this time around, while flying out to Goa for a getaway, the actress decided to skip business class and travel cattle class instead. And as this diarist can tell you, it just meant that co-passengers had a field day clicking pictures of the elusive duo.Balan, who is known for her equanimity, did manage to handle the situation well. She politely requested the passengers to refrain from taking pictures, and most of them relented. Except for a certain gent, who was in no mood to give up or give in. That perhaps called for a quick change in character. And Balan took on a sterner, more intimidating tone and reprimanded him for not obliging her. The move had the desired effect. The gentleman immediately retreated and even showed her how he had deleted the pictures from his phone. It was interesting to see how, except for this stray incident, the rest of the flight was largely peaceful, with the co-passengers giving Balan the respect she seemed to command so effortlessly. There is however that one nagging question, why did Kapoor and Balan choose a budget airline if they so crave privacy?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12957481", "title": "President took along kin on Seychelles-South Africa trip", "text": "NEW DELHI: With less than three months of her tenure remaining, President Pratibha Patil appears to have courted another controversy after government sources confirmed that two grandchildren had accompanied the President on a nine-day tour of Seychelles and South Africa.Political watchers expressed concern over the disregard for public perception, especially as this comes close on the heels of media reports based on an RTI response that Patil's travel tab of Rs 205 crore had surpassed those of her predecessors.Since assuming office in July 2007, Patil has undertaken 12 foreign trips covering 22 countries across four continents.A series of RTI applications had shown that Air India spent over Rs 169 crore on use of chartered aircraft, always a Boeing 747-400, on the foreign visits of Patil, who is mostly accompanied by her family members. The MEA spent Rs 36 crore on accommodation, local travel, daily allowance and \"miscellaneous\" expenses.Patil has so far visited Brazil, Mexico, Chile, Bhutan , Vietnam , Indonesia , Spain, Poland , Russia , Tajikistan , the UK, Cyprus , China, Laos , Cambodia , the UAE , Syria , Mauritius , South Korea, Switzerland and Austria spending a total of 79 days abroad.Her predecessor A P J Abdul Kalam undertook seven trips to 17 countries during his five-year tenure. Before that, K R Narayanan covered 10 countries in six trips and S D Sharma 16 countries in four trips, according to the RTI reply.In her defence, the President's office argued that comparison of foreign trips was unfair since such visits were \"undertaken on the basis of standing invitations received from countries abroad and after the need to undertake such a visit has been appraised and recommended by the ministry of external affairs and the Prime Minister's Office''.A Rashtrapati Bhawan spokesperson had pointed out that India's rising global profile had led to \"enhanced engagement'' with other countries. It was also denied that Patil was accompanied \"mostly by family members'', arguing that the official delegation included ministers, MPs and senior functionaries of the government besides support and security staff constituting part of the accompanying delegation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12957042", "title": "IT towers fail to attract builders", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur Development Authority's (JDA) efforts for their dream project of building informative technology towers in the city have failed once again. As for the third time, the project failed to attract developers and no developer participated in the pre-bid process yet again.JDA town planning director NK Khare said, \"Till last date no developers have shown any interest in constructing these towers. Though we did receive a few queries, but none of the developers participated in the process.\" According to the officials, April 29 was the last date to participate in the pre-bid process.The JDA has decided to allow commercial activities such as hotels , restaurants or shops in 50% of the tower area for developers. However, the remaining area will be for IT only. A developer may open a training institute, educational institute or office in the premises.\"The developers have proposed that there shouldn't be any restrictions on usage of the remaining 50% area. It was not possible as per the master plan 2025 so we have refused them such liberty,\" said Khare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "12958329", "title": "Elephant herd stay put in hills in Salem", "text": "SALEM: A herd of seven elephants that entered Karumandurai in Kalvarayan hills in Salem on Monday, continue to roam in the region as attempts by forest officials to drive them back into the forest have failed. Nearly 200 personnel from police and forest departments are camping in the area, trying to chase the herd away.\"On Monday, two elephant calves, three sub-adult and three adult elephants entered Karumandurai from Villupuram,\" said V Naganathan, district forest officer, Attur division. He said the elephants first came to Karumandurai region which also has many wild boars and monkeys. Kalvarayan Hills, which has 52 villages, shares borders with Villupuram, Dharmapuri and Salem district.According to officials, the herd has destroyed paddy sacks stored in Servoypattu. However, residents have been told not to make any attempt to chase away the herd. The forest department has issued pamphlets and made announcements over loudspeakers in the villages requesting residents to be cautious.The team of forest and police personnel has made several attempts to chase away the herd on Monday but to no avail. On Tuesday, the elephants moved to Moongilpadi area near Kariyakoil dam in Karumandurai region, said the DFO. \"The forest department is moving cautiously. If the elephants get scared they may enter other villages including Thumbal, Maamaanjee and Neyyamalai,\" he said.\"We expect the elephants will move to Kottapattu from where it would go to Thiruvannamalai,\" said the DFO.Salem: The herd of seven elephants which entered into Karumandurai in Kalvarayan hills in Salem on Monday, still stay in the region.Two hundred staff of forest and police departments have been mobilized in the region to drive the herd away from the hills.The districts of Villupuram, Dharmapuri and Salem have met in Kalvarayan hills which has 52 hamlets.On Monday, two elephant calves, three sub-adult and three adult elephants entered into Karumandurai from Villupuram, according to the district forest officer (Attur division) V. Naganathan. He said the elephants for the first time came Karumandurai region which has wild boars, bovinae, wild monkeys.It is reported that the group of elephants spoiled the paddy bags of the farmers in Servoypattu.However, the local residents have been asked by the forest department not to make any attempt like firing crackers to drive the elephants. The forest department issued pamphlets and made mike announcements in the villages.The team of forest and police personnel have continuously made efforts to drive the elephants away from Karumandurai from Monday. However, the elephants were not driven away completely from the Karumandurai region.On Tuesday, the elephants herd have moved to Moongilpadi area near Kariyakoil dam in Karumandurai region, according to the DFO.It is said that the forest divisions face difficult in the elephants drive.When asked, the DFO said, \"the forest department has cautiously involved in driving away the elephants. Because, if the drive get averse, the elephants will intrude into Thumbal, Maamaanjee, Neyyamalai villages\".He further said, nearly 200 staff of the forest divisions of Dharmapuri, Kallakurichi, Salem and police have been mobilized in driving the elephants away from the forest.\"it is expected the elephants group will further move to Kottapattu from where it will go to Thiruvannamalai\" said the DFO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "12959115", "title": "Yeddyurappa to expose his frenemies", "text": "SHIMOGA: Former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa said he would soon expose those who had betrayed him, by writing a book. Winding up his three-day tour of his constituency, Yeddyurappa told a gathering at Shiralkoppa late on Monday night that he is upset that those who he trusted had stabbed him in his back. With him were some Lingayat mutt seers.\"I have been made to look like an offender. I have decided to teach a lesson to such people by exposing their sinister moves shortly, through a book,\" he said.Expressing happiness over the support of more than 70 MLAs who are backing him even after he relinquished office, Yeddyurappa asked his supporters to be patient and wait for justice.He expressed displeasure over the non-implementation of a Rs 25 crore development plan of Anubhava Mantap at Kudalasangama, which he had proposed in his budget during his tenure as chief minister.Meanwhile, state BJP president KS Eshwarappa, participating in a function at Shimoga, cautioned his party workers and elected representatives that those in power should be careful and need to work towards the welfare of all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "12966698", "title": "Company to replace bulbs with LED's for energy conservation", "text": "AMRITSAR: After replacing incandescent bulbs with energy efficient Compact Fluorescent Lamps (CFLs) in various parts of country under the government's &quot;Bachat Lamp Yojana&quot; now it is time for replacing incandescent bulbs as well as the CFL's with more energy efficient Light Emitting Diodes (LED) .While CFL has a lifespan of 10000 hours as compared to 1000 hours of incandescent bulbs, the LED's has a life span of 20 to 25 years said Chief Advisor , C-Qest Capital (CQC) AS Gill while talking to TOI on Wednesday. He informed that LED bulbs were made by arranging LED's closely which produces bright light and can replace traditional bulbs.Conservation of energy .Shifting to the use of unconventional mode of electricity bulbs would not only bring down expenses on electricity but would also help preventing climate changes he said. He informed that CQC had already replaced 3.5 crore incandescent bulbs with CFL's in Punjab, Andhra Pardesh Delhi etc While CFL's were being provided to consumer for Rs 15 for 20W, the LED's price was yet to be determined. \"By the time they will be introduced their price will be much cheaper\" he said The energy saved by methods of its efficient use would be converted into Certified Emission Reduction (CERs' ) for each ton of green house gas they prevent from entering the atmosphere .The CQC generates CER's by implementing emission reduction projects which were required by the industries across the globe who were not able to cut down their industrial activities to fulfill their obligation of energy conservation which was also the binding of of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change. He said they would soon begin changing incandeacent bulbs with LED's in Punjab and other parts of India.eom", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12958810", "title": "City\u2019s vintage beauties to sparkle at US festival", "text": "BANGALORE: Neighbour's envy, owner's pride. And Ravi Prakash has 180 of them - vintage, classic and antique cars - in his fleet.A couple of ones from Ravi Prakash's collection are now set to participate at the prestigious Concours d'Elegance show in Pebbles Beach, California, in August this year.One of the world's top auto festivals, the Concours d'Elegance show is being held at Pebble Beach since 1950. India has been invited to the festival for the first time in its 62nd edition this year.Cars are the focus of the event. A car competition, an auction, a classic car tour and an automotive car exhibition will be lending grandeur to the gala show.Significantly, four Indians have been invited to make their presence felt at the festival this time. Sharing the honours with Ravi Prakash are the Maharaja of Udaipur Shriji, advocate Diljeet Titus from Delhi, and another vintage car enthusiast from Mumbai. \"It is tough to get an entry there. The organizers receive a mammoth 7,000 applications each year from car owners across the globe, and at the end, shortlist 150-200 of them. This year, they zeroed in on 180 cars,\" said Ravi.A doctor by qualification, his cars are housed in his farm on the outskirts of Bangalore. With his penchant for old cars, it doesn't come as a surprise that he is the secretary of Karnataka Vintage and Classic Car Club. \"It is a dream come true for me. Getting invited to the festival is a great honour,\" he said.Ravi is getting his vehicles shipped to California via Singapore in June. The journey will take 40-45 days.A1930-built Delage (D8) (vintage variety) and 1907-make Locomobile Veteran Car (antique) will be Ravi's entries at the Concours d'Elegance show at Pebbles Beach, California.Locomobile's rise to success was impressive, becoming the most popular car after it adopted the slogan, 'Easily the best built car in America' . Its size makes it a convenient car to operate and maintain, and it is particularly liked by those who like to take care of their own machines, said a company catalogue.Delage was a French luxury automobile and race car company founded in 1905 by Louis Delage in Levallois-Perret near Paris. Within years of its rolling out, the car went on to make waves at Grand Prix races. When World War I broke out in 1914, the company's production facilities were used by the military. It was acquired by Delahaye in 1935 and ceased operations in 1953.Veteran cars are those made between 1886 and 1909, while Edwardians are those manufactured between 1910 and 1919. Vintage cars were rolled out between 1920 and 1939, while those made during 1940-79 are called classic cars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "12958247", "title": "Tourist's wallet stolen at Calangute", "text": "CALANGUTE: Calangute police registered a complaint by a tourist who alleged that he was robbed of his wallet on Calangute beach on Tuesday afternoon. Vivek Kohli from Pune told police that he and his friends had visited an acquaintance in Mapusa when they decided to drop by at Calangute beach in the afternoon for some sight-seeing.On reaching Calangute, they parked their car and after paying the attendant, went down to the beach. Soon Kohli realized that his wallet which he had kept in his trouser's side pocket was missing.He said the wallet contained 3,000 in cash, debit cards, drivers license and other documents. He later drove to the Calangute police station and lodged a complaint about his missing wallet.The Calangute police are investigating the matter. Being the May Day holiday, Calangute beach was packed with revellers. On Tuesday afternoon, some tourists from Maharashtra were detained by the police for creating a nuisance under the influence of alcohol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12958003", "title": "Red-faced Cong distances itself from Rahul aide\u2019s media bill", "text": "NEW DELHI: An embarrassed Congress distanced itself from a controversial private member's bill moved by Rahul Gandhi aide Meenakshi Natarajan that seeks to impose severe restrictions on media after it came under heavy fire for its draconian provisions.The bill, originally scheduled to be moved by the Mandsaur MP in Lok Sabha last week, has invited a storm of criticism on social media and from opposition BJP. The draft bill, now slated to be moved this week, proposes a host of intrusive measures that significantly curb the freedom of the press.Called the 'print and electronic media standards and regulation bill, 2012', the proposed legislation seeks to set up a regulatory authority that can ban or suspend coverage on national security grounds. It can raid and seize documents from a media office and even stop publication.Private members' bill have virtually no chance of becoming law without official backing, but Natarajan's formulation - the regulatory authority is to be set up by a committee with no media representation - has seen eyebrows shoot up about the intent behind the move.The legislation raised an alarm as it floats the idea of a 'supercop' in the form of the \"regulatory authority\" to ensure print and electronic media observe listed dos and don'ts. The statement of objectives laments that \"news value has been dwindling every passing day... there appears no option but to... impose certain crucial reasonable restrictions... for protecting national interest.\"If Natarajan has authored the bill with a heavy heart, not many are buying the idea with some MPs pointing out that \"patriotism\" is often the last refuge of would be censors. The authority would be able to constitute a 'scrutiny panel' to process complaints. The national security argument is made in the context of TV coverage of 26/11 that reportedly compromised police action.Sources, however, said the bill was Natarajan's initiative which is why it was listed as a private member's bill for discussion and debate with no whip applicable.Penalty for violation by a media group would range from issuing a warning to imposition of fine up to Rs 50 lakh to suspension of its operation for up to 11 months to recommendation for revocation of licence.With the government wary about seen to be cracking down on media, particularly in the wake of serious corruption scandals, BJP sought a clarification from Rahul Gandhi and nudged Congress to clear the air. Congress general secretary Janardan Dwivedi swiftly distanced the party, saying, \"The bill was based on her (Natarajan's) views. These are not the views of Rahul Gandhi. Neither are these his views nor has she got his consent to this bill.\"BJP said while only a couple of private member bills had been accepted since independence, Natarajan's bill had raised doubts because it sought curbs on media. \"We don't know what is the intention of the government on this. But since the MP, who introduced the bill is known to be close to Rahul Gandhi, it is better that he (Rahul) himself makes it clear,\" BJP spokesman Rajiv Pratap Rudy said.While speculation on whether the bill is Natarajan's solo effort is rife, political circles felt the thought of regulating media stems from anger in the ruling camp over Centre's woes over corruption being relentlessly highlighted by newspapers and news channels.Natarajan cited media's failure in self-regulation, saying coverage of the 2008 Mumbai attacks compromised police action. The 'objects and reasons' of the bill argue, \"While freedom of speech and expression has to be respected, there appears no other option but to regulate the print and electronic media.\"According to her bill, after a preliminary scrutiny panel sends a report upholding a complaint of malafide reporting or violation of norms, an investigation committee would be set up to further dwell on the matter. It will have the power of a civil court and can \"summon and enforce the attendance of any person and examine him on oath\", seek production of any document, receive evidence on affidavits and requisition any public record.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12958786", "title": "Terror plots in porn video 'pure gold': US", "text": "WASHINGTON: More than 100 al-Qaida documents have been found embedded in a pornographic movie seized from a terrorist returning from Pakistan. Terrorist training manuals in PDF format in German, English and Arabic were among the documents found, according to intelligence sources cited by CNN.Claiming the documents uncovered were \"pure gold\", the sources called it the most important haul of al-Qaida materials in the past year, besides those found when US navy SEALs raided Osama bin Laden's compound in Abbottabad, Pakistan , a year ago and killed the al-Qaida leader. The future plots included seizing cruise ships besides sending European militants to carry out 26/11-style attacks in Europe.'Future Works', US intelligence officials believe, came from al-Qaida's inner core. It may have been the work of Younis al-Mauretani, a senior Qaida operative until his capture by Pakistani police in 2011. While it does not include dates or places, nor specific plans, it appears to be a brainstorming exercise to reinstate al-Qaida on front pages around the world.Lodin and a man called Yusuf Ocak, who allegedly travelled back to Europe with him, are now on trial in Berlin where they are pleading not guilty. Ocak was detained in Vienna two weeks after Lodin's arrest. Prosecutors believe that Lodin and Ocak met at a terrorist training camp in Pakistan's tribal areas and were sent back to Europe to recruit a network of suicide bombers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12965396", "title": "Dangerous Ishhq", "text": "CreditsDirector: Vikram BhattCast: Karisma Kapoor, Rajniesh Duggall, Jimmy Shergill , Divya Dutta, Ruslaan MumtazBanner: BVG Films (A division of ASA Productions &amp; Enterprises)Producer: BVG Films, DAR Motion Pictures, Reliance EntertainmentScreenplay: Vikram BhattDialogues: Girish DhamijaCinematographer: Pravin BhattAction Director: Abbas Ali Moughal3D Effects: EFX PrasadLyrics: Sameer, Shabbir AhmedMusic: Himesh ReshamiyaGenre: ThrillerRelease Date: May 11, 2012SynopsisDangerous Ishhq is Vikram Bhatt's next 3D directorial venture based on past life regression which stars Karisma Kapoor in the lead.The film is a mystery love story which revolves around Sanjana (Karisma Kapoor) - a super model and Rohan (Rajniesh Duggall) the son of a big industrialist who vanishes under mysterious conditions.The question remains, how far would Sanjana go to save her loved one?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12971457", "title": "Prabhas to start shooting for Vaaradhi", "text": "The Prabhas-starrer Rebel has been in the making for over a year now. The film is in the last stage of shooting and the actor seems to decided to waste no time. He is all set to start shooting for his next flick, Vaaradhi from May 9 onwards. Anushka and Richa Gangopadhyay are playing the lead in this action entertainer jointly produced by Pramod Uppalapati and Vamsi Krishna. Koratala Siva is directing the movie.Vaaradhi is expected to hit the screens in the latter half of 2012, while Raghava Lawrence directed Rebel will release in July. Sources close to the actor say the actor is keen on having at least two releases this year. Looks like the audiences will get to see a lot more the dashing actor this year.Source: way2movies.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12960735", "title": "5 heavy vehicles impounded for violation of order", "text": "BHOPAL: A day after the district administration banned the entry of heavy vehicles in the city limits during peak hours, the traffic police on Tuesday impounded five vehicles that violated the rules.\"We have seized five vehicles which entered the city limits on Tuesday,\" additional superintendent of police (ASP) traffic, Monika Shukla said. The ban was imposed on April 30.Loading and unloading of goods will now be done at the Transport Nagar, from where the goods will be taken to the city, collector Nikunj Shrivastava said. The order also bans entry of medium commercial goods vehicle and heavy commercial vehicles in the city limits during peak hours.The move by the district administration has annoyed the local transporters. Criticising the move, they said that it would affect the people adversely. \"The administration has made a wrong decision,\" Kamal Panjwani, a local transporter said adding that this would not benefit the people. As per orders by the district administration, all heavy vehicles will pass through the bypass road from the city outskirts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12961321", "title": "Ram Kapoor, Priya to separate in Bade Acche Lagte Hai", "text": "Bade Acche Lagte Hai started with a bang, and had it's fair share of followers.However, its popularity seems to be diminishing, and the creative team are impelled upon giving a drastic change to the story.According to sources, Bade Acche Lagte Hain will see a four-five year leap soon, and given Ram Kapoor and Priya's already strained relationship, it may showcase a separation between the two.Priya, played by Sakshi Tanwar, will also have a son, it is being touted.This is an attempt to make the storyline more interesting. And to retain eyeballs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12960192", "title": "PIL to establish All India Institute of Medical Sciences in Allahabad", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A public interest litigation (PIL), demanding establishment of All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) in the city, has been filed before the Allahabad High Court on Tuesday. Hearing on the petition will take place on May 2.Petitioner BP Singh stated that due to non-cooperation between the state government and the Centre, the plan to establish AIIMS at Allahabad could not materialize in the last four years.The petitioner pointed out that the Central government has sanctioned Rs 823 crore for the purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12958073", "title": "Sena to announce MLC poll candidate this week", "text": "NASHIK: The Shiv Sena is likely to contest the election for an MLC seat from the local self-governing bodies constituency from Nashik and the name of the party candidate is likely to be announced in the next two days, sources said.Those who are front-runners and are expected to be fielded as Shiv Sena candidates for elections to the legislative council from the local self-governing bodies constituency from Nashik include former mayor and former Nashik district chief of the Sena Vinayak Pande, former deputy mayor Ajay Boraste and former Sena city unit chief Arjun Tile.Speaking to TOI, a senior Shiv Sena leader said, \"We are planning to contest the election to the legislative council from the local self-governing bodies constituency from Nashik and the name of the candidate may be announced by our party leader Uddhav Thackeray in the next two or three days.\"When asked about the aspirants in the race for the elections, he said, \"The party has not yet decided who will be its candidate, but we have two-three names under consideration, which include Vinayak Pande, Ajay Boraste and Arjun Tile. But the final decision is to be taken by our leader Uddhav Thackeray.\"This year, the poll battle is likely to be between the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and the Shiv Sena. The NCP is likely to field sitting MLC Jayant Jadhav and guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal has already made it clear. But, the whole picture about the elections is expected to clear in the next two-three days. Meanwhile, the procedure for filing nomination papers has already begun and the last date of filing nominations is May 7.The scrutiny of nomination forms will be held on May 8 and the last date of withdrawal of nominations will be May 10. Elections will be conducted on May 25 and counting will be held on May 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12957231", "title": "Odhav family suicide: Police search for clues", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The man who committed suicide along with his wife after poisoning their children was alive for more than six hours before he hanged himself in the family's puja room. This and many other missing links in the Odhav suicide case has got the city police hunting for more clues.\"Since there was no suicide note, we have not been able to ascertain the reason for the suicide,\" said a Odhav police official. On Saturday the couple killed their children and committed suicide. \"Neighbours speak of financial troubles but we have not found any evidence to support this claim. We are now waiting to question the victims' relatives on this aspect after their period of mourning is over,\" the official said.On Monday, residents of Suketu Residency on Nikol road had reported an unbearable stench emanating from a flat on second floor. After noticing the fact that the family had not emerged from its house since Saturday, the neighbours had suspected that something was amiss. Police reached on the spot in the evening and broke the door and found four dead bodies - a couple and two children - from three rooms. The deceased were identified as Mahendra Patel, 35, his wife Diva, 31, daughter Shivani, 10, and son Vraj, 5.Forensic science officers surveyed the spot and collected evidence. \"The investigators pointed out that Patel's body had not decayed as much as other bodies, indicating at the probability that he committed suicide more than six hours after his wife's suicide and the killing of his children,\" said an Odhav police official. \"We have found insecticide which might have been used to kill the children.\"The official said Patel was considered to be a very religious and emotional man. \"He had locked himself up in the room before hanging himself,\" the official said. \"We are yet to determine why the couple locked themselves in different rooms to commit suicide. We believe that it might be a fallout of an argument. We are looking for more evidence.\"Brahmbhatt said that police have found some share certificates and investment papers but nothing substantial that could lead to the reason for suicide. Investigators said that Patel was the sole child of his parents, now settled in the US. Before coming to the city, Patel had been working in his hometown in Amreli in the private sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "chennai ", "code": "12958635", "title": "Family and friends rally for captive IAS officer", "text": "CHENNAI : Friends and family members of captive IAS officer Alex Paul Menon held a rally at the Marina Beach on Monday.Slogans and prayers buoyed above the sound of waves at the beach in the evening when a rally of at least 70 people walked with the photograph of Alex Paul and placards with \"Release Alex Paul\" and \"We are with you'' written on it.The rally, which began near the Mahatma Gandhi statue, continued for two hours.Speaking to TOI, Alex's mother-in-law Anandi appealed to the Maoists to release her son as he was an asthma patient. Alex's father-in-law T R Venugopal urged the Centre to ensure safe release of his son-in-law and appealed to the abductors to show pity as Alex's wife was carrying.The mood also saw a tinge of anger against the Maoists for having abducted an official who cared for the people. Alex's friend G Sharmila said it was unfortunate and sad that an honest official who cared about the welfare of the people was a target of the Maoists.\"Asha (Alex's wife) has been traumatized by the abduction.\"Anandhi said: \"I appeal with folded hands to the Maoists not to harm my son and please release him as we are very worried and are going through sleepless nights''.Alex's father-in-law said they were in touch with the Centre and the state government. \"I appeal to the abductors to release my son-in-law on compassionate grounds as he is innocent and has no role in any anti-Maoist operation.\"He said the entire bureaucrat fraternity had extended their support to the family.Some of the regular beach-goers too joined the rally to show their support.The family visited the state secretariat on Monday to petition the state government to ensure the safe release of Alex..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12957330", "title": "Illegal units flush acid into Mehsana fields", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Few months ago, fields of mustard in Nugar village of Mehsana district refreshed the memories of Shahrukh Khan and Kajol meeting in Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge. But, barely had one started cooling his eyes with this countryside view and a strong stench of chemicals became a big put off.Surprisingly, one could hardly spot the source of this reek, as hidden amidst these lush green fields was an unscrupulous unit manufacturing various chemicals. Away from eyes of any authorities, the acidic effluents released from these units was flowing away merrily in the fields.And, this was just one unit. Acting on a tip-off from some villagers, Gujarat Pollution Control Board (GPCB) conducted a six-month long operation and discovered that there were nine such factories working day and night illegally, without any permission.All the units were immediately issued a closure notice and the state pollution regulator says that they have nipped in the bud what could have destroyed acres and acres of agriculture land. Most of these units manufactured copper sulphate, zinc sulphate and silica gel.The owners used to procure copper and zinc scrap as well as acid drums in large quantity. The scrap was then mixed with acids and processed thoroughly. The discharge was highly acidic and had the potential to destroy aquatic life if it got mixed with any water body near the farms. The manufactured chemicals were sold in open market in north Gujarat.The modus operandi was simple. The manufacturers used to take the farm on lease from the land owner promising him a rent that was almost triple that of what he actually earned from agriculture.\"Such units did not require a huge investment. There were just 2-3 vessels and some machinery. After we raided, they all vanished. We unearthed his major scam just at the right time,\" said GPCB member-secretary Hardik Shah.In March, Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) had castigated Gujarat government in its report that specially focused on pollution. The report pointed out how 32% of drinking water sources in the state were found contaminated in a pre-monsoon survey. The watchdog had also found holes in the pipelined water supply in rural areas and said that the affected villagers were not even alerted about this.Alarmed by this revelation, GPCB shot off letters to all district collectors, asking them to keep a check on farmers leasing out their farms for such illegal units.\"Such illegal activities do not come to the notice of GPCB as they are going on in non-industrialized areas and remote places. The acidic polluted effluents discharged by these units are not only hazardous for agriculture, but also polluting the underground water in these areas,\" the regulator wrote.Times ViewPollution is the one dark spot that the CAG exposed in Gujarat's bright industrial growth story. News of some unscrupulous elements running chemical units on prime agricultural land without any permission only smudges the state's image further. The state government should consider harsh measures, like invoking the Prevention of Anti-Social Activities Act (PASA), against such elements to send out the message that it is serious about protecting the environment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12958308", "title": "Kundli-Manesar-Palwal corridor to have orbital rail, technology hubs", "text": "GURGAON: The Kundli-Manesar-Palwal global corridor (KMP) in Haryana will have orbital railway and 12 specialized hubs including world trade, fashion, entertainment, leisure and dry ports.The development plan of the KMP global corridor was approved at the meeting of the State-Level Committee which was chaired by Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda on Tuesday.The KMP Corridor passes through the districts of Palwal, Faridabad, Mewat, Gurgaon, Rohtak, Jhajjar and Sonipat of the state. Twelve specialized hubs including world trade, fashion, entertainment, leather, leisure, education, cyber, sports , bio-science and dry port hubs would be developed along the KMP Expressway, an official spokesman said.The width of the Expressway Amenities Zone would be one kilometre and the remaining area would be kept as agriculture zone. As per the plan approved, the Right of Way (ROW) of Expressway would be 100 meters with green belt of 100 meters on either sides and 50 meter wide orbital rail corridor on Delhi side.The Committee approved the Entertainment Hub, World Trade Hub and Fashion Hub would be set up in the district of Gurgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12958691", "title": "Metro rail zooms into virtual world", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai metro rail has zoomed into the virtual world. In a move welcomed by netizens, the Chennai Metro Rail Limited (CMRL) has opened official accounts on popular social networking sites like Facebook and Twitter and it has already got more than 1,600 'likes'.Anyone 'likes' the official Facebook page (www.facebook.com/chennaimetrorail) or 'follows' them in twitter () can check out all the latest updates and pictures about this project. Though many are gung ho about the Facebook page saying that its cover page was mind-blowing, the Twitter account is yet to take off.S Krishnamoorthy, chief general manager (public relations), CMRL, said they took inspiration from the Chennai traffic police, whose Facebook page is a rage among Chennaiites. \"We have decided to give frequent updates and developments about this project. A lot of people, especially those in social media, are very excited about this ambitious project,\" he said.All the major highlights of the metro project, including traffic diversions on the Anna Salai, and status of the work at the upcoming metro stations are mentioned in their Facebook page.Venkat Ramanan, a city netizen has written, \"Awesome! Proud to witness such an infrastructure project of this scale of our city.\" Some others have suggested that the biggest challenge for the CMRL will be the maintenance of the station and train compartments. \"Hope they do it well\". Some wanted the authorities to extend the metro to other cities in the state. Karthik Ganesh wrote, \"Everything is fine. But, only Chennai developing in all aspects. What about other districts in Tamil Nadu ?Others suggested that the CMRL could go green. \"Try to install solar panel and micro wind turbines on roof of the metro stations,\" wrote an anonymous person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12965064", "title": "Shiva team in Bangkok", "text": "Actor Shivrajkumar's forthcoming film Shiva will be completed soon. The team is in Bangkok for the shoot of two songs.The romantic number will have Shivanna and leading lady Ragini Dwivedi. The other song will be an item number by Suman Ranganathan and John Kokaine. Choreographer Harsha will choreograph both the songs.The music launch of the film is expected to happen in the second week of May. Directed by Om Prakash Rao, Shiva is a movie about how the children are kidnapped and used for begging. Its music has been scored by Guru Kiran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12958195", "title": "Ponda police pounce on tyre thieves at Bethora", "text": "PONDA: Ponda police arrested three persons in connection with thefts of vehicles and tyres. The police have also recovered 18 tyres and two motorbikes that were stolen.With the recovery, the police have detected three cases of tyre theft and have seized two vans used for the crime.Police said, that on a tip off, they raided a place at Bethora and found that 18 tyres and five auto batteries were kept on display for sale along with two bikes.The police have seized all the tyres and batteries and attached two Maruti vans used by the accused for conducting their activities.Ponda police said that they have arrested three accused Ajaykumar Rajaramkumar, 23, and Saida Salim Mohammad, 21, both natives of Uttar Pradesh and Rajasab Bepari, 21, a native of Karnataka.All were residing at Deepnagar-Bethora in Ponda, a police official told TOI.\"The modus operandi of the accused was to steal stepney tyres of parked vehicles along the Mollem-Ponda route and the tyres were transported by two Maruti vans,\" police added. The police have registered an offence against the accused under Section 379 (theft) read with 34 (common intention) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).Police said the accused have revealed being involved in four cases of tyre thefts so far. PSI Rahul Dhamshekar is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12963812", "title": "Meghana goes back to school", "text": "US-born actor Meghana Mudiyam (of Venkata In Sankata and Bengaloord fame), who came to India five years ago to pursue her passion of acting, is heading back home to begin a course at the Wharton School of Business.The actor, who is still awaiting the release of her film Sweet Poison (which is slated to release in six lanauges), has been admitted to the Lauder programme at the University. \"They have named me a Leonard Lauder Fellow, the top honour for incoming admits into the programme. I am thrilled about this exciting opportunity, and have decided to take it up,\" posted Meghana on her social networking page.But just because it's back to school for her, Meghana is not yet ready to give up acting, or for that matter India. \"This is definitely not goodbye to India or to acting. I will definitely be continuing work as an actor, completing pending projects and taking up new assignments, alongside my studies. Just broadening my horizons a bit -- and broader horizons make for better actors, or at least I think so. Looking forward to everything the future brings,\" she wrote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12957176", "title": "UGC research fellowship for 10 Gujarat university students", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Ten students of Gujarat University (GU) have been awarded the University Grants Commission ( UGC) research fellowship. In all, 14 students had applied for the fellowship.The students are Aesha Patel, Alok Pandya, Bhumika Mistry, Disha Vyas, Dhara Desai, Harikesh Gupta, Keyur Bhatt, Kuldip Joshi, Manish Patel and Vidhi Panchal.These students will get monthly Rs 14,000 to carry out their research work, which includes the use of nano particles in treatment of cancer and anti-HIV and anti-TB research. The students mainly belong to the genetics and forensics department. The students will also get an annual contingency fund of Rs 12,000 for research expenses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12961174", "title": "Kalki is not good enough for Anurag Kashyap!", "text": "The easiest thing for Anurag Kashyap to do while casting a female lead, would perhaps been calling on his wife Kalki Koechlin. But for Gangs Of Wasseypur, the filmmaker chose to go out of home and look for a face the 'fit' the film better.Mirror has learnt that Kalki, who had been a part of a sizeable number of Kashyap's works till date was left out from this one because her husband wanted someone with a little more mainstream appeal. According to a source close to the film, Anurag did not think Kalki would fit the 'commercial' format of Gangs Of Wasseypur.When contacted, Kashyap did not deny it either. \"Gangs Of Wasseypur is my first no holds barred, all out mainstream commercial film albeit without stars. Kalki didn't fit the format at all. She is known for a certain kind of cinema,\" said the filmmaker.According to our source, Kashyap did not want to increase the budget of the film either by casting Kalki in it. \"He wanted a new girl. Anurag Kashyap is known for edgy multiplex cinema. This is the first time he is tackling a completely mainstream subject. His film is reportedly based on the real life account of the coal mafia in Dhanbad, which is said to be more dangerous than the Mumbai underworld ,\" added the source.Talking about the film, Kashyap said, \"Gangs of Wasseypur is funny, sad and full of action. I was lucky to get my hands on this story. It's the world that I saw through the eyes of Syed Zeeshan Qadri, one of the cowriters and also the leads in the film. He told me various stories of Wasseypur - some of them funny and some mundane. These stories made me want to make a film. It's a world that India has never seen on the big screen.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12963971", "title": "That's My Boy", "text": "CreditsDirector: Sean AndersCast: Adam Sandler, Andy Samberg , Leighton Meester , James CaanRelease Date: August 24, 2012SynopsisWhile still in his teens, Donny ( Adam Sandler ) fathered a son, Todd (Andy Samberg), and raised him as a single parent up until Todd's 18th birthday. Now, after not seeing each other for years, Todd's world comes crashing down on the eve of his wedding when an uninvited Donny suddenly shows up. Trying desperately to reconnect with his son, Donny is now forced to deal with the repercussions of his bad parenting skills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12959113", "title": "High court sets aside nominations to the Sanskrit Academy", "text": "BANGALORE: In a virtual setback to the government, the high court has set aside a notification nominating three persons to the Sanskrit Academy at Melkote in Mandya district, by withdrawing nominations of two existing founder-members. Allowing petitions filed by D Sampath and MH Dhananjaya, Justice BS Patil set aside the February 23, 2011, notification nominating SR Leela (MLC), P Ramanujan and Anantharamaiah to the academy.\"One thing is clear from rule 7(b) of the Sanskrit Academy : the government doesn't have any absolute power to remove a nominated member by withdrawing his nomination. On the other hand, the rule makes it clear that even while filling the vacancy by way of nomination, the government is required to consider recommendations of the academy's managing committee. Therefore, the safeguard is implicit and in-built against the exercise of absolute discretion by resorting to the doctrine of pleasure,\" the judge has observed.The petitioners contended that the notification was illegal, arbitrary and against the rules and regulations of the academy as no reasons had been assigned for issuing it. They contended that in the absence of any vacancy which could arise only by way of death or resignation, the education department had no power to nominate any person as founder-member. They further contended that a founder-member cannot be nominated by displacing an existing member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12957196", "title": "Techies offer low-cost IT solutions to schools", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Leading technology companies in India are giving back to the society by investing in education sector for the lower segment of the society. Several new initiatives are being taken to expand young minds in order to make better opportunities available to the next generation.Hewlett-Packard ( HP ) introduced its 'Lab-in-Box' for Vidyanagar Primary School students at a remote village in Ahmedabad. The initiative aims at increasing the use of technology by schoolchildren. A self-sustainable and fully operational computer lab has been created in a shipping container, which is designed as a cloud enabled infrastructure solution to spread both the reach and quality of education.Ahmedabad-based IT company CEON also offers software management solutions to schools. Abhay Panjiyar, founder and chief executive officer, CEON and an incubatee from IIM Ahmedabad's innovation centre, is also planning to come up with various e-learning projects for schools. \"We are reducing the cost of our software from Rs 9 lakh to Rs 99,000 for schools in Gujarat, so that the government and other local schools can afford the enriched educational experience,\" says Panjiyar.Vodafone Foundation in collaboration with Pratham Education Foundation has come up with 'Learning with Vodafone Solution' to provide learning solutions for over 50,000 under-privileged children across India. Madhav Chavan, chief executive officer, Pratham, said, \"This is for the befit of the children of India. We hope to raise the understanding of technological interventions while also helping create a delivery mechanism for better learning for the children of India.\"Similarly, nCode Solutions, the IT division of Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers Company ( GNFC ), is manufacturing and marketing Intel's Classmate PC which will be offered at subsidized rates to Gujarat schools in the future.\"The laptops will be available at a price starting Rs 10,000. We aim to start manufacturing the laptops in a couple of months,\" Jagdeep Kochar, executive director, nCode Solutions said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12962173", "title": "Girl from Manipur molested in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: A 23-year-old girl from Manipur said she had been molested at her home, allegedly by her neighbour. She says she forgot to lock her apartment door at night. The girl works in a shopping mall in Gurgaon.The alleged victim lives with two young men who she says are her cousins. When she tried to file a police complaint, she was asked why she lives with men.Last week, a student from Meghalaya at Amity College committed suicide. Dana Sangma was allegedly being humiliated by an invigilator who accused her of cheating in an exam. She was the niece of Meghalaya chief minister, Mukul Sangma. Students and activists say Dana took the extreme step after feeling 'racially discriminated'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12958475", "title": "Semester exams: Mahamaya Technical University cancels first paper", "text": "NOIDA: On the first day of semester exams, Mahamaya Technical University was forced to cancel the first paper - Object Oriented Systems - of the Masters in Computer Application (MCA) course after one-third of the question paper was found to be an exact replica of a paper's section that had appeared in a private university exam last month.Of the three sections A, B and C, in the MTU question paper, the entire section B carried the same questions that had already appeared in the exam conducted by the private institute.The first exam for the fourth semester of the MCA course was conducted as per schedule on Tuesday. The matter came to light only after students had finished answering the question paper. \"After discussing the paper with friends outside the university, students realized the problem. By then, some staff and administrative members had also come to know of it,\" a student said.MTU has rescheduled the exam for May 14. A committee has been constituted to inquire into the matter. \"The committee will look into how this happened and will submit a report on its findings soon,\" said professor S K Kak, chairperson and vice-chancellor, MTU.According to the MTU administration, question papers for all subjects are formulated jointly by internal and external staff.\"Half the questions are set internally while the other 50% are decided by external authorities. As of now, we do not how an entire section was lifted from another institute's question paper. The committee will figure out whether the mistake was made by our staff or by external authorities,\" an MTU official said.The university, meanwhile, has said that the rest of the exams will be conducted as per the schedule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12957821", "title": "Most fatal accidents occur during night hours", "text": "CHANDIGARH: City roads witness maximum accidents between 12 noon and 2pm and between 7.30pm and 11.30pm every day. The number of fatal casualties is high in road accidents during night hours, while maximum serious non-fatal casualties are being reported in the morning and afternoon hours.These findings came to the fore after detailed scrutiny of around 100 road accidents reported during the period of April 2011 to April 2012. Chandigarh traffic police has also uploaded these findings on its facebook page to make people aware about these crucial hours. A senior traffic police official said, \"The prime motive behind finding out the timings of road accidents is to make serious efforts during the crucial hours to prevent casualties on city roads. Instructions have been issued to increase the presence of traffic cops at specific points during these hours.\"As many as 40 fatal casualties, a majority of which involved two-wheeler riders have been reported in the city during the past four months this year. In 2011, there were a total of 122 fatal casualties.DSP (traffic) Vijay Kumar said 19 fatal accidents out of 40 were reported between 12noon and 2pm, while 12 fatal casualties were reported between 7.30pm and 11.30pm.The remaining nine fatal road accidents were reported in the late night hours, four of which were hit- and-run cases. The latest hit-and-run accident was reported at around 11.45pm on April 27, when Jaswinder Singh, 36, who was riding a two-wheeler died near the Sector 34 roundabout.Traffic police and control room records revealed that around 85 road accidents take place in the city every day, majority of which are minor.The decision to identify the crucial hours when maximum fatal road accidents take place was taken at a meeting of the traffic advisory committee. A senior member of the advisory committee, M P S Chawla said, \"City residents, especially school and college students should be made aware about these hours so that they can take steps to prevent fatal accidents.\"Chawla stressed that the traffic police should make more efforts to reduce accidents during these hours. Col (retd) Jagjit Singh, another member of the committee said, \"The main reason of serious accidents taking place is the high traffic volume on roads during these hours. The administration and Chandigarh traffic police should work on plans to reduce traffic pressure during these time periods.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "12958172", "title": "Potters take centre stage at cultural meet", "text": "KERI: The Kumbhar Samaj Yuva Manch, literally youth wing of the potter community, organized a cultural meet recently to celebrate its first anniversary.Organized at the Tonyeshwar Chavata Hall in Mavalangtad, Sanquelim, the meet was inaugurated by state opposition leader Pratapsingh Rane and was attended by members of the potter community from across the state.Lauding the Manch's efforts to bring the potter community under one banner, Rane congratulated the organization's many activities in the fields of education, environment, culture and society.The Poriem MLA also released the Manch's special anniversary publication-Jabalo-which features articles on the various facets of the potter community in Goa.About 350 budding clay sculptors and students from the community were felicitated at the function. The Manch had initiated a drive during the 2011 monsoon that had seen over 500 participants clean up the Chorla Ghat area of Sattari taluka. Plastic bottles, bags and other non-biodegradable wastes were sent for recycling and proper disposal during that drive.Manch president Nilesh Prabhakar Shetkar said, \"Our aim is to promote the art of clay modelling that our community has inherited through generations.\"Deputy speaker in the state assembly, Anant Shet, who is also from the community, said, \"Our community has talented sculptors. I am sure that the BJP government will provide the necessary help for the community's upliftment.\"Sanquelim MLA Pramod Sawant said, \"The Manch is doing remarkable service to the community. State support is urgently needed to promote the potter community and to enrich and protect Goa's rich and varied culture.\"Digambar Kuncolienkar of Kumbharwada-Bordem in Bicholim taluka exhibited the artifacts that had won him national appreciation and the first prize at the state art exhibition recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12958023", "title": "In South, BJP banks on BSP for mayor's post", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day before the formation of the South Corporation, a nervous BJP was making last minute attempts to reach the magic figure of 58 to get its candidate appointed as mayor.While the party has succeeded in persuading the Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) to withdraw the nomination of its candidates for the post of mayor and deputy mayor, sources say that it is going to be a close fight for the post of mayor as the Congress is backing NCD candidate Phool Kali.But senior BJP leaders are confident that the party will be able to form the corporation as it has managed to obtain the support of BSP, JD (U) and several independents.On Tuesday, three INLD candidates Seema Pandit, Kishan Pahelwan and Krishan Kumar Sehrawat who had applied for the post of mayor, deputy mayor and member of standing committee respectively withdrew their nominations. Similarly, BSP's Sudeshwati, who had applied for member standing committee, withdrew her nomination.The BJP is relying on the support of BSP to achieve the perfect score. To get the seat calculation right for South Delhi Municipal Corporation, the BJP sacrificed the post of deputy mayor and didn't field any candidate. With Kishan Pehlwan withdrawing his nomination, BSP's candidate Bir Singh stands unopposed for the post of deputy mayor.While senior BJP leaders claim that they have the support of BSP, JD (U) and 19 independents, they refused to give out the names of the independent candidates.\"We will not have any problem is forming the corporation. Our candidate Savita Gupta will be elected as the Mayor. We are hopeful that several Congress councillors will also vote for our candidate. We have the support of 19 independents,'' said Subhash Arya, who is likely to be elected as the leader of the House in South Corporation.Sources say that most of the INLD and BSP members are likely to be accommodated by the BJP in various committees and sub-committees of the corporation.The Congress is not making any claims for the post of mayor, but the party is supporting the NCP candidate. One of its candidate Nutan Kochar, who had filed nomination for the post of member standing committee, too withdrew her nomination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12957986", "title": "Centre to fund 20 more districts to fight Maoist violence", "text": "NEW DELHI: Another 20 Naxal-affected districts will get additional central fund from the home ministry under Security Related Expenditure (SRE) scheme that aims to build police capacity to fight Maoists.Though these 20 districts are least affected by Maoist violence, the home ministry has recently included them in the list - expanding it from 83 to 103 - to develop them as 'buffer' between severely naxal-affected districts and those that are unaffected by the ultras' presence.Maximum seven out of 20 districts are in Bihar, followed by four each in Chhattisgarh and Odisha, three in Jharkhand and one each in Maharashtra and West Bengal. Bihar CM Nitish Kumar has long been demanding for inclusion of these districts in the SRE scheme list, and the state had even written to the home ministry for this on several occasions.The home ministry has also decided to sanction Rs 415 crore to nine Naxal-hit states under the SRE scheme for 2012-13. Under the scheme, the ministry reimburses security-related expenditure incurred by state governments in dealing with left-wing extremism.New districts included, under the scheme, in Bihar are Muzaffarpur, Sheohar, Vaishali, Banka, Lakhisarai, Begusarai and Khagaria. In Chhattisgarh, the new districts are Dhamtari, Gariyaband, Balod and Mahasamund.The scheme has been extended to Jharkhand in Dumka, Deoghar and Pakur districts and to Maharashtra's Aheri. It has been extended to Odisha's Kalahandi, Nuapada, Bargarh and Bolangir and West Bengal's Birbhum districts.The expenditure relating to carriage of constabulary, material and supplied, rent of accommodation hired for security forces, border posts, raising of India Reserve Battalions, construction of alternate accommodation, airlift charges, security works by police and expenditure on detainees are reimbursed by the Central government.This non-plan scheme has been under implementation since April, 1996, to supplement the efforts of the states to effectively deal with the left-wing extremism problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12956741", "title": "'Grade action against sex-test violators'", "text": "MUMBAI: Several organizations representing doctors have appealed to the Centre, asking it to incorporate graded punishment for those convicted under the Pre-Conception Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (Prohibition of Sex Selection) Amendment Act, 2003, depending on the degree of crime.\"Many cases filed against doctors are for not filling forms properly and not maintaining records. These are clerical errors and cannot be treated with the same vigour as non-registration of a sonography machine or conducting sex-determination tests,\" said Dr Kishore Taori, president of Maharashtra Medical Council.The Centre has set up a committee to review the punishment meted out to those violating PCPNDT Act. \"We have asked the state to consider graded punishment depending on the severity of the crime. The government is working towards amending the Act,\" he said.But, experts feel, that the Act must not be altered. \"It cannot be seen as a female child lost to sex-determination tests. It has to be seen in the context of social and cultural fabric of the nation. We face a serious situation nationally where, on an average, 914 girls are born against 1,000 boys,\" said a source.Padma Deosthali, a member of Cehat, the NGO that had filed a PIL in 2000 to ensure proper implementation of PCPNDT Act, said for many years, there had been no conviction and even now, the numbers were very few. \"The medical fraternity must ask why only 32 doctors and not more have been convicted. They have never come out openly against the black sheep in the fold. Instead of seeking graded action, they must expose those holding sex-determination tests,\" she said.About errors in filling forms, health workers said the F form, which was filed before carrying out a sonography, was an important piece of documentary evidence as it was not always possible to get a decoy to expose a doctor who conducted sex-determination tests. While under the Act in its current form, some could be penalized for genuine clerical errors or acts of omission, any watering down of the law could let off the guilty lightly, an activist said. Doctors should cooperate instead of demanding changes, the activist added.The census-based child sex ratio in Maharashtra has slid from 946 in 1991 to 913 in 2001 and further to 883 in 2011. This has to be seen against the backdrop of a natural sex ratio at birth generally considered to be 952. Worried by the situation, the government has swung into action, and issued circulars banning radiologists in state hospitals from working in private sonography centre. A radiologist cannot work in more than two centres.It has also banned mobile sonography machines. The state has also set up a website, aamchimulgi.gov.in, in July last year where people can anonymously file complaints against errant doctors. It has so far received 167 complaints in which ten sonography machines were sealed.Health minister Suresh Shetty has also launched a campaign to save girls.The campaign includes regular unannounced checks on clinics where sonography is done, scrutiny of records to ensure they are properly maintained and sensitisation workshops for doctors, the judiciary and other medical staff. This has resulted in cases being expedited. Nearly 314 cases have been registered and 32 doctors have been convicted so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12961322", "title": "Illegally mined sand used in govt road scheme", "text": "BHOPAL: Revenue department officials in Raisen district were stunned to find that sand being mined through illegal means was used for constructing roads under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana (PMGSY).A construction company was illegally mining sand on the banks of the River Bina, 120 km north of Bhopal , and carried it on dumpers to a site, where construction of a road from Begumgunj to Prachipura under the PMGSY was underway, officials said.Three dumpers that carried the illegally mined sand were seized along with two tractor trollies and two bulldozers. One of the tractor trollies was not a registered one.In a late night joint operation on Monday, the Raisen district administration and police seized seven heavy vehicles allegedly involved in the illegal mining of sand from the River Bina.Acting on a tip-off, the revenue department sleuths called the police and a huge contingent reached Prachipura village shortly after 11 pm. They found evidence that mining was being carried out in the late night hours. However, the miscreants involved had fled the spot by the time the officials reached.The raid was led by tehsildar Brijendra Rawat and officer in-charge of Begumgunj police station PB Singh. Speaking to reporters, Brijendra Rawat said, \"We received an information that one RK Construction Company was involved in illegal mining activities on the banks of the river, most of which is under the forest department. We reached the spot and found the vehicles, which have been seized. The total value of the seized vehicles is estimated at around Rs 80 lakh. After confiscation, they have been kept inside the Begumgunj police station premises. A case of illegal mining has been registered.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12957621", "title": "Army men to face court martial or trial in Pathribal, Doom Dooma fake encounters", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a significant order, the Supreme Court on Tuesday ordered the Army to decide within eight weeks the mode of trial - court martial or judicial trial - for officers and soldiers named by the CBI in its chargesheet in two separate incidents of fake encounters - May, 2000, killings in Pathribal in Jammu and Kashmir and February, 1994, killings in Saikhowa Reserve Forest in Assam's Tinsukia district.A bench of Justices B S Chauhan and Swatanter Kumar, who was critical of the misuse of Armed Forces Special Powers Act enforced in J&K; and north-eastern states, said, \"The competent authority in the Army will take a decision within a period of eight weeks from today as to whether the trial would be by the criminal court or by a court martial and communicate the same to the chief judicial magistrate concerned immediately thereafter.\"If the Army opted for court martial proceedings, then it should commence immediately and conclude expeditiously, said Justice Chauhan, who authored the judgement for the bench.\"In case the option is made that the accused would be tried by the criminal court, the CBI shall make an application to the Central government for grant of sanction within four weeks from the receipt of such option and in case such an application is filed, the central government shall take a final decision on the said application within a period of three months,\" the bench said.\"In case sanction is granted by the central government, the criminal court shall proceed with the trial and conclude the same expeditiously,\" the apex court said.Five days after terrorists massacred 36 Sikhs in Chittisinghpura in J&K;'s Anantnag district, seven Rashtriya Rifles (RR) personnel conducted a search operation in village Pathribal Punchalthan and killed five persons claiming them to be responsible for the massacre.Following huge protests in the Valley against the massacre, the Centre in January, 2003, ordered CBI probe into the incident. In May, 2006, the CBI filed chargesheet alleging that it was a fake encounter and accused Col Ajay Saxena, Major Brajendra Pratap Singh, Major Sourabh Sharma, Subedar Idrees Khan and some members of the 7 RR responsible for it.It also alleged that Major Amit Sharma prepared false seizure memo showing recovery of arms and ammunition from the killed and gave a false complaint to the police station showing the dead as foreign militants.In the Assam fake encounter of February 22, 1994, seven personnel from 18th battalion of Punjab Regiment while carrying out counter-insurgency operations in Saikhowa Reserve Forest in Tinsukia district had killed five and had identified them as militants who were killed while launching an ambush.In both these cases after receiving the chargesheets from the CBI, the chief judicial magistrates concerned had sought the Army authorities' option for the mode of trial.The bench said, \"The law on the issue is clear that under Section 125 of the Army Act, the stage of making option to try an accused by a court martial and not by the criminal court is after filing of the chargesheet and before taking cognizance or framing of the charges.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12958282", "title": "Curca panchayat lands in soup over budget approval", "text": "PANAJI: The panchayat authorities of Curca-Bambolim-Telaulim have been caught on the wrong foot after approving the annual budget 2012-13 without placing it at the gram sabha for suggestions. The BDO has called for a report on the episode.The villagers were agitated after the annual budget was passed recently without their knowledge. No gram sabha had been held during the last six months, they alleged.Manguesh Kuttikar, a villager submitted a memorandum to the block development office (BDO), alleging that the passing of the budget 2012-13 was a non-transparent process and no motion was adopted by the gram sabha.\"Despite requests from the gram sabha members, no gram sabha meeting was held during the last six months,\" Kuttikar alleged. The panchayat secretary claimed that enforcement of the code of conduct during the assembly elections compelled the authorities to approve it in the panchayat meeting. But some villagers pointed out that this was false, as the budget was approved after the polls were held.BDO, V S Naik Gaunekar directed the panchayat to place the matter at its fortnightly meeting to clarify allegations leveled by Kuttikar. Further, the BDO directed the panchayat secretary to submit a detailed report, based on the records of the panchayat and copies of relevant records by May 21 in the context of Kuttikar's allegations. The report will be submitted to the panchayat department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "12958222", "title": "Hotel employees want contract system abolished", "text": "CALANGUTE: Workers belonging to the Hotel Employees Federation of India (HEFOI) on Tuesday staged a motorcycle rally through the streets of the tourist belt of Candolim-Calangute on the occasion of May Day, demanding that the Goa government impose a 10% service charge on all hotels and restaurants so as to benefit the employees. They have also demanded that minimum basic wages be hiked to 10,000 and linked to the consumer price index, abolishment of the contract system in the hotel industry in Goa, and preference be given to employment of local youth in the resorts which come up in their villages.The federation has also stated that they should get 10 % service charge as is being done in Nepal and Sri Lanka . All hotels and restaurants should be directed to levy 10 % service charge on bills and the amount should be equally distributed to all hotel and restaurant employees. HEFOI state president Subhas Naik Jorge has said that the chief minister Manohar Parrikar has promised to abolish the contract system when he was in the opposition some years ago. The motorcycle rally, which began near the Vivanta at Aguada, was led by Ramdas Govenkar, president of the Taj Holiday Village Employees Union. Employees on motorcycles, waving red flags, carried placards demanding the 10% service charge.The federation has also demanded that the government should intervene and direct promoters to give first preference to locals in hotel employment as well as in running of taxis. \"Some hotels don't honour their commitment,\" Naik said, demanding that such hotels should not be allowed to operate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12957877", "title": "Pro-Vidarbha leaders' feeble protests on Maharashtra Day", "text": "NAGPUR: Supporters of separate state of Vidarbha made a rather feeble attempt at protests on Tuesday as the state celebrated its 52nd foundation day. Veteran leader Jambuwantrao Dhote organized a small symbolic protest in Yavatmal, but it attracted little crowd as the day temperature soared to 42 degrees Celsius in the region, keeping people indoors though it was a public holiday.In the city, guardian minister Shivajirao Moghe unfurled the flag at the Kasturchand Park to mark Maharashtra Day at a brief official function. A cultural event was organized in the evening by the district administration. The official functions were conducted smoothly despite the call to observe 'black day' by Dhote.In the city, the Bharatiya Federation of New States president of the region Deepak Nilawar and a handful of his associates organized a protest sit-in (dharna) at the RBI square in the noon. They later also held a protest candle-march from the same square to Variety Square. But senior leaders of the movement, including social worker Umesh Choube, Dr Govind Verma and Rajkumar Tirpude, were conspicuous by their absence. The last major attempt to revive the movement was made two years ago but, with no political leader of any stature now taking active interest, it has fizzled out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12958740", "title": "Slain chief mulled new name for Qaida", "text": "WASHINGTON: Felling of top commanders one after the other by US drone strikes had plunged the slain al-Qaida chief Osama bin Laden into gloom in his last days and he was mulling changing al-Qaida's the name, a top US official said.Bin Laden rued \"disaster after disaster\", inflicted by the US drones in his last days, a top US official said.He added that bin Laden's frustration at the hits suffered by his group poured out in documents seized from his last hideout at Abbottabad hideout in Pakistan where he was killed on May 2, 2011. The US official claimed that Osama had \"confessed to disaster after disaster\" in some of the captured documents which would be published online this week by the Combating Terrorism Centre at the US Military Academy at West Point.The American official said that the documents showed that al-Qaida leader had asked his subordinates to flee for places \"away from drones and missile hits.\"Brennan said that al-Qaeda's killing of innocents -- mostly Muslim men, women and children - has badly tarnished its image and appeal in the eyes of Muslims around the world.\"So damaged is al-Qaida's image that bin Laden even considered changing its name,\" he said.\"Even bin Laden and his lieutenants knew this. His propagandist, Adam Gadahn , admitted that they were now seen as a group that does not hesitate to take people's money by falsehood, detonating mosques, (and) spilling the blood of scores of people.\"Bin Laden agreed that \"a large portion\" of Muslims around the world \"have lost their trust\" in al-Qaida, Brennan said.Brennan said despite the great progress US has made against al-Qaeda , it would be a mistake to believe this threat has passed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12957429", "title": "PCI moves SC against Allahabad HC gag on media", "text": "NEW DELHI: For the first time, Press Council of India has moved the Supreme Court to protect press freedom by challenging an Allahabad High Court order gagging print and electronic media from reporting on the controversy related to alleged movement of Army units towards Delhi on January 16.The HC, while dismissing a PIL on April 10, had directed the Union home secretary, information and broadcasting secretary and UP home secretary \"to ensure that there was no reporting/release of any news item by the print as well as electronic media relating to the subject matter, namely, the movement of troops as contained in the news item\".The PCI extracted the detailed order of its chairman Justice Markandey Katju in its special leave petition against the HC order and made Union of India through principal secretary, Prime Minister's Office, the sole official respondent in its appeal.The council sought an interim stay on the April 10 order of the HC and said, \"Due to the said ban, the discharge of the legitimate functions of the fourth estate will be jeopardized in as much as their hands will be tied, leading to violation of their fundamental right of freedom of speech and expression.\"Justice Katju in his order said reporting troop movements near the border during war time should be prohibited as that might aid the enemy and bring harm to Indian forces and compromise national security. \"However, in my opinion, there can be no general prohibition of reporting of all troop movements,\" he said.In its appeal filed through advocate Manju Sharma, the PCI said, \"Indian Army is not a colonial army but the army of the Indian people who pay taxes which meet the entire defence budget including salaries, cost of weapons, equipment etc. Hence, the Indian people have a right to know about the activities of the Indian Army except where it compromises national security.\"India is a democracy and in a democracy the people are supreme and all organs, whether legislature, executive and judiciary, including defence establishments, are servants of the people. Hence, Indian people have the right to know about the activities of the Indian Army. The media reporting is an important means for achieving this end.\"The council said the ban order was unwarranted as the reported troop movement took place on January 16 and was reported in a newspaper 80 days later on April 4. The council quoted Justice Katju, who said, \"With great respect to the High Court, I am of the opinion that the order of the High Court is not correct. The media has a fundamental right under Article 19(1)(a) of the Constitution to make such publication as it did not endanger national security.\"Justice Katju further said, \"The media did an excellent job in exposing the Adarsh and Sukhna scams in which senior Army officers were involved and they were well within their right under Article 19(1)(a) to do so.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12963207", "title": "New iPad: 5 pluses &amp; 5 minuses", "text": "The new iPad made its debut in India on Friday. So far it has seen a modest response. No frenzied queues of buyers, but given the way iPad 2 built upon the success of iPad, there is hope for the new iPad. There is nothing earth-shattering about the new iPad that can be termed a path-breaking leap.Yet, it marks a step ahead in evolution. It is always difficult to better the best-selling gadget, but Apple has managed it in past as proven by the sales of both iPhone 4S and iPad 2. Let us see if iPad 3 (Oh, but they don't call it that!) can meet the same success, and more importantly, whether it is for you! We evaluate the top five advantages and disadvantages of the new iPad.Plus: CameraWhen the new iPad was launched, we were disappointed considering Apple could have easily taken a leap of faith and ported a 8 megapixel rear camera to it a la iPhone 4S, but didn't.But having played with the new iPad for a few days, we can say that despite having been upgraded to just 5 megapixels (still far better than iPad 2), the new iPad camera can take stunning pictures with fine detailing, once again disproving the theory that more megapixels mean better pictures. Thanks to its image stabilisation, face detection et al, the overall quality of pictures is quite decent.Apple launched its iPhoto ($4.99 on iTunes store) photo-editing software in time for the new iPad. It is a lot cooler to edit the photos you shoot with your new toy with iPhoto, and in my view, it is a 'must-have' to go with it.Plus: VideoThe new iPad's awesome camera is all that one requires to click a great video, edit and upload in a jiffy. Okay, the last bit is not possible in most parts of India, but then Apple can hardly be blamed for the mess our networks are in, and the pathetic, expensive bandwidth they provide.We loved the experience of shooting full HD videos on the move too, though holding a camera that is nearly 10 inches wide (9.7 to be precise) gets to you after a while, especially if you are a video aficionado!For video editing, iMovie ($ 4.99 on iTunes) remains the best option on iPad followed by Photoshop and other, more basic alternatives.Plus: DisplayWatching HD movies and videos is a breeze on the new iPad. Just sync via iTunes and since VLC player is not available anymore, use apps like PlayerX ($1.99 on iTunes) if you want to play type of file formats.New iPad plays 1080 pixel HD videos far better than most laptops and high definition TVs: without a hiccup. All thanks to the new quad-core graphics handling added to the same dual core A5X processor (no quad core A6 processor yet!) and the phenomenal 2,048 x 1,536 pixels packed in the screen (four times better than its predecessor)! But for its portable size, you could be excused for forgetting you are not watching a movie on a good quality HDTV .The retina display is simply more remarkable on the iPad than perhaps it was on iPhone 4 where it first debuted. The screen size is the differentiator! Retina display makes the viewing of just about anything crispier and livelier on the new iPad and it is unlikely one will settle for anything less after getting used to it.Plus: Games, books, newsWe have hardly played games on the new iPad in the past four days, but a definite upside will be noticeable on most games once they incorporate retina display. The action games were remarkable on iPad 2 also, but they will be faster and in-your-face on the new iPad.But doing just about anything, including even reading news on Zite or reading the same books, seems so much better on the new iPad, not just because of the better display, but also a better and faster touch experience thanks to what is under its hood.Plus: Good battery lifeDespite the more power hogging display, processor and 4G radio, the new iPad offers same battery time as iPad 2 ie. 10 hours. For one, it would have meant more cells being added to its frame and the battery optimised. Yet, it is only marginally thicker by 1.4 mm and a tad heavier by 50 gram, still a lot lighter and slimmer than the first iPad.Since the difference in weight and thickness is marginal, many users will not feel it. What is better that they won't have to change almost all their accessories. For example, my Belkin cover and Logitech keypad fit the new iPad quite fine.Minus: Looks the sameMany were disappointed to see iPhone 4S look exactly the same as 4. But then, the camera and Siri made all the difference and helped people quickly forget the lack of a new design faster.Barring the camera and the retina display, the new iPad has very few unique selling points. The fact that it looks almost exactly like its predecessor is a handicap. For those who want their newest gadget to flaunt their status, it will be a sorry buy. Apple has been less than obliging to them. Moreover, nowhere does the new iPad say it is the third generation, or new, for that matter!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12958117", "title": "Lokayukta seeks review of lieutenant governor's order", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Lokayukta Justice Manmohan Sarin has sent a special report to lieutenant governor Tejendra Khanna, seeking review of the LG's order that rejected his recommendation to make public the alleged malpractices of a former MCD councillor through display of notices in his ward.The councillor in question, Narender Bindal, was taking money for releasing pension to poor widows, disabled people and the elderly. In his special report to the LG, Justice Sarin has sought placing of his report on the councillor before the Delhi assembly if Khanna does not review his earlier decision in the matter.In June last year, the Lokyaukta had recommended action against Narender Bindal from Nangloi ward. The report states that Bindal demanded Rs 1,100 as contribution for the magazine 'Dharam Pravaha' as a pre-condition for release of pension.Justifying his recommendation for putting up of notices informing people about the alleged misdeeds of Bindal, Justice Sarin held that the approach of \"name and shame\" is being followed in many countries as a tool to make anti-corruption initiatives \"more transparent\".The Lokayukta further says in the report that the Central Vigilance Commission too regularly publishes list of public officers on its websites against whom sanction for prosecution has been granted. The report also says that the LG's order does not disclose the reasons for rejection of the recommendation. The LG has also rejected the recommendation for handing over of evidence collected by the anti-corruption body to investigative agencies for further probe saying, \"law will take its course in the matter\", the Lokayukta has stated. Justice Sarin noted that the LG has accepted the recommendation for reforms in pension payment system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12971337", "title": "Samantha is on a roll", "text": "Samantha has not had a single Tollywood release since the blockbuster Dookudu released in September last year. However, things arr poised to get better for the dusky actress who has four big films releasing back to back in the second half of the year.Maverick director Rajamouli's much awaited special effects extravaganza, Eega is all set to release on May 30. Samantha is playing the lead in mentor Gautham Menon's bilingual, Yeto Vellipoindi Manasu, which is expected to release in July. Nani is playing the lead in the Telugu version while Jeeva stars in the Tamil version. Samantha has high hopes on this Telugu/Tamil bilingual.The actress is doing an out and out mass role in Naga Chaitanya's Autonagar Surya that will hit the screens by June end. Samantha has also the most anticipated SVSC with Venkatesh, Mahesh in the leads lined up for Dussera release. So, Samantha will have back-to-back releases from end of May.Source: way2movies.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12958447", "title": "Two-wheelers gutted in fire at Sec 63 factory", "text": "NOIDA: Hundreds of employees of a garment factory in Sector 63 had a miraculous escape after a fire broke out on Monday afternoon. The fire, which started from a generator of the factory around 2pm, intensified when it spread to diesel drums. Eleven motorcycles and a scooter were damaged in the blaze.\"Three fire tenders were pressed into service,\" said fire safety officer Somdutt Sonkar. \"It took one hour to douse the fire completely. Our firemen rescued three employees,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12960799", "title": "Kanan Malhotra &amp; Gautam Rode walk the ramp for \u2018Shalom\u2019 2012", "text": "TV hotties Kanan Malhotra and Gautam Rode were showstoppers for S.N.D.T's annual fashion show 'Shalom 2012'. The event that took place on 30th April at St. Andrews auditorium at 8pm featured the 'Aajrakhaa Collection' based on the Aajrakh prints.For those unaware about 'Shalom', it's an annual fashion show that features a collection by the graduating students of S.N.D.T College. In the past, celebrities like Milind Soman have also walked for 'Shalom'. Mansi Patel and Himani Jadeja, both final graduating students of SNDT who worked on the collection, could not stop raving about Kanan and Gautam. Say the duo, \"Gautam and Kanan looked absolutely fabulous. Usually Aajrakh prints are printed on cotton but we experimented on denim and linen and Gautam and Kanan literally stole the show\".Kanan Malhotra is said to be dating TV actor Chahat Khanna and he will be seen in Zee TV's upcoming show where Kanan plays a Punjabi boy named Daljeet from Chandigarh. Gautam Rode, who is best remembered for his role in the show 'Baa Bahu Aur Baby', strutted his stuff on the ramp and had all the women swooning.Supporting Gautam and Kanan were other TV celebs like Shraddha Nigam and Mayank Anand who were also present at the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12963869", "title": "10 strangest job titles on LinkedIn", "text": "Have you ever shared an office with a 'Digital Overlord'? Or crunched numbers with an 'Accounting Ninja'? If not, there's hope yet, because the recent movement towards more unorthodox job titles looks set to continue, according to UK-based specialist recruitment consultancy IntaPeople.Having scoured thousands of online profiles, IntaPeople has revealed what it believes to be the ten most peculiar job titles being used by professionals on LinkedIn.The top ten: * Digital Overlord * Creator of Happiness * Retail Jedi * Wizard of Light Bulb Moments * Dream Alchemist * Chief Chatter * Change Magician * Accounting Ninja * Chief Biscuit Dunker * Direct Mail Demi-GodStephen Riley, director at IntaPeople, commented, \"We are seeing more and more of these kind of job titles cropping up on online profiles, CVs and business cards. Many feel that casting away conventional titles will help them broadcast their individuality and give them a real edge over their competitors.\"It is a trend that is almost certainly linked with the explosion of social media. Social networking sites such as Facebook and Twitter have shown that there is real value in bringing more personality to business, and creative job titles offer individuals another way of doing this.\"It can be a risky tactic, though. Companies are increasingly using sites like LinkedIn to research prospective employees and suppliers. If it seems like you are not taking your job seriously enough, you could well miss out on some great business opportunities. Calling yourself a 'Wizard' or a 'Jedi' could be just a step too far for some.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12957154", "title": "Rousing Rabindra Sangeet born on banks of Sabarmati", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If you happen to trace the origin of 'Rabindra Sangeet' it will lead you to Ahmedabad. For it was here that the author of India's national anthem and the country's first Nobel laureate Rabindranath Tagore composed his first music. Tagore has influenced numerous forms of art in Ahmedabad and shared a unique connection with the city.\"It is this unique relationship of Tagore with the city that the Gujarati Sahitya Parishad (GSP) plans to explore during the six-day 'Rabindra Mahotsav' beginning Wednesday at its venue. The festival will include his plays, poems, Rabindra Sangeet, discourses and criticisms of his works. As the story of Kshudhit Pashan was conceived at the Shah Jahan palace in Shahibaug, a film on the same will be screened during the festival,\" said GSP secretary Rajendra Patel.In 1878, Tagore was staying with his elder brother, Satyendranath, who was posted here as district judge. Satyendranath was conversant with Gujarati and had given lectures also. Tagore read English and prepared himself for higher studies in UK while staying in the Shah Jahan palace in Shahibaug, which is the Sardar Patel memorial today. He was 17 and wrote his early poems and short stories here.Interestingly, his stay in Ahmedabad inspired him to compose his poetry and also make a serious attempt towards creating his own music. Tagore composed his first poem 'Boli O Amar Golap Bala (I say, O my girl of roses)'. In his book 'My Reminiscences', Tagore wrote of how he came up with the idea of the poem, \"On moonlight nights pacing round and round the extensive terrace overlooking the river was one of my caprices. It was while doing so that I first composed my own tunes for my songs. The song addressed to the Rosemaiden was one of these, and it still finds a place in my published works.\" These instances are mentioned in a book called 'Tagore in Ahmedabad' by Shailesh Parekh.Recalling the time spent at the Shah Jahan's palace Tagore wrote, \"The judge's house is known as Shahibagh and was a palace of the Badshahs of old. At the foot of the wall supporting a broad terrace flowed the thin summer stream of the Savarmati river along one edge of its ample bed of sand. My brother used to go off to his court, and I would be left all alone in the vast expanse of the palace, with only the cooing of the pigeons to break the midday stillness; and an unaccountable curiosity kept me wandering about the empty rooms.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "12957732", "title": "Bhandara without collector for last 10 days", "text": "BHANDARA: The affairs of Bhandara district administration are being run from Gondia collectorate. Sounds strange, but true. Bhandara doesn't have a regular collector for last 10 days and if sources are to be believed the situation may last till June.Bhandara collector Pradeep Kalbhor was transferred to Gondia as collector on April 19. Interestingly before his transfer to Gondia, he was holding additional charge of Gondia district. Now he is collector of Gondia district and is holding additional charge of Bhandara.In the crucial summer season district needs regular collector to deliver the goods. The collector is regarded as a district coordinator as he has to coordinate with all the departments to implement various schemes.Criticising the state government, BJP district general secretary Anil Mendhe said, \"It shows how serious is the state about Bhandara and its residents. It also shows that the collectors of both the districts are not posted for implementing government schemes but for appeasing some influential politicians. Otherwise how can one explain such a serious lapse.\"\"The district administration is completely paralyzed and the worst sufferer is the common man as a headless district will proceed nowhere. But what surprises me is that no one has raised this issue seriously,\" he said.District NCP chief Avinash Bramhankar however said that in near future a new collector will take over the reigns of Bhandara. \"We are aware of the situation and a new collector will take over as Bhandara collector in some days,\" he said, without giving a deadline about the date of joining of the new collector.Several attempts were made to contact Pradeep Kalbhor on his cell phone but to no avail.With his tongue firmly in his cheek a revenue officer said, \"Well, if one collector has to run the administration of both districts then his office should be at Saundad toll plaza - which is on the border of Bhandara and Gondia.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12965781", "title": "My sons and daughters will join politics: Rabri Devi", "text": "PATNA: Former Bihar Chief Minister Rabri Devi said there was nothing new in dynastic politics in the country and her sons and daughters would join politics.\"There is nothing new about dynasty in politics and my sons and daughters too will be seen in active politics,\" Rabri Devi, who was elected unopposed to the state Legislative Council told reporters after taking the certificate.You can take the example of Sharad Pawar and Karunanidhi whose daughter and sons are in active politics, Rabri Devi, the wife of RJD chief Lalu Prasad said.She further said even sons of Bihar Agriculture minister Narendra Singh and ruling JD(U) MP Jagdish Sharma too are in politics.\"If anybody from my family goes to politics what is the new thing about it. Our sons and daughters will join active politics,\" she said in reply to a question.\"After being elected a member of state legislative council I will devote my full time for the people of Bihar and I will remain here and shall go to the people to expose Nitish Kumar ,\" Rabri Devi said.Referring to reported remarks of yoga guru Baba Ramdev against MPs, Rabri Devi said \"Ramdev has made his remark on overall deterioration in politics and he has rightly said about it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12956711", "title": "Mining department\u2019s \u2018unrealistic\u2019 report on sand irks high court", "text": "HYDERABAD: Finding fault with the mines and geology department in Srikakulam district for sending 'unrealistic' reports on the quantity of sand sold to a contractor in an auction, the high court has asked authorities to come with photographic evidence of the remaining sand stock by the next date of hearing.The division bench, comprising Chief Justice Madan B Lokur and Justice P V Sanjay Kumar , made this order while hearing a petition filed by one B Venkata Rao, a sand contractor from Srikakulam, who complained that the authorities were allowing illegal sand quarrying close to his area at Yaragama in Sarubujjili mandal of the district.The authorities seized 8715 cubic metres of illegal sand and auctioned it in June 2011. The contractor, Jeevaratnam, who purchased this for Rs 28 lakh was given one month time to take it. When he failed to clear up within one month, the principal secretary of industries granted three more months to the contractor. He was never given rights to excavate sand, but in the garb of shifting his sand, he resorted to illegal excavation as well, Venkata Rao, who got sand quarrying rights at Yaragama, told the court.When the matter came up for hearing, the bench noticed that even one year after buying the sand, Jeevaratnam failed to move out any of it. \"When rain comes, sand is bound to be washed away. But the reports of mines and geology authorities suggest that even rain did not erode sand heaps. May be it rains once a year in Srikakulam!\" the bench quipped.When R Vinod Reddy, the government counsel for mines department, tried to justify the actions of the officials, the bench said curtly, \"Tell us the facts. What kind of reports your officials are sending? Is the sand still lying intact despite rains in the last one year?\"K Chidambaram, the counsel for Jeevaratnam, told the court that the sand mining rules were not applicable to his client because he purchased the sand through an auction and urged the court to allow him to lift the remaining sand.The bench directed the mines counsel to come back to them with the photos of the sand lying in the area by the next date of hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12960158", "title": "District Bar Association poll cancelled after pandemonium", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The District Bar Association (DBA) elections were cancelled on Tuesday amid reports of irregularities and mismanagement by majority of candidates. Some candidates also tore the ballot papers and took away the ballot boxes accusing the election officer and other office bearers of conspiracy to postpone the elections.As per reports, polling started at around 10am at the district court campus in the presence of election officer Kamla Kant Shukla. In the meantime, some polling officials complained they were provided information about assignment of polling duties barely two hours before the election and they had not done necessary preparations to handle the assignment.In between some candidates contesting the election arrived on the spot and raised slogans against the polling official.Given the pandemonium, the election officer announced cancellation of polling and said that fresh dates would be announced later. Around 87 candidates are contesting elections for 18 posts in DBA which has a combined strength of 3,700 voters.A candidate for the post of general secretary, Lalit Ojha, condemned the incident and accused the election officials of indulging in favouritism and nepotism. This, he said, has resulted in the postponement of elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12958545", "title": "India, Norway to set up centre for green policies", "text": "CHENNAI: The governments of India and Norway will work together to develop a think-tank to help their governments frame policies and laws related to biodiversity and environment.The 'Centre for Biodiversity Policy and Law' will be formally launched in Chennai on Tuesday by Heidi Sorensen, state secretary of ministry of environment, the government of Norway, and her Indian counterpart at the central level, Tishyarakshit Chatterjee. The mandate of the centre is to work at the national level and fill gaps in the existing infrastructure on specialized knowledge in biodiversity and environment.\"Norway was chosen as the partner as both countries agree on several policies on biodiversity,\" said Balakrishna Pisupati, chairman of National Biodiversity Authority (NBA). \"But it is not closed to ideas from other countries,\" he added. The centre will provide training, capacity building, human resource development opportunity for intellectual and academic pursuits for interested candidates.NBA was established in 2003 to oversee implementation of the Biological Diversity Act 2002. It is an autonomous and statutory body of the minister of environment and forests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12957979", "title": "Anna Hazare awaits huge reception in Gondia", "text": "GONDIA: Activists of India Against Corruption in Gondia are busy in the preparation of anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare in Gondia on May 14.As per the official programme, Hazare is expected to address meeting on the ground of Sindhi High School in Gondia at 5pm on May 14. From the enthusiasm seen in the people and efforts of activists of IAC, a huge number of villagers and cultivators are expected attend the public meeting.A special meeting of the managing committee was organized under Ranjeetbhai Jassani in which various sub committees have been formed in view of the huge gathering.Govt schemes up to the mark: DeshmukhFood and civil supplies minister Anil Deshmukh said that the district administration along with zilla parishad's coordination has succeeded in proper implementation of various government schemes and projects. He was speaking on Tuesday on the sidelines of a ceremony organized at district police headquarters in Karanja to mark the 52 years of the formation of Maharashtra. The ceremony saw police officials, home guards, NCC and fire brigade personnel paying guard of honour to the national flag.So far, Gondia district was known as a paddy growing region. Now, vegetables and sugarcane are also being cultivated here. Deshmukh congratulated the farmers for the transformation.ZP president Netram Katre, MLA Gopaldas Agrawal, collector Pradeep Kalbhor, chief executive officer ZP Gondia Dr Yeshwant Gedam, superintendent of police Chandrakishore Mina and commander of battalion Kose were present at the ceremony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12957969", "title": "Revised trade treaty may make Nepal a hub of duty evasion", "text": "NEW DELHI: The revised Indo-Nepal Treaty on Trade signed in 2009 is threatening to make Nepal the next big duty evasion hub on par with Dubai and Singapore.The treaty, expected to increase trade between the two countries manifold, intends to give hitherto unavailable export benefits to businessmen from both countries - a clause put into effect in March this year.Financial intelligence agencies in India believe this may lead to overvaluation of consignments to avail of higher benefits under the export promotion schemes, which will hit the Indian exchequer. To counter this threat, the government has now asked agencies such as the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) to strengthen its intelligence network focusing on export-import channels between India and Nepal.This was one area Indian agencies never focused on as there was no incentive in the system that would lead to export malpractices in terms of duty evasion.As per the old trade treaty signed 13 years ago, exports to Nepal are not refunded excise duty, unlike exports of goods to other countries.In the case of India-Nepal trade, Indian exporters got an exemption on customs duty to be paid on import of items equivalent to the excise duty paid by them, which was reimbursed to the Nepalese government by India. For many products, the excise duty paid in India was much higher than the customs duty exemption that the products got in Nepal and, therefore, Indian traders turned out to be net losers.The export-import clause of the new treaty allows Indian exporters to claim excise refunds. While the new agreement strives to correct anomalies of the old treaty to improve exports to Nepal, financial intelligence agencies believe this will also encourage unscrupulous traders to overvalue or undervalue their consignments in order to seek greater refund benefits.Traditionally, agencies have mainly focused on fake currency and smuggling rackets vis-a-vis Nepal.The 2009 trade treaty revises the treaty of 1996 between the two countries. The 1996 treaty pushed up growth of bilateral trade from Rs 2,810 crore in 1995-96 to Rs 20,480 crore in 2008-09. Nepalese exports to India increased from Rs 370 crore in 1995-96 to Rs 4,090 crore in 2008-09. Indian exports to Nepal increased from Rs 2,440 crore in 1995-96 to Rs 16,500 crore in 2008-09. This is expected to go up further in the coming years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12956758", "title": "Traders fume as \u2018touts\u2019 rule at Charminar", "text": "HYDERABAD: Alleging that tourists visiting the Charminar are being shepherded to select stores selling pearls and souvenirs by travel agents, tourist guides, autorickshaw and cab drivers and even securitymen posted at the monument, local traders have shot off a letter to the Archeology Survey of India (ASI) urging it to put a stop to this unholy nexus.In the letter to the ASI, the custodian of the monument, the traders have identified four stores being \"peddled\" to outlets selling gthe tourists as \"government-run oenuine pearls.\" Five security guards of a private firm, Delhi-based Security and Intelligence Services, deployed at Charminar are promoting these stores by taking commission, they alleged.One of the traders told TOI that the security guards get between 10 and 20 per cent commission on the sale of items for their services. \"Auto and cab drivers, security personnel, travel agents and guides are all involved in promoting some shops for a cut. They tell tourists to visit particular outlets. After the tourist leaves, they go to the trader and collect their commission,\" he explained.A senior official of the tourism department said that the department gives certificates to genuine traders.While maintaining that unethical practices are very difficult to weed out, he said, \"There are guidelines laid down by the government to ensure that tourists are not harassed in any way. However, these are not being followed. Travel agents, guides and security personnel should be trained to make the visit pleasant but not promote business of one shop or the other. They can inform them about certified outlets but cannot direct them to any particular trader.\"When contacted, in-charge of the security services Sudhir Kumar Pandey said he had taken note of the complaint. He said, \"The guards are busy with their work. They hardly have the time to interact with visitors. The ASI in-charge here has also told me that they have no information of any such activity. Now that I have received a complaint I have asked one of the guards to keep an eye on other guards and report to me. If anyone is found indulging in any unethical activity, action will be taken against him,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12956919", "title": "Investment projects worth 2700 crore cleared", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government's empowered committee on Tuesday cleared investment proposals worth Rs 2700 crore.Among the cleared proposals, the major ones included Hero MotoCorp Ltd's Neemrana (Alwar) project worth Rs 900 crore, JCB India Ltd's Kukas project worth Rs 500 crore and Perto India Private Ltd's automatic teller machine (ATM) plant project at Jaipur worth Rs 200 crore. The Hero MotoCorp Ltd will set up a research and manufacturing unit at Neemrana, while the JCB India Ltd would develop a heavy-earth moving facility at Kukas.The empowered committee set up under the single-window system cleared the investment proposals at a meeting presided by state chief secretary C K Mathew. \"A total of seven proposals worth Rs 2700 crore were cleared,\" a senior official present at the meeting told TOI.The remaining four investment proposals related to setting up cement plants in Nagaur, Pali, Baran and Banswara districts. These plants would get the state investments between Rs 1,000 and Rs 1,500 crore.The Brazilian ATM manufacturer, Perto India Private Ltd, would manufacture 1,000 ATMs and their components once its plant becomes fully operational. The company would set up the plant in three phases at Mahindra World City, Jaipur. The Phase-I is expected to be operational by mid 2013 while phase-II would be ready by the first half of 2015. The company aims to generate employment for around 1,500 people in the state.\"The cleared proposals will generate sizeable employment for people in the state. In the coming days, more employment generating investment proposals would be cleared,\" a senior official said.Besides chief secretary Mathew, those present at the meeting included principal secretary (UDH) GS Sandhu, managing director of Bureau of Investment and Promotion (BIP) Purushottam Agarwal, RIICO chairman and managing director Sunil Arora and additional chief secretary (forests) VS Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12961233", "title": "Manipal University celebrates Founders\u2019 Day", "text": "MANGALORE: Manipal Group of Institutions celebrated Founders' Day on Monday with a variety of programmes. The day began with recitation of bhajans and ended with speakers paying rich tributes to TMA Pai, whose 114th birth anniversary was celebrated on Monday. A book on the late Pai, written by MV Kamath, honorary director of Manipal Institute of Communication was also released on the occasion.Ajoy Kumar, MP from Jharkhand and the chief guest at the event, was happy to accept Manipal University's offer to start a project in Jamshedpur. The MP said that he was working on a number of development projects in his constituency. \"I will be very happy to see Jamshedpur turn into an education city with assistance from MU,\" he said. MV Pylee, former vice-chancellor of Cochin University, who was the guest of honour, suggested that Manipal University should actually be called Dr TMA Pai Manipal University and should go for a state university status.Pylee said, \"This university is better than most of the state and central universities in the country,\" adding that credit for laying foundation for this goes to TMA Pai.Earlier, three students were felicitated for excelling in their areas of interest. Ninaada Nayak was felicitated for excelling in singing, Pratiksha Shenoy for excelling in drawing and Manoj Kini, for becoming the official photographer of Force India Formula One Team Academy held at Silverstone. Raghupaty Bhat, Udupi MLA inaugurated the ramp facility at Asare, home for special children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12959317", "title": "10 from city killed in Andhra Pradesh accident", "text": "BANGALORE: Ten Bangaloreans, including four women and two children, were killed when the MUV they were travelling in collided head-on with a oil tanker in Kurnool district on Tuesday. The victims, all from Bangalore, were on a pilgrimage in a Toyota Qualis. They were on their way to Mahanandi after visiting Srisailam when the accident happened between Atmakur and Velgodu villages in Kurnool district at around 3.45pm, he said.Those killed were identified as Navya and Hamsa (both children) and Prema, Renuka, Chandana, Pallavi, Venkatesh, Nagraj, Kumar, and Ramu. Sources said they belonged to one family from Yeshwantpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12961353", "title": "Rajshri Productions bring the Big Fat Indian Wedding on TV!", "text": "Rajshri Productions is synonymous with family entertainment and romantic films that have graced our screens for decades. Whether it's Salman and Bhagyashree in 'Maine Pyar Kiya' or Shahid and Amrita Rao in 'Vivah', marriage is an integral part of their films.Continuing this tradition, Rajshri Productions have launched their new show 'Jhilmil Sitaron Ka Aangan Hoga' on Sahara One. It's a typical story about boy meets girl and a romance ensues. 'Jhilmil Sitaron Ka Aangan Hoga' will have all the drama about large joint families and the gala Indian wedding. Aakash Sharma and Angana Raichand are the protagonists in the serial that aired on 30th April. But there's a twist to the fairy tale!Angana will not be the typical bride who follows her husband to their marital home. Instead, Aakash will play a ghar jamai who follows Angana to her house. Are traditions changing and will the groom have a bidaai ceremony?How will Angana's mother Kalyani Devi (played by Sudha Chandran) treat her to be son-in law? Will everything turn topsy turvy for the couple to be? Although 'Jhilmil Sitaron Ka Aangan Hoga' promises to have all the ingredients of a Barjatya production, will it be as successful as the films? Only time will tell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12956952", "title": "MBA poses as Pujari gang member, held", "text": "MUMBAI: The anti-extortion cell of the Mumbai police arrested an MBA for posing as a member of the Ravi Pujari gang and trying to extort Rs 10 lakh from an HR executive. Cops said the complainant had first got a call in November last year but ignored it thinking it could be a prank.However, the threat calls continued. While investigating his complaint, cops found out that the calls were being made from Airoli, and soon arrested the accused from there. The accused told them he suffered huge losses in his business and wanted to recover it through extortion. The accused had posed as a member of the Ravi Pujari gang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12957864", "title": "Antiviral can reduce intensity", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Not many of you might be aware of medicines which can reduce both the intensity and duration of chickenpox, as doctors feel that there is still lack of information regarding the availability of antiviral drugs. \"What is generally known to the parents is only immunization against chickenpox which is only preventive. In case a vaccine is injected when a person has chickenpox, the virus can flare up. The vaccine is a live organism of the disease which if injected at the time of infection can only add to it. In case it is given as a routine immunization as a preventive measure, the organisms can fight against the viral,\" said Dr R S Bedi, a city-based paediatrician.The antiviral drug acyclovir must be prescribed within 24-48 hours after the onset of the pox. However these drugs are generally given to people who are more likely to become seriously ill or develop complications from chickenpox. \"These drugs are not for healthy patients who have chickenpox. It is only prescribed if a person's symptoms are severe,\" said Dr Ravi Kumar, a city based physician.Doctors confirm that antiviral medicines may shorten the length of illness from chickenpox, cause fewer blisters to form, and help blisters heal faster. \"They work best if taken right after the first signs of chickenpox rash appear. Parents can heave a sigh of relief as antiviral drugs against chickenpox can reduce the duration and the intensity of the disease. It can reduce the duration of chickenpox from three weeks to two weeks,\" said Dr Bedi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12961289", "title": "Anand Mahindra may be IIM-Indore chairman", "text": "INDORE: Anand Mahindra, vice-chairman and managing director of the Rs 40,000 crore Mahindra &amp; Mahindra (M&M;) group, may be the next chairman of Indian Institute of Management-Indore.Sources in the know of the development said the Centre has already requested Mahindra in this regard. The chairman's tenure is normally for five years. IIM-I chairman Jhunjhunwala, whose term was supposed to end on May 31, had put in his papers after differences with the institute's director, N Ravichandran. Jhunjhunwala had questioned the financial integrity of the director. Anand Mahindra is a Harvard graduate and his company was recently in news for becoming the world's largest tractor manufacturers, even surpassing the USA-based company John Deere in respect of volume of production. As per sources, the annual profit of the M&M; group goes beyond Rs 5,000 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12957705", "title": "Minor's body found in northeast Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A highly decomposed body of a minor girl was found near Wazirabad Road in Khajoori Khas area of northeast Delhi on Sunday night, the fourth such recovery in one week. Earlier lat week, three bodies were found at Nehru Place, LNJP Hospital and Sonia Vihar respectively.It appeared as if the body had been lying at the spot for at least two days before it was discovered, said police. Whether the girl had been sexually assaulted can be ascertained only after the postmortem, said a senior police cop.A passerby had spotted the disfigured body and informed police. The body has been preserved in the mortuary for identification. However, a family has approached police and claimed that it is their missing daughter's body. \"A DNA test will be conducted to find out if the body is of the same girl who went missing four days ago,\" the officer said.Meanwhile, cops have still not made headway in the other three cases. Investigations came to a halt in the Nehru Place incident after police found out that the deceased had a child and that her husband - whose name was tattooed on her right hand - was previously married to a woman who stays in Rohini.In the LNJP Hospital case and the Sonia Vihar incident, cops are yet to identify the bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12960591", "title": "Tahsildar complains of assault by MLA's kin", "text": "HUBLI: A tahsildar of Hoovina Hadagali of Bellary district has lodged a complaint at Hoovina Hadagali police station that the sons and brother of MLA Chandra Naik abused and assaulted him on Tuesday. Police inspector Bhagyawati B told TOI that tahsildar M Neelappa has complained that he went to the MLA's residence on being called on by him to discuss about elections to the GP president's post of Mailara village.A verbal clash erupted between the two and suddenly the MLA's sons Manju Naik and Sethu Naik along with his brother Meganaik entered the room and abused and assaulted the tahasildar, police added. A case has been registered with the Hoovina Hadagali police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "12957351", "title": "MNS men \u2018thrash\u2019 Kalyan widow", "text": "KALYAN: A 36-year-old widow from Kalyan alleged that she was beaten up by around 20 MNS activists, including president of the party's city unit Ravi Bhosale, to make her vacate the rented house where she stayed.The victim, Harshada Bhanushali, was admitted to Thane Civil Hospital with leg injuries. She also claimed that she was under pressure not to lodge a complaint against Bhosale and the landlord, at whose behest the MNS workers allegedly attacked her.However, Bhosale rubbished the woman's charges, saying he or his party workers did not assault the woman. \"I just went there to sort out the matter,\" he added.Shantaram Waghmare, additional commissioner of police (Central zone), said: \"I will order the Bazarpeth police to file a case against the accused and take proper action against those responsible.\"The woman, who quit her bank job two months ago, had been staying in a one-room flat in Kalyan's Beturkarpada with her 11-year-old son for the past one year. She was said to be looking for a new job.Bhanushali alleged that her landlord came to the flat with eight people on April 13 and threatened her to vacate the house. She also claimed that after a few days, Bhosale visited the flat with some supporters and asked her to leave before April 30. He warned him of dire consequences if she didn't comply, the woman alleged.Bhanushali went to the DCP's office around 11am on Monday seeking action in the matter. She said soon after she returned home, Bhosale turned up at her flat with his supporters.The victim's friend, Kanchan Kulkarni, who was present during the alleged incident, said: \"Bhosale started beating her up with a bat and his supporters soon joined him in assaulting her. Bhanushali sustained injuries in the attack and her clothes were also torn. They also threw her belongings outside the house.\"Kulkarni and Congress leader Shailesh Tiwari rushed Bhanushali to Rukminibai Hospital, from where she was shifted to Thane's Civil Hospital. Tiwari said: \"Even after the incident, there was pressure on Bhanushali-from both the police and the MNS workers-not to lodge a complaint in the matter. The local cops said they would start the probe after the victim recovered and gave her statement.\" Both the police and the MNS denied the allegation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12958401", "title": "House panel wants cooling-off period for Army officers raised to five years", "text": "NEW DELHI: With scores of military officers heading straight for armament companies after retirement, a parliamentary panel has proposed the government should impose a five-year ban on superannuating senior officers joining the private sector.This came after the standing committee on defence was informed that the \"cooling off'' period had now been reduced to one year from the earlier two years. Holding that many retired officers act as \"middlemen'' in arms procurements, the standing committee on defence was of the \"strong view'' that the restriction needed to be increased to five years for officers of the rank of brigadier and above in the armed forces.Incidentally, a retired lieutenant general was recently accused of offering a Rs 14 crore to Army chief Gen V K Singh for clearing a lot of \"sub-standard'' Tatra trucks for the force.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12957665", "title": "Nashik City's under-20 athletes sprint through state trials", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra under-20 age group athletic selection trials were conducted by the state body at Balewadi, Pune, where the Nashik team consisting of five boys and three girls went on to bag five gold, three silver and bronze medals, asserting to assert the supremacy of Nashik players in the the state's sporting events.Every Nashik athlete participating in the event wore a medal.The city has emerged as a powerhouse in athletics not only in Maharashtra but also in India. also under the SAI Athletic Centre headed by Veejendra Singh, the coach of Kavita Raut.All the eight athletes from Nashik who took part in the two-day selection trials won some or the other medal.Their medal-winning show assumed more significance as they not only beat the other opponents but in doing so, beat the oppressive April heat too. Govind Rai confirmed his reputation of being a sure shot medal winner in discus throw when he lifted the gold with a commendable 44.7mt throw.Suresh Wagh, also a very promising middle and long distance runner, did not disappoint when he too wrested the gold in 5000m running and silver in 1500m. Amol Ghuge took the bronze in 5000m while a Hari Chavan, secured a bronze in 1500m running. a village boy of limited means, coming from a poor family Hari Chavan got the bronze medal in 1500m running.A newcomer at in the Bhosala SIA centre, Sarvesh Wagh, surprised everyone by walking away with the top honours in the high jump category, with a 1.90m jump. while Nashik's dependable female duo, the two ever-dependable girls Kojagiri Bachhav and Rishu Singh, lived up to expectations illing by emerging supreme in 1500m where they clocked 4 minutes and 08 seconds, and 2 minutes and 28 minutes in the 800 m (2minutes and 28 seconds) running events respectively. Rishu grabbed the second spot in the 1500m and also added a silver.The young and talented Gauri Rajole helped in swelling the medal tally by winning a second spot in hammer throw.\"I am really proud of this very promising bunch as they rarely fail to deliver.\" said their happycoach Veejendra Singh. He added that he acknowledged the immense contribution of the military school. and added,\"I must not forget the tremendous help by the Bhosala military school whose ground we are using. They have provided us with training facilities and have helped our visiting athletes coming from the nearby villages, and from the lower income families by offering accommodations at theing them in hostel at a very affordable rate.\"Commenting on the team's sponsorships, Singh While dwelling on the sponsorships he thanked Mahindra and Mahindra for awarding Rs two lakh each to the top ten athletes of the SIA centre but added that he had, have \"10-12 more players who also too badly require the generous sponsors failing which they may wilt\". like Mahindra. If no sponsors come up they may wilt\".The six athletes, Suresh Wagh, Govind Rai, Kojagiri Bachhav, Rishu Singh, Gauri Rajole and Sarvesh Kushare have made it in the state team for the nationals to be held at the same place from May 8.The Indian team for the Asian under-20 championships taking place in July in Sri Lanka will be selected on the basis of the performance in the nationals, hence the event assumes y assume much importance for the participating the Nashikites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12957074", "title": "Another infant girl found abandoned in a park", "text": "JAIPUR: An infant girl was found abandoned in the Mahatma Gandhi hospital park in Bhilwara. Unlike other cases where such girls are given to orphanage in the absence of their parents, many couples in the town have approached the child and welfare department to adopt the baby who is two-day old.On late Monday night, some people in the park heard the sound of a baby crying nearby. After looking around, they found an infant girl lying on a bench. Shocked at the plight of the girl, some women there immediately took the girl in their possession and informed the Bheemganj police station. Later, a team of police gave the girl to the people associated in the child welfare.Despite the fact that police were yet to trace down her actual parents, many couples have shown interest for adopting the baby girl.\"How cruel would be her parents to drop her on the bench in the middle of night. The girl is hale and hearty and it appears that she was born at home, not at any maternity hospital,\" said Dr Suneeta Trivedi, chairperson, Child Welfare Committee, Bhilwara, on Tuesday.Trivedi said that though police was doing the job of tracking down the parents, there are many childless couples, who have approached her to adopt the girl. \"Our first priority is to ensure that the baby remains in good health. Since she is just two-day old, she has been kept at intensive care unit of the Mahatma Gandhi hospital. After a fortnight we will look at the applications to find suitable parents for the girl,\" she added.At least 12 couples have approached the child welfare committee to adopt the baby.\"We have got nearly 12 such applications from childless parents and even single mothers have approached us to take the girl home. After a fortnight, we will definitely give the girl to a couple by completing legal formalities. That would be done only when her parents would not be found,\" Trivedi added.Apart from these applications, many people are coming to the Mahatma Gandhi hospital to find out if they can do anything for the baby girl.Police said that since the girl was not born at any maternity hospital they looking for leads if any woman's delivery was conducted at home itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12961419", "title": "Maureen Wadia in defence of her son", "text": "Maureen Wadia dismisses rumours that her son has lost interest in his IPL team.Maureen Wadia is currently fielding queries about her older son Ness, who owns an IPL team that hasn't had a great report card since its inception. Talking about why he has been missing from the IPL season, Wadia says, \"Ness has been busy managing the family business. As his father is growing older, he has taken on more responsibilities. This is also the financial year closing and he hasn't had much time to be on the field. That doesn't mean he has lost interest in the team. He records all the matches and sees them whenever he finds time in between meetings. He is in touch with captain and head coach Adam Gilchrist , and the others.\"As for whether the team's average performance has upset Ness and the family, she says, \"Well, it's bad luck. No one can control what goes on in the field. The Mumbai match was shocking. I was in a meeting, and an hour before the conclusion of the match I switched off the TV set as everyone started congratulating me saying we've nearly won. The next thing I know, we'd lost the match.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12960137", "title": "AUTA condemns inept handling of situation", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Demanding action against the officials responsible for lathicharge on students and removal of vice-chancellor of Allahabad University, the students continued their indefinite fast on Tuesday in front of the statue of Chandrashekhar Azad. They also formed a human chain to draw the attention of university authorities towards their demand.The leaders of National Students Union of India (NSUI) have demanded a probe into the incident of lathicharge on students sitting on dharna outside the office of vice-chancellor.The students have also urged the university authorities to allow them to stay in their hostels during summer vacations in order to enable them to appear in competitive examinations.UPCC vice-president Shekhar Bahuguna, who met the striking students on Tuesday, told newspersons that the matter has been brought to the notice of HRD minister Kapil Sibal and Amethi MP Rahul Gandhi. A team of the HRD ministry is scheduled to arrive in the city on Wednesday. It would interact with the student leaders, teachers and university officials to ascertain facts.Bahugune urged the university authorities to adopt a sympathetic attitude towards students and make efforts to resolve the issue, because if things are not addressed properly it would disturb the academic atmosphere of the university.Meanwhile, the working committee of Allahabad University Teachers Association (AUTA) met on Monday in the department of economics, under the chairmanship of its president GC Tripathi.In a statement issued on Tuesday, he said that from time to time AUTA has been expressing concern over the erratic and arbitrary functioning of the university administration. The members expressed concern over the inept handling of the sensitive issue, which resulted in violence on April 26.AUTA condemned the incidents of violence.The teachers' association said that the failure of the university administration to initiate dialogue with the agitating students and its apathy towards genuine grievances was the root cause of the ugly incidents. AUTA said that university administration should have been more sensitive in addressing the problems of hostel inmates. The teachers' body also expressed dissatisfaction over the ill-thought and ill-advised decisions which are taken without taking into confidence various sections of the university.The working committee of AUTA pointed out that a proper inquiry should be conducted to fix responsibility and those found guilty be brought to book so that such unfortunate incidents do not recur in future.The working committee felt that there is an urgent need for an immediate review of the hostel policy of the university so that changes could be made to provide better facilities to the inmates commensurate with the facilities being provided in other Central universities.The committee authorized its president to constitute a team of teachers to meet the HRD ministry team and present viewpoint of AUTA on the situation prevailing in the University in general and the incidents related to the violence in particular.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12957912", "title": "Indira Gandhi National Open University move draws student ire", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Indira Gandhi National Open University is going through one of its worst crises since its establishment in 1985. Hundreds of students turned up to protest against the closure of 26 face-to-face programmes and over 10,000 BEd aspirants for being deprived of admissions because of the closing down of 129 institutions under Ignou's convergence scheme on Tuesday.The students, who were agitating since April 16, 2012, didn't let the acting vice-chancellor enter the campus. Later, the university administration had to call the police to bring the situation under control and 17 agitating students were taken into custody.Trouble started on the campus when the university administration stopped all admissions for its 26 face-to-face programmes which are offered in the main campus in Maidan Garhi. These courses have gained popularity since their introduction in 2008 and at present around 2,000 students are enrolled in these undergraduate and postgraduate courses.Another major decision that made the students come out in protest is the step to stop all admissions for the BEd programme under the convergence scheme. The decision to stop fresh admission to the community colleges made matters worse.\"Around 129 institutions under the convergence scheme were stopped from fresh enrolment for BEd programme, which will adversely affect the 10,000 aspirants who have already cleared the entrance exam. Moreover, hundreds of community colleges under Ignou were also asked not to undertake fresh admissions resulting in crores of loss to the university. What is worse is that these decisions are being taken despite the academic council asking the acting vice-chancellor to refrain from making such policy decision,\" said Dr S Sudershan, deputy director of planning and development, Ignou.Even admissions under open and distance learning have taken a hit this year. While Ignou admitted 1.19 lakh students in January 2012, during the same period last year the university admitted nearly two lakh students.\"Where will poor meritorious students who want to pursue face to face higher education go if universities keep closing courses?\" said a student of Ignou.Meanwhile, since V N Rajasekharan Pillai completed his term as the vice chancellor, the university is without a permanent head since October 2011. According to Ignou sources, the acting VC M Aslam has reversed most of the major initiatives taken during Pillai's term, which includes face-to-face programme, convergence scheme and community college. Aslam, meanwhile, said that all grievances of students will be addressed. \"I met the students in the evening and they have called off their agitation. Further course of action will be decided when the board of management meets,\" he said.The ministry of human resources development too failed to come to a decision on the appointing of the VC and now has referred the matter to the President of India, who is the visitor to all central universities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12957059", "title": "5 areas wait for new BMC chief's attention", "text": "MUMBAI: Potholed roads and corruption in tendering marked the progress of the roads' department last year. Taking that into account, perhaps, the BMC increased its roads budget by 106% this year from Rs 713 crore to Rs 1,466 crore. Under the cement-concrete road programme, 241 km of road with a width of 18 km will be taken up for concretization every year.Khar activist Aftab Siddiqui feels special attention should be given to development and maintenance of roads. \"The system needs to be as transparent as possible and encourage citizens to actively participate in development projects. We should know about all projects taking place, names and contact numbers of contractors so that we can call them as and when required,\" she said.Mihir Pathare, an Andheri resident said numbers of officials in charge should be made public especially during the monsoon. \"There was a system in place two years ago when we could send SMSes about a particular road in a bad condition and the BMC was expected to repair that patch in 24 hours. It should be revived and followed up so that there are no potholes on the road,\" he said.Moreover, departments such as water, sewerage, storm water drains and roads must coordinate with phone, power and other utility companies so that underground utilities are placed before a road is built/repaired to avoid endless rounds of digging and inconvenience to residents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12956972", "title": "Court orders probe against ex-additional chief secretary, 5 others", "text": "JAIPUR: A special court here on Tuesday ordered a probe by the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) against six persons including senior IAS officer Ramlubhaya, a day after his retirement from the post of additional chief secretary. The court has asked the bureau to submit its report by July 2.The special ACB court took cognizance of a complaint filed by one Ashok Pathak who claimed that the CAG had brought out many irregularities in various water projects amounting to crores of rupees. Apart from Ramlubhaya, the probe has been ordered against chief engineer of PHED's special projects cell Agam Mathur, MD of Megha Engineering Krishna Reddy, CMD of MRCL Limited Sudhir Reddy, MD of Nagarjun Construction Company Limited MV Ramgaraju and chairman of MPML India Limited P Sethi.In his complaint, Pathak had claimed that the PHED had invited tenders for carrying out 28 various drinking water projects in Jodhpur, Kota, Ajmer, Jaipur-Bisalpur, Bharatpur and Bikaner.He added that the companies which were awarded the tenders did not carry out work in the stipulated time following which the companies were slapped penalties of Rs 108 crore. It is also alleged that these companies had not spent the full amount on the projects.\"The officers increased the work completion date on the basis of fraudulent arguments even after charging the penalties. These penalties were returned to these companies causing a loss of crores of rupees to the state exchequer,\" Pathak said, quoting the CAG report.He added that in the name of re-planning of these projects, officials waved off penalties and increased the period of completion of the projects till 2012-2013. Six persons named in the complaint had been accused under various sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act and Sections 420, 467, 468, 471, 409 and 120-B of IPC.\"The court recorded my statement and asked the agency to probe the matter. The ACB has been directed to furnish a report by July 2,\" said Pathak. Ramlubhaya had retired from service on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12959124", "title": "Skywalk of no use, lifts yet to start working", "text": "BANGALORE: The city's first skywalk to be equipped with lifts near Cauvery Bhavan on Kempe Gowda Road has turned into a sort of castle in the air . For, the lifts are not working though a weekhaselapsed since its inauguration.Reason: The skywalk witnessed a premature inauguration as the Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike (BBMP) hustled through with the April 25 opening ceremony for mayor R Sharadamma to do the honours on her last day in office. BJP leader in the BBMP council, BR Nanjundappa, admitted that the skywalk was inaugurated only to get Sharadamma do the honours. \"I am not aware whether it is still working or not,\" he added.\"The work is yet to be completed and the lifts have some technical glitches. But we had no choice but to make some temporary arrangements and dress up the skywalk for inauguration. Workers from Pune are expected to reach Bangalore on Wednesday to finish the work,\" a senior official from Rajdeep Buildcon Private Limited, a private company that has built the modern skywalk, revealed.Sharadamma was keen that she be identified with the prestigious project, forcing the BBMP to inaugurate the facility.KG Road is one of the busiest roads in the city and is a nightmare for pedestrians seeking to cross the road. The skywalk which is expected to be a relief for pedestrians, however, has turned out to be a non-starter.The skywalk has been equipped with a lift to enable elders, physically challenged and others use it. BBMP has promised to deploy a operator in the lifts throughout the day to ensure the safety of users. \"The frequent power cuts witnessed by the city will not affect the operation of the lift as there is a backup generator. The lifts will be made operational at the earliest,\" said HS Harish, assistant manager of operations and maintenance.The 20-metre skywalk equipped with lifts put up near Cauvery Bhavan on Kempe Gowda Road has been constructed on DBOOT (Design, Build, Own, Operate and Transfer) basis at a cost of Rs 2.25 crore. The Kempe Gowda skywalk has six CCTV cameras. Security personnel constantly monitor the CCTV footage in two shifts. The lifts are expected to work from 8.30 am to 10.30 pm. The lift has a capacity to carry 1,000 kg or 13 persons at a time. Three more such skywalks are slated to be built on Palace Road (near Atria Hotel), Bellary Road (in front of Indian Air Force Training Centre) and Rajaram Mohan Roy Road (Pallavi theatre).TIMES VIEWThe new skywalk on KG Road is welcome news, though the lifts are not yet working. Crossing KG Road and many other roads in the city is an almost impossible task. With roads getting broader, and oneways the order of the day, the pedestrian is the underdog, risking life and limb to cross a road. Traffic police, mindful of snarls, give the motorist the right of way, but civic authorities should keep the pedestrian's needs in mind, and invest in more subways and skywalks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12958077", "title": "'Bottle boat' draws cheers at science fest", "text": "NASHIK: The three-day science festival that concluded on May 1, saw a huge response by Nashikites from all quarters and a host of scientific creations by students.The science festival organized by Vidnyan Prabodhini was an exhibition of scientific projects by the students of this Sunday science school. For three days beginning from April 29, students exhibited their science models and projects at Limaye Hall at Sarvajanik Vachnalaya. Amongst the different projects, the plastic bottle boat became very popular and it was tested in swimming pools and in the Godavari river.The students took three months to make this boat. The bottles were held together with aluminium and copper frames. \"Four hundred and eighty empty one-litre mineral water bottles were used for making the boat. It can carry around 200kg weight,\" said volunteer Sarang Shah. Most of the projects were based on mechanisms, on weather, civil engineering and chemistry. A voltaic cell that can generate electricity from lemon by copper and zinc plates was displayed.Ice-cream sticks and toothpicks were used to make bridges. The toothpick bridge can bear 30kg weight while the ice-cream bridge can bear around 80-90 kg weight. Scientific puzzles and games were also on display.Fifty displays on scientists from Charaka to Steven Hawking were exhibited, along with some information about them. Sixty students also displayed their science models and projects.This is the second such exhibition by the Sunday science school.Speaking more about the concept of this school, organizer and the brain behind the concept Rupesh Nerkar said, \"The Sunday science school began last year with an aim to provide some practical knowledge to the students, explore their scientific imagination and encourage them in their efforts. The concept is that students spend two hours every Sunday throughout the year and get hands-on experience. The projects that are made by them throughout the year are displayed in an exhibition at the end of the year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-02"}
