{"city": "chennai", "code": "14145570", "title": "Harking back to the good old gramophone records", "text": "CHENNAI: For the last one month, sound engineer Suresh Babu and Sundar G, director of the Roja Muthiah Research Library (RMRL), have been playing with their new 'toy', a state-of-the-art machine that literally turns the tables on old Shellac gramophone records like 78 rpms.IRENE, short for Image Reconstruct Erase Noise Etc is like a high-tech turntable, only it reads the music on a gramophone record without contact. \"We have got several old rpms that are so damaged that when you play them you get nothing but a scratchy noise,\" says Sundar, as he plays one of them in their original format. He is right, you cannot hear anything but scratching. He then plays the same record after IRENE has worked its magic and it is music to the ears. In this case, a song from M K Thyagaraja Bhagavathar's 1937 Tamil movie 'Thiruneelakandar'.\"IRENE uses a high-end camera and captures images of the grooves in sectors and then stitches it into a single file. Basically, the software acts as a virtual needle,\" says Sundar.\"There are only two machines like this in the world,\" he adds, the other one being at the Library of Congress in Washington DC. As the machine is not out in the market yet, there is no manual that explains how to assemble it, he says. \"That is why it took us a month to put it together.\" \"We had to figure it out ourselves,\" he said. IRENE was made at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory in California and was brought to RMRL in collaboration with the University of Chicago. Currently, the library has 4,000 records. \"We are speaking to collectors from all over India to get our hands on more records,\" says Sunder. RMRL, founded in 1994, is one of the research libraries of Tamil publications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14151533", "title": "Ajai enters semifinals of World Jumping Challenge", "text": "BANGALORE: Classy Bangalore rider Ajai Appachu has qualified for the semifinals of FEI World Jumping Challenge after a flawless ride in the second qualifier in Venezuela on Thursday.The Coorg-born Ajai, who recently won the Korean Racing Authority Gold in Korea, continued his fine form in the South American nation to make it to the 13-member semifinals from a pool of 22 riders coming from 16 countries.The semis will take place on Friday with four riders qualifying for the final. Ajai qualified for the mega event by winning the FEI World Jumping Challenge (Group A) in Meerut last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14149622", "title": "The fire within, journey of painter Benode", "text": "\"A man moves with his baggage of shadows; shadows of death , of disease, of insults follow us wherever we go. I was born with a long shadow of uncertainty,\" said Benode Behari Mukherjee, a painter.From early life Benodebehari had to struggle with impaired vision and the threat of losing his eyesight completely. As a child, his education in Kolkata was hampered because of his poor eyesight and he was sent to Santiniketan Brahmacharya Vidyalaya.His passion for the visual arts took him to Kala Bhavana, in Santiniketan. He was surrounded by pristine nature which found a place later in his landscape paintings. His charming studies of Indian plant life demonstrated his closeness to nature and the intensity of the relationship. He tried to capture the rhythm, structure and colours of nature according to his own sensibility. The drawing of a solitary patch of palm trees, in this collection, seems to reflect his personal solitude, his silent personality. The palm trees and the surroundings in the Khoai region of Santiniketan appear in this entire collection might represent his solitude, his loneliness; but these works do not portray silence, rather, they convey a tension of sounds.Binodebehari, a student of Nandalal Bose believes in simplicity. He has worked on different media: tempera, watercolour, oil, wood cut, paper collage, pastel and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14135800", "title": "Monsoon expected to arrive in Uttar Pradesh by June 21", "text": "LUCKNOW: If all goes well, Uttar Pradesh would receive this year's first pre-monsoon showers by June 18-19 and Lucknow by June 19-20. And, the monsoon, which is delayed by a week, may enter the state by June 21-22 and Lucknow by June 22-23.In fact, if Met department is to be believed, the changes in the weather conditions would start from June 18 with the arrival of moisture landen easterly winds preceding monsoon currents. However, till then, heat wave conditions would continue. Maximum temperatures, particularly for next 48 hours, would remain 5-6 degrees above normal. The possibilities of dust and thunder storms are less.On Thursday, the maximum temperature in the city was 45 degrees Celsius, six degrees above normal, the second hottest day after 2005. This temperature was slightly less than 45.4 degrees Celsius recorded on Wednesday.Allahabad continued to be the hottest place in the country for the second consecutive day on Thursday with 46.7 degrees Celsius. Dry hot piercing winds added to the highly uncomfortable heat wave conditions prevailing in the state for last one-and-a-half-month.\"The dry hot weather will continue for next 48 hours in the state,\" said state Met director. In Lucknow, if sky remain clear, there are possibilities of mercury touching 46 degrees Celsius on Friday. However, pre-monsoon are expected in east UP by June 18, he said.However, pre-monsoon showers and arrival of monsoon will depend on formation of favourable weather conditions for advancement. The progress of monsoon has been erratic this year. It arrived four days behind schedule in India on June 4 but lost steam in couple of days. It remained static from June 6 to 12, move a little on June 13 and was stable again on Thursday.However, Met department stated that conditions would become favourable for further advance of monsoon into remaining parts of Tamilnadu, some more parts of interior Maharashtra, interior Karnataka and Bay of Bengal and some parts of Andhra Pradesh during next 3-4 days. It is expected to cover West Bengal , Orissa, Bihar , Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh in next seven days.After Allahabad, Banda was hottest with 46.4 degrees Celsius on Thursday followed by Varanasi with 46 degrees Celsius, Ghazipur - 45.7 degrees Celsius, Sultanpur and Rae Bareli 45.4 degrees Celsius each, Bahriach and Hamirpur 45.2 degrees Celsius each, Kanpur and Lucknow 45 degrees Celsius each and Lakhimpur Kheri 44.6 degrees Celsius. Agra recorded 44.3 degrees Celsius, Bareilly 43.6 degrees Celsius and Muzaffarnagar 44.5 degrees Celsius. Temperatures at most places were 5-7 degrees above normal.Severe heat wave conditions would prevail over some parts of east UP and heat wave conditions at isolated places of west UP. In Met terminology, heat wave means maximum temperature five degrees or more above normal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14147330", "title": "Will a successful Gayle comeback fetch him the captaincy too?", "text": "BANGALORE: When Chris Gayle talked to TOI in early May, his differences with the West Indies Cricket Board had just about been resolved.\"I am not into too much detail but yes I have spoken to the selectors there and they asked about my availability after the IPL and I explained that I am available for all forms of the game,\" a relaxed Gayle had said then in Bangalore.Post that conversation the big man had talks with a committee in the Caribbean that strangely included more heads of state than cricket administrators and soon after that he was called up for the ODI series against England that is all set to begin.There was one man in the West Indies set up though, who had time and again made it clear that he wasn't spending each day wondering when the Windies' star batsman would come back. And since that man happened to be the team coach, things never looked too rosy for Gayle and there always was an air of uncertainty around. After all, the coach has to get along with everyone.On Thursday all that changed. \"Gayle is a world class player and will strengthen us. He is his normal self and the team has always integrated guys very well. That has not changed. He has fitted in well and is raring to go,\" were the words attributed to Gibson, who didn't stop there.\"Gayle is the best one-day batsman in the world and most destructive so my money will always be on him when it comes to hitting the biggest sixes,\" he added while dwelling on the big hitters in the game.With the welcome being warm and all, perhaps the big Jamaican can also start thinking of the West Indies captaincy too again.\"That is not in my plan,\" he had said that day in Bangalore when asked if he would like to lead the side he once did with relish. \"I would love to get back to the team and whoever is the captain of the team, give him respect and full support to the team,\" was all he would add on the topic.A half-decent comeback series, topped with Gibson and Gayle making up fully and the scene may well change.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14141395", "title": "Builder murder accused is history-sheeter", "text": "MUMBAI: Gopal Pandey, the prime accused in the abduction and killing of Borivli-based builder Nitin Dhakan, was involved in another kidnapping case, also in Borivli, in the past. Pandey was arrested on Wednesday along with five of his associates. According to the police, Pandey owns a string of properties across the city. In the past, he has been booked by the Manikpur police in Vasai, along with an aide, Brijesh Mishra, in a dacoity case. Pandey has also faced assault charges in the past.The crime branch is yet to recover Dhakan's silver Innova car (MH02 BT 0214) that was stolen by Pandey. \"He had instructed his aide, Haroon Shaikh, to park the car at Ghodbunder Road on April 26. Later, they sold it off,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14149247", "title": "Diesel engine exhaust can cause cancer: WHO", "text": "PUNE: The International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), a wing of the World Health Organization (WHO), has said that diesel engine exhaust can certainly cause cancer, especially lung cancer in humans.Responding to this comment from WHO , a statement issued by Centre for Science and Environment (CSE) has asked whether India was prepared to respond to the public health risk of diesel .This finding comes at a time when India has failed to adopt a clean diesel road map, prevent use of under-taxed and under-priced toxic diesel in cars, and reduce its overall consumption in all sectors, says the CSE statement.Anumita Roychowdhury, head of CSE's air pollution control unit said \"India must note that this decision has come from a rigorous review of the latest scientific evidence on the cancer-causing potential of diesel and petrol exhausts. Evidence on diesel's toxicity has been mounting over the past 20 years, which has already compelled stringent regulatory action on diesel quality and emissions standards in other regions of the world.\"IARC has reclassified diesel exhaust and removed it from Group 2A list of probable carcinogens to its Group 1 list of substances that have definite links to cancer - thus changing its status to 'carcinogen'. Diesel exhaust is now in the same class of deadly carcinogens as asbestos, arsenic or tobacco among others. In its release, IARC-WHO has said that their decision is unanimous and is based on compelling scientific evidence,'' says CSE.The most clinching evidence has come from one of the largest American studies in March this year by the US National Cancer Institute. This study has analysed 12,300 miners for several decades starting 1947 and found that miners heavily exposed to diesel exhaust had a higher risk of dying from lung cancer. The IARC-WHO has urged worldwide efforts to reduce exposure to diesel fumes as much as possible. This is certainly a wake-up call to India which is in the grip of rapid dieselization,'' says Roychowdhury.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14152102", "title": "Parishat opposes English teaching", "text": "BANGALORE: President of the Kannada Sahitya Parishat (KSP), the prestigeous representative body of the Kannadigas in Karnataka, Pundaleeka Halambi has urged the Karnataka government to drop the proposal to introduce English as a medium of instruction from class 6 on an experimental basis in 341 schools across the state.We are not anti-English. But, mother tongue is essential for the over-all development of a child. Kannada is inevitable for a child in gaining knowledge,'' Halambi said at a programme in Bangalore.He said the government should re-think on the proposal. However, chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda and primary and secondary education minister Visvesvara Hegde Kageri have re-iterated that the government was serious about introducing English as a medium of instruction from Class 6 in state schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "14150554", "title": "Septuagenarian battles cancer five times over", "text": "CUTTACK: Kailash Chandra Mohanty's life is nothing short of a miracle. He has battled cancer five times over 19 years and has emerged a winner every time. He is not only an inspiration for cancer patients but has proved what grit and determination can do.Seventy-one-year-old Kailash, a retired executive engineer, was diagnosed with colon cancer in 1993. The cancer was in stage 3 B (an aggressive form). Doctors had given up all hopes of his recovery but he fought it off with courage. But his happiness was short-lived. A decade late in 2003, he was diagnosed with blood cancer, in 2007 with stomach cancer, in 2008 with small intestine cancer and in 2009 with lymph node cancer. But every time, he managed to fight the cancer off.Narrating the story of his triumph over the dreaded disease, Mohanty said, \"I still remember the day when I was diagnosed with colon cancer. I realized that I had lots of responsibilities towards my family. My two daughters were unmarried and I was staying in a rented house. I was determined to win the battle against cancer for my family\".He underwent surgery at Apollo Hospital in Hyderabad for colon cancer and thereafter many chemotherapy sessions. After recovering, he married off his daughters and also constructed a house in Bhubaneswar.But Mohanty was quite upset when he was diagnosed with cancer for the second time. \"I was very upset on being diagnosed with a different type of cancer. But that's life . I stopped thinking about the disease and concentrated more on the treatment. It is very important to take it in your stride. Fighting cancer is not difficult if you have the will to do so,\" said Mohanty, with an infectious smile.Kailash is cured of four types of cancer and is now taking medicines only for blood cancer. He is leading a good life but continues to remain on a strict diet. He tells that support from his wife Shailabala has given him immense strength to fight the disease. \"We both have immense faith in God. With the blessings of the almighty, my husband has managed to defeat the dreaded disease five times. I am proud of him,\" said Shailabala.Doctors said Mohanty's experience has given hope to many cancer patients. \"Mr Mohanty's survival for the past 19 years clearly indicates that cancer is not the end of life. Sense of hopelessness remains a major hurdle in the treatment of cancer patients. But Mohanty is a living example that with sheer determination and strong will power one can easily overcome cancer,\" said Dr Krupasindhu Panda, leading oncologist of the city, who treated Mohanty. \"We share Mohanty's experience with other patients and encourage them to fight the disease,\" said Dr Sanjay Panda, another onlcologist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14149736", "title": "Woman, 3 kids murdered; Cops on the look out for husband", "text": "MANGALORE: The decomposed bodies of a woman and three children were found at Kakkuru Mane in Bettampady village in Puttur taluk, about 80 km from here.The deceased have been identified as Sandhya, 40, a school teacher and her children Vedhya, 18, Harigovind,16, and Vinuta, 12. Police are on the look out for her husband Venkataramana Bhat, 50, who is absconding.Police suspect that the incident took place on June 11 night. It came to light on Thursday when a Mescom lineman went to the house to read the meter. He went inside after smelling something foul. The house is located in a remote area. There were multiple stab wounds all over the bodies, police said.Police added that they did not have any clue about the motive behind the murders. \"We suspect Bhat's hand in this since he is absconding. However, unless we trace him it is too premature to reach a conclusion,'' a police official said.On June 4, a theft was reported from Bhat's house. Police now suspect that he might have registered a false complaint after committing the crime. The versions of Bhat and other family members were not matching, police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14151652", "title": "Who will be next FM? Pranab says PM will decide", "text": "NEW DELHI: Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee thanked Congress president Sonia Gandhi for nominating him as the UPA candidate for the presidential election and said he has accepted the offer with humility.\"I am deeply hounoured on my nomination as the candidate for the election to the office of President of India by my party and UPA-2. I am grateful to Congress President Sonia Gandhi for this recognition. I accept this offer with all humility,\" he told reporters at his office here.Mukherjee said, \"In my long political career spanning over five decades, I have been fortunate to receive love, affection and confidence of my party colleagues and also the members and leaders of all political parties. I am deeply indebted to them. I will now again seek their indulgence and support for the next few weeks.\"\"We have requested all political parties to lend their support,\" he added.On who will replace him as the finance minister, Mukherjee said, \"It is up to the Prime Minister to decide who will be the next finance minister ... the Congress president and the Prime Minister will decide.\"I do not think I am depository of all knowledge and expertise. In our government and in our party there are a number of people who can handle difficult economic situation. The Prime Minister himself is an eminent economist and under his stewardship we will overcome this temporary crisis.\"Earlier in the day, Gandhi announced Mukherjee as the UPA candidate for the presidential election at a meeting of the coalition partners. Mamata Banerjee of Trinamool Congress , however, skipped the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14149000", "title": "BJP poised to win Maheshwar bypoll in MP", "text": "BHOPAL: Bharatiya Janata Party candidate Raj Kumar Mev is all set wrest the Maheshwar (SC) constituency in Madhya Pradesh by an impressive margin as the counting entered its crucial and final phase.At the end of the twelfth round of counting, Mev was leading by a margin of more than 25,000 votes. Two more rounds of counting were left.Right from the first round, Mev maintained his lead over nearest Congress rival Devendra Sadho and consolidated it further as counting progressed in the constituency, which had always been considered as a traditional stronghold of Congress. Since independence, Congress had retained Maheshwar seat in nine out of 13 elections held in the past.\"We are poised for an impressive victory in Maheshwar. It's a writing on the wall for the Congress what is due for them in the next year's assembly elections\", state BJP media cell in charge Dr Hitesh Bajpai told TOI.By election to Maheshwar (SC) constituency was necessitated following the resignation of Dr Vijay Laxmi Sadho, a former Congress minister, on her election to the Rajya Sabha in 2010. However, elections could not be held so far as an election petition was pending before the court.Dr Vijaylaxmi's father Sitaram Sadho had represented the constituency for several years. Later, she got elected from there. Even at the time of distribution of ticket, her brother Devendra Sadho and a sisterlobbied for party ticket but the party preferred to nominate Devendra Sadho to contest the byelection.After the campaigning in Maheshwar, Congress leaders themselves were not confident of a win. When asked about the possible outcome of the by-election, AICC general secretary Digvijay Singh quoted \"Gita Saar\", saying \"Karam kiye ja, phal ki chinta mat kar\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14137790", "title": "CBI chief exits from Jharkhand probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: CBI director A P Singh has recused himself from supervision of investigations into the allegations of horse trading during Rajya Sabha elections in Jharkhand as he is from the state cadre and also served as OSD to a former CM Arjun Munda. Singh has asked his deputy special director Saleem Ali to supervise the investigation as part of \"internal arrangement\", CBI sources said. When asked whether home ministry or government has been intimated about the change, CBI sources replied in the negative saying it was just an internal arrangement and there was no requirement to inform anyone.CBI sources said this has been an informal practise that officers who belong to a particular state are not given charge of probe related to those states but it is not a hard rule as Aarushi murder was probed by UP cadre officers during the time of the Director who was also from the same cadre.They said the role of CBI Director is supervisory which does not deal with day-to-day investigation but seeing the political implications of the case and also that he had been the OSD to Munda, he has decided to recuse himself.The poll for the Rajya Sabha scheduled on March 30 was countermanded following the allegations of horse trading and fresh elections were held on May 3 to fill up the two vacancies.\"This case was registered by CBI on a reference from the Election Commission of India with the directions of Hon'ble Jharkhand HC relating to an alleged malpractice in RS elections during March, 2012 in the State of Jharkhand\", the CBI spokesperson had said. The CBI took up the probe in this case which was earlier registered under the state police at Namkum Police station. According to the FIR, the vehicle carrying cash allegedly belonged to a close relative of one of the two independent candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14146885", "title": "Shubh Vivah\u2019s shoot halts due to non-payment", "text": "UTV Productions, 'Shubh Vivah' on Sony TV seems to be surrounded by controversies one after the other.From roping in popular faces like Eijaz Khan, Aashka Goradia, Rakesh Bedi to introducing a concept like extra marital on the show, ' Shubh Vivah' has done it all. But all these attempts failed to impress the viewers and the show will finally see the day on 29 June.Now the latest news is that the shooting of 'Shubh Vivah' has been brought to a halt. Sources inform that non -payment of dues to the cast and crew members is the reason behind the halt. Sources further inform that the shooting has been stopped today as the cast and crew are asking for their payments. As a result of which the cast and crew have decided to stop the shooting due to the delay in payment by Production house.It is reported that the cast and crew have not been paid since March 2012. Discussions are on and both the parties will soon reach a conclusion. When contacted, Neha Janpandit (Saroj) said, \"We started shooting late today as per our schedule but there was no problem from the actors side. However, I can't comment on Technicians and other crew members.\" We also spoke to Rakesh Bedi, who said, \"Yes, there is some payment issues and we are talking with the production house but the shooting has not been stopped.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14144921", "title": "Court disposes plea seeking report on further probe", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A statement by the Supreme Court-appointed special investigation team (SIT) has once again put an end to demand by witnesses for placing more evidence in the Naroda Patia case of post-Godhra riots.An application was filed last month by eyewitnesses and convener of Jan Sangharsh Manch Amrish Patel seeking direction to the SIT to submit final report as per section 173(2) of CrPC on basis of earlier applications for further investigation filed before the SIT and special court since 2009. In response to this, the SIT made a statement that it would submit a report as per the Supreme Court's directions.The SIT, however, did not specify the time when it would be placing its final report on the further investigation conducted in this case, said petitioner's counsel S H Iyer.On the basis of this statement, designated judge Jyotsnaben Yagnik disposed of the application saying that the issue was replied by the probe agency and that there was no need to keep the plea pending.The court has completed trial against 61 persons including former minister Maya Kodnani and Bajrang Dal leader Babu Bajrangi on charges of killing 97 Muslims at the industrial locality on February 28, 2002. The court has kept its verdict in this case pending.Earlier, it was requested by these applicants that further probe was required to be conducted with regard to larger conspiracy, connivance or criminal negligence by cops in incidents that resulted in deaths and destruction and analysis of call details contained in the CD produced by senior IPS officer Rahul Sharma . When the issue came before the court last year, the court rejected the plea on SIT's claim that further investigation was already underway as per the Supreme Court's directions.However, the petitioners filed another application last month arguing that the SIT had not filed any report in connection with earlier applications for the last two years, though the court had specifically asked it to submit or forward the report to the court that has taken cognizance of the Naroda Patia case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14141291", "title": "Judges to watch Maval recording", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Thursday said it would watch video recording of the Maval firing incident to decide if the then superintendent, Sandip Karnik, who ordered cops to open fire, can be prosecuted.Three farmers died in the incident and several persons were injured on August 9, 2011. A division bench of Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice Mridula Bhatkar was hearing a PIL filed by activist I G Khandelwal and former freedom fighter Balasaheb Jhambulkar. Farmers had gathered on the Pune Expressway to protest against a proposed pipeline which would divert water from Pavna dam to the Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation. Petitioners urged the court to direct an FIR to be filed against Karnik, who is also the son-in-law of former director general of police Ajit Parasnis.State's advocate Ashutosh Kumbhakoni said that CDs of the police recording of the incident may not be provided to the petitioners, who can only be allowed to view it. The judges said they would like to view the CDs. To this, Jhambulkar's advocate Anil Anturkar that the judges may not be required to do so and could rely on clips of the footage.\"It is not for the court to decide if someone is guilty or not which can be done by the trial court,\" said Anturkar. But the judges insisted that they would like to watch the CDs to \"decide if Sandip Karnik has to be prosecuted\". They said Khandelwal should also be allowed to watch it.Khandelwal told the court that the police has filed a C summary report for closure of probe in the Vadgaon-Maval magistrate court stating that was no evidence against eight policemen against whom and FIR was lodged. Khandelwal urged to be allowed to amend his plea in view of the development and challenge the closure report. The matter is adjourned to June 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14150697", "title": "Symbiosis International University recognized to conduct ATLS course", "text": "PUNE: Symbiosis Institute of Health Sciences (SIHS), a constituent of Symbiosis International University (SIU), has been recognised as an approved Advanced Trauma Life Support (ATLS) site to conduct ATLS Course of International Trauma Life Support (ITLS) Organisation, USA. The programme provides systemic and concise training for the early care of trauma patients.\"The course provides a scaffold for evaluation, treatment and training to doctors in the management of trauma victims. It is a measurable, reproducible, and comprehensive system of evaluating trauma care services,\" said Rajeev Yeravdekar, director, SIHS.India has an accident every minute, a death every 10 minutes. World Bank predicts that South Asia will see a 144% increase in road deaths by 2020.\"Death rate can be reduced by 30% if better medical aid is provided in the first hour after accident,\" Yeravdekar said.Elaborating, Yeravdekar said. \"As the formal training of advanced trauma care is not incorporated in current curriculum of medical schools, obviously there is a need to address the issue. With brand equity in academia, availability of campuses all over India and an internationally qualified faculty pool, SIU can meet these national needs and will go a long way in imparting high quality education covering efficient management of trauma patients.\"Earlier, SIHS also got the recognition as an International Training Center (ITC) of American Heart Association (AHA), USA and a chapter of International Trauma Life Support (ITLS) Organisation, USA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "14152298", "title": "Operation Bluestar memorial to have round the clock Gurbani recitation", "text": "AMRITSAR: Putting rest to the controversies embroiling memorial to Operation Bluestar, chief of Sant Samaj and Damdami Taksal Harnam Singh Khalsa clarified on Friday that the under construction Gurdwara Sahib (memorial) will be according to rich Sikh values and traditions .While talking to media persons Baba Harnam Singh Khalsa said the memorial would have Parkash of Sri Guru Granth Sahib and round the clock gurbani would be recited to inspire coming generations at this historical place. Baba Harnam Singh extended invitation to all political parties and communities of Punjab to come forward and contribute in the ongoing karsewa of memorial.\"No one should have any apprehensions about the memorial\" he said. Without naming any party or person he said \"few political parties and individuals are spewing venom with respect to memorial which is unfortunate \". He said Taksal had always been on forefront of propagating rich Sikh values among masses. In past a few political leaders and parties had been apprehending revival of terrorism in Punjab if it was allowed to be constructed in Golden Temple complex. \" People are making baseless allegations for their vested interests only \" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14140433", "title": "Dawood\u2019s younger brother \u2018surrenders\u2019 in Dubai", "text": "MUMBAI: Is underworld don Dawood Ibrahim's kin gradually wanting to return to India? Police circles were abuzz that Dawood's younger brother Mustaqium Ibrahim Kaskar had surrendered in UAE.Sources said his second last brother surrendered before the Dubai authorities, as he wanted to return to India.Though senior police officials did not confirm this, Dawood family lawyer Rajesh Srivastav said, \"I have been told that Mustaqium may come to India as he does not have any criminal case against him. He is after all Indian; he has all rights to stay in India.\"The sources said it could be part of Dawood's gameplan to gradually send his kin one by one to India as there was pressure on Pakistan from the US after he was declared a global terrorist in 2009. The Dawood family also has huge benami properties in Mumbai.In 2005, Dawood's brother Iqbal had surrendered in UAE and was then deported. He was booked under MCOCA in the Sara-Sahara shopping complex scam, but was later acquitted.Even if Dawood returns, it will be difficult for the Mumbai police to nail him as most cases are very old, the case papers have been lost and witnesses are either missing or dead. He had suffered a heart attack two years back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14144395", "title": "Trouble breaks out at counting centre", "text": "BANGALORE: Pandemonium broke out in the centre where votes for the legislative council poll from Bangalore Graduates' constituency were being counted. On noticing that Ramachandra Gowda (BJP) led by just one vote, JD(S) nominee A Deve Gowda's supporters sought recounting of the first-preference votes before the second-preference votes were tallied. The returning officer conceded their demand after the BJP agreed.The contest in South-West teachers' constituency had narrowed down to three candidates with BJP candidate and sitting MLC Ganesh Karnik leading with 3,583 votes against the requisite quota of 4,558 votes. Other two candidates in contention are independent Manjunath Kumar (3,262 votes) and CM Panchaksharaiah of JD(S) who polled 1,111.Council chairman and BJP candidate from South-West graduates' constituency, D H Shankara Murthy, was leading after two rounds of counting. He polled 11,546 votes. Congress candidate S P Dinesh got 9,021 votes, while the JD(S) candidate has polled 6,817 votes.In the North-East graduates' constituency, Amarnath Patil of the BJP was leading by 4,000 votes against Shivananda S Bhimalli of the Congress. Meanwhile, sitting member Y A Narayanaswamy of the BJP was leading in the South-East Teachers' Constituency.The trends show the Congress-JD(S) game plan to harp on the anti-incumbency factor has gone awry. It also proved that the clout of the ruling party candidates in the education sector is intact.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14136558", "title": "Rs 800 crore riding on presidential poll, punters back Pranab Mukherjee", "text": "NEW DELHI: With cricket off the board, bookies seem to have latched on to politics. Given the uncertainty over the July 19 presidential polls, Mumbai punters are betting big on who will be the new occupant of the Rashtrapati Bhawan.Finance minister is the punters' choice to be the next president as Rs 800 crore is riding on the unfolding high-voltage political drama. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is a distant second in the punters' list, while Vice-president Hamid Ansari and ex-Speaker Somnath Chatterjee are virtually out of the race.A Mumbai bookie said, \"There has been no cricket for some time now and there is nothing much interesting happening either in the country. This presidential election has been the most uncertain and has created much excitement among people. So we have opened bets on it. We have been watching all political developments carefully and believe it will be the congress that will come up trumps in the end. Pranab will be president.\"Sources said the betting has gathered fierce momentum ever since Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and TMC president Mamata Banerjee came up with their list of three candidates, adding to the Congress's original choice of two.However, even as Mulayam and Mamata have flexed political muscles naming candidates such as former president A P J Abdul Kalam , PM Singh and Chatterjee, punters feel that the odds are stacked in favour of the Congress.They are betting on Mukherjee to win the election, offering 60 paisa for every rupee wagered on him. However, Congress's second candidate, Vice-president Hamid Ansari, is lagging way behind as punters offering Rs 12 for every rupee on him. So if Ansari does make it to Raisina Hill, the risk-takers will make a killing.Despite Mamata's outburst and hardening of stance on her candidates and NDA showing signs of going with her on Kalam, punters don't seem to be too excited. A Kalam backer will earn Rs 8 for every rupee on the missile man.In fact, PM Singh seems to be doing better than Kalam, with every rupee fetching Rs 6.5 if he wins. With little support across parties likely for Chatterjee, he is obviously not even in the reckoning. Punters are offering a good Rs 18 for every rupee bet on him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14150951", "title": "SFI activists clash with cops during protest march", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A protest march took out by the SFI to the venue of an event to be inaugurated by chief minister Oommen Chandy turned violent, resulting in a police lathicharge. The standoff between the students and the police took place around 3pm in front of the VJT Hall, where the chief minister was inaugurating the coastal area development programme of the state government.The SFI activists had taken out the march in protest against the alleged lack of interest of the state government in bringing out the real culprits behind the murder of SFI Idukki district secretary Aneesh Rajan. The march was led by SFI state secretary P Biju.The SFI has been taking out back-to-back demonstrations in the city for the last three days raising the same slogan. On Thursday morning too, they had taken out a march to the secretariat. Hence, a large company of police was deployed in the area. But the barricades formed by the riot control team of the police were not enough to stop the the SFI activists. It seemed that they were determined to make up for the cold show they put up on Wednesday's protest march.The students blocked the entrance of VJT Hall in order to prevent the CM from entering the premise. When the police tried to remove them, the students replied with pelting stones and brandishing flag poles at the police, following which the latter resorted to lathicharge.The struggle continued for about 45 minutes. While the police managed to nab some of the agitators, the rest took shelter inside the University College campus across the road and continued to pelt stones at the police. The police, in return, used stun-grenades and tear gas to chase away the students.The police have arrested 36 SFI activists in connection with the incident. As many as 11 activists, including leaders P Biju, A Rahim and Balamurali have been admitted to the Medical College Hospital with injuries. Six policemen, including Cantonment assistant commissioner G Haridas and circle inspector M S Santhosh, too suffered injuries. The injuries of two policemen are serious. Two media persons also got injured in the melee.Following the agitation, the CPM MLAs too took out a protest march from MLA Hostel to University College. The chief minister arrived after the police brought the situation under control and inaugurated the programme as scheduled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14151069", "title": "Municipal corporation roots for upgrading fire brigade wing", "text": "LUDHIANA: After repeatedly failing to handle fire breakouts in the city, the municipal corporation (MC) has woken up to the need of upgrading the fire department in Ludhiana and sent a proposal to the state government seeking permission to improve the department. The fire that broke out in Lalton Kalan feeder on May 25, plunging many parts of the city in darkness, served as a wake up call for MC. Fire fighters had struggled to control the blaze without hydraulic ladders and foam fire extinguishers, other than the usual water extinguishers.Sources said a proposal was prepared last week and forwarded to Punjab government in which civic authorities asked for upgrading the department. Under its disaster management plan, the state government was earlier supposed to provide cranes, hydraulic ladders, tents, petrol and diesel generator sets and floodlights to the fire brigade but nothing has come of it for over a year. A central government grant of Rs 17crore for the purpose also lapsed in March 2010.The MC's plan to purchase 15 tenders has also been pending since December 2010 even though members of the finance and contracts committee (F&CC;) allocated a fund of Rs 1.47crore for it. Joint commissioner and head of fire brigade A S Sekhon said, \"We are very concerned about the safety of residents therefore we have forwarded a proposal to the state government. After getting approval we will definitely do the needful.\"Residents feel the authorities should make quick moves to ensure the city is safe. Businessman Harpal Singh of Model Town said, \"Fire brigade is one among the vital departments needed to avert tragedies. The authorities should consider it serious.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14144343", "title": "Bronze medallist Anju Bobby George in race against time", "text": "BANGALORE: Former world championship bronze medallist long jumper Anju Bobby George is racing against time to qualify for the London Olympics with the deadline of July 8 fast approaching.According to Anju's husband and coach Bobby George, the star athlete is now looking at the inter-state athletics, beginning in Hyderabad next weekend, to leap back into focus. \"The National inter-state meet is our next chance. After that we are also looking to get entries in 2-3 competitions in Europe to try and qualify for the Olympics,\" Bobby told TOI here.The Dronacharya award winning coach said despite the lack of competition Anju had shown encouraging signs in training and regained competition fitness. \"If you go by the readings which I saw during training then she is fit enough to record a jump in the 6.70m range. But it all depends on how well she can convert that strength into her jumps,\" Bobby said.\"The training was going on smoothly and we were all set to return to action but then we got stuck,\" said Anju, who turned 35 in April.Bobby's plans to help Anju return to competition in May-June went haywire due to personal problems and some new niggles. \"There are some things which are beyond your control. She was on course to returning to action in May but then my dad fell seriously ill and we lost almost a month. Our preparations were also hit when she felt some pain in the ankle,\" Bobby said.The Olympics 'B' mark in women's long jump is 6.65m while the 'A' mark is pegged at 6.75m. Mayookha Johny, who has already qualified for the London Games in the triple jump, came close to the B mark last week when she leaped to 6.60m at a meet in Germany.Anju, once world No.4, last competed at the Beijing Olympics where she crashed out in the first round. Later, she went on a sabbatical and missed the Commonwealth Games as she gave birth to her son. Her career- best effort is 6.83m recorded at the Athens Olympics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14143592", "title": "No clean chit for Simrin Sud in murder cases: Police", "text": "The Crime Branch has not given a clean chit to model Simrin Sud in the two murder cases of Delhi businessman Arun Kumar Tikku and Karan Kakkad.She also has cases of cheating and forgery against her along with her boyfriend Vijay Palande and other accused in the two murders.In the first case, businessman Tikku was found murdered on April 7 this year at his Samarth Aangan house in Oshiwara.Tikku's son Anuj, a small-time actor, and had convinced him to take Dhananjay Shinde and Manoj Gajkosh -the two others accused in the case - as paying guests in the apartment.Police believed that Palande ordered Shinde and Gakkosh to kill Tikku to take control of the flat in Oshiwara. It was later found that Palande also planned to kill Anuj, to take over Tikku's properties worth Rs 50 crores. He had even drugged Anuj to make him write and sign a suicide note.In the other case, aspiring producer Kakkad had shifted to Mumbai from Delhi around a year ago. He rented an apartment at Oberoi Spring Tower in Andheri (W), where he met Sud, who resided in a neighbouring flat. The Amboli police say Palande used Simran and forged a friendship with Kakkad.On March 3 this year, hours before he disappeared, Kakkad had called his brother Hanish in Delhi, saying he was going to meet a prominent politician, who had promised financial help for his movie project. After trying to contact him for six days, Hanish and his mother Rita arrived in Mumbai, and submitted a complaint at Amboli Police Station regarding Kakkad's disappearance. Police said Palande later confessed to killing Kakkad.Himanshu Roy, joint commissioner of police (Crime) said that they have not given a clean chit to Simrin Sud. \"We have not come to the conclusion that she is not involved in the murders and she has been booked in both the murder cases,\" he said.According to the police, there is no direct evidence that Sud killed them, but it was she who introduced Kakkad and Tikku to Palande. She was in the forefront to get in touch with people targeted by Palande.Police say she was also called for questioning after Kakkad went missing. They say she communicated with Kakkad every day, but did not complain when he went missing. There is a lot of circumstantial evidence against her in the murder cases, say police.They say if at all they have to give her a clean chit, it will only be done when they file a charge sheet within 90 days of her arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14139485", "title": "Mumbai youngsters shun sun, laid low by lack of Vitamin D", "text": "MUMBAI: Efforts to shield children from the harsh gaze of the tropical sun are actually putting them more at risk, with increasing incidence of Vitamin D deficiency. A recent study found kids and young adults in Mumbai had alarmingly low levels of the vitamin responsible for strengthening bones , and preventing diabetes , cancer and cardiac problems.An overwhelming 64.4% of those tested had abysmally low levels of Vitamin D, with less than 20 nanogram/ml. About 26.6% had insufficient levels (20-40 ng/ml). Only 9% had sufficient levels (more than 40 ng/ml) required for normal growth and development. The analysis was done by P D Hinduja Hospital at Mahim, which studied the Vitamin D levels of 1,384 children and young adults who got their vitamin levels tested in the hospital between March 2011 and April this year.Dr Vipla Puri, consultant (radioimmunoassay), department of lab-medicine, said the data revealed that with advancing years the percentage of children with Vitamin D deficiency increased in a linear manner with concomitant decline in children with sufficient levels. For instance, while 42.2% of children less than a year old had very low levels of Vitamin D, the percentage went up to 52 in kids aged 1-5 and to 69% in those younger than 15. The deficiency was highest at 71% in those aged 16-20 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "director", "code": "14145663", "title": "Ferrari Ki Sawari: Movie Review", "text": "Director: Rajesh Mapuskar Cast: Sharman Joshi, Boman Irani, Ritvik SahoreFerrari Ki Sawari is a simple rise-of-the-underdog story of a talented boy who dreams of making it big in the world of cricket. What makes the narrative interesting is its less-taken route (through a Ferrari) and the ensuing eventful journey. The slick sports car gives that additional momentum to the movie thereby ensuring a roller-coaster ride.Kayo (Ritvik Sahore) is just a school kid but plays cricket like a professional. Destiny gives him a chance to make it to the Lords Stadium in London for which he would need hefty coaching fees. His father Rustom (Sharman Joshi), an RTO head clerk, who leads a hand-to-mouth living, fails to get any loan.Meanwhile a local corporator's son wishes for a Ferrari in his wedding for which he is willing to pay any amount. In a chance encounter, Rustom manages to get his hands on Sachin Tendulkar's Ferrari which gets him the money. Trouble starts when the upright Rustom decides to give back the Ferrari.Cricket is the most common sport, Ferrari is the most uncommon car and together they make for a lethal combo in debutante Rajesh Mapuskar's film. The sport is something that everyone can relate to and the sports car is something that every other person dreams of. At a broader level, the Ferrari also stands as a metaphor for that larger-than-life aspiration of any individual that might seem unachievable at the outset but isn't entirely impossible.Humour and drama go hand-in-hand in the film and the diverse genres never overshadow each other at any point. Such is the beauty of the screenplay penned by Rajesh Mapuskar and Vidhu Vinod Chopra that it makes you laugh in one scene and gets a lump in your throat in the very next. Rajkumar Hirani keeps the dialogues simple and lifelike and the lines leave an impact without the need of any dramatic punch. The minimalism with which Hirani sketches the story makes you easily identify with the protagonist's dilemma. Despite the random and rampant ride that the Ferrari sets on, the narrative at no point complicates itself and steers away from any slapstick tendencies.Boman Irani, as the grandpa, who's had a bitter past with the game of cricket and doesn't approve of the sport anymore, makes for a conventional character. But the subtle scene where he faces his opponent from heydays (Paresh Rawal) who now heads the cricket board makes for a poignant moment. On the contrary, the Marathi corporator and his son, who contribute towards the comic track, lose their uniqueness after a while. The son's fascination for Ferrari, the father's quest for samuhik vivah and their mutual discord do not pass muster and, more or less, remain peripheral to the central plot.The narrative largely has a very pragmatic approach so it is somewhat surprising that the film opts for a very convenient end. Also Sharman Joshi's melodramatic outburst in the pre-climax doesn't gel with the screenplay's otherwise out-of-box thinking. Most importantly, after having a symbolic representation of Sachin Tendulkar throughout the film, it seemed quite unnecessary to get his body double in the last frame. However, what makes up for these minor inconsistencies is the fact that the film has a heart of its own and is able to strike a chord with the average audience.Rajesh Mapuskar does succeed in extracting decent performances from the entire cast. Sharman Joshi, as an uncertain and shy guy with a constant smirk on his face that tries to hide his inner sorrows, skillfully underplays his part. Occasionally he seems too passive but is still likeable. Boman Irani, as the unkempt grandpa, is dependable as always. From his conflicts to eccentricities, this actor can give lessons on how to remain in character. Ritvik Sahore is neither sugary-sweet nor cacophonously cranky like most child actors and comes up with an endearing act. Aakash Dabhade and Deepak Shirke as the duo in search of the missing Ferrari are hilarious. Seema Bhargav and Satyadeep Mishra are competent. Paresh Rawal is impressive in his two-scene cameo.Ironically, this is a Ferrari that will zoom straight into your heart for its modesty. A beautiful watch!Verdict: Good", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14149277", "title": "Samim Rizvi makes fine progress in RAAM", "text": "BANGALORE: Bangalore-based Indian cyclist Samim Rizvi cycled from Brawley in California up to Blythe in the same state before stopping at Parker, Arizona at 9.30pm on Thursday in the gruelling Race Across America, the 4800km transcontinental, ultra-marathon bicycle race across the United States of America .The 40-year-old Samim, a perfume scientist by profession and a martial arts and fitness trainer, has covered a total of 286.6 miles (461.2 km) in one day and 46 minutes of intense cycling at an average speed of 11.56 miles per hour (19.7 km per hour).Samim is the only Indian and third Asian to ever qualify for RAAM. In 2011, Samim finished the event in 12 days and 40 minutes while competing with 20 other cyclists.RAAM is one among the toughest bicycle races in the world and is considered as tough a race as the Tour de France because of its extreme demands on an athlete's physical and mental conditioning. Over the years, even the strongest of the racers around the world have failed to qualify to participate in the solo division of the race.RAAM began in 1982 as the Great American Bike Race and the race direction has always been from the West Coast to the East Coast of the United States covering approximately 3,000 miles with 170,000 feet of climbing, traversing plains and rugged mountain ranges, cold country-sides, beautiful river territories and the long endless rolling hills of Kansas and West Virginia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "14150895", "title": "Organisations come forward to beautify islands", "text": "AURANGABAD: As many as 30 individuals and organizations have come forward to adopt and maintain traffic islands in the city. The district collector Kunal Kumar, who is also handling the charge of Aurangabad Municipal Commissioner, had convened a meeting in this regard recently. The meeting was attended by representatives of the city's business houses, industrialists, educational institutions, charitable trusts.Kumar underlined the need for community participation in the development and beautification of at least 50 traffic islands and road dividers on main thoroughfares. He said this would help convey good message across the world through the visiting tourists that 'city is green and clean.' Thousands of tourists from across the world visit Aurangabad on their way to the world heritage monuments, Ajanta and Ellora, and historic places of Aurangabad city.About 100 people representing different organizations and establishments attended the meeting and of them thirty have come forward to adopt the traffic islands and main city roads to develop them into green beautiful patches.The people also suggested that multi-lingual signage on the roads rides be introduced giving information about the local monuments in the city like Panchakki and the Bibi Ka Maqbara. The participants also suggested tree plantation on the roadside and on open spaces available in the city.Kumar also announced that the people adopting roads and islands would be given certificates, so that they get a free hand to develop these things to add to the beauty of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14141428", "title": "Sand mafia thrives in Noida", "text": "NOIDA: Sand mining continues unabated in Gautam Budh Nagar. TOI visited a half-kilometre stretch in Sectors 79 and 113 on June 12 and found that illegal mining was going on right under the nose of the cops (a police car was spotted only metres away).Twelve tractors were seen at the 50-acre plot transporting sand to an unknown location. There was a deep pit (we were told later by a Sorkha villager that it was 30-foot deep) at the spot due to mining and it was closely guarded by goons, who force back anyone who tries to come close.On June 13, TOI visited the spot again with a cameraperson and all workers vacated the place in minutes.District mining officer Ashish Kumar was asked about this. \"No permission has been given for mining in Sectors 79 and 113. If anybody is found guilty, stringent action would be taken,\" he said.Gautam Budh Nagar SSP Praveen Kumar expressed ignorance about the matter, but he said a raid would be conducted under the supervision of senior police officers and the guilty would be booked.However, the way illegal sand mining is going on, it appears the mafia has lost all fear of police. A few months ago, officials of the special mining squad, including the then SDM Vishal Singh, had a brush with death when the mining mafia had opened fire at them in Maujabad, Greater Noida. The team had been constituted to track the mafia down in Greater Noida.Last year, former president of the collectorate bar association had a miraculous escape after unidentified assailants opened fire at him. The incident had occurred when he had opposed illegal mining in Surajpur.On April 19, UP public works and irrigation minister Shivpal Yadav had directed the Gautam Budh Nagar district officials to immediately take stock of all such encroachments and clear the land.On a visit to Noida, Yadav had met the DM and SSP and stressed on action against encroachers. Yadav had said that penal action would be taken against all violations of land use laws in the area.Reports suggest that nearly 4,000 acres of land on the floodplains have been occupied illegally, much of it very close to the river. Reports also suggest that the river is drying up at a faster pace due to this illegal activity in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14141213", "title": "No narco test on me, says Jagan", "text": "HYDERABAD: Kadapa MP Y S Jaganmohan Reddy and his auditor Vijay Sai Reddy on Thursday filed their counter to the CBI plea seeking narco tests on them. They made it clear that they are against conveying their consent to such tests and told the court that the Supreme Court has already held that such tests are illegal without consent from the individuals. They sought dismissal of the CBI's petition.On Tuesday, the CBI sought permission to subject Jagan to narco and other tests. Charging that Jagan was not at all cooperative and reluctant to reveal anything despite persistent questioning about his assets, the investigation agency filed a petition in the CBI court seeking permission to conduct polygraph, narco and BEAP (Brain Electrical Activation profile) tests on both Jagan and his auditor Vijay Sai Reddy.The Supreme Court in 2010 held as unconstitutional forcible narco-analysis, polygraph and brain electrical activation profile or brain-mapping tests, in a blow to cops who were increasingly using the procedures as investigation tools. The apex court said they cannot be used even on those accused of serial killings and bomb blasts as they are violative of the fundamental right of a citizen not to incriminate himself and his right to privacy under Articles 20(3) and 21 of the Constitution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14148656", "title": "Shweta Salve &amp; Harmeet Sethi to play Sangeet Khurchi!", "text": "Newly married couple Shweta Salve and Harmeet Sethi are set to participate in a Marathi reality show.Titled Sangeet Khurchi , the show will feature ten couple, out of which one is Shweta and her husband Harmeet Sethi, who is a fashion designer by profession. Sources inform that Sangeet Khurchi , produced by Sai Baba Telefilms, will be aired on ETV Marathi and the shooting for the same has begun. The show is expected to hit TV screens in mid august (2012).Popular Marathi and Hindi actress and anchor Renuka Shahane will host the show. As the name suggests, the show's format will include some singing, dancing and some games. Other names that have reportedly been roped in include Rahul Mahajan and wife Dimpy Mahajan and former Indian cricketer Vinod Kambli and his model wife Andrea Hewitt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14153642", "title": "'Black Pulsar' change tactics, striking late night (web-exclusives)", "text": "NAGPUR: City police may be yet to crack the mystery of the 'black Pulsar' rider who targets women, particularly elderly ones, stealing their gold chain, the robbers seem to be also not weary of being alert and innovative to continue their unbridled run. In the latest cases of chain-snatchings, the notorious bike-borne robbers seem to have altered their modus operandi switching their action from day to night. Earlier, the robbers were known to strike in the early morning hours when the police presence would be minimal.As the cops started remaining vigil in the morning, the robbers now have started giving them jolts in the late evening. Two such incidents within a span of 24 hours have now pushed the cops to rethink on their former strategy. On Wednesday, the robbers on black two-wheeler snatched gold chain of Bharti Adatia near a desolate stretch close to Empress city mall. The woman was returning home with husband on scooter. The robbers decamped with Bharti's gold chain worth Rs 60,000.On Thursday, 50-year-old Archana Pinjarkar was robbed by two bike-borne robbers who were on 'Black Pulsar' when she was heading towards her parked car near a lawn in Laxmi Nagar. The robbers fled away with her gold chain worth Rs 1.16 lakhs. Last week, the bike-borne chain-snatchers targeted two elderly women in similar fashion in the late evening. After they snatched gold chain from a woman near Shankar Nagar, they robbed another near a private hospital at Khamla chowk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14148720", "title": "Kanpur gives poor performance on World Blood Donor Day", "text": "KANPUR: The World Blood Donor Day was observed on Thursday but only a small percentage of people came forward to donate blood at various blood donation camps set across the city. Call it apathy, lack of awareness or the myths associated with blood donation, that in the city with adult population of 20 lakh, not even 200 people took part in voluntary blood donation.Importantly, according to the study of blood transfusion, if only 4 per cent population of any district will donate blood voluntarily, the blood banks of that particular district will remain well stocked with sufficient number of blood units without any need of replacement donors.\"There are several myths about blood donation. It is essential that these myths be abolished and people in large number specially people from several association should come forward once in a year to donate blood\", said Dr RP Yadav, chief medical officer of the district.\"In India including Uttar Pradesh , the figure of deaths due to lack of blood are disturbing. Every day around hundreds of people die due to insufficiency of blood across the country,\" added CMO.In India any one can donate blood if he/she is above the age of 18 years and is physically fit, as the regeneration of RBC's in blood get recovered in 36 to 48 hours whereas the iron content in the blood will get recovered in nearly three months. Hence a man can donate blood after every 3 months and a woman can donate blood after every 4 months and there will be no signs of weakness by doing so.\"People are quiet unaware regarding the issue of blood donation and find it unhealthy, which is totally wrong. Blood donation is a healthy activity, which must be practiced by every individual. Though donation of blood for financial profit is bad,\" said Dr Rajesh Jha, Deputy-CMO.While discussing the ill effects of professional donor, he said that one can be suffering from various fatal diseases, and hence if one takes blood of such an infected person he/she will also get infected from those infections.Blood Donation is healhy and necessary:World Health Organisation (WHO) has themed the 'World Blood Donor Day' as 'Every blood donor is a hero' focusing on the idea that every one of us can become a hero by giving blood. Following this the district administration along with health department awarded 10 city people who made a record in voluntary blood donation on this day.These 10 city heros included Babulal Sarda, secretory, Patients Health Care Society. He donated blood 36 times in his lifespan. Nitin who donated blood 10 times in the age of 28 years.Arvind Awasthi who has donated blood approximately 59 times including this year was also awarded by the district magistrate, MP Agarwal. Kaustub Omar with 28 times voluntarily blood donation was also among the city heros.The health department also gave special honour to Ravi Prakas, a charted accountant who along with his family came to participate in voluntarily blood donation camp at UHM. All the four members of his family including his wife, son and daughter turned-up for blood donation.\"If we all were to donate blood twice a year, it would not just help the patients but our own bodies as well. Donation of blood is like servicing one's own system as it helps your body form new blood more often and so become more robust,\" said all the city heros collectively.One blood unit can save four lives:We all have heard of voluntary blood being a life-saving method, as blood is the basic component of life. But one will be shocked to know that every unit of blood donated can save four lives at the same time.\"The advancments in the field of machinery, instruments and technology allowed doctors to separate various components of blood. We can save many blood components separately at different temperatures and can use for multiple purposes at more than one body at a time to utilized it optimally,\" said Dr SC Verma, pathologiat UHM hospital.Its important to mention here that blood contains four different components including, red blood cells (RBCs), white blood cells (WBCs), platelets and plasma. As all these components have a different shelf life and ideal storage temperatures, it is preferable to save these as opposed to whole blood.\"Since different components of blood have different functions in the body, separation also makes it more effective for treatment. However, taking blood from the patients' blood relatives must be avoided\", pointed pathologist further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14144678", "title": "Salty grave for 24 workers as truck overturns near Sanand", "text": "Ahmedabad: Twenty-four people , including 12 children, were crushed to death when a truck laden with sacks of processed salt overturned at Chharodi railway crossing near Sanand on Thursday.More than 40 people from the Jhabua district on the Madhya Pradesh-Gujarat border were sleeping on the sacks when the incident took place.Seventeen people sustained injuries and were rushed to V S Hospital in Ahmedabad.According to Sanand police, the incident took place at 5.30 am on Thursday as the truck was passing by the railway crossing. The driver lost control of the vehicle and it overturned. Sacks of salt weighing 20 kg each fell on the victims who were crushed under the pile. The site of the accident is barely two km from the Tata Nano plant.R K Patel, deputy superintendent of police, Sarkhej division , told TOI that the dead include six men, six women, eight boys and four girls. Four of the 24 deceased, including two men, a woman and a child, are yet to be identified.\"The truck started from Bhachau after loading salt and was heading for Indore. A group of workers and their families hitched a ride to Jhabua. The labourers were returning home after completing the salt harvest in the desert,\" he said.District collector and senior police officials met the victims. The state government later announced Rs 1 lakh compensation for the deceased from the chief minister's relief fund and free treatment to all the injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14147449", "title": "Katy Perry couldn't tell parents about 'I Kissed a Girl' song", "text": "Katy Perry made her sister tell their parents that she was releasing her first single 'I Kissed a Girl'.The 'Hot 'n' Cold' hitmaker couldn't bring herself to tell her pastor mother and father, Keith and Mary Hudson, about her risque single title in 2008, so she avoided a confrontation by asking her sibling Angela to pass on the news.\"When Katy decided that 'I Kissed a Girl' was going to be her first single, I said, 'Have you told mom and dad?' And she said, 'No, but can you?'\" Contactmusic quoted Angela as saying.Although the singer's father Keith admitted that he was ''concerned'' when he heard the news, because he feared it would affect his work, but he insisted that the popstar's image never impacted on him.''I was a little concerned, yeah, 'cause I thought my ministry after 30-something years is over. But, you know what? Never had a problem,\" Keith was seen saying in a clip for Perry's forthcoming concert movie 'Part Of Me: 3D'.The 27-year-old singer too insisted that the track never had any affect on her relationship with the family.\"I think people love the idea of 'a good girl gone bad'. And they think my parents have disowned me, but that's not the story at all,\" Perry Said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14140221", "title": "5 carjackers held, 6 luxury cars found", "text": "NEW DELHI: Five persons have been arrested for allegedly stealing cars and robbing train passengers in the capital. Six luxury cars and weapons have been recovered from them.Additional DCP P S Kushwah said that recently, the gang had committed a carjacking outside a five-star hotel in Vasant Kunj. They had not only fled with the car of a vice-president of a private bank but also abducted his driver who was later dumped in Moti Bagh, he said. They also stole a Toyota Fortuner from a businessman in the same manner in Mansarovar Park a few days ago.\"Our team had received a tip-off that notorious carjacker Manoj Bakkarwala's deputy is behind these thefts. The special staff in-charge, inspector Aishvir Singh, got to know that an accused would come to Malviya Nagar Metro station. The team laid a trap and arrested Chander Prakash and Sonu travelling in a robbed car. On their information, kingpin Ratan Chopra \u2014 Bakkarwala's deputy, and his aides Jitender and Amit were held later,\" DCP (south) Chhaya Sharma said.She said the accused had also targeted Sampark Kranti Express, robbing passengers at gunpoint after which they had jumped off the running train near Nizamuddin. \"They stopped the train in a secluded area by planting a coin between the tracks that completed the circuit and turned the signal from green to red. As soon as the driver applied emergency brakes and stopped the train, they boarded the AC compartments and robbed passengers at gunpoint,\" Sharma said.Chopra was earlier arrested with Bakkarwala in 14 cases, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14151740", "title": "Mobile traffic inspection teams to issue e-challans", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a pilot project, mobile teams from the transport department's enforcement wing have been asked to crack down on vehicles found violating traffic rules and issue e-challans on the spot. These e-challans will be immediately updated on the central database of the transport department through a laptop that the mobile teams will be carrying. Besides imposing fines, those found with multiple violations will be dealt with strictly, added transport department officials.Said a senior official in the transport department, \"The mobile teams will be connected to the central transport database, so that information on the vehicle, based on the registration number, is available immediately. The challan will be issued on the spot, while information will get updated on our database.\" While the teams will issue the e-challan for all offenses under the Delhi Motor Vehicle's Act, officials say that the violations which will be especially under the radar include those found driving without the required pollution under control certificate (PUCC), driver's license and permit violations.Commercial vehicles will also be under the scanner. Said the official, \"Overloaded commercial vehicles will be targeted as well.\" The fine for overloading in a commercial vehicle is Rs 2,000 plus Rs 2 per kg on the extra weight. Officials said that vehicles will be impounded of those found to have multiple violations or excessive overloading.The transport department has at present 30 teams, of which around 10 percent are being put on the pilot project, said the transport department. \"If the feedback from the project is good, we shall implement it in all our enforcement vehicles,\" said the official. Access to the database of the transport department will be possible for the mobile team thanks to a portable computer that will be outfitted in the vehicle. At present, the department issues challans through post, after the enforcement officers get the information on the erring vehicle from the database at headquarters.Sources said that the teams will be stationed in congested areas in the city. \"Zonal officers know which areas to target to maximize the effect of the pilot project,\" added a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14140690", "title": "Facing flak for moral policing, Maharashtra may review archaic laws", "text": "MUMBAI: Facing a barrage of criticism over moral policing, which is targeting Mumbai's nightlife, the Maharashtra government has stepped in to calm the waters. Minister of state for home Satej Patil spoke to police commissioner Arup Patnaik, advised him to handle the issue carefully and said the state was mulling a review of archaic laws.\"Mumbai is a cosmopolitan city and the government wants to take a holistic approach on the issue,\" Patil told TOI. \"Laws should be followed, but innocent people should not be harassed ... Some laws may not have relevance today, but may be used to book people.\"It is pertinent to note that Patil belongs to the Congress, while home minister R R Patil belongs to its alliance partner, the NCP. A source said the government was worried about the alleged highhandedness of the police in some cases where bars and pubs were raided, patrons were video-graphed and their names and addresses taken down. \"The whole administration cannot be tainted because of the actions of one or two persons,\" said the source. There is also concern in some quarters of the government that the targeting of night life in the city might affect Mumbai's image internationally and impact the inflow of tourists.Patil said the government has proposed a comprehensive review of laws, some of which were enacted over half a century ago. The laws that may come under the lens would include permit rules (that require a person to hold a permit to drink alcohol ) and other rules in the Bombay Police Act and Bombay Prohibition Act that have a chance of being misused. \"The law cannot be used to target common people or persons who are visiting a restaurant or a discotheque,\" said Patil.Times ViewThe law must be updated in accordance with evolving social mores and the situation on the ground. Dichotomy between rules and social mores and practices can lead to abuse of law and harassment of citizens, which is what Mumbai is seeing now. Several clauses of the Bombay Police Act also need to be redefined (or more clearly defined so that they are not at the mercy of a police officer's interpretation). Mumbai's police machinery needs to plug loopholes that allow killers like Vijay Palande to roam free; that's a much more pressing need than counting the number of people on a dance floor in a pub.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14146592", "title": "DoT offers to reduce the reserve price for airwaves", "text": "NEW DELHI: The telecom department (DoT) has offered to reduce the reserve price for airwaves in the upcoming sale if existing mobile phone companies agree to match the auction-determined price for their frequencies over the remaining life of their licences.This proposal forms a key part of a package the DoT is attempting to cobble together to reach a settlement with companies that have vigorously opposed sector regulator Trai's controversial recommendations on pricing and refarming of spectrum.But the compromise attempt may not succeed as dual-technology companies such as Reliance Communications and Tata Teleservices are unhappy with the proposals. Reduction of the reserve price is a major demand of all telcos, but both Reliance Communications and Tata Teleservices have sharply criticised the DoT's plan to make incumbents pay the auction-determined price for their existing 2G airwaves over the remaining licence period.All telecom licences in the country are valid for 20 years, and unlike pure-play GSM operators like Bharti Airtel and Vodafone, the dualtechnology companies have more than 10 years to go before their permits expire.The proposal to make telcos pay for existing spectrum will enable the government garner more than Rs 1,00,000 crore from existing operators and strengthen its case that it is not discriminating against new operators that bid for airwaves in the upcoming auctions. At the same time, it will give the government the flexibility to lower the reserve price for the auctions as the loss of revenues will be compensated by the money it will collect from the existing operators.The proposed settlement may also involve both the government and operators agreeing to drop all past court cases related to policy issues and implementation. For instance, the telecom department will withdraw its case against the 3G roaming pacts signed by Bharti Airtel, Vodafone Essar and Idea Cellular that allow these companies to provide high-speed data facilities on a pan-India basis.A top DoT official confirmed the department was preparing a package that may offer many incentives to the industry, but said its contours were yet to be finalised. Telecom Minister Kapil Sibal and DoT Secretary R Chandrasekhar have outlined parts of the proposed deal in their recent meetings with senior executives of mobile phone companies.Several permutations &amp; combinations A telecom industry executive who attended these meetings said the DoT had also offered to dilute the contentious proposals relating to refarming of spectrum, which would have forced operators like Bharti, Idea and Vodafone to relinquish their more-efficient 900 MHz airwaves and bid for the less-efficient 1,800 MHz frequencies.This executive said Sibal had indicated that the government would allow existing operators to retain 50% of their 900 MHz spectrum as it would provide an additional 10 MHz of airwaves in this band. The DoT official said several permutations and combinations had been discussed and 'one must not assume that all these will eventually be offered to telcos'.\"We are presenting our case and hearing the views presented by companies. We are collecting their suggestions on this issue and attempting to jointly outline a strategy to move forward,\" said the DoT official.But the chief executive of a leading telco cautioned against excessive optimism about a grand compromise. \"We have attended meetings, but so far the telecom department has not given any offer in writing. Moreover, it is making different verbal offers to different companies.It has also not discussed the trade-offs,\" he said. An official from AUSPI, the industry body that represents dual-technology companies, said the proposed package favoured only GSM players, and said both RCOM and Tatas would reject the deal.During discussions with the industry, the telecom department had also said it may not pursue plans to impose a retrospective one-time charge on incumbent GSM operators for all excess 2G spectrum they hold beyond the 6.2 MHz limit.This will offer relief to the tune of Rs 10,000 crore to BSNL while Bharti Airtel will save around Rs 8,000 crore, Vodafone about Rs 5,000 crore and Idea Cellular close to Rs 2,000 crore. But, the final decision would depend on the outcome of the Presidential Reference in the Supreme Court, said the DoT official.The AUSPI official quoted earlier claimed the government would be hit with a Rs 40,000-crore scam if GSM operators were not charged for excess airwaves beyond 6.2 MHz retrospectively. The DoT has also offered to renew the licences of existing operators by another 20 years, and not 10 years as announced by Sibal earlier this year, provided operators pay the auction-determined price for their entire spectrum.This will allow them to use their airwaves for deploying any technology of their choice, enabling them to offer highspeed 3G or 4G services on 2G frequencies for the next two decades. But AUSPI is opposed to this as well.\"This amounts to allowing GSM operators renew their licences without having to participate in an auction process,\" said an industry body official. As a sweetener, the government will also allow telcos to mortgage spectrum and use this scare resource as collateral from banks to raise funding, in addition to permitting telcos to stagger their payments for airwaves bagged through the bidding process.Many telcos have opposed the DoT's move to reject Trai's proposal that winners pay only 33% of the bid amount up front, followed by a twoyear moratorium, with the remaining money to be paid in 10 equal installments annually.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14146661", "title": "11 involved in Jayakrishnan murder identified", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Police have identified 11 persons who murdered K T Jayakrishnan, the former state vice-president of Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha. He was hacked to death in a classroom at East Mokeri UP School in 1999.The names of these persons were revealed during the interrogation of T K Rajeesh, who has apparently confessed that he was one among the killer gang.The special investigation team (SIT) probing the T P Chandrasekharan murder case, will send the report containing the details they had collected on the Jayakrishnan case to the state police chief. He will take a decision on the possibility of a re-investigation after getting the report.Kousalya, Jayakrishnan's mother, will meet chief minister Oommen Chandy on Thursday and request him to order a re-investigation into the case. Rajeesh had told police that the real culprits were still at large and that all except one arrested in the case had nothing to do with it.BJP-RSS leadership said they had had doubts about those arrested in the case being the real culprits. \"We had told police at that time itself that some of those in the gang were from Kottiyodi near Pattiam,\" a senior RSS leader said. There was an attempt on the life of the then RSS Kannur district karyavahak Suresh Babu a few days before Jayakrishnan's murder. A gang with weapons and explosives had come to the Kannur collectorate, where he was working, to attack him. But they were arrested by police with weapons.\"The case was sabotaged by a DSP .If those arrested were properly interrogated, police could have collected some information on the conspiracy to murder Jayakrishnan\" he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14137267", "title": "RTI replies now available in Braille", "text": "CHENNAI: The blind in the state can now get replies to their queries under the Right to Information (RTI) Act in Braille, thanks to an initiative of the state information commission with the help of the National Institute for the Visually Handicapped.State information commissioner K S Sripathi said the programme, being done for the first timein the country, \"Is expected to help more than seven lakh visually challenged people in the state.\" He said, \"We have taken up the initiative following various requests from visually challenged persons across the state.\"Every time the information commission receives a RTI application seeking information in Braille, the commission will prepare a reply in the printed format and forward it to the National Institute for the Visually Handicapped, where it will be converted into Braille. For each page of information, the application will be charged Re 1. \"Initially, we planned to provide copies in Braille without any fee but financial constraints are not allowing us to provide information for free,\" said Sripathi.National Institute for the Visually Handicapped regional director I Arivanandham said they were very glad to be associated with the project. \"The RTI has emerged as a great tool for citizens. Providing information through Braille will help visually challenged people fight their cause. We are trying to convert the printed format into Braille,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14148225", "title": "Abhilasha sings for Dambari", "text": "Known as the 'Little Nightingale' Abhilasha Chellam is all set to debut in Marathi movie industry. In a Marathi movie Dambari, Abhilasha would sing a duet with most popular singer of Marathi movie Industry Anand Shinde.\"It's through her hard work and melodious voice that she has reached this level,\" says team of Dambari. And Abhilasha can't stop thanking this team for giving her to chance to start her career as a playback singer. Originally from south, Abhilasha has participated in many Hindi singing shows like, 'Aao Jhoomein Gaayein', 'Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Singing Superstars' to name a few.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14152462", "title": "MSU's first counseling session for students who used unfair means in exams", "text": "VADODARA: M S University has organized a counseling session for students who were found using unfair means in the examinations held in the months of April and May this year.This counseling session, the first of its kind in the country to re-orient and counsel students caught in such examination-related unfair practices will be held on Saturday at 3 pm at the professor C C Mehta Auditorium.A total of 453 students were found using unfair means during the examinations this year. Of this three students were rusticated while the rest - 450 - were called on separate dates this month by the unfair means committee. Of the 450 students, 360 students had reported before the unfair means committee. Later, remaining 90 were called on Thursday. Only 34 students remained present. Fifty six students who did not come were given punishment in absentia.The counseling session to be organized on Saturday is open for all those who are interested apart from students who were found using unfair means. The parents of these students as well as other students can also participate in this counseling session.The session will be addressed by MSU vice-chancellor professor Yogesh Singh and dean of Faculty of Commerce professor Parimal Vyas apart from member of the unfair means committee professor Ranjan Sengupta.The session will be handled by team psychiatrist Dr Yogesh Patel, pastoral counselor Sonal Amin, project coordinator Nayan Patel, clinical psychologist Prachi Gosai and research assistant Ansh Mehta.Dr. Yogesh Patel is the director of SC Patel center of addiction and mental health, with experience 25 years in the field. The emphasis in the workshop would be more on the counseling of the students to help them to work on the guilt and shame as well as help them in the process of character building, developing healthy self-esteem, self-worth and self-concern and develop a mission statement for their life. An important issue addressed will be an action plan for academic integrity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14149565", "title": "Water supply hit in Vadodara", "text": "VADODARA: Water supply to a large part of the city has been affected due to power failure at French wells in Mahi river. The French wells are a major source of water to the northern, western and southern parts of the city.The power failure took place when rainstorms hit the city and surrounding areas on Wednesday evening. The power supply was affected at Raika, Dodka and Fajalpur French wells in Mahi river.Sources said the power supply at Fajalpur was affected from Wednesday evening till early Thursday morning. The power supply at the other two French wells was affected from Wednesday evening till the early hours on Thursday.The failure ensured that water was not supplied to the city during this period. This led to a shortage of 2.5 crore gallons. Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) had to immediately cut water supply.Officials said water was supplied to the city for around 30 minutes on Thursday. The situation is expected to remain similar even on Friday before the regular supply is restored.A repair in a main water supply pipeline at Chhani Jakatnaka had also led to some temporary problems. However, officials said the repair work has been completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14148393", "title": "Crime as a mirror of society", "text": "BANGALORE: \"What does it mean to be an Indian in contemporary India? \"\"After Independence, Churchill remarked that we would collapse in 10 years. In later years, Ramachandra Guha pointed out how we Indians have managed to stay together despite our multiculturalism,\" said author Manreet Sodhi Someshwar, giving momentum to a discussion with theatre person Munira Sen on 'Crime fiction as a mirror of society' on Thursday.In the light of her own newly launched book The Taj Conspiracy, Manreet established that the Taj Mahal is symbolic of India's cultural diversity. \"Its architectural design is Islamic and it has so many Hindu elements in it,\" she said.Manreet is among the increasing tribe of women who write crime fiction and are driven by Kafka. \"I believe that all writings should open avenues for discussion,\" she said.For, Manreet, the daughter of a criminal lawyer, believes that both good and bad characters are within us.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14146244", "title": "SIT hunts down TP killers in jungle hideout", "text": "KOZHIKODE: In a daring pre-dawn swoop, aptly named Operation Silent Night, the police arrested M K Sunil Kumar alias Kodi Suni, the prime accused in the murder of T P Chandrasekharan , from Modakkuzhikunnu near Iritty on Thursday. Kirmani Manoj and Muhammad Shafi, two other members of the killer squad, were also picked up from the hideout.Information leaked from CPM cadres helped the police locate the hideout which is inside a CPM 'party village'. Cops disguised as labourers hid in a tipper lorry and travelled from Edathotty near Iritty to Modakkuzhikunnu, which is a part of Peringanam forest.From there they trekked for around 3km to the hideout. The three accused along with three others were fast asleep in the makeshift tent when the police pounced on them. Kodi Suni drew a revolver but was overpowered right away. Police recovered a few swords from the spot.Police said the gang has been hiding in the area for around 20 days. Empty bottles of alcohol, cigarettes, rice and curry, broken egg shells and playing cards were strewn around the place.Policemen were positioned at all exit points to prevent the accused from escaping. The arrested were brought downhill escorted by armed policemen and taken to Edathotty by the tipper lorry. From there Suni and gang were taken to Vadakara in a police vehicle.Sources in the police said Suni , Manoj and Shafi did not show any signs of remorse. \"They were telling us how Pazhassi Raja fought the British and how E K Nayanar led the agitation in Kayyur,\" sources said.The police knew that Suni and the gang were holed up in one of the party villages in Kannur district. Before reaching Modakkuzhikunnu they were hiding at a house at Maloor, another stronghold of the party. They had a narrow escape when the police raided the area.Police said it was not possible for the gang to survive in the forest for 20 days without support from CPM workers in Muzhakkunnu, the nearest village.Rice and curry found at the place might have been brought by party workers from their homes.The other three arrested along with the gang were deputed to help them. Police are also on the lookout for CPM local leaders because it wouldn't have been possible for Suni and gang to enter the area without their knowledge.Usually the gang keeps moving from one place to another.But they stayed at Modakkuzhikunnu as they thought the area was inaccessible to anyone other than party workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14141693", "title": "Civic work starts on war footing", "text": "NOIDA: Following complaints from residents of glitches in civic and maintenance works, the Noida Authority has directed its entire staff to pull their act together and focus on providing and improving basic civic amenities like roads, drains, street lighting and sanitation.Earlier, officials were divided into 'ten work circles' whereby each zone has its own head and earmarked work areas. In a review meeting held on Wednesday evening, Noida Authority CEO, Sanjeev Saran, directed the project engineers heading the 10 work circles to begin making daily rounds of their respective work areas and interact with the concerned RWAs to identify the needs of each sector.All officials have been directed to remain accessible to the residents and to pay \"special attention\" to issues like roads, sewerage, sanitation, power, water and maintenance of parks, community centres, etc.\"We have directed all the work circle staff to consider providing civic amenities to the residents as their foremost task. They need to meet the residents, recce their earmarked areas and interact with RWAs to identify the problems being faced by them and to address those problems,\" Saran said.\"To ensure better implementation, we have divided officials into teams. Each work circle can now concentrate on its respective area of concern, look into the requirements of the area and bring about development in a much more efficient way. Besides, the system also creates a single window system whereby residents know who is heading which area and can contact their respective work circle when in need of help,\" he added.The work circles have also been directed to put up display boards with numbers of the respective work circle head, landline number of the Noida Authority and the contact numbers of police, fire department, etc near the main entry gate of all residential sectors.For the convenience of the residents, the Authority has also decided to earmark and develop \"adequate\" commercial space in all new residential areas to make room for general stores, chemists, stationary shops and other such daily needs outlets. Steps will be taken to upgrade the designated commercial spaces in the existing residential colonies as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14152247", "title": "Gujarat chief minister visits a school in Bhiloda", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The children and staff of school in Mautanda in Bhiloda had a surprise guest. Chief Minister Narendra Modi , had on Thursday visited the school as a part of the shalal praveshotsav programme.He visited remote forested areas of Sabarkantha district, covering schools and anganwadis (playgroup nurseries) at Mautanda in Bhiloda taluka and at Dantod village in Vijaynagar taluka.Modi even distributed books, educational kits, gifts and toys to freshly admitted students. He welcomed the newly enrolled children with fruits and sweets.As a part of the Kanya Kelavani Abhiyan, he felicitated girls who were admitted to the school and gave then a bond of Rs 2,000.The Chief Minister also held a meeting with the parents of the students and asked them to ensure that the girls studied. He even asked the parents to take oath to ensure that they would make their girls study.Addressing the parents, he said that the the state government wants to give all facilities to students especially the girls. He said that each school should enthusiastically take part in the taluka-wise competition for the 'Best A-Grade School'. The state government has already ensured schools have adequate classrooms and minimum basic amenities like drinking water and toilets.The three day campaign began from Thursday, while the similar statewide campaign for schools in the urban areas will be held be-tween June 28 ad 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14149641", "title": "KBC winner Sushil Kumar in Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa", "text": "Sushil Kumar, who made history by winning the Kaun Banega Crorepati (KBC) jackpot of Rs five crore in 2011, is the 13th contestant on the celebrity dance show Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa.Kumar's name has been kept a carefully guarded secret so far. Even during the press conference of the show, the channel revealed only 12 contestants to the media and followed by an announcement that the 13th contestant of the show, a surprise package, happens to be one amongst us - a commoner who became an overnight sensation.Other contestants on the show are Sanath Jayasuriya , Giaa Manek, Pratyusha Banerjee, Talat Aziz, Jayati Bhatia, Shibani Dandekar, Archna Vijaya, Darsheel Safari, Ravi Kishen, Gurmeet Choudhary, Bharti Singh and Isha Sharvani . The show is launching tomorrow at 9 pm on Colors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "14141159", "title": "Patiala Municipal Corporation slaps Rs52L fine on medical institutes", "text": "PATIALA: The Government Medical College in Patiala and the Government Rajindera Hospital have landed in soup due to the non-serious attitude of the senior health authorities.The Patiala Municipal Corporation (PMC) has issued a notice announcing to auction the two medical institutes if the dues of Rs 52 lakh are not deposited in four days.It has been alleged that misappropriation of funds has led to delay in payment of dues.PMC assistant commissioner Nazar Singh said,\"The notice has been issued under Section 137 of Punjab municipal corporation Act.\" Sources said some seniors had been trying to ensure that the financial scams remain unexposed. In the past few days, two scams have come to light but no action was taken.Medical superintendent of the hospital Dr K D Singh said they had written to seniors for release of the funds and sought more time from the municipal corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14151528", "title": "3000 govt quarters vacated as they were not safe", "text": "AHMEDABAD: At least 3,000 government residential accommodation in Gujarat's capital Gandhinagar has turned into ghost quarters. With frequent complaints of ceilings chipping off ,walls giving away and sudden electric shocks being experienced by residents in these old dilapidated government houses, the capital projects department has been asked to vacate immediately. There are a total of 18,000 government quarters in the capital city.Though the government had plans of pulling these quarters down, which are almost half a century old, the plans for selling open plots have been put in the back burner. The government has stopped allotting plots to government officers since the last 17 years.There were plans, according to senior officers of the roads and buildings department of developing open plots on a PPP basis after the quarters were pulled down. But nothing has been done till date.A senior official of the Gandhinagar municipal corporation (GMC) says, \"The development of land should have ideally been the responsibility of GMC after the formation of the municipal corporation in 2010. This is still a pipedream as the municipal corporation is headed by the a Congress body,\" says the officer. The land development is still with the capital projects department under the department of the roads and buildings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14144705", "title": "Six of a family crushed to death by truck on Surat-Dhulia Highway", "text": "SURAT: Six people including three children of a family were crushed to death near Navapur, Maharastra near Gujarat -- Maharastra border on Surat-Dhulia National highway late Thursday. The family was returning in a car from Surat to Chalishgaon in Maharastra after meeting a relative when the truck rammed their car.According to the details of the incident available, Anil Jadhav (35), had traveled to Surat in his car with family members to see his ailing sister on Wednesday. On his way back, a truck driver rammed his car while trying to overtake him.Six members of the family of the total eight who were traveling in the car including three children died on the spot, where as Jadhav and one of his nee Manisha sustained serious injuries. The injured were rushed to Navapur town hospital.Police inspector of the town Bhagwat Sonwane who rushed to the spot said, \"Driver of the truck with the Maharastra register number fled the scene after causing the accident.\" He also added, \"It is a case of rash and negligence driving and we will catch hold of the culprit.\"The dead were identified as Ash Jadhav (30), wife of Anil Jadhav, Gorakh Jadhav (55), brother, Aruna Jadhav (45) sister-in-law, Sankalp Jadhav (05), son, Riddhi Jadhav (04), daughter, Dadi Jadhav (12), nee.Surat-Dhulia National Highway No-6 is on expansion mode and widening of the roads is going on in many phases of the part of the highway that falls in Gujarat and bordering Maharastra. Nearly 100 km stretch of this highway beginning from Surat to Navapur has seen number of fatal and grievous accidents in the past.According to the data available from the various police stations of Surat and Tapi district through which this highway passes, at least two major fatal accidents are reported on this road in a month since last decade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14140199", "title": "Mamata\u2019s penchant for risky business", "text": "NEW DELHI: \"I have always taken risks. When I left the Congress party at an early age people said I would be finished... that I was taking a big risk,\" Trinamool chief and West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee defiantly declared when asked whether she has thought of the risks that a split with Congress might entail.The feisty leader, who acquired credentials as a doughty street warrior by taking on the well-entrenched CPM in West Bengal, seems completely unfazed by the uncertainties staring at her. She will be without leverage with the Centre at a time when many have begun to see the signs of creeping disenchantment with Trinamool's rule. She cannot hope to get an estranged Congress to walk the extra mile to provide financial assistance to cash-strapped Bengal. Besides the prospect of getting caught in a Congress-Left pincer, she also has to contend with the prospect of her bete noire Pranab Mukherjee becoming the first-ever Bengali President despite her support.Congressmen are already accusing her of betraying the cause of Bengal by seeking to block Mukherjee. Once in Rashtrapati Bhawan, the Congress veteran himself will have a taunt value that he has so far lacked.Yet, the odds did not seem to daunt Mamata. \"I am not going to be cowed down by threats. I can deal with those who try to threaten me, make no mistake,\" she said, just after I&B; minister Ambika Soni and Congress general secretary Jandardan Dwivedi publicly accused her of distorting what had transpired between Mamata and Congress chief Sonia Gandhi the previous evening.With an absolute majority of her own in the West Bengal assembly, the TMC chief is not worried about keeping her government in place in the state. Expecting that Congress will be further weakened after by-poll results come in on Friday, since Andhra Pradesh results may be a big blow for the party before the crucial Presidential polls.While an early election may not suit Congress and other parties, TMC is of the opinion that it would only stand to gain from early polls.Wary that Congress may try to act tough with it after the Presidential elections, with SP and BSP both coming to its aid, TMC, it seems, decided to take on the Congress for the crucial race for Rashtrapati Bhavan when it needs all the support and numbers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14145278", "title": "Actors from south are invading Bollywood?", "text": "The 1960s through 1980s saw many South Indian girls rule the roost in Bollywood. Rekha, Hema Malini, Sri Devi, Jaya Prada were leading ladies for some of the most popular stars of the era. Back to the 21st century, the present, we have South Indian heroines \u2014 Trisha (Khatta Meetha), priyamani (Raavan) Shriya (Awarapan), Asin (Ghajini) and Ileana (Barfee) making a start. Although we do not know if these girls would repeat history, future looks bright for the men from South who are grabbing all the big banner movies.Siddharth: He was a boy-next door hero till he pulled off Karan Singhania's role in 'Rang De Basanti' with much ease. He also starred in 'Striker' and is now filming for 'Chashme Buddoor'.Madhavan: He has evolved as a actor over the years. Far from the lover boy image he portrayed in Mani Ratnam's 'Alaipayuthai' and Gautham Menon's 'Minnale', he's now considered for much serious roles in Bollywood. Apart from his roles in 'Rang De Basanti, Guru', 'Tanu weds Manu' and '3 Idiots' for which he received much acclaim; he has acted in several Hindi films.Suriya: The romantic-turned action hero of Kollywood caught the eye of Ram Gopal Varma with his performance in 'Ghajini'. RGV cast him in 'Raktha Charitra' for a whopping sum. Will this busy south star be seen in more Hindi movies?Vikram: That he's a seasoned artiste in Kollywood is well known. However, he earned accolades from other cinema industries too for his dual role in Mani Ratnam's 'Raavan' (Hindi) and 'Raavanan' (Tamil) respectively. The actor was roped in by the ace director to play two key roles in the bilingual movie Raavan. Vikram effortlessly slipped into the skin of both Ram and Raavan's role drawing applause.Mahesh Babu: He's the undisputed prince of Tollywood. Even with choosy scripts and few releases, the star has managed to retain his numero uno position. Salman Khan's hit 'Wanted' made people sit up and take note of the hero in the original version. And after Mahesh's 'Dookudu' was a super-duper hit, the actor pipped Akshay Kumar to become the national ambassador for 'Thumbs Up' proving brand Mahesh was a phenomenon waiting to happen. He's been approached by many filmmakers in Bollywood who believe Mahesh can easily woo Hindi fans with his handsome looks and great acting skills. However, Mahesh is waiting for the right script to make a grand entry while maintaining Telugu will be his priority always!Ram Charan Teja: Megastar Chiranjeevi's son managed to catch many eyeballs with his performance in 'Magadheera'. He was called destiny's favourite child after he was chosen to reprise Hindi megstar Amitabh Bachchan's iconic role in 'Zanjeer'. With the role of inspector Vijay, Ram Charan is touted as the next angry young man in Hindi cinema.Rana Daggubati: It's another thing that he hails from a family of cinema artists. Although his Telugu films did not give him the much-needed push, his roles in Hindi movies 'Dum Maaro Dum' and 'Department' not to forget his alleged link-up with actress Bipasha Basu has made him a hot property in Bollywood. With his charismatic looks and toned body, the hottie is ready to set the Hindi screen on fire.Dhanush: His 'why this Kolaveri Di' became a rage across the globe is old news. He has established himself as a seasoned artist with his versatile roles in various Kollywood movies. The latest is that the son-in-law of the superstar of Kollywood is all set to make his Bollywood debut with Aanand L Rai's 'Raanjha'. It is believed the director was bowled over by the actor's performance in 'Aadukalam'.These actors are big stars down South. But can they work the same magic on the Bollywood audience too? Let's wait and watch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad/vizag", "code": "14141516", "title": "\u2018Accidents happening only in expanded units\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD/VIZAG: \"The loss is huge considering the work on the expansion of the plant. The mishaps are occurring only in the expanded units and it's high time the management took a serious view of this,\" pointed out a senior official of the steel melting shop.On its part, the state government on Thursday ordered an inquiry under the Factories Act. The joint chief inspector of factories would conduct the inquiry while the director of factories would take stock of the situation, information commissioner R V Chandravadan said. \"A committee is also being constituted to examine and probe the incident,\" he said.While the explosion was reportedly caused by the abnormal pressure in the oxygen unit, collector Luv Agarwal said the reasons would be known only after an inquiry was completed. \"It is but natural to have an inquiry into major incidents like these,\" he said. The condition of the injured, who received 90-95 % burns in the blaze caused after the explosion, was very critical, he said. General manager of the steel melting shop, Yashpal Singh, merely said the injured were undergoing \"specialized\" treatment in private hospitals.Among the critically injured is general manager (projects) B S Khalsi, deputy manager Ch Prabhakar Raju, assistant general managers MBRS Sarma, Muralidhar and L Srinivasa Rao, senior manager K Srinivasa Rao, foremen Penki Narayana Rao and Ranjan Battacharya of MN Dastur and Co who were the consultants for the expansion works. Sources said efforts were on to shift 55-yearold Khalsi to Mumbai, while Sharma has been airlifted to Mumbai for further treatment. Sources said Rs 25 lakh worth medicines from Germany were being brought to treat the severely injured.The deceased were identified as DGMs Kamalakar and Srihari, manager Ravi Chandra, trainee manager Atul, foreman L Satyanarayana, assistant manager K Nayak and N Srinivasa Raju of Blue Star company, Tarunjit Singh of SMS Limited and David, Sanjay Datta and Ramesh Dutta of MN Dastur and Co.Sources said the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF), which guards the VSP installations, was asked by Khalsi to be present at the SMS-II as their services could be needed in case of an emergency. \"They were conducting a trial run at the oxygen unit in the concrete building where the blast took place. All those present were badly burnt,\" a CISF official said. He said that 11 employees, including Khalsi, who were close to the oxygen unit sustained serious injuries and they were immediately shifted to the hospital by a quick reaction team.Union minister of state for Steel Beni Prasad Verma, who visited the plant site along with chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy, said a three-member expert team headed by senior official Dr Jain has been constituted to probe the incident. Expressing anguish over the incident, the CM said the inquiry under the AP Factories Act would be taken up simultaneously. Sources said apart from the Rs 25-30 lakh compensation, the management is set to announce another Rs 20 lakh for the families of the deceased, while the steel minister announced Rs 10 lakh ex-gratia. Several union workers, who staged a dharna in front of the plant in the morning, demanded Rs 1 crore as compensation for the kin of the deceased. TDP president Chandrababu Naidu, who called on the injured, said the government should take steps to ensure all safety standards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14144948", "title": "Veteran actor Kaka Radhakrishnan passes away", "text": "VVeteran actor Kakka Radhakrishnan passed away yesterday the 14th June 2012 at his residence due to breathing problem.The actor was aged 86 years and is survived with wives Visalakshi and Saradambal and three sons Udhayakumar, Rajavel, Senthil and daughters Jothilakshmi, Sumathi, Meenakshi, Karpagam and Andal.The veteran actor who started his acting carrer in the year 1949 with Magaiyarkarasi has been a prominent actor and comedian to have shared screen space with top actors of his times. He has acted in over 400 films in Tamil, Telugu and Malayalam. After sharing screen space with NSK, MGR and Sivaji in the 1950s and 60s, the actor had his successful round of second innings with Kamal's Devar Magan. Some of his memorable movies include Manohara, Thaaiku Pin Thaaram, Chella Pillai, Thaai Magaluku Katiya Thali, Devar Magan, Guna, Kadhalukku Mariyadhai, Unnai Thedi, Unakkaga Ellam Unakkaga, Manathai Thirudi Vittai, Vasool Raja MBBS and Idhaya Thirudan and was last seen in En Uyirinum Melana in 2010..The actor's cremation will be done today at the Kannamapet burial ground starting from his residence in Singaram street, T.Nagar around 3pm.Source: cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14141753", "title": "Congressmen criticise govt; mayor offers to resign", "text": "JAIPUR: Congressmen on Thursday cautioned their party government against ignoring public issues like electricity and drinking water and hit out against the ministers for indulging in corruption in transfer postings.The party legislators and the office-bearers spoke their mind at the Congress's Jaipur division workshop held at the PCC headquarters. Selected Congressmen from the five districts of Jaipur, Sikar, Jhunjhunu, Dausa and Alwar were invited for the workshop, which was part of the party's feedback programme on its government's performance.At the workshop that concluded peacefully amid fears of disruption raised by the ongoing power tussle among its leaders in the Jaipur unit, the show stealer was mayor Jyoti Khandelwal . The mayor, who has routinely courted controversies over her supremacy fights with the government officials, offered to quit post.\"If the Congress state leadership believes my actions were damaging the party prospects, I am ready to resign as mayor,\" Khandelwal said, but mentioned that it was Jaipur MP Mahesh Joshi who lobbied to get the party ticket for her in the mayoral elections. The mayor who is known more for getting six CEOs shunted out one after another from the JMC so far, added, \"I never asked the government to transfer these officials . The government did this on its own.\" Commenting on the mayor's statement, Congress state president Chandrabhan later told reporters, \"This is her feeling for self-sacrifice ; she is ready to resign in the party interest.\"The party president, however, countered the party men's feedback when he said that the state's Congress government was ensuring proper supply of drinking water. \"There have been no protests or demonstrations for water so far,\" Chandrabhan said. He, though, acknowledged that the state was reeling under power shortage for some time now. \"The power situation is grim in entire north India,\" the PCC chief reasoned.The issue of inadequate supply of electricity and drinking water was raised at the workshop by Sikar legislator Govind Singh Dotasra. Interestingly, when he was speaking about the frequent power failures in rural areas, the electricity supply at workshop venue got disrupted thrice. \"When the conditions are this bad even here, imagine what the people in rural areas would be suffering,\" Dotasra quipped.There was some disruption at the workshop's first session in the morning when Jhunjhunu district Congress president Mahendra Jhajharia alleged corruption in transfer postings done by medical and health department and questioned the party president if the rules of maintaining discipline in the party applied only to the lowerrung Congressmen or covered the senior party leaders, too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14145622", "title": "HC issues notice on plea for live telecast of House session", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has issued a notice to the Tamil Nadu assembly secretary on a public interest writ petition filed by the Lok Satta Party seeking live telecast or webcast of House proceedings.A division bench comprising Justice D Murugesan and Justice K K Sasidharan admitted the PIL, ordered notices and adjourned the matter to July 16 for further proceedings.The PIL, filed by the Tamil Nadu state unit president of the Lok Satta Party, D Jagadeeswaran, cited the Kerala and Andhra Pradesh model and wanted the Tamil Nadu government to provide for telecast or webcast of assembly proceedings as a measure of transparency.During the hearing, Elizabeth Seshadri, counsel for the petitioner, sought liberty to implead the state legislative assembly secretary in the case, and to delete the chief secretary from the list of respondents. The bench allowed her pleas.Advocate-general A Navaneethakrishnan, noting that the PIL was not at all maintainable as it had been filed by a political party, said the court could not pass orders on telecasting or webcasting of assembly proceedings as it was the prerogative of the Speaker, who acts through the secretary of the legislative assembly.The bench, however, admitted the petition for further hearing, saying: \"In our opinion, the petitioner cannot be thrown out at this stage, as the questions raised by the advocate-general can be considered after a counter-affidavit is filed.\"The PIL contended that in Tamil Nadu, though edited assembly proceedings are sent to media houses, only selective portions are telecast, as media houses in the state are politically polarized. \"What the citizen ultimately sees is partisan news packaged as a political campaign,\" it added.Advocate-general A Navaneethakrishnan noted that the PIL was not at all maintainable as it had been filed by a political party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14141191", "title": "Stars, celebs back drive to save horses", "text": "MUMBAI: After citizens and animal activists initiated a signature campaign to ban the horse-drawn Victorias, film stars and celebrities have joined hands to save the animals.Actors Priyanka Chopra and Kangana Ranaut , singer Anushka Manchanda, model Pia Trivedi and activist Maneka Gandhi have pledged support. TOI had reported how horses are kept in stables that are in pathetic conditions or at beaches, dump yards and slums.\"The Mumbai For Horses campaign is guided by Maneka Gandhi and our ambassadors are Pia Trivedi and actor Kitu Gidwani,\" said Mili Gandhi of Mumbai For Horses. Advocate and animal activist Ambika Hiranandani said the drive got a boost with celebrities' support.\"Once, we have the signatures, we will sit outside the CM's, mayor's, civic chief's and joint commissioner of traffic police's offices,\" said Vandana Kripalani of Mumbai For Horses.Nilesh Bhanage of Plants and Animals Welfare Society said they are urging authorities in Kalyan and Dombivli to stop the exploitation. People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) India will hold a protest at Azad Maidan on June 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14151125", "title": "Gujrat: GSHSEB declares result of 166 students from Jamkandorna", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board has declared the result of 166 students of Jamkandorna, which is in the eye of the storm after a major mass copying scam.The Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) announced recently had withheld the result of 2,168 students who appeared for the exam from Jamkandorna. The centre whose result has been withheld because of ongoing investigations related to mass copying had posted over 90% result in previous years.Officials said that the result of 166 student was declared by the board after they found that the students had not taken statistics subject. It was during the checking of statistic subject answer sheets that the GSHSEB found incidents of mass copying.It was later decided to cancel the examination of all the students who took the examination from the centre. Officials further said the board had also decided to again take the examination of the students. the examination will be conducted again from Rajkot be-tween July 12 and 14. The student will have to appear from the examination from Rajkot instead of Jamkandorna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14145743", "title": "PSI suspended for accepting bribe of Rs 50,000", "text": "Surat: A probationary police sub inspector posted at Umra police station was arrested by police following a compliant of corruption lodged by his senior. The PSI, J H Devda, had allegedly accepted bribe of Rs 50,000 from a bootlegger for not arresting him.In the incident, assistant commissioner of police, E division, Vidhi Chaudhary, came to know that accused PSI, J H Devda had accepted Rs 50,000 from a bootlegger for not arresting him. Devda was in squad of the ACP and she came to know about the corruption following which she approached the city police commissioner Rakesh Asthana who ordered an inquiry in the incident by deputy commissioner of police.In the departmental inquiry it was found that Devda had accepted the bribe from the bootlegger Naniyo Patel for not arresting him in bootlegging charges on Saturday. The ACP got information about the deal on following day after which she alerted the police commissioner demanded strict actions.Senior police officials have been asked to form squads and visit various locations in the city to control crime. As part of the exercise ACP Chaudhary had included the newly recruited PSI Devda in her squad, who was found responsible for corruption. Devda was posted in the city after his recruitment three months before.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14149160", "title": "Report card of police out, Varanasi, Jaunpur cops perform well", "text": "VARANASI: After the introduction of the `grade system' in the Varanasi Zone police to evaluate the performance gazetted police officers up to additional superintendent of police rank, the first report card of the Varanasi range cops is out. As the director general of police office has also sought this format, it is considered that the same pattern can be introduced in other zones of the state police.As per this report card, the performance of officials posted in Varanasi city and Jaunpur has been found satisfactory while the Gahzipur cops have emerged as the worst performers.Disclosing this result on Thursday, DIG (Range) A Satish Ganesh said that ASPs and deputy SPs posted as SP City, SP Rural and circle officers had been given a format to provide details on points like crime scene of past month, including murder, loot, robbery, theft, rape, kidnapping, vehicle lifting, chain snatching and others.Apart from it, he said, the actions initiated like booking criminals under Gangster Act, Goonda Act, NSA, workout and disposal of pending cases, total number of arresting had also to be mentioned in it. The details of exercises like checking of crime registers, orderly rooms, parade, checking of control room, offices, public grievance hearing and its disposal and works done of traffic regulation front had also been sought on the same format. He said that this exercise to evaluate the performance of cops was done on the line of appraisal.This exercise was completed before the recent visit of director general of police and principal secretary home and the result was also produced before them. The DIG said that A grade was fixed for outstanding performers but no official in range could succeed in getting this grade. The B grade was fixed for satisfactory performance while C grade was given for dissatisfactory performance. In Varanasi district, apart from SP City, SP Rural, and one ASP, he said, four circle officers got B grade for their performances while COs of Chetganj, Badagaon and Sadar circles obtained C grade.After Varanasi, the performance of Jaunpur cops was found satisfactory where apart from ASP City and ASP Rural three circle officers got B grade while the COs of Sadar, Maniyahu and Machhalishehar got C grade. An ASP and one CO of Chandauli got B grade while the COs of Sakaldiha and Chakia circle got C grade.The Ghazipur cops are among the worst performers as apart from ASP City and ASP Rural, the COs of Kasimabad and Jamania have got C grade while only two COs of Saidpur and Mohammadabad have succeeded in getting B grade.The DIG made it very clear that this evaluation, which is aimed at ensuring improvement in law and order and also the policing to put an effective check on the menace of criminals, would be done on monthly basis.This is a clear hint for the cops that they would have to perform to enjoy prized postings as the DGP had already ordered to detect non-performers to remove them for a desired improvement in law and order in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14143646", "title": "Presidential poll: Nitish Kumar to meet Abdul Kalam over lunch, Mamata calls Bihar CM to seek support", "text": "PATNA: Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee has reached out to Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar seeking his support for A P J Abdul Kalam as the next President, according to Times Now.According to TV reports, Mamata called up Nitish Kumar and urged him to support Kalam.Nitish Kumar will be meeting Abdul Kalam over lunch later on Friday.Kalam who is in Patna on a scheduled visit was welcomed on Thursday by Nitish Kumar at the airport.Kumar's receiving Kalam at the airport assumes significance in the backdrop of TMC and SP rooting for his candidature for the post of President. (With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "14144810", "title": "Sirsa villagers' say no to paying bills till power restored", "text": "SIRSA: Irked over the severe power crisis for the past 20 days, residents of three villages - Nanuana, Ottu and Dhukra - have decided not to pay their electricity bills till uninterrupted supply is restored.Rajender Kumar of Nanuana village announced their new slogan: \"No electricity, no bills\" and rued: \"We receive power for mere two to three hours.\"Agitated over the issue, a villager said, \"The officials sit in their airconditioned offices and get a 24hour supply. Who will address our grievances?\"In the meantime, superintending engineer of Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam S K Jain said they would talk to the villagers and ask them to deposit bills or face disconnection. He, however, assured of a proper supply to the urban areas and villages soon. \"Power crisis is all over the state. Some technical faults add to the troubles.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14140577", "title": "\u2018Newsmen\u2019 tried to fleece MLAs, held", "text": "NEW DELHI: An impersonator, who allegedly posed as an additional private secretary to a central minister and demanded 'speed money' to assist some MLAs and MPs of the northeastern region in processing and fast tracking their requests for central grants has been arrested along with his aide.The impostor Sanjay Tiwari (35) and his associate Rattandeep Gupta also run two news portals \u2014 www.tiranganews.com and Ujala News. The fraudster has been arrested seven times earlier for similar offences .\"A complaint was received from the additional PS to the minister. It was found that Tiwari was living in Mayur Vihar Phase-I area. A trap was laid and on June 12 and he was nabbed,'' said Sanjay Jain, DCP (crime).Impersonating himself as additional PS to a minister and had called up two MLAs from a northeastern state.\"He demanded 'speed money' to help them to get quicker grants. He first demanded Rs 20,000 but then went on to demand Rs 1 lakh from them. However, the MLAs got suspicious and they made their own enquiries. When they contacted the real additional PS to Minister, they realized that some conman was trying to dupe them,'' said additional DCP (SIT) Joy Tirkey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14142181", "title": "Rs 8.73 lakh looted from finance firm", "text": "PUNE: An unidentified person allegedly looted Rs 8.73 lakh in cash from the office of a private finance firm in Pimpri on Tuesday night.The suspect had used a sharp weapon and a fake pistol to threaten the employees of the firm. Manager of the firm Pradnyawant Shrirang Patode (32) of Pimple Gurav has lodged a complaint with the Pimpri police.The firm is located on the fourth floor of a building on the River Road in Pimpri. At the time of the incident, the manager and three women employees were in the office.Senior police inspector Mohan Vidhate of the Pimpri police station said that the incident took place around 8 pm on Tuesday, when the suspect entered the office of the firm with his face covered with a monkey cap. He was wearing black-coloured clothes. \"The suspect accused the complainant of refusing a loan for his mother,\" Vidhate said.Vidhate said that the suspect then asked Patode to give him the cash collected on Tuesday. The suspect gave him a bag and asked him to deposit the cash in it. \"After Patode complied, the suspect threw the pistol towards him and fled from the office,\" he said. When Patode checked the pistol, he found it to be a fake.Vidhate said that the police have found that there was no security guard or CCTV cameras in the office. \"We have registered a case under section 392 ( robbery) of the Indian Penal Code. We are investigating,\" Vidhate added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14141612", "title": "Industrialists meet minister, seek respite from power cut", "text": "JAIPUR: Upset over the extended power cuts for big industries in the state, representatives from the sector on Thursday met industries minister Rajendra Pareek. They demanded that loadshedding should be evenly imposed on domestic consumers and the industrial ones.Post meeting, the sector received some respite with the state government announcing that the industries would be supplied power from 11 pm on Thursday night to 8 am on Friday morning. This was after the industry was forced to face nearly 80 hours of power cut.The 20-member delegation from the industry, which included representatives from the several industrial areas including Jaipur, Kukas and Bagru, had initially planned to meet power minister Jitendra Singh. However, with the power minister not available, they met Pareek at his official residence.The delegation brought to the notice of the industries minister that the sector was forced to suffer huge losses because of the extended power cuts. The big industries in the state have been subjected to a 100% power cut since Monday evening.\"The sector is facing a minimum of Rs 500 crore losses per day and the losses are not just restricted to the industry. The state governmenttooislosing outon revenue,'' said Ghanshyam Kanoongo, general secretary, Rajasthan Steel Chambers. The minister assured the delegation that their grievances would be discussed with the power minister and the chief minister.Vinod Gupta of United Councilof Rajasthan Industries (UCRI) said that it was unfair that the industry alone had to heavily bear the brunt of the on-going crisis. \"One can understand that the state is facing a severe power crisis but why such lengthy cuts only for the industries ?Everybody including domestic consumers should face the same hours of power cuts, the load shedding should be equally divided among all users,'' said Gupta.The state is facing a severe power shortage with a drop in the domestic production and the high demand in the northern region, which has made it impossible for the state to over draw from the Northern Grid. While the demand for power is around 1500 lakh units, the availability is about 1250 lakh units.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14141192", "title": "Punjab and Haryana high court gets four new judges", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Four newly appointed judges of the Punjab and Haryana high court will take the oath of office and secrecy on Friday morning. Their warrants of appointment from the office of President reached here on Thursday.The new judges -- R P Nagrath, Satpal Banger, Rekha Mittal and Inderjeet Singh -- have been elevated as high court judge on promotion.Prior to their elevation, Nagrath was working as registrar general of the high court, while Mittal and Inderjeet worked in the capacity of district and sessions judge in Punjab.However, Banger had retired in March this year, because of delay in the clearance of these names from the Union government. Now, as per the warrant, Banger will remain high court judge till February 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14151655", "title": "Fourteen-day jail remand for Pinki Pramanik", "text": "KOLKATA: Former Asian Games gold medallist quarter-miler Pinki Pramanik, who was arrested on rape charges after being accused of being a male, was on Friday remanded to 14 days judicial custody.The Eastern Railway athlete, who was a part of the Indian 4x400m women's relay team, was on Friday produced at the sub-divisional judicial magistrate's court that instructed the chief medical health officer to conduct gender verification test.Dr Sukanta Sil at the CMHO said that he was awaiting the order and would conduct the tests after that.Pramanik's bail plea was also rejected as she would now undergo fresh gender verification test by the government hospital.The former middle-distance runner, who retired from the international scene after the 2006 Doha Asian Games, was found to be a male in the test reports at a private nursing home on Thursday.\"The reports conducted by us show that Pramanik is a male,\" Subrata Mukherjee of Uma Nursing Home, where the test was conducted, told media.Pramanik was arrested from Baguiati flat after the athlete's live-in partner, a divorcee and a mother of one, in her complaint alleged that Pramanik had been repeatedly raping and torturing her for several months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14150792", "title": "Electioneering hits full throttle in Yeshwant Club", "text": "INDORE: The campaigning for the election to the Yeshwant Club in the city is hotting up with the candidates in the fray are aggressively wooing the voters to muster their support. The candidates of the two panels have roped in breakfast and dinner parties to have a face-to-face meeting with the 4,000-strong club members separately. The election to the club is scheduled to be held on June 24.Says Paramjit Singh Chhabra (Pummy), who is the incumbent chairman of the club and seeking a second term, \"The idea behind holding such parties was to share your views and read the mind of the voter members about the club's development. Also, I want to take a feedback from the members and know their aspirations.\"However, Bholu Mehta, the leader of the rival panel, explains it in a different way. \"It gives an opportunity for the members to come at one place. They are free to ask any question regarding my panel and they will be duly replied.\"Pummy's panel is hosting tea party for the members on the club premises on June 17 morning, whereas Mehta has organised high tea in the afternoon on June 20 at the same venue.On the last date of nomination, which ended on June 12, two candidates filed their nominations. While Sanjay Gorani filed the nomination on behalf of Bholu Mehta panel, Sandeep Thakur is contesting as an independent candidate seeking a berth in the managing committee. Gorani's nomination is being seen as a standby candidate for the Mehta panel in case any hurdle comes on the way of the panel's candidate for secretary's post, Sunil Bajaj.Meanwhile, the club's managing body installed radio frequency identification device (RFID) card for its members. The idea was to ensure strict adherence to the constitution of the club in terms of request entry and restrict it accordingly. This is a new concept being introduced at Yeshwant Club as most of the MNCs are using it. Later on, RFID cards can be used as plastic money for cash free transaction in the club, says the manifesto of the Pummy panel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14152498", "title": "Bangalore based \"rowdy sheeter\" loses appeal , division bench upholds", "text": "BANGALORE: He was accused of gate crashing into Star hotels and demanding free food and liquor. The city police who have booked number of cases , have put his name in the rowdy list.The single bench dismissed his plea challenging the the action of the police .The division bench upheld the said decision.\" The appellant has not shown any details about his income so as to support the high profile lifestyle.We feel there is no infirmity in the order passed by the single bench \" the division bench headed Chief Justice observed while rejecting the writ appeal filed by one R G Somashekar Gowda, a resident of Rajajinagar.On February 2, the single bench had dismissed his petition by holding that a person in the rowdy sheeter list liable to watched by the police in the interest of public peace and tranquility.While upholding the action of city police commissioner in continuing a person in the rowdy sheeter list, the court had further observed that inclusion of a person in rowdy sheeter list would not restrict movements or intrude into his privacy and but would only enable the police to locate him.\"It is clear from the materials, the petitioner has been habitually intimidating law abiding citizens by acts of violence or by show of force or by abusive language and his actions have been disorderly throughout..His conduct and antecedents reveal a tendency to act in a manner prejudicial to public order and safety.Therefore , the police have to keep a close watch on his movements to locate him and gather information as to his activities and his associates with a view to maintain public peace and tranquility .Taking all into consideration the Bangalore city police commissioner had rightly rejected his representation seeking for removing his name \" the single bench had observed earlierSomashekar Gowda had challenged the April 4,2009 order issued by city police commissioner authorizing High grounds police inspector to continue his name in the rowdies register as per Karnataka Police Manual,1998.The police told the court that Somashekar Gowda was in the habit of demanding free food and liquor from various three and five star hotels .On refusal he used to threaten and indulge in unruly behaviour.They filed statement highlighting some of them January 20,2007.- Le Meridian -Gowda had assaulted one Nutan Hegde, a Bar Manager hailing from Athani for failing to provide him free liquor and food at the on March 3,2007 at about 10 pm-Gowda assaulted security Guard at Hotel Grand Ashoka for refusing free entry and also threatened him of dire consequences.April 14,2007 at 10.45 pm , Gowda entered the Hotel Taj West End and destroyed tables, chairs and electric lamps and threatened the security guard if any complaint is lodged against him. January 7,2008 -Gowda threatened officials of Hotel Grand Ashoka who asked him to shift his car which was parked in no parking area. February 14, 2008 at about 11.30 pm ,Gowda is said to have parked his car at the gate of Hotel Windsor Manor and threatened the guards and officials who asked to him to take out his car.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14151794", "title": "No petrol price cut today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Belying expectations, petrol prices will not be cut today despite there being a scope for reducing the rates by up to Rs 1.60 a litre. State-run oil companies, as per practice, were to revise petrol price today based on the average international oil price and rupee-dollar exchange rate in the previous fortnight.\"I do not think there is any news today,\" a top official at one of the oil marketing companies said. No reason was assigned for skipping the fortnightly revision, but sources linked the decision to the absence of Oil Minister S Jaipal Reddy in the capital. Reddy is Vienna attending the OPEC Ministerial meeting and is likely to return tomorrow. RS Butola, chairman of Indian Oil Corporation Ltd (IOC), the company which spearheads revision in rates of petrol, too is travelling with Reddy.Oil firms informally consult their parent ministry before revising prices. Indian Oil, Hindustan Petroleum and Bharat Petroleum had over the past one week indicated of a scope of reducing rates from June 1. Oil firms had last cut petrol rats by Rs 2.02 a litre with effect from June 3 in a partial rollback of the steep Rs 7.54 per litre hike effected last month. Petrol at present costs Rs 71.16 a litre in Delhi. Sources said the last revision in rates was done keeping the average of USD 115.77 per barrel average rate of gasoline, against which domestic petrol prices are benchmarked.Gasoline rates have since fallen to about USD 109 per barrel. But rupee-dollar rate has worsened to Rs 55.50 as against Rs 54.96 at the time of last revision. This give a scope for cutting rates by up to Re 1.60 a litre (excluding local sales tax).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14136810", "title": "Presidential polls: Allies\u2019 plan for PM stuns Sonia", "text": "NEW DELHI: Trinamool Congress leader Mamata Banerjee told Sonia Gandhi with \"folded hands\" that finance minister Pranab Mukherjee would not be acceptable to her. She had reservations about Vice-president Hamid Ansari too.Sources said Mamata was upfront about explaining why Mukherjee would not work for Trinamool and thereafter put forward the name of former president A P J Kalam. When Sonia demurred, Mamata argued that the missile man should not be seen as a BJP prospect as he had been supported by several parties in 2002.Mamata also proposed the name of former Lok Sabha Speaker Somnath Chatterjee , but it was her advocacy of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh that flustered Sonia who immediately said this was hardly possible and laughed in an embarrassed manner.This version of events is challenged by Congress sources, who insisted that Mamata did not bring up Singh's name in her meeting with Sonia on Wednesday. The sources said the Congress president was surprised to see the PM's name being brought up by Mamata and SP leader Mulayam Singh Yadav .Congress leaders said Sonia had made it clear that no name was final and also said that Chatterjee and Kalam have not figured in the discussions she had with UPA partners and supporters. The broad consensus seemed to settle on either Mukherjee or Ansari, she is believed to have told Mamata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14144030", "title": "Fatorda MLA holds plastic-free drive", "text": "Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai embarked on a 'plastic-free Fatorda' drive on Thursday. Along with volunteers, he met shopkeepers, traders and the general public at the KTC bus stand and SGPDA market spreading awareness of the negative effects of plastic.Sardesai, who also launched a tree planting drive, blood donation camp and a 24-hour helpline for Fatorda residents has set August 15 as a tentative date to make Fatorda 'plastic-free' and expressed confidence that the government would support his initiative. On Thursday morning, to commemorate World Blood Donors Day, a blood donation drive was held and the names of the blood donors were enrolled in a directory to be maintained by Sardesai's trust. Later, along with the parish priest of Our Lady of Rosary Church, Fatorda, Sardesai launched the tree plantation drive at the SGPDA market.Nursing course at Bambolim: The prospectus for ANM nursing course for the year 2012-13 will be available at the office of the principal, Institute of Nursing Education, near Holy Cross Shrine, Bambolim during office hours from June 15. Details can be obtained from the website . The last date for submission of complete application forms along with testimonials is July 2. The course is open only to women.POWER SHUTDOWNMapusa (June 16): Between 9am and 5pm. Areas to be affected are Comunidade Ghor, old market, Angod, Cine Alankar, Gomes Catao Complex, Kalangutkar Hospital, Olavo Hospital, Axis Bank , Anandvan Building, Anjuman Building and vicinity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14145202", "title": "Auto mangled in crash with cop truck", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An accident involving a police truck and an autorickshaw took place near Koba Circle on the Ahmedabad-Gandhinagar state highway on Thursday morning. The autorickshaw was reduced to a skeletal mangle by the impact. Luckily, the autorickshaw driver sustained only minor injuries.The spot is notorious for accidents. This is the ninth accident over the past one-and-a-half years. The spot is an intersection that residents from nearby villages use to cross over to the road to move towards Ahmedabad or Gandhinagar.\"Thick foliage on the divider obstructs vision and one cannot see the oncoming traffic,\" said Bhudesh Maharaj, a local vendor. \"Residents do manage to cross a part of the road and wait at the intersection to proceed when the coast is clear. But often, small vehicles fail to see the oncoming traffic and take that fatal turn. This intersection needs to be closed for safety.\" Local police told TOI that the autorickshaw was not carrying any passengers.\"The police vehicle failed to see the autorickshaw which stood right at the intersection,\" said a senior police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "sasaram", "code": "14144987", "title": "Special team sent to arrest ex-BJP chief", "text": "SASARAM: A special team has been sent to Patna to arrest former president of state BJP Gopal Narayan Singh in connection with illegal mining and possession of explosives from Kaimur hills on February 26 this year. SP Rohtas Manu Maharaj confirmed this and said the team had to be formed when Singh went into hiding to evade arrest.It is learnt that after rejection of anticipatory bail petition of Singh by the district and sessions judge, Rohtas, in April this year, the police swung into action and procured an arrest warrant against him. Sources said on February 26 last, three separate criminal cases against 56 persons, including former state BJP president were lodged for a murderous attack on police party led by the Rohtas SP, illegal mining in Kaimur hills and recovery of explosives. In all the three cases, government employees including the SHO of Muffasil police station were complainant .Sources said agreeing with the supervision report of DSP Sasaram V Dayal, who found the allegations against all 56 accused including senior BJP leader true, the SP in his report passed an order for arresting the absconding accused immediately. In these cases, only labourers were arrested on the spot on the same day. But even after four months, out of the six kingpins, not a single accused has been arrested so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14152081", "title": "Single blood test to detect 100 genetic disorders", "text": "MUMBAI: In what can be called a boon for families with history of genetic disorders, a city lab has recently introduced a single blood test to test over 100 genetic disorders and 500 mutations that a child could be born with. Though few public institutions are offering the test for some of the disorders, the lab claims they are the first to offer such comprehensive test.Super Religare Laboratories (SRL) recently introduced the Universal Genetic Test (UGT). The test, developed by scientists from Stanford, Harvard and MIT, is already a widely accepted one abroad. Explaining the technology Dr BR Das, president - Research and Innovation at SRL said, \"The technology in this test scans through a combination of serious and disabling genetic disorders such as SMA, sickle cell anaemia, Beta Thalassemia, along with less serious but equally important metabolic genetic disorders \".Das also said that as compared to infectious diseases or cancer the magnitude of genetic disorders is relatively low even though they need equal attention due to their serious health implications. \"The worst genetic disorders are life threatening and incurable,\" he said. Globally, about 5% of children are estimated to be born with congenital or genetic disorders, and certain communities back home, have been found to be predisposed to some of the disorders. The test would be offered to couples willing to go for it before wedding, before conception after wedding and after conception.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "helsinki/new delhi", "code": "14143562", "title": "Nokia job cuts not to affect India operations", "text": "HELSINKI/NEW DELHI: Finnish mobile handset maker Nokia on Thursday said it will cut 10,000 jobs globally by the end of 2013 but its Indian operations are unlikely to see any \"significant impact\".Nokia also announced closure of its facilities in Ulm in Germany and Burnaby in Canada as part of its planned measures to rescale the company by making additional reductions in devices and services.\"Today's planned changes will impact Nokia employees throughout our operations globally. While we anticipate impact at other sites, we don't see significant impact on India operations. Having said that, we have no specifics to provide at this stage,\" a Nokia India spokesperson said.As of March 31, 2012, Nokia employed 1,22,148 people. Of these, 68,595 were employed by Nokia Siemens Networks , a joint venture between Nokia and Siemens. The handset manufacturer in a statement stated that it will further consolidate manufacturing operations and close a facility in Salo, Finland . However, R&D; development in Salo will continue.\"These planned reductions are a difficult consequence of the intended actions we believe we must take to ensure Nokia's long-term competitive strength,\" Nokia president and CEO Stephen Elop said in the statement.Along with the planned measures, Nokia also announced changes in senior management following the resignation of three officials, including Chief Marketing Officer Jerri DeVard.Chris Weber, who was senior VP Markets for Americas at Nokia, has been appointed as Executive Vice President (EVP) of sales and marketing, while Tuula Rytila, senior VP of portfolio and business management, has been appointed as the CMO. Rytila will report to Weber.The company announced the appointment of Juha Putkiranta as EVP Operations; Timo Toikkanen as EVP of Mobile Phones and Susan Sheehan as Senior Vice President of Communications. The new leadership team of Nokia will be in place from July 1, 2012, the statement said.Elop said the company will provide support to those employees who are at risk of losing their jobs. \"As a company we will work tirelessly to ensure that those at risk are offered the support, options and advice necessary to find new opportunities,\" Elop said.Nokia said it will make reduction in portfolio related to non-core assets, including possible divestments. Taking into account these planned measures, Nokia now targets to reduce its devices and services' operating expenses to an annualised run rate of approximately 3 billion euro by the end of 2013.\"In addition to the already achieved annualised run rate saving of approximately 700 million euro at the end of first quarter 2012, the company targets to implement approximately 1.6 billion euro of additional cost reductions by the end of 2013,\" the company statement said.In line with this, Nokia today announced plans to divest its luxury mobile phones business, Vertu to an European private equity firm EQT VI. The company said the cost reduction measures are designed to return its devices and services business to sustainable operating profitability as soon as possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "hmedabad", "code": "14151207", "title": "CM visits a school in Mautanda in Bhiloda", "text": "HMEDABAD: Mautanda in Bhiloda had a surprise guest. Chief Minister Narendra Modi , had on Thursday visited the school as a part of the shalal praveshotsav programme.He visited remote forested areas of Sabarkantha district, covering schools and anganwadis (playgroup nurseries) at Mautanda in Bhiloda taluka and at Dantod village in Vijaynagar taluka.Modi even distributed books, educational kits, gifts and toys to freshly admitted students. He welcomed the newly enrolled children with fruits and sweets. 'As a part of the Kanya Kelavani Abhiyan, he felicitated girls who were admitted to the school and gave then a bond of Rs 2,000.The Chief Minister also held a meeting with the parents of the stu-dents and asked them to ensure that the girls studied. He even asked the parents to take oath to ensure that they would make their girls study. Addressing the parents, he said that the the state government wants to give all facilities to students especially the girls. He said that each school should enthusiastically take part in the taluka-wise competition for the 'Best A-Grade School'. The state government has already ensured schools have adequate classrooms and minimum basic amenities like drinking water and toilets.The three day campaign began from Thursday, while the similar statewide campaign for schools in the urban areas will be held be-tween June 28 ad 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14145329", "title": "Assam HSLC exam results declared", "text": "NEW DELHI: Board of Secondary Education, Assam (Seba) on Friday declared the results of the High School Leaving Certificate examination ( HSLC) and Assam High Madrassa (AHM) examination.Students can check their results by selecting their stream and entering their respective rolls and numbers on its official website http://www.sebahslc.com/ .This year, the matric examination went through a lot of controversies, one being distribution of wrong set of question papers of general science due to which the exam had to be rescheduled. Besides, some answersheets were devoured by cows at an evaluation centre in Goalpara, owing to which the result is being declared even late than last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14150134", "title": "P Kashyap reaches semifinals of Indonesian Open", "text": "NEW DELHI: Commonwealth Games bronze-medallist shuttler P Kashyap continued his rampaging run and notched up a straight-game victory over Hans-Kristian Vittinghus of Denmark to enter the semifinals of the Indonesia Super Series Premier in Jakarta Friday.World number 26 Kashyap, who had stunned top seed Chen Long to reach the quarterfinals on Thursday, saw off Vittinghus -- ranked 16 -- 21-15 21-14 in a 39-minute men's singles match.Kashyap will next take on seventh seed Indonesian Simon Santoso in the semifinals on Saturday. Santoso beat compatriot Dionysius Hayom Rumbaka 21-17 21-7 in another match.The 25-year-old from Hyderabad, who qualified for the London Olympics during the India Open Super Series in New Delhi, matched his rival at the fore court and used his sharp smashes to tame Vittinghus.Kashyap took early initiative and moved to a 10-6 lead. Vittinghus narrowed down the gap a couple of times but the Indian, with his 17 smash winners, was too good for the Dane.In the second game, the duo fought tooth and nail till 9-9, before Kashyap once again moved ahead and held fort to earn his place at the semifinals.\"It was not an easy match. I was finding it difficult to control the shuttle. In Asia, especially in Indonesia and Singapore, the drift plays a role and I am happy I played well overall today,\" Kashyap said.\"I scored off my pushes and net play. My strokes were coming good. I didn't commit errors and I was putting pressure on him at the net and my drops and smashes were sharp,\" he added.Asked about his next match, Kashyap said: \"I am just happy to win today. I haven't thought about tomorrow's match. I will talk to Gopi sir and prepare accordingly. I had played against him in Thomas Cup this year and hope to play well tomorrow.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14141522", "title": "2 held for threatening MP\u2019s spouse", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two people have been arrested for threatening and abusing the husband of a Rajya Sabha MP. Ankit Panwar (22), the owner of call centre at Dabri, and his employee Lalit Gupta (19) would pose as senior police officers and advocates and threatened victims with court action.\"According to the complainant from Rakabganj, the accused identified himself as a cop and threatened him that a warrant will be issued against him if he does not clear his mobile dues. The accused also told the complainant to contact an advocate for immediate payment of money,'' said DCP (crime) Sanjay Bhatia.The numbers used to threaten the victim were obtained on forged documents in order to avoid identification, police said. The accused ran a debt recovery agency in Dabri area of Delhi.A raid was conducted and they were nabbed on Wednesday.\"To recover the money, the accused would threaten customer by posing as cops and pressurize them with court action incase they failed to clear the debt. Fourteen cellphones with SIM cards have been seized from them, along with several other incriminating documents,'' said DCP Bhatia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14141586", "title": "WikiLeaks Julian Assange's plea fails, extradition looms large", "text": "LONDON: WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has lost his final bid to block his extradition to Sweden to face sex offence charges after the British supreme Court on Thursday dismissed his appeal to re-open the highprofile case.The court also ruled that Assange, 40, should not be extradited until 14 days from Thursday's judgement , that is, until June 28.The hacker-turned-activist , Assange, an Australian national, has been on conditional bail and is sought to be extradited to Sweden to face allegation of sex offences, which he denies. His lawyers had argued before the SC that the European arrest warrant against the founder of whistleblowing website WikiLeaks was \"invalid\".On May 30, when the court ruled that the request for extradition had been lawfully made, Assange's lawyer Dinah Rose, had sought two weeks to decide whether to ask the court to reopen the case, which surprised legal observers. The SC noted that appeal to reopen the case was made on grounds that the majority of the court decided the appeal on a ground that Dinah Rose, Assange's counsel, had not been given a fair opportunity to address.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14152386", "title": "Experts speak on internal reservation for SCs", "text": "BANGALORE: Constitutional expert and former chairman of the Permanent Backward Classes Prof Ravi Verma Kumar has welcomed Justice A J Sadashiva Commission report on internal reservation for Scheduled Castes.The history of categorization of some castes as SC began with the Government of India Act, 1935. In Karnataka, 101 sub-castes are grouped under the SC category. People under the SC category are entitled for 15% reservation.Now, Justice A J Sadashiva has recommended 5% for Right Wing, 6% for Left Wing and 4% for the remaining 99 communities under the SC bracket. Of the 4%, 3% is for 'touchables' and the remaining 1% for the rest.Prof Ravi Verma Kumar said: Justice Sadashiva Commission has done a fantastic work. The extensive survey done is laudable and the classification scientific and valid. It has made equitable distribution of available opportunity taking into account the socio-education progress made by different communities. Meanwhile, I feel the report should have included two more aspects. If a post or a seat earmarked for a sub-caste of SC in a government department or educational institution is not filled due to the want of a qualified candidate, it should not go waste. There should be a provision for the other sub-castes in the SC to avail the opportunity. Second, the roaster should have been designed to distribute opportunities.'''However, C S Dwarakanath, former chairman of the Karnataka Backward Classes Commission, feels an informed opinion can be formed only after reading the entire report. Dwarakanath said: What is the basis for the classification and what are the indicators considered and criteria adopted? According to the recommendation, the Right and the Left get 11%, while the remaining 99 communities get only 4%. There are more than 40 nomadic tribes. What is their status? What about the untouchables among the SCs?''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14120360", "title": "Assam HSLC results to be declared today", "text": "GUWAHATI: The office of the Board of Secondary Education, Assam (Seba), is abuzz with activities as all the officials are busy with last-minute preparations for the much awaited results of the High School Leaving Certificate examination ( HSLC) and Assam High Madrassa (AHM) examination, which would be declared today.This year, the matric examination went through a lot of controversies, one being distribution of wrong set of question papers of general science due to which the exam had to be rescheduled. Besides, some answersheets were devoured by cows at an evaluation centre in Goalpara, owing to which the result is being declared even late than last year.At the Seba office, almost all officials started dispatching the results to different centres since Tuesday and by Thursday, all result sheets would be despatched in all the 51 zones. To ensure that the work is done on time, all the officials are working even on the holidays, Seba officials said.Basanta Das, secretary of Seba, added, \"Work is in its final phase now and we are working till 9 pm every day and even on holidays. Since there were some goof-ups this time, we have to be extra cautious.\"He added, \"Last year, the results were declared on May 27. But this time, it had to be delayed. So, now we are ensuring that no further errors take place and in every zone, the results are declared before 12pm on Friday.\"Another official, who was busy with the listing, said, \"Result time is always rush time and we are working even on Sundays. So taking leave is out of question. All departments have been assigned different work.'He added, \"We don't mind the hard work as the board conducts only one exam in a year. Before the exam, it was the students who worked hard. After the exams, we have to give our best to ensure that all students get their fruits of hard labour.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14149226", "title": "Girish Koushik to participate in Asian Chess Championship", "text": "BANGALORE: Mysorean Girish Koushik, one of Karnataka's rising stars in chess, will participate in the Asian U-16 championship in Sri Lanka later this month, but the tournament could probably be the youngster's final international event this year as financial constraints have meant that life has become increasingly tough for the former world champion.Earlier this month, 15-year-old Girish had said he had decided to slowly shift his focus away from the 64 squares to concentrate on academics thanks to a lack of financial support from the government and the absence of a steady sponsor.\"We still don't have a sponsor, but it is a prestigious event and it would be unfortunate for him to miss out on it,\" Girish's father Arun Kumar told TOI on Friday. \"This is perhaps the only international event this year for the lad,\" he added. Girish will travel to Chennai on June 23 before departing for Sri Lanka the following day.The class 10 student of St Thomas High School, who won the World Youth U-10 chess title in 2006, has accepted his bad luck and settled for life's rat race instead, hoping to someday continue his pursuit of chess greatness after becoming a software engineer.\"My achievements speak for themselves. It's just bad luck for me. Had I been given better support I would surely have been a Grandmaster now. Now, I'm not sure whether it will be of any use even if I do get anything,\" Girish, striving to achieve two more norms to become a GM, had told TOI in a previous interview.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14154014", "title": "Olympic-bound Saina Nehwal, P Kashyap reach semifinals of Indonesian Open", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two-time champion Saina Nehwal recorded her third win over world no. 4, Shixian Wang of China in a gruelling three-game match to make the semifinals, while P Kashyap also continued his rampaging run to enter the last four stage of the Indonesian Super Series in Jakarta on Friday.In a marathon battle that lasted an energy-sapping one hour and 37 minutes, world no. 5 Saina saw off Shixian 21-17 21-23 21-19 in the women's singles at the Istora Gelora Bung Karno Stadium to inch closer to her third title.She will meet world no. 10 Korean, Ji Hyun Sung, who she had beaten thrice before, on Saturday.Earlier in the day, Kashyap cruised into the semifinals with a 21-15 21-14 victory over Hans-Kristian Vittinghus of Denmark in the men's singles competition. He will next take on seventh seed Simon Santoso of Indonesia.In a see-saw battle, Saina and Shixian both found it difficult to control the shuttle as drift played a role. Both succumbed to a lot of unforced errors before Saina got back her bearing and went into the break at 11-10.After the break, the smashes were out of the closet and both treaded points to move neck and neck till 16-16. But Saina kept her patience and went into the lead by pushing the shuttle at the back court.She played a wonderful drop, to which Shixian had no answer. The Chinese hit the shuttle out and found the net a couple of times to award the game point to Saina.Shixian saved a game point before Saina pocketed the game with a cross court smash after a long long rally.In the second game, Saina pushed her opponent to the limits and opened up a 8-4 lead.The fitness of both the players were tested to the brink but with Shixian's game crumbling, Saina went into the break at 11-6 and then led 17-13.There was very little margin for error but Saina committed some unforced errors to allow Shixian narrow the gap. But with the Chinese finding the net, Saina got a three-match point cushion.However, an aggressive net play by Shixian, and a ghastly error in judgement and a lose shot by Saina allowed the Chinese to not only save three match points but also grab the lead at 22-21 and eventually bounce back into the contest, even as the Indian faltering at the net once again.Saina started the decider positively and was leading 5-4 when there was a brief interruption due to leakage in the stadium roof allowing a few drops of rain to fall on the court.After resumption, Saina took a 10-6 lead. However, Shixian used her drops and half smashes to good use to register five straight points and grab the advantage at 11-10 at the break.After a pep talk by coach Pullela Gopichand, Saina once again started dominating. She constructed some good rallies and tried to change the pace of the game.But Shixian returned the favour equally and put away the lose strokes to move to 15-16.Saina earned a couple of points at the nets to enjoy a three-point cushion but the drift once again came to haunt the Indian as she made another misjudgement.Shixian won a long rally and a wide shot from Saina helped the Chinese to narrow it 19-20.It finally took another mammoth rally for Saina to grab the match point and with Shixian once again hitting wide, Saina burst into celebration as tears of joy rolled down her cheeks.\"It is the longest match of her career and she played well. It was almost 100 minutes. Actually, there was very little to differentiate between the two players. Till the last point it could have been any body's game, so there was no such turning point in the match,\" Gopichand said.\"Probably she had a couple of chances to wrap up the match in the second when she was leading but Shixian fought back. The shuttles were also very quick today. It is good win against a top four player,\" Gopichand further added.Asked about the next match, the coach said: \"Saina has played the Korean and has beaten her. I don't know about her record now. Hopefully it will be a good match tomorrow.\"Earlier, the 25-year-old Kashyap from Hyderabad, who qualified for the London Olympics during the India Open Super Series in New Delhi, matched his rival and used his sharp smashes to tame Vittinghus.Kashyap took early initiative and moved to a 10-6 lead. Vittinghus narrowed down the gap a couple of times but the Indian, with his 17 smash winners, was too good for the Dane.In the second game, the duo fought tooth and nail till 9-9 before Kashyap once again moved ahead and held fort to earn his place at the semi-finals.\"It was not an easy match. I was finding it difficult to control the shuttle. In Asia, especially in Indonesia and Singapore , the drift plays a role and I am happy I played well overall today,\" Kashyap said.\"I scored off my pushes and net play. My strokes were coming good. I didn't commit errors and I was putting pressure on him at the net and my drops and smashes were sharp.\"Asked about his next match, Kashyap said: \"I am just happy to win today. I haven't thought about tomorrow's match. I will talk to Gopi sir and prepare accordingly. I had played against him in Thomas Cup this year and hope to play well tomorrow.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14148712", "title": "MCCIA to hold a seminar on `Law Of TDS\u2019 in Pune", "text": "PUNE: Pune based Mahratta Chamber of Commerce Industries and Agriculture will organise a half day seminar on `Law Of TDS' at Pudumjee Hall, MCCIA, Tilak Road, between 3 pm to 6 pm on June 22.Tax Deducted at Source (TDS) and Tax Collection at Source (TCS) are legal responsibilities any corporate entity. The e-filing has brought ease of operation, at the same time each error or mistake comes to surface.Anant Sardeshmukh, director general MCCIA said that if TDS was not deducted, the underlying expenditure gets disallowed and the company has to shell out tax at 33.99% on it. The Finance Act, 2012 has made important changes in the law. Therefore, adequate knowledge of law and procedure can assist timely and appropriate compliance of obligations. This saves burden of litigation and penalty, he said.The topics that will be covered in the seminar under the session are income tax provisions, procedural aspect of TDS / TCS, case law relating to TDS/TCS, consequences of errors, mistakes and delay and deductions at source under other laws like - MVAT, profession tax, service tax, among others.All executives dealing with tax matters in organization, entrepreneurs, partners, professionals, all students of professional institutes like ICAI, ICSI, ICWA, law, among others, would find this workshop useful.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14151631", "title": "MCD's Ghazipur landfill site project hits a roadblock", "text": "NEW DELHI: The East Delhi Municipal Corporation's ambitious project to reclaim the land at the Ghazipur landfill site has hit a roadblock. With trifurcation of the Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD), the project has been put on hold as the East Delhi Municipal Corporation doesn't have space to dump the processed wasted.As per the original plan, the waste was to be processed at the Narela-Bawana scientific landfill site and the leftover was to be dumped at Jaitpur mines. \"But with trifurcation of the civic agency, we can't dump the waste at Jaitpur. We are going to revise the plan,'' said an official with East Delhi Municipal Corporation.The project was conceived by erstwhile MCD. The aim was to reclaim nearly 1/3 of the 31 acre land in the next three years. Sources say all the three sanitary landfill sites have reach the saturation level. But in the absence of new landfill sites, the corporation is still dumping garbage at the Ghazipur landfill site.In absence of new landfill sites, MCD has been using Ghazipur landfill site beyond its saturation level. \"It is important to start the land reclamation process as we don't have new landfill sites. At present, the total volume of garbage dumped at the site is about 46 lacs metric tonnes. With close to 8000 metric tonne garbage generated everyday in the city, it is important to create space. The entire land will be reclaimed within 10 years. The project will start soon,'' said Annapurna Mishra, Mayor, East Delhi Municipal Corporation.As per the original plan, 2000 tonnes of garbage will be first dried in the sun and then put on a magnetic separator to extract metals, plastics, stones etc. The civic agency has to look for a new site to dump the leftovers. The original cost of the project was Rs 25 crore, but it is likely to increase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14140278", "title": "Court okays cheating case on hotelier", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Thursday dismissed a hotelier's plea against the city government's decision to prosecute his firm for cheating.Justice Vipin Sanghi dismissed the plea of M/s Sunair Hotels Ltd and its two directors, facing criminal case for cheating another firm VLS Finance. HC noted that the screening committee that had earlier recommended withdrawal of the case against the firm acted solely on the basis of advice from the home ministry and the Union home minister didn't even consider the chargesheet filed by police in courts.\"The committee apparently proceeded on the basis that the Ministry of Home Affairs had already examined the case in consultation with the department of legal affairs, law and justice with the approval of the Union home minister. Consequently, the committee made the recommendation for withdrawal from prosecution in these cases,\" the court said.The firm and its directors, Vipul Gupta and Pradeep Dhingra, had moved HC against the Delhi government's decision to go ahead with their prosecution before a magisterial court, despite an earlier recommendation of the screening committee to withdraw the same.VLS Finance had alleged the directors approached it around December 1994 with a proposal to get financed by it a hotel project likely to be set up in Gol Market and CP. They allegedly said they would invest Rs 21 crore but did not make their contribution. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14150563", "title": "Rath security worry for Iskcon", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With just six days to go for the Rath Yatra, functionaries of Iskcon temple in Nayapally area here are worried about security and traffic management.Though preparations for the mega festivity are in full swing, the alleged molestation of a woman television journalist during the 2010 Rath Yatra continues to haunt Iskcon organizers. This apart, the spurt in snatching incidents in the city has put the shrine authorities in a spot of bother too.\"Since the temple is located on the side of NH in the city, crowd management and traffic snarls are major problems we face every year. On Thursday we will convene a meeting with the city police officials seeking their help for a hassle-free Rath Yatra,\" said the Iskcon temple's president Dhruba Das.The meeting will also be attended by Bhubaneswar mayor, representatives of fire services, works and public health division departments. \"This time we will urge the state government to provide us with two ambulances and water tankers,\" Das said.Though the chariot festival is observed at various places in Bhubaneswar, the Iskcon temple's Rath Yatra is the major crowd puller. The shrine authorities expect a footfall of around two lakh pilgrims on June 21.\"Miscreants would try to make the most of the crowded festival. We request the devotees to take adequate precautions to avoid any untoward incident,\" Das said.The alleged molestation of the scribe was the dark side of the 2010 Rath Yatra. Two policemen of India Reserve Battalion (IRB) left the department red-faced by allegedly molesting the woman journalist in the crowd. Police had arrested the two errant cops.\"There is no need to panic. There will be toned-up security arrangement for an incident-free car festival,\" twin city police commissioner Sunil Roy said.As per tradition, the deities of Iskcon temple would be taken out in a boisterous procession to the newly built Gundicha temple in Unit-VIII area.Sources said Rath Yatra will be celebrated with fanfare at 11 other places in Bhubaneswar. \"We have so far received 11 applications from various resident welfare associations seeking security and traffic arrangements,\" a police officer said. Barring a few, almost all organizers are going to use the same chariots used in the previous car festivals.\"All arrangements have been made to the tee. Local youths and children are busy decorating the chariot. This time we have increased our budget and would hire artists to blow conch shells and beat cymbals during the event,\" said Biswajit Pattnaik, general secretary of Niladri Vihar Youth Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14142939", "title": "Subramanian Swamy hopes Abdul Kalam would be President again", "text": "HYDERABAD: Janata Party chief Subramanian Swamy on Thursday said there is a leadership crisis in the country and hoped that APJ Abdul Kalam becomes the President again.\"We have a leadership crisis today. We need a leadership which takes risk and that will happen only when you elect people properly...I expect the next president will be Abdul Kalam,\" he said at a function here.He also said terrorism should be dealt with strongly. \"You have to make a resolve that you will not negotiate with terrorists until they are ready to surrender. This is the fundamental decision you have to make. Retaliation should not be just killing terrorists. That's not enough as new terrorists will come up. We have to find out their objectives and take a tough line. It needs willpower,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14138367", "title": "Accident victim\u2019s kin get Rs 25L relief", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Motor Accident Claims Tribunal (MACT) has awarded a compensation of over Rs 25 lakh to the family members of a 28-year-old man who was mowed down by a truck. His father and brother were also injured in the road mishap.The tribunal directed Cholamandalam MS General Insurance Company Ltd, with which the offending truck was insured, to pay Rs 23,90,600 to the man's wife, his three minor children and parents. It also directed the insurance company to pay Rs 1,23,826 and Rs 22,486 to the victim Subhash's father Bhagwan Singh and brother Ashok. The men were travelling on a motorcycle which was hit by the truck.\"Sufficient material has been placed on record to prove negligence on the part of the erring driver, who was driving the truck rashly,\" MACT presiding officer Nirja Bhatia said.While awarding the compensation, the MACT said Subhash's wife has \"suffered the loss of her husband's as well as the loss of enjoyment and matrimonial bliss on account of being deprived of his company. She may not be able to live a normal life after losing her life partner.\"The accident took place on a February 2011 night when Sriniwas Puri resident Subhash, working as a driver with a tour operator, was coming back to Delhi from Aligarh on his motorcycle along with his father and brother, who were riding pillion. When they reached near Sagar Ratna restaurant on Mathura Road, the truck, which was being driven in a careless manner by the driver, took a sudden left turn and hit the motorcycle dragging it for few metres before it came to a halt.Subhash died on the spot and Bhagwan Singh and Ashok received grievous injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14124782", "title": "Father's influence crucial in childhood", "text": "A father's love contributes as much \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and sometimes more \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to a child's personality development as does a mother's love, say researchersNo one can deny the importance of the contribution of a mother in the development of a child's personality. And often due to this reason, the importance of a father's contribution to the same gets overshadowed. When it comes to the impact of a father's love versus that of a mother, results from more than 500 studies suggest that while children and adults often experience more or less the same level of acceptance or rejection from each parent, the influence of one parent's rejection \u00e2\u20ac\u201d often times the father's \u00e2\u20ac\u201d can be much greater than the other's.So what could be the factors behind these findings? Clinical psychologist Dr Kanan Khatau Chikhal says that around 90 to 95 per cent of adult problems has some origin in their childhood experiences with their parents. This reason however is not for people to blame their parents but to demonstrate the impact of parental styles. And therefore, its no doubt that besides, mothers, fathers too play a key role here.She recounts the case of a 38-year-old female patient who is finding a difficulty in choosing a partner to get married. After counselling, it came to light that the problem somewhat had its roots going back to her childhood. She had a strict, authoritative father who imposed lot of rules at home. As a result, today her perception of marriage is that of, like being in a cage. She fears losing her identity and her freedom. Many a times, repression can lead to passive aggressiveness.Consultant psychiatrist Dr Milan Balakrishnan agrees that the importance of a father's contribution to a child's development sometimes gets over shadowed. He says that traditionally, fathers have always been seen as authoritative and disciplinarians. And if a father tends to be aggressive, a child may be become withdrawn or become a rebel. Also, if a father indulges in domestic violence, it can lead to anxiety disorders in the child.However, on the brighter side, in today's age of working mothers, fathers are making a significant contribution in children's upbringing and personality development unlike earlier times. This is now being seen in urban areas, where fathers more educated and aware about parenting. Also, unlike their rural counterparts, fathers in urban areas are more sensitive and understand the importance of projecting a good, healthy impression on their children.What fathers can do... - Fathers needs to be careful while talking to the mother in a child's presence. If a father constantly runs down the mother, the child grows up with a poor impression. - Fathers should make it a point to appreciate their children at least three to four times a day. This helps to build their self-esteem. - At least have one meal a day with the kids and remember to distance yourself from your phone during that time. - Bathing your kids when they are little will help in bonding with them.\u00e2\u20ac\u201d Dr Kanan Khatau Chikhal, clinical psychologist", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14145804", "title": "Studying languages in DU", "text": "The race for Delhi University undergraduate admissions has started with a huge number of applications. Though most students want to join popular courses like BCom, BSc, economics, English and psychology, there are other options that students can explore as well. At a time when the world is getting smaller and diversity is becoming an important component of the 21st century, employment opportunities in this area are increasing too. In fact, with an increasing demand for various languages in a global world, there are many takers for honours courses in languages.The university, apart from English and Hindi, offers full-time UG programmes in a number of languages, which include German, French, Spanish, Italian, Persian, Arabic, Sanskrit and Punjabi.The department of Germanic and Romance studies, DU, offers a Bachelor's programme in European languages, while individual colleges offer BA(H) in Sanskrit, Punjabi, Persian and Arabic.According to Kusum Agarwal, head, department of Germanic and Romance studies, several students apply to BA (H) courses in German, French, Italian and Spanish, every year. Over the years, there has been an increase in the number of takers for German and French, with growing applicants for Spanish and Italian as well. The department also offers part-time courses in Portuguese and Romanian.\"These languages have a reputation and in today's global world, there is a demand for these in the market. With international trade, the hotel industry, tourism, and new media, a Bachelor's degree in any of the languages is a relevant academic and future career option,\" she says.Students opting for the programme get to study contemporary global culture, the interface of literature, art and the new media. Also, they are exposed to the cultural encounter between India and Europe, postcolonial writing in Europe and the erstwhile colonial world, translation (in particular literary translation), etc. Besides, students have to study a set of concurrent papers like English, history, etc. Further, she explains, \"The usefulness of understanding a language in terms of reading, writing and speaking, varies for each student. For example, a management student who also opts for a course in a language has an edge over other management students. This is because when he or she applies to study in a country and is familiar with the language, it is easier to adapt and avail of the different scholarships.\"Students have many contemporary career options in the areas of translation, writing, teaching, etc, adds Agarwal.Admission to the BA (H) programme in all the four European languages is through an entrance test. The test involves a student's ability to understand logic, grapple with ideas, essay writing, general knowledge and general awareness of world affairs. Of late, there has been growing enthusiasm among students to study Sanskrit, Arabic and Persian. However, students enrolling in BA (H) Sanskrit from this session onwards will be introduced to a revised curriculum with a number of new papers added to the course.Students opting for Sanskrit will now have mathematics, aesthetics, philosophy of language and nomenclature as the new papers in their syllabus under the semester mode.\"Against general conception, Sanskrit is a job-oriented language. It continues to be widely used as a successful language in computers. There is a demand for professionals knowing the language in the West. This is due to the popularity of yoga and ancient Indian medicine, prescribed in scriptures like Charaka Samhita, which are now finding relevance in the foreign world. Over the past few years, many MNCs have offered good profiles and packages to Sanskrit graduates during campus placements,\" says Pankaj Mishra , faculty, department of Sanskrit, St Stephen's College. However, BA (H) courses in Persian and Arabic are offered only in Zakir Husain College.According to M Aslam Parvaiz, principal, Zakir Husain College, both the languages have a good number of takers. However, the response in Arabic is much more than in Persian, since there are about 53 Arab-speaking countries in the world, while Persian is only limited to Iran. \"We receive about 300-400 applications in all for the languages every year. The course content includes study of literature, grammar, contemporary issues, poetry, drama, etc. Many students want to study Arabic so that they can have direct access to original scriptures, which were written in Arabic,\" says Parvaiz. A number of avenues have opened up as a result of increasing trade with the Gulf countries. Students can opt for higher studies or work as interpreters, teachers in Gulf countries, as news readers, with the All India radio, etc.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14144150", "title": "Engineering dropout jumps to death from 4th floor balcony", "text": "BANGALORE: A contrite 23-year-old engineering dropout committed suicide on Thursday by jumping from his fourth-floor flat in Atishi Apartments in JP Nagar 5th Phase, after his parents reprimanded him for hiding the fact that he had given up on his studies.Son of chartered accountant Ramesh, Rakshith R left behind a suicide note in which he profusely apologized to his parents for not going to college and wasting the money given for his studies. He asked his parents to \"forgive\" and \"forget\" him.Rakshith joined BE (electrical and electronic) course at Jain Institute of Engineering in 2007. But he could not clear his second semester subjects to get into the next year.The boy hid this fact from his parents, and for the next three years, continued to claim that he was attending college. He spent most of his time roaming around near his house and stopped going to college.Rakshith's parents learnt about their son's educational status a couple of days ago. They chided him and left for Udupi on Thursday. Rakshith, his sister and brother-in-law stayed back in the flat.After his parents left the house in the morning, Rakshith jumped from the balcony, and died immediately after crashing to the ground. The body was taken to KIMS, where a post-mortem was conducted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14140513", "title": "Farooque Shaikh admitted to Bandra hospital", "text": "MUMBAI: Noted actor Farooque Shaikh (64) was admitted to the Asian Heart Hospital, Bandra, on Wednesday night. Doctors have placed him under observation.He has been observing a hectic shooting schedule involving his film 'Club 60' and the play 'Tumhari Amrita'. The schedule of 'Tumhari Amrita' for Thursday, Friday and Sunday has been cancelled. In a phone message, Shaikh attributed his indisposition to a \"severe viral infection\" and said he \"greatly regretted the cancellation\". Hospital sources said he was not in danger. But sense of humour remains intact. Co-actor Shabana Azmi texted him a dialogue from the play: \"I would have met you anyway. Why did you do this to yourself?\" By way of reply he quoted Ghalib, saying, \"Khushi se mar na jaate agar aitbaar hota (Would I not die of happiness had I believed you).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14141851", "title": "Civic body pays inflated bills in spite of recurring scams", "text": "MUMBAI: Overpaying suppliers seems to have become a norm at the civic body. Ir respective of the article being bought\u2014whether safety belts or sophisticated MRI machines\u2014it is ever ready to indulge inflated purchase bills, reflecting a deep malaise. In the last few years, several scams have been unearthed where bidders either quoted high figures to the civic body's acquiescence or first quoted low figures only to inflate them later.Last year, in August, the corporation was left redfaced after a probe revealed that a supplier sold it thousands of security waist belts at a price several times higher than what was charged from the Mumbai police. The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation bought 1,642 multifunctional belts at Rs 10,743 each from the Mumbai based supplier in September 2009. A few months later, the same supplier sold 50,000 belts to the city's police at Rs 1,980 apiece.This year, the civic body's standing committee passed tenders worth Rs 182 crore for buying 26 items to be dis tributed for free in civic schools. According to many corporators, the BMC is pay ing at least Rs 16 crore in ex cess to the contractors; and if the retail price of all 26 items is considered, the extra amount may be much higher The civic body, as per the tenders, will pay around Rs 40 crore for school uniforms for boys from junior kindergar ten to class 10. But when cor porators made enquiries with city retailers, they found that school uniforms with similar cloth material could be made for Rs 25 crore\"This (Inflated bills) has become a common practice in the civic body. There have been several cases like the MRI scam in the past,\" said former corporator and NCP leader Ravindra Pawar. \"Lit tle has been done, though, to plug the holes. Manipulation while procuring equipment is rampant in the civic body.\"Apart from inflated pur chase bills, two other fac tors\u2014outstanding bills and variations in project costsare the biggest reasons for most of the financial mismanagement in the BMC. The modus operandi employed is simple. The cost of a project is estimated at the beginning of work, but many times con tractors demand more money later, claiming additional work. The local councillor signs the request and passes it to the chief engineer who in turn, prepares a proposal to be put up before the stand ing committee for approval.\"There is an impression that the quotations are in flated keeping in mind the need to grease decision-mak ers' palms,\" said former civic chief D M Sukhtankar. \"Cer tain steps can be taken to change the impression. A comparison between public and private quotations can be done. Also, the specifications of the quotations can be checked thoroughly by involv ing external auditors.\"Times ViewWhether it's a sophisticated MRI machine for a civic hospital or below-par work that results in monsoon-battered roads every year, it's the taxpaying citizen who's left with the bill. The taxpayer, as a consumer, has a right to feel cheated when the BMC pays more or pays for work that an average Mumbaikar would not accept at home. The BMC should remember that the money that's going out of its coffers ultimately comes from the public exchequer. There should be much more scrutiny on purchases and civic work to minimise such brazen corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14144087", "title": "'Nothing new about paddy support price hike'", "text": "MARGAO: In an attempt to play down the hike in paddy support price from Rs 7 to Rs 17 by the BJP-led government, Curtorim MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco said that the move had nothing new about it.Lourenco said that the move had found mention in the budget speech presented by chief minister Manohar Parrikar in March. Defending the erstwhile Congress government, the Curtorim MLA said that it was wrong to criticize it.\"The BJP government's much touted recent announcements to hike the paddy support price from Rs 7 to Rs 17 is not something new as the chief minister had already made a mention of it on the floor of the house,\" said Lourenco, while addressing mediapersons on Thursday.Lourenco, who appears to be making his presence felt as a vocal leader of the opposition lately, by taking up the cause of various issues further hit out at the chief minister for wanting to close down the mechanical cultivation office (MCO) section.\"I have heard that our chief minister intends to close the MCO section. This foolish decision will prove to be a big disaster for the growth of agriculture in Goa and I request our chief minister not to go ahead with this unwise and reckless move of this BJP government,\" added Lourenco.Lourenco, then went on to defend the erstwhile government and said, \"It will be wrong to say that the previous Congress government did not clear the cheques at Rs 7\".He pointed out that mechanized farming was given a thrust by announcing 80-90% subsidy for the latest machinery in the field of harvesting of rice and that similarly, a thrust was placed in the support price of coconut. He added that the push in the increased production of vegetables was given by the previous Congress regime.\"There was more than 50-60% increase in the allocation of agriculture. For small farmers, it was again the erstwhile Congress government which had announced Rs 5 lakh loan at the rate of interest of 4%,\" said Lourenco, stating that the BJP government \"abruptly stopped this great financial facility benefitting the small farmers\". He requested the chief minister to restart this loan scheme.Lourenco, who incidentally is an agriculturalist by profession, further appealed to Parrikar to include three more categories of vegetable cultivators namely - cultivators who grow and consume vegetables at home; cultivators who sell their produce in local markets and; growers who sell their produce by visiting homes of people.\"There are people who grow rice at home and solely consume it. These people have not benefitted from government schemes and face immense hardships in the cultivation of rice crops,\" added Lourenco.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14140671", "title": "Longest term: Drunk driver gets 30-day jail", "text": "NEW DELHI: Driving drunk has landed a man in jail for a month \u2014 the longest sentence awarded in the capital for the offence. A traffic court in Saket has ruled that the driver, who was found driving drunk in south Delhi, will be jailed for 30 days and pay a fine of Rs 3,000. In all, 3,049 people have been jailed in the first five months of the year, which is more than those jailed in all of 2011.The errant driver, Rajesh Kumar (31), was arrested by traffic cops on the night of June 12 after he was found driving a tempo around 9.26pm in the extreme right lane on MB Road in south Delhi in violation of the Supreme Court guidelines. Checked with an alcohol meter, the reading showed alcohol content of 235.7mg per 100ml.While giving the judgment in the case on Wednesday, metropolitan magistrate Preeti Parewa said, \"The accused caused grave danger to the general public at large, so I am not inclined to give benefit of Probation of Offenders Act to the accused. Hence, only punishment of fine will not have deterrent or re-formative effect on the accused.\"Till May 31 this year, 3,049 people have been sentenced to jail for driving drunk. Last year, 2,960 people were sentenced in such cases. This is also a 110.5% jump for the corresponding period last year, where 1,448 people had been imprisoned. While six people were sent to jail for more than 10 days, 36 people were jailed for four to nine days. A whopping 3,007 people were jailed for up to three days.Now, traffic police will also send court appeals for enhancement of convictions, after a sessions court in Delhi observed that a jail term in a case could have been increased had the state filed an appeal against a 10-day jail term awarded to a south Delhi resident, who was caught driving his vehicle in an inebriated condition on New Year's Day.Drunken driving is punishable under Section 185 of the motor vehicles Act where violators can be fined Rs 2,000 or sentenced to six months in jail or both. Repeat offenders can be fined Rs 3,000 and/or jailed up to two years. If caught driving drunk, the violator's car is impounded if they have no one to drive their vehicle back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14146504", "title": "LiLo worried about going nude in new flick", "text": "Lindsay Lohan is having cold feet about doing nude scenes in the new movie 'The Canyons'.Novelist Bret Easton Ellis tweeted this week that Lohan will star in his upcoming film, opposite a porn star named James Deen.But Lohan hasn't signed on the dotted line, and is now reportedly having second thoughts, because the film has scenes with full-frontal nudity.\"Lindsay and her team are concerned about the nudity that is involved,\" the New York Post quoted a source as telling Radar Online.\"Lindsay would be required to do full frontal nudity, and the sex scenes are very, very graphic,\" the source said.Ironically, the 'Mean Girls' star appeared in the pages of Playboy just last year.\" Yes , Lindsay has posed nude for Playboy, but doing it in a movie is completely different,\" the source further told the site.\"Lindsay needs to make sure that she is comfortable with it, and that this is something she can handle as an artist.\"It's expected that Lindsay will sign the contract in the next two weeks, as filming begins at the beginning of July. Lindsay has admired Bret's work for a very long time, and one of her favorite movies is 'Less Than Zero',\" the source added.The film is reportedly about, \"Youth, glamour , sex and Los Angeles , circa 2012,\" which seems right up Lohan's alley.It's being directed by 'American Gigolo's Paul Schrader .Lohan is currently playing Elizabeth Taylor in a Lifetime movie, 'Liz and Dick.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14136317", "title": "Presidential poll: Left to wait for Congress to name candidate", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Left Front at a meeting on Thursday decided to continue with its wait-and-watch policy on presidential candidate till the Congress announces its candidate. However, sources said Left parties would not be averse to supporting a Congress candidate.Speaking to TOI, CPM general secretary Prakash Karat said, \"We will wait and see what the Congress does and then announce our decision.\"Sources though said if the Congress fields Hamid Ansari as its presidential candidate, it would become obligatory for the Left parties support him. \"After all, Ansari was a Left-sponsored vice-president candidate,\" said a senior CPM leader.CPI leader Gurudas had said on Wednesday his party will not support a Congress candidate. \"That is not the stand of the Left Front,\" said a senior Left leader.Congress on Thursday reached out to senior Left leaders for their support a day after UPA ally and Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee and Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav named three prospective presidential candidates.Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee telephoned CPM leader Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee and Left Front chairman in Bengal Biman Bose. Mukherjee sought their support for his candidature.AIADMK chief Jayalalithaa called Karat seeking support for former Lok Sabha Speaker P A Sangma. BJD chief Naveen Patnaik , too, spoke to senior Left leaders lobbying for Sangma.Left leaders slammed the Congress for not coming up with a consensus candidate for the president. CPM leader Mohammed Salim said, \"After month-long consultation, the UPA could not come up with a name. They must put their house in order and build consensus. The drama unfolding for highest post in the country is unprecedented.\"After meeting UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi , Mamata had announced Mukherjee was Congress's first choice followed by Ansari. CPI leader D Raja said, \"Why is Congress floating two names? By now, they should have come up with a candidate with a wider acceptance.\"Sources said the Left parties would opt for a presidential candidate for whom there will be maximum consensus. Also, they would wait for other parties to react.\"With 51,000 votes, we cannot be proactive, but only reactive,\" said senior CPM leader Nilotpal Basu.The Left Front is likely to meet on June 21 to decide on their stand. \"By then, we hope the ruling Congress and the opposition party will have announced their candidates,\" said Raja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14143143", "title": "Joker loses its third dimension", "text": "While it was originally announced that Shirish Kunder's Joker would be shot in 3D, TOI has learnt of a change in plan.Earlier this week, it was decided the film starring Akshay Kumar , Sonakshi Sinha and Minissha Lamba and produced by Studios-Disney UTV would be in the regular 2D format.Shirish Kunder confirmed the news and added, \"The initial plan was for Joker to be the first 3D film with a big star. But that USP doesn't hold anymore. Taking into account the recent responses to 2D versus 3D ventures, we decided to reach out to a wider audience.\" Siddharth Roy Kapoor, MD, Studios-Disney UTV, said, \"For a movie featuring a superstar (read: Akshay), the draw is more the star power and the content. We have seen this in case of many films over the past year that have clicked at the BO more for the film itself rather than the incremental business from 3D screens. Given this experience, we took a collective decision with Akshay, Shirish and his wife Farah Khan to complete Joker in the regular 2D format only.\"Apparently, 3D still has a long way to go in India. Even Rakesh Roshan , who had earlier envisaged converting Krrish 3 's 2D format into 3D told TOI, \"We shall take a decision in this regard only when we complete the entire shoot. Whether to incorporate 3D or not depends on the length of the film.\"Meanwhile, there is another twist in the tale of Shirish Kunder's Joker . After Jaan-E-Mann , Kunder had been signed by Eros International for a superhero film for Rs 1 crore; a project that never took off. However, Kunder, who took four years on the script , had titled it Joker back then. When he started work on his film starring Akshay and Sonakshi, he felt Joker would be a more apt title. As the title belonged to Eros, he returned Rs 1 crore and got back the title from them. Kunder confirmed returning the signing amount to Eros International.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14149854", "title": "Catherine Zeta-Jones was never obsessed with rock stars", "text": "Catherine Zeta-Jones has revealed that she had a blast while shooting for her latest musical flick 'Rock of Ages'.The actress said that she enjoyed bringing to life a character \"very different\" to her real self - a suit-wearing, church-going, staunchly conservative mayor's wife determined to stop the \"sin\" of the Sunset Strip.\"It was so much fun getting to play a conservative, but she has a history,\" Fox News quoted her as saying.The 42-year-old claimed that she never obsessed over rock stars herself, but aimed for something even higher.\"I was working all through my teen years so unfortunately missed out on all that (groupie) behavior, but I always loved music but I was never throwing myself at rock stars. I was never a groupie,\" she said.\"I always wanted to be the rock star, never the groupie,\" she said.And co-star Tom Cruise was a little out of his comfort zone top when it came to making music.On being asked as to how did he avoid getting intimidated by taking on revered 80's hits?\"I was trying to figure out with the character how are we going to do it because I really admire those artists, then starting singing and learning what they did and I didn't think about it,\" he said.\"I just thought, 'I'm going to throw myself into it...' (The challenges) never ended. The dancing, the singing...\" he said.And although the hunky actor does manage to pull off a number of hot and heavy hits from Def Leppard's \"Pour Some Sugar On Me\" to the Guns n' Roses smash \"Paradise City,\" he maintains that no musician makes him star struck and revealed that following bands around was never his first love.\"I admire what they do. There is nothing like trying to do what they do, and I've developed a greater respect for them. I don't remember what my first rock concert was; we traveled around a lot... The money I got I spent on going to see movies,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14145569", "title": "Online registry for blood donors soon", "text": "COIMBATORE: Getting a blood donor will soon be just a click away as the Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) blood bank is planning to introduce online registry, hoping to encourage more people to donate blood to meet growing demand.According to hospital sources, the facility is expected to be in place within a month.This is a part of an initiative by the Tamil Nadu AIDS Control Society to increase supply and keep a track of donors, said Mangaiyarkarsi, head, blood bank CMCH. She also said the plan is to replicate the online project across the state where donors can register online.Tamil Nadu has the highest number of voluntary blood donors in the country. The state collects 7.70 lakh units of blood every year and of this 6.90 lakhs come from the voluntary donor, she said. In Coimbatore 100% of the blood donation in CMCH is achieved through voluntary donation, which is close to 8,000 units of blood annually, she added.However, except for a few regular donors, there was no system or procedure by which these donors could be contacted. Most often, when blood is required, the donors are contacted through NGO's. It becomes more difficult to get blood from rare blood group donors. She recalled the recent minor crisis when the sudden dengue cases increased demand dramatically and the bank had to use its entire stock.Every month at least 10 blood donation camps are conducted where at least 750 units are collected. Once the online facility come up, the contact details of the donor will be registered online. This will facilitate quick supply in an emergency situation.She further said that people who are willing to donate the blood would also be able to register their names and address, which would be shared and can be accessed by those in need, she concluded.K Anandtheerthan, coordinator Swami Vivekandana Blood Donors Association, said the on line registry would be a great help for patients who need blood in emergency situations. The demand for having a registry was always there to track the people, especially those with rare blood group\"Tracing the right person is difficult when blood is needed quickly. An online registry can solve this problem to a great extent,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14149270", "title": "Fed up with price rise, man attempts suicide with family", "text": "VADODARA: Days after a middle-class employee from the city ended his life due to rising cost of living, a farm labourer and his family of four attempted suicide in Anand citing the same reason.Praveen Solanki, 40, consumed pesticide along with his wife and three children at their house in Virol village in Sojitra taluka on Thursday morning. Solanki's relatives said that he was frustrated as he was not being able to make his ends meet for last few months.The family was rushed to SSG Hospital in the city for treatment. Doctors said that condition of all the members was stable and they were out of danger. \"The condition of the children was bit serious when they were brought in for treatment. However, immediate treatment saved their lives,\" said a doctor. According to relatives of Solanki, he was depressed for last few months.Solanki is a farm-labourer and used to work as casual labourer on other farmers' lands in Virol. His relatives said that Solanki's house in neighbouring Kathana village was washed away in floods some years ago. He didn't have enough money to rebuild his home and hence he shifted to his in-laws' house in Virol.\"Solanki's brother-in-law told us that he was frustrated due to rising cost of living and low income. He wasn't earning much by working as labourer on farms. And hence he decided to take the extreme step,\" said SSG medico-legal officer (MLO) Dr H S Chauhan.\"He was brought in at about 11.30 pm. He and his family had consumed some pesticide,\" Chauhan added. Solanki's wife Kamla, 35, sons Baldev, 12, and Satish, 10, and daughter Geeta, 13, had allegedly consumed pesticide on his instructions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14145528", "title": "US students go to city schools with HIV awareness message", "text": "CHENNAI: Schools and teachers in India may steer clear of the subject of sex, but students from University of Arizona and State University of Arizona have been going to schools in the poor pockets of north Chennai to educate children on prevention of AIDS and the importance of practising safe sex.The children they've met in the city have surprised the American students with their knowledge of English and their perceptiveness, say the volunteers, who are here on a summer programme under the auspices of the International Alliance for Prevention of AIDS (IAPA). Student volunteer Max Silva, a senior in anthropology at University of Arizona, said he signed on for the programme because he wanted to do something different and help the HIV community.\"At first I thought it would be tough to teach children in Chennai and that language would be a barrier,\" said Silva, one of the 19 American student-volunteers in the city this year. \"But, man, we are having a blast! The kids here are fluent in English and ask you some very pertinent questions,\" he added.School students, for their part, have reacted enthusiastically to the workshops held by the volunteers. \"We became aware of unprotected sex and the danger of AIDS,\" said Ramesh, a Class 9 student at a school in the city. \"It was not a subject that we could discuss at home or with our teachers.\"Arulraj Louis, IAPA education director, says the American students have helped the group reach out to school children and educate them on how to prevent the spread of AIDS. \"They will be with us till the end of July,\" he said. He said IAPA's aim was to spread updated, accurate, fact-based HIV/AIDS information to schools and community groups. \"Our focus in the volunteer programme is to provide a rewarding and enjoyable experience for American and Indian students that will encourage involvement in the fight against HIV/AIDS,\" Louis said.Every year, IAPA conducts a Summer Volunteer Programme (SVP) to teach school and university students in Chennai the scientific facts of HIV/AIDS, IAPA field officer Sheema Gopi said. \"We enroll volunteers from the University of Arizona and Arizona State University and train them for six months before they come to Chennai,\" she addedGopi said the American students stay in Chennai for two months during which they conduct, along with trained Indian volunteers, HIV/AIDS workshops for school students. \"We taught more than 6,000 students about HIV/AIDS in schools and universities in Chennai in 2011,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14143365", "title": "Gathering at restaurant turned smoky", "text": "This elite gathering of city people at a restaurant turned out unusually smoky as it was dominated largely by the pretty ladies. Besides, the do had an eclectic mix of diverse ingredients that transformed the party into a glitzy night. And if you thought this gathering being dominated by women had conversation of a 'certain' kind, you couldn't be more mistaken as discussions from international cuisine to even the ongoing football Euro Cup did the rounds. The night was well complemented by the breezy weather and ambience. \"It's a kick off night. From now on we will have an array of swell bashes every Wednesday,\" said the owner of the joint, Manan Aggarwal, who was seen with wife Meenakshi, and who has seen Chandigarh's changing party trends closely, \"There's a strong need to give party hoppers a platform to enjoy besides feeling at home.\" The pretty girls wore lovely dresses, and the peppy music added to the party tempo. The party went on till late and ended with a sumptuous food spread. While a few savoured chilli crusted cobbler with turmeric risotto, others relished smoked ham wrapped chicken", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14146557", "title": "Kevin Costner wins court case against Stephen Baldwin", "text": "A federal jury threw out a claim by Stephen Baldwin and his friend, Spyridon Contogouris, that Costner and a business partner duped them by keeping them uninformed on a multimillion-dollar deal between Costner's company, Ocean Therapy Solutions, and the oil company BP .The 46-year-old actor and Contogouris had sold their shares in Ocean Therapy Solutions before it sold its cleanup devices to the oil company for use in the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill.According to sources, the pair's lawyer had asked the jury to award them 17 million dollars for damages but after less than two hours of deliberations, the jury awarded nothing to Baldwin and Contogouris.The 'Dances with Wolves' star smiled and shook his lawyer's hand after the verdict and later said, \"My name means more to me than money and that's why we didn't settle.\"\"Obviously I am disappointed with the jury's verdict,\" ABC news quoted Baldwin as saying in a statement.\"The facts in the case remain true and the opportunity to rectify the unjust activities of those involved is a right and freedom...,\" he said.'The Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas' star's attorney James Cobb also spoke of his disappointment.\"We're disappointed. We thought we proved rather convincingly that these two guys, Mr. Costner and [his business partner, Patrick] Smith, defrauded us. ... The jury saw it a different way but we respect the jury's verdict,\" Cobb said.Baldwin, the youngest of the four Baldwin actor brothers, filed a suit in December 2010 against Costner and Smith, over profits from the technology that BP leased for the Deepwater Horizon spill.The 57-year-old actor's device is a five-ton centrifuge designed to separate water from oil, spit out clean water and save the oil on ships, Smith said in his testimony.The timeline of the case goes as far back as the production for Costner's film \"Waterworld.\" Costner had starred and co-directed the science-fiction film, which bombed at the box office when it was released in 1995.In the early 90s, he financed and oversaw the development of an oil-and-water-separation technology under the auspices of a corporation owned and managed by him called CINC Inc., an acronym for Costner in Nevada Corporation.After the April 2010 oil spill, he made headlines again marketing his device and snagging a 52 million dollar deal with BP for 32 of his centrifuges.\"It separates oil and water at incredibly high speeds under very difficult conditions,\" the actor had told \"Good Morning America's\" Sam Champion in 2010.The devices weren't used to cap the well but rather were designed to collect oil on the water's surface.Baldwin has said he was bought out of Costner's company for 500,000 dollar while Contogouris was bought out for 1.4 million dollar.According to the U.S. Coast Guard, BP reportedly never used the 32 devices that it had ordered from Costner's company. By September 2010, the well had been sealed with cement and a relief well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14147576", "title": "Ringo Starr's birthplace saved from demolition", "text": "Former Beatle Ringo Starr's birthplace has been saved from demolition, Housing Minister Grant Shapps has revealed.Nine Madryn Street, in Dingle, was set to be razed to the ground by Liverpool City Council as part of its regeneration plans for the Welsh Streets area of the city.According to Shapps, \"a tide of community support\" had saved the home, which he described as a \"beacon of Beatlemania.The house was one of the 16 on the street to be spared, although 400 other homes in the area will be destroyed.About 32 properties in the Welsh Streets area, which includes 9 Madryn Street, will now be refurbished and put on the market.The housing minister also confirmed that 14 million pounds would be available to help to bring empty homes in the Anfield area back into use.\"Ringo Starr's home is a significant beacon of Beatlemania. But it's also a lot more than that - a real example of communities having the power and voice to step in and save the places they treasure most,\" the BBC quoted Shapps as saying.\"Its future will now be in the hands of local residents - if they can make a success of this street then many more similar houses and streets could be saved.\"The 14 million pounds will help to transform run-down houses into homes to be proud of. Rather than destroy swathes of housing indiscriminately, we have listened to the local community,\" he said.The musician's childhood home remains boarded up and covered in graffiti left by Beatles fans from across the world.Sources differ on how long the drummer lived at the address before his family moved to nearby Admiral Grove, where he was living as a teenager shortly before 'the Beatles' shot to fame.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14149173", "title": "Kochi's spotted deers twist Darwin's theory!", "text": "KOCHI: The hundred odd spotted deer or Chital grazing the Deer Park grounds of Hill Palace, Tripunithura seem to have their own take of Darwin's Laws of Evolution, particularly on the one about natural selection.Recently a doe was wounded to death by the horn-stab from a male deer. The deer park keepers noted that this was due to the male deer fighting with the doe in order to mate with it. Its reluctance resulted in a scuffle ending in a horn-stab at the doe's stomach.The veterinarian in charge of the deer park, Dr Nisha Sebastian noted that this has become a trend with this particular group of deers raised in captivity.\"It is not particularly a mating season, but these incidents keep happening in this park. At least a death every month is recorded due to either two male deer infighting for a female or a doe coming in between two or three males fighting to mate with it,\" said the veterinarian.According to the veterinarian unnatural death among these four-legged animals for the past eight years has been mainly due to infighting, demonstrating the theory of survival of the fittest. \"There is no predator here and its eight years before when there was a common disease detected. This coupled with the limitation of space has led to this kind of change of behaviour among deers,\" noted Dr Nisha.Of the 116 deers at the deer park in Hill Palace, there is a majority of male deers, almost 80% of the population. These deers are kept in an enclosed area of just more than an acre in area.\"The number of spotted deer has increased exponentially and all are mostly in good shape. Thus these conflicts are few. The authorities are thinking of shifting majority of the herd into the Peechi-Vazhani Wildlife Sanctuary, Thrissur, when the reserve is fully functional,\" said the care-taker.The deer were introduced by the former minister TM Jacob in the late 90s, to prove as an added attraction to the Hill Palace. They were brought in small numbers from the then Thrissur Zoo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14144054", "title": "BJP govt soft towards Sangh Parivar elements: Lourenco", "text": "MARGAO: In the wake of the opposition to the plans of Shri Ram Sena to set up a unit in Goa soon, Curtorim MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco chose to remind the present government that the erstwhile Congress government had earlier banned the entry of the outfit in Goa and demanded that such a ban be put in place again.\"The Congress government had banned the entry of Shri Ram Sena chief Pramod Mutalik on April 1, 2009, but the new BJP government in Goa is completely soft towards fundamentalist elements especially the ones backed by the Sangh Parivar,\" said Lourenco, while addressing mediapersons on Thursday.\"As a Goan, I am horrified to see a fanatic from a Karnataka-based fundamentalist fringe dictating to use niz Goemkars on cultural policing,\" Lourenco said, while questioning who had given Mutalik the authority to prevent women from entering night clubs and pubs in Goa.The Curtorim legislator pointed out that such a move to stop women from going to night clubs and pubs was a violation of their freedom enshrined in the constitution.\"Even the late prime minister Pandit Nehru once had remarked, 'Bade ajeeb hain Goa ke Log' which meant Goans are different in their thinking and approach and are peaceful people,\" said Lourenco, while pointing out that \"Goa holds a supreme place in India when it comes to the practice of religious tolerance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14145475", "title": "Kerala assembly bypoll: Congress wins Neyyattinkara seat", "text": "KOCHI: Congress-led ruling UDF combine in Kerala scored a major political victory on Friday with its nominee R Selvaraj defeating the CPM candidate F Lawrence with a massive majority of over 6300 votes in the bypoll to the Neyyattinkara assembly seat.As per the preliminary reports Selvaraj polled 52528 votes, while Lawrence received 46194 votes. The BJP nominee O Rajagopal came third by polling 30507 votes.Interestingly, Selvaraj had won from Neyyattinkara as a CPM nominee in 2011 also, with a margin over 6,702 votes.The bypoll was necessitated because of the defection of Selvaraj from the CPM following differences of opinion with the state leadership of the party and, resignation from assembly.The victory of Selvaraj, though with marginally less majority than in the polls in 2011, has boosted the confidence of the UDF which currently enjoys only a wafer thin majority in the 140-member state assembly.The ruling combine feels that the victory will usher in political stability in the state, as its strength will go up to 73 in the State Assembly while the CPM-led LDF will have only 67 members.On the other side the humiliating defeat of Lawrence, has come in as a rude shock to the CPM in the State which is already on defensive due to the alleged involvement of some of the party functionaries in some recent and past political murders.The unrelenting schism in the CPM between the party state secretary Pinarai Vijayan and the leader of Opposition VS Achuthanandan seems to have also contributed significantly in the defeat of the party nominee.The statement of the party's Idukki district secretary MM Mani asserting the role of the party in the past political murders had embarrassed the party as well the as the LDF partners. The partners in the LDF have already started demanding the CPM to undertake serious introspection in the backdrop of the bypoll setback.The outcome of the bypoll has evoked a mixed feeling in the BJP camp.On the one side the party has reasons for celebration because the party's vote share increased almost five-fold in this by poll, compared to last election. On the other side, the party is disappointed because it still has to reconcile with the fact that it has not yet succeeded in sending al least one nominee to the Kerala assembly, despite fielding its most popular leader in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14145588", "title": "Chennai police trained to detect fake banknotes", "text": "CHENNAI: In order to train police officers in identifying fake currency notes, a two-day workshop was organised by the Police Training College on Wednesday and Thursday.Earlier, forgers in the Tamil Nadu and Kerala were doing crude copying and printing of notes.Now there are people from Bihar, Jarkhand and West Bengal masterminding large-scale circulation of fake notes in connivance with masterminds settled in countries like Pakistan, Sri Lanka and Bangladesh, said an official release.Around 55 police officers from across the state were trained in scientific methods of identification of fake notes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14141234", "title": "Central Administrative Tribunal issues notices to Haryana, Centre", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) in Chandigarh issued notices to the Centre and Haryana government on whistleblower IFS officer Sanjiv Chaturvedi's request for central deputation seeking their replies.The tribunal also restrained the Union government from appointing another officer to the post of deputy secretary of the AIIMS, Delhi, till further orders.A 2002 Haryana cadre IFS officer, Chaturvedi is currently posted in the forest department at Hisar. He had exposed irregularities in the state forest department between 2007 and 2010.Haryana refused to relieve Chaturvedi after more than a year of his request forcing him to approach the CAT.Chaturvedi's counsel Kuldeep Tiwari told TOI that the Haryana government, the Union ministry of environment and forest, the department of personnel and training (DoPT) and the Central Vigilance Commissioner were asked to file their responses in connection with the officer's petition. Next hearing of the case will be held on July 3.Chaturvedi was posted as deputy secretary, AIIMS, Delhi last month after he sought a central deputation.The central government asked the Haryana government to relieve the officer. The state though has not relieved him yet.Chaturvedi, through advocates, Deepak Sibal and Kuldeep Tiwari, filed a petition in CAT on Wednesday which was taken up on Thursday.As an interim relief, Chaturvedi sought the central government be restrained from filling the post with another officer. He also urged to restrain the Centre from debarring him from central deputation claiming \"he is not able to join the duty (at AIIMS) only because of the state government, which is deliberately not relieving him\". Tiwari said the tribunal gave interim relief to the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14136822", "title": "Presidential polls: With Mulayam Singh Yadav variable at play, NDA to redo math", "text": "NEW DELHI: By putting a spoke in Congress's works over presidential polls, SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav and Trinamool boss Mamata Banerjee appeared to put NDA in the play that the Opposition combine has been forced to watch from the sidelines. But with Mulayam Singh Yadav again wavering, NDA leaders meeting here on Friday will have to redo their arithmetic.BJP gleefully pounced upon the opening that Mulayam-Mamata created for them by proposing the name of A P J Abdul Kalam. Although they were keen that Kalam made a fresh bid, the BJP leadership was reluctant to sponsor the former President, reckoning that the saffron stamp on him would render him unacceptable to the \"secular\" non-Congress formations.But the opportunity to play a role appeared weaker amid indications that Mulayam was wavering over breaking away from UPA in the crucial presidential contest. Mulayam's re-think is sure to disappoint BJP that had been assured that the SP boss was determined to stay the course.This was Mamata's estimate as well, and was conveyed to those acting as \"contacts\" among the members of the coalition who are campaigning for Kalam. Although Mamata defiantly stuck to Kalam calling him our candidate,\" doubts about Mulayam's stance raise doubts whether the former President will take the fray. Kalam, according to sources, had stressed that he would take the field only when is confident of his victory.With fast paced developments on the Presidential polls, BJP senior L K Advani on Thursday met Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa in Chennai to seek her support for a common candidate, which even the NDA could back.\"The situation is very dicey,\" Advani said after the brief meeting in Jayalalithaa's chambers in the state secretariat. \"The presidential election is being held in a clumsy manner. Never before has such a situation arisen. The UPA is not able to create a consensus. The NDA will meet on Friday to discuss the issue,\" he said.Slamming the UPA government for handling the matter \"clumsily\", Advani said: \"I have never seen any earlier government handling an important event like the presidential election in such a manner.\" Stating that the UPA had not been able to create a consensus even within its camp, he said: \"I have come here as I felt it would be useful to have a discussion on this issue with the Tamil Nadu chief minister as well.\"\"We discussed the presidential election at length, the prospects and the possibilities. I mentioned to her that the NDA is meeting tomorrow to discuss the situation. There is yet time and what happens in the NDA meeting tomorrow I can't say. But some of my colleagues might say let the Congress party take a decision first before we decide anything,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14144888", "title": "Trust for financial assistance to jailinmates' families", "text": "PATNA: In a move to help the families of convicted jail inmates, the state government has decided to set up a trust.The trust would extend economic help to the family members of those who have been imprisoned for a long time. The trust, namely 'Apradh Pidit Kalyan Nyas', would provide monetary help to the family members of jail inmates. \"There are several inmates who were the sole earning member of their family. Now, as they are behind the bars, the family members have been suffering a lot; so it is an initiative from the prisons department to reduce their economic crisis,\" said IG (prisons) Anand Kishore.He added that prisoners earn some money during their stay at prisons by engaging in economic activities of different kinds. So far, their earnings used to be saved with the prisons department, which was given to them after their release from prisons. \"We have Rs 5 crore as the earning of the prisoners and the trust would soon distribute the money to the inmates' families,\" said Kishore.The trust would give the families one-third of the money earned by prisoners while the rest would be kept with the prisons department. The trust would comprise of home secretary, IG, prisons and other officials of the home department. The department has identified 5,000 families who need economic help. Soon, money would be distributed among them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14141058", "title": "Chicken czar to lead TMC charge in HP, Haryana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After trouncing the Left in the land of fish, Trinamool Congress (TMC) will now embark on its northern conquest with a business tycoon \u2014 the man behind the popular poultry chain, Republic of Chicken.TMC chief Mamata Banerjee's 'Man Friday' and Union railway minister Mukul Roy on Thursday declared that Rajya Sabha MP and flamboyant Chandigarh-based businessman K D Singh \u2014 owner of the Rs 10,000-crore Alchemist Group \u2014 will be the \"in-charge of the party\" for the two big elections coming up, Himachal Pradesh later this year and Haryana in 2014.Roy, who inaugurated the party's northern headquarters in Chandigarh on Thursday, spent a quiet time with Singh at his posh Sector 9 residence in the afternoon, meeting a clutch of industrialist friends from the region.The bonhomie between Roy and Singh was palpable as they posed for photographs with supporters and Singh even touched Roy's feet as the latter informed TOI about Singh's new role in the electoral battle the party was gearing up for in the north.\"We will field candidates in all the 68 seats in Himachal Pradesh,\" Roy told TOI.When Singh reminded him of the Left's historic triumph in the Shimla civic polls recently, where the CPM wrested the mayor and deputy mayor's posts, Roy said \"here lies the opportunity for us. It is not a vote for the CPM. People were looking for an alternative. We will provide this alternative\".TMC had not contested in the Punjab Assembly elections earlier this year.Roy, however, skirted a question on whether TMC would work out any alliance with the Congress to take on the ruling BJP in HP.Amid the announcement of the inauguration of North Zone headquarter, a huge posse of TMC supporters also raised loud slogans hailing Singh as the party's Haryana chief ministerial candidate for the 2014 polls.Haryana has already seen the emergence of a tycoon, Naveen Jindal. Hisar-based 42-year-old Jindal is the industrialist MP and active campaigner for population stabilisation and women's empowerment. Singh, however, brushed aside the clarion call, dubbing it as only a \"speculation\".\"Not now. I can't say this about the future though,\" the businessman MP said modestly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14145669", "title": "Narendra Modi's convoy: HC reserves order on traffic arrangement", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has kept its decision pending over a PIL filed by one Jignesh Goswami demanding some regulatory measures for traffic during movement of VIPs like chief minister Narendra Modi.However, the division bench comprising acting chief justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and justice J B Pardiwala has observed that there cannot be any compromise with the security provided to the chief minister Narendra Modi , but at the same time commoners should not suffer due to his convoy.The PIL came to be filed after news were published earlier this year that two persons, who were being carried in ambulances, died on January 9because they could not make to the hospital in time following traffic blockade to make way for Modi's convoy. Goswami's counsel Kiran Pandit argued that Article 14 of the Constitution gives right to equality to every citizen before law; they people should not be made to suffer because of VIPs security.The state government supplied information regarding security arrangements and intelligence input to the high court in a sealed cover. The bench said that the security given to the CM cannot be compromised with but at the same time arrangement should be made that people do not have to suffer because of the security during CM's convoy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14144446", "title": "3 nabbed with tiger cub pelt", "text": "MYSORE: A six-month-old tiger cub has fallen prey to poachers, and is suspected to have been killed at BRT Wildlife Sanctuary, a tiger reserve in Chamarajnagar, bordering Tamil Nadu.The poaching came to light following the arrest of three persons who were netted by a forest department vigilance squad posing as prospective buyers. They were arrested at Siddiahapura near Chamarajnagar and the tiger pelt and bones recovered from them. The officials are trying to locate where the cub was killed.Sources told TOI that the cub may have been killed three days ago, given the freshness of the pelt. \"How it died is yet to be ascertained as there are no bullet marks on the pelt. It could have been poisoned too,\" the sources stated. The officials are sending the pelt and bones to the Bangalore-based National Centre for Biological Studies for further examination. The gender of the cub could not be ascertained from the pelt but said it could be a female.The three arrested are Mahadev from Boodipadaga, Mahesh from Kullur and Narayan from Coimbatore, while two others escaped.This is second case of poaching reported from tiger reserves in the Mysore-Kodagu-Chamarajnagar region. A tiger was killed in mid-February near Kushalnagar in the buffer zone of Nagarahole National Park, which came to light on April 7, after forest officials arrested one person at Naviluru in Periyapatna taluk in Mysore district. He later told police that they killed the tiger when they went hunting for deer and came across the big cat, and shot it.Attn: Mysore Desk/Political DeskThis is story related to seizure of tiger pelt outside BR Hills tiger reserve in Chamarajnagar. This is second incident in recent times when the tiger pelt is seized in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14135857", "title": "Donations made by President under RTI: Delhi high court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The new occupant of Rashtrapati Bhavan will have to be more transparent in making donations.For, the Delhi high court on Thursday, in a significant ruling, held that under the Right to Information Act, every citizen is entitled to know the donations given by the President of India, as these are made out of public funds.\"Every citizen is entitled to know as to how the money, which is collected by the State from him by exaction, has been utilized. Merely because the person making the donations happens to be the President of India, is no ground to withhold the said information. The Honbl President isn't immune from the application of the Act,\" Justice Vipin Sanghi said.The court upheld the CIC's order directing the President's secretariat to make public the names of recipients of the donation, and the amount donated by the First Citizen. The CIC had ruled in favour of an applicant Nitish Kumar Tripathi who filed nine RTI pleas seeking an exhaustive list of recipients of the President's generosity. The CIC's order prompted the President's Secretariat to approach HC arguing disclosure affects the right to privacy of the recipients.While rejecting every argument made by the Secretariat against the CIC's May 04 order the court pointed out, \"What is important, is that it is a public fund from which donations are being made by the President and not his /her private fund placed at his /her disposal for being donated amongst the needy and deserving persons.\" HC reminded the Secretariat that public funds are those which are collected by the State from citizens by imposition of taxes, duties, cess, service charges and \"are held by the State in trust for being utilized for benefit of the general public.\"The court dismissed the Secretariat's argument that some people seek donations for medical treatment and the right of privacy of third parties would be breached by such disclosures. \"The donations made by the President of India cannot be said to relate to personal information of the President...A person who approaches the President, seeking a donation, can have no qualms in the disclosure of his/her name, address, the amount received by him/her as donation or even the circumstance which compelled him or her to approach the First Citizen of the country to seek a donation,\" it added.Justice Sanghi further said \"such acts of generosity and magnanimity done by the President should be placed in the public domain as they would enhance the stature of the office of the President of India. In that sense, the disclosure of the information would be in the public interest as well.\"The court rejected Additional Solicitor General A S Chandhiok's argument that CIC had ignored its earlier order in 2009 exempting the Prime Minister's National Relief Fund from the ambit of RTI Act.\"Since this Court is not concerned with the disclosures vis-a-vis the Prime Ministers Relief Fund, the said issue is not being dealt with herein. In any event, unlike in the case of the Prime Minister's Relief Fund, in the present case, the donations have been made by the Hon'ble President of India from the tax payer's money,\" the court said while dismissing the government's argument that CIC had confused donations with subsidy.Earlier, allowing Tripathi's plea, the CIC had asked the Rashtrapati Bhawan to give details of the donations made by the President to Tipathi within 15 days and upload the information on the official website of the President's secretariat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14140621", "title": "Metro crane stalls, brings Andheri traffic to a halt", "text": "MUMBAI: A mechanical fault in a crane used at the Mumbai Metro construction site at Andheri (W) threw road traffic out of gear for several hours on Thursday. The traffic police had to step up bandobast and create temporary diversions for motorists.Several office-goers were affected as the incident took place during the morning peak hours.\"The 400-tonne crane, launching girders on the metro line near Andheri station, stalled due to a mechanical fault around 9 am. Technicians had to be called in and the fault was fixed by 4.45 pm,\" a Mumbai Metro One official said. \"The crane had completed its work at night and was being taken away in the morning when it stalled.\"The traffic police said the stalled crane blocked a lane on the S V Road-J P Road junction. \"We had only one lane for accommodating traffic. Additional policemen were deployed at all prominent junctions to direct motorists. Four to five traffic personnel were posted per junction,\" said senior inspector Ravindra Patil of the DN Nagar police. \"The diversions were temporary. We tried to reduce inconvenience to motorists as much as possible.\"But office-goers said they had a tough time navigating the busy and congested stretch and there were snarls for nearly five hours. Metro officials said they usually deploy two cranes at the site when they launch girders onto pillars and most of the work is done at night.Mumbai Metro One has additional staffers who work on traffic arrangements as most work is done on busy roads in the suburbs.The 11.4 km first line of the metro, when complete, will have 12 stations. A large part of the work is done and chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had said that it should be running by next year. Work on the ground for the metro line began in 2008 and ran into several problems with clearing the way, as there were many residences and commercial establishments along the route.There were several encroachments along the route. It took much time and effort to get a free right of way along the Versova-Andheri-Ghatkopar corridor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14146524", "title": "79 times in 29 years, it's a B+ approach to blood donation", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Don't be taken aback if this 46-year-old man asks your blood group when you meet him for the first time. Jayakrishnan, a native of Mankavu, has been donating blood for the past 29 years.Like his blood group, he always wears a 'B+' attitude when it comes to blood donation.\"So far I have donated blood 79 times,\" said Jayakrishnan who regrets at his inability to donate blood on Thursday, the World Blood Donor Day.He had already donated blood on May 31 and cannot give blood for the next three months.For Jayakrishnan, blood group is more important than your name or address. And it is one reason why the contacts in his mobile phone are suffixed with the blood group of the person.An employee of an industrial chemical processing unit, Jayakrishnan says an incident during his college days inspired him to donate blood. \"During my pre-degree days I first donated blood to a desolate beggar when I took him to medical college hospital,\" he said.Since then he has been donating blood once every three months. As his blood group is not a rare one, he receives only a few calls for help. But he ensures with hospital authorities to call him whenever anyone requires B+ blood.\"I joined the blood donor's forum recently as I thought sharing my experience will give the new members more confidence in donating blood,\" says Jayakrishnan.He said that anyone who needs blood group other than B+ can contact him as he has a list of volunteers with different blood groups. Contact: 9946354348.Kozhikode: Don't be surprised if this 46-year-old man asks your blood group when you meet him for the first time. For M K Jayakrishnan, a champion of blood donation, your blood group is more important than your name or address.You may be even more surprised if you see the contact list in his mobile phone. Every name in his contact list will have a suffix denoting the blood group of the person.Jayakrishnan, a native of Mankavu in Kozhikode, has been donating blood for the past 29 years. As his blood group denotes he always maintains the attitude 'B+' when it comes to donating his blood for saving the life another person.\"I have donated blood 79 times,\" shares Jayakrishnan adding that he could not donate blood on Thursday, World Blood Donor Day as it was on May 31 that he donated blood the last time and he could not donate blood for three more months.An employee of an Industrial Chemical Processing unit, Jayakrishnan is thankful to his college days at Zamorin's Guruvayoorappan College for inspiring him to donate blood.\"It was during my pre-degree days when I had to take an ailing alm seeker to medical college hospital. That man required B+ blood and I donated my blood to him,\" shared Jayakrishnan on blood Donor Day. That day on I have been donating blood in every three months, he added with proud.As he has a common blood group, he receives a few calls from those who require blood. However, this advocate of blood donation is not ready to remain passive and makes arrangements with hospital authorities to call him whenever anyone requires B+ blood.Rather, Jayakrishnan is focussing on inspiring more youngsters to donating blood by sharing his experience to them. \"I joined the blood donor's forum recently as I thought my experience sharing will help the new members to be more confident while donating blood,\" says Jayakrishnan.Anyone who requires blood group other than B+ also can contact me as I have a list of volunteers with different blood groups, emphasises Jayakrishnan once again highlighting his mobile number 9946354348.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14146964", "title": "During vehicle check, cops stumble upon 2009 murder accused", "text": "CHENNAI: A routine vehicle check on Thursday night helped the Chennai police unravel the murder of a man who they so far believed had committed suicide three years ago.Soon after Babu, a 41-year-old mosaic floor worker, was found dead in his house in Valsaravakkam in 2009, police closed the case as a suicide. Three years later, they stand corrected.The breakthrough came quite unexpected, when a police team questioned three men during a routine vehicle check at K K Nagar on Thursday night. To general questions, one of the men, Parthiban was found to be dithering, police said, raising their suspicion. On further interrogation, Parthiban spilled the beans about the murder. Police have arrested Parthiban and his friends Murali and 'Maanja' Selvakumar, and launched a search for two more.Babu, the man who was found dead in 2009, was the brother-in-law of Murali. Police said Murali later confessed to having committed the murder with his friends. Murali devised the plan to eliminate his brother-in-law Babu after his sister repeatedly complained that he was assaulting her. Murali invited his friends to Babu's house and they consumed alcohol. Later, the three smothered Babu to death.Police had then registered the case of suicide and closed the case. Now the case has been reopened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14138245", "title": "8 hurt in communal clash in Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Eight persons were injured in a clash between members of two communities in Gujarat's Damnagar town Thursday afternoon. Trouble began after an altercation over construction of a place of worship on a disputed land.\"Both groups claimed the disputed land. During construction, some graves surfaced, after which members of one of the communities moved court demanding stay on it,\" said an Amreli police officer.Construction work was stopped for some days. On Thursday, members of one community built a wall leading to clashes.\"Members of both groups attacked each other with sticks and stones. They damaged a state transport bus and several shops,\" the officer said.A police team led by assistant superintendent of police Antarip Sood rushed to control the situation. Nobody was arrested yet.\"It is completely under control. We are currently combing the area to track those involved in violence and find the weapons used in the clash. We will declare the number of arrested after the combing is over,\" said Sood.Amreli district superintendent of police Shobha Bhutda said one person with 0.12 bore weapon was rounded up for questioning. Both sides have filed complaints", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14147136", "title": "I was offered every new show on TV: Ragini Khanna", "text": "Ragini Khanna is synonymous with her onscreen character Suhana from the hit show Sasural Genda Phool on Star Plus.And two months after the show has ended, Ragini feels people still recognize her as Suhana. Says Ragini, \"People know me as Suhana and I'm dam proud of it. Suhana's character superseded my own personality\".Ragini who is set to co host Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa season 5 with Manish Paul feels she's on a forced break. \"I had gone insane emoting for Suhana's character for four years. I was practically finished from within. I gave in so much to my role that I had lost all judgments and opinions. I was living Suhana's reality. Ragini was lost\".Does that mean Ragini will take a break from acting and focus on anchoring? \"Not at all. Acting is my dope. I was offered every new show on TV but I did not accept them as I did not find it exciting. They wanted me to ape Suhana and I dint want to repeat that. I have also been offered several films and if eel blessed. But I don't want to do just anything\". Ragini is currently enjoying her anchoring stint and feels \" Jhalak will bring out her personality\".So for all Ragini fans, don't be disappointed. The actress is only on her much deserved break and rightly so!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14145400", "title": "Usha Nadkarni in Madhubala?", "text": "As Savita tai, she made life hell for her daughter in law Archana on the much loved show Pavitra Rishta on Zee TV.And now this time, Usha Nadkarni aka Savita tai is all set to play a Marathi mom on Colors TV's Madhubala- Ek Ishq Ek Junoon . Sources inform that the TV and film actress has been roped in to play Mukund's ( Manish Naggdev) mother on the show. Mukund made his entry on last night's episode and his character will fall in love with the pretty Madhubala (Drashti Dhami).However when contacted, Usha Nadkari did not confirm the news, \"I was approached a long time back to play this role but I have not given my approval as yet. I do not know how I will juggle between Pavitra Rishta and Madhubala \".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14140867", "title": "GHMC to take up Kavadiguda road-widening project soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: After putting the Musheerabad-Kavadiguda road-widening proposal in cold storage for five years, the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has now decided to immediately take up the project.As many as 170 properties on the three-kilometre stretch would be acquired for road widening. The only relief for landowners is that the road would be widened to 100 feet and not to 120ft as proposed in the original plan.The expansion of the Musheerabad-Kavadiguda stretch was proposed by GHMC way back in 2007 as it is an important link road for those who want to go to Secunderabad (RP Road, MG Road) or Begumpet from Musheerabad. Similarly, it would also benefit those who want to head to Musheerabad, Narayanaguda, Nallakunta and other localities from Secunderabad and surrounding areas.The corporation had released a draft declaration on the proposed road widening in 2008 when about 200 properties were marked for acquisition. Since the road is less than 50ft wide at some places, which means certain shops are likely to be bulldozed, shopkeepers opposed the project tooth and nail.The property-owners had even met then chief minister YS Rajasekhara Reddy and insisted on the scrapping of the road-widening project. The issue has also figured prominently in the Musheerabad constituency during Assembly and GHMC elections.With all political parties opposing the move, the corporation had put the proposal on hold before passing the award for land acquisition in 2010, a move that had to come within two years of the draft declaration, which was made in 2008.Now, GHMC has again started negotiations with 170 (91 and 79 properties on either side of the road) property-owners for the project. As the property-owners expressed concern over the width of the road and extent of their property being taken over, it was decided to reduce the width of the road to 100ft.The corporation has said that about 30 property owners have already given their consent. Since some of them were not coming forward, they have decided to acquire property invoking provisions of the Land Acquisition Act. A new draft declaration for the project would, it is learnt, be issued in a day or two.\"Structural drawings and values are being prepared for each property along the stretch in question. The property losers will be given both land and structural compensation as per market value,\" said GHMC land acquisition officer, M Suryakala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14145391", "title": "CSE raises alarm on industry polluting Bhubaneswar water", "text": "Bhubaneswar: As many as 34 of 88 industries in Bhubaneswar are water polluters, a new report said on Thursday warning that unless intervened ground water will be unfit for human consumption soon. The report by the Centre for Science and Environment (CSE) said these industries were discharging untreated effluents into drains that empty into Ganguah nallah, the main natural drain.Besides, untreated domestic sewage is being discharged in city. Sharing the report here on Thursday, CSE programme director (water) Nitya Jacob said water quality in Kuakhai and Daya rivers has deteriorated from \"excellent\" to \"desirable level\" in 5 years. If the current trend continues, groundwater will be unfit for potable use, he added.The city depends on Kuakhai and Daya rivers as among two principal sources of drinking water. While the state capital draws 120 million liters per day (MLD) from Kuakhai, it draws another 18 MLD from Daya. The city draws another 60 MLD comes from Mahanadi. Altogether, the city gets around 250 MLD pipe water supply, including 200 MLD from surface source and 50 MLD from ground.The CSE report highlighted that the city was wasting lots of water as the supply was more than demand. \"The only other such city in India is Pune,\" Jacob said. Around 65 per cent people get pipe water while the rest depend on their own source such as bore well or tube well. The supply is 83% more than demand. Pipeline network in city is 911 km covering 59 per cent geographical area of city. Just 64,000 houses of the 150,000 are connected. Jacob said local sources such as ponds and ground water should be exploited to reduce cost on water and make it sustainable in the long run. Depending on river water should be reduced as the city is located on the downstream and pollution on upstream may also affect the water quality. The CSE report said the sewage treatment in city was virtually defunct.The city has three oxidation ponds and three aeration lagoons having a capacity to treat 82 million liter of sewage per day (MLD). The existing facilities are non-operational and merely act as flow-through systems virtually leaving the entire sewage non-treated, the CSE report said. The CSE report said sewage is discharged upstream of water treatment plants' intake in city, which is unscientific. The city, municipal sources estimate, generates 48MLD domestic sewage, 29 MLD industrial effluents and 30 MLD sewage from mixed sources. Around 35 per cent of houses connected to sewage network, rest have septic tanks/soak pits. The trunk sewers are old and largely defunct, the report said, adding there is no master plan for sewage management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "st lucia", "code": "14150883", "title": "Beating Indians a huge boost: West Indies A coach", "text": "ST LUCIA: Pleased with the commitment shown by his team to beat India A in their last unofficial Test, West Indies A coach Hendy Springer said the fine show against a strong batting line-up has given the hosts a lot of confidence going into the third and final match on Saturday.Having lost the first match in Barbados against India A, West Indies A bounced back in style in the second game in Kingstown to register a convincing 125-run victory.Stating that his team's win in the second game gives him a lot of satisfaction as Windies A are less experienced than the visitors, Springer said, \"This Indian team (has a) top six who have done well at the first-class level, some of them have made triple-hundreds, so to bowl them out twice and for 94 in the second innings, is a huge boost.\"We are a much younger team, with far less experience at the first-class and international level, so every match is about learning -- learning about ourselves and learning from the opposition as well.\"Chasing a target of 220, India A were bundled out for a paltry 94 as left-arm seamer Delorn Johnson (6/34) and skipper Veeraswamy Permaul (4/22) shared the spoils to help West Indies A level the three-match series 1-1.\"I am seeing improvement. I am seeing commitment. I am seeing hard work. We have a group of young men who want to do well, who are enjoying their cricket and who are giving their all,\" a West Indies Cricket Board release quoted Springer as saying.\"Everyone understands what is required. This positive approach, the belief in each other, is paying off. We went from a situation where a few players seemed a little intimidated going into that first match, to a place where we came to within two wickets of victory, to the present situation, where we proved to everyone that we can perform and win at this level.\"We will have that same kind of belief going into the final match on Saturday,\" he added.Springer also heaped praise on Johnson and Permaul. \"He (Johnson) bowled with pace and also got the ball to swing. He showed great control from over the wicket, and when he went around the wicket and got results. That match was a significant stepping stone in his development.\"The captain (Permaul) has also been doing a great job with the ball and also with the bat when required. He assessed the pitch in Kingstown very well and bowled with great control,\" said the coach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14141446", "title": "\u2018Private power companies in SoBo will drive up BEST bus prices\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Your bus ride may get costlier if the south Mumbai power sector is thrown open to private sectors. It will also bleed the BEST financially, say senior officials from the department.At present, there is cross-subsidization in the BEST, as a result of which surplus earned through electricity supply is used in providing other services such as running the fleet of 4,680 buses, including 270 King Long buses. Due to the cross-subsidy, the BEST is able to curtail some of its losses incurred in the transport division.\"However, there is an attempt by vested interests to get the Electricity Act amended in Parliament so that private players can enter the power supply business in the island city and woo consumers away from BEST. If this happens, it will sound the death knell for the electricity wing of the BEST and this will affect the transport wing as well,\" the official stated.This issue was discussed at the recent BEST committee meeting, where panel members, including general manager Om Prakash Gupta, decided to make a representation to the Centre, asking the power ministry not to amend the Act and \"protect the interests of the undertaking and its consumers.\"On Thursday, the 40,000 employees of the BEST stood by their bosses in opposing any privatization in the island city's power sector. \"The BEST is a local self-government authority and has a social obligation to its 10 lakh electricity consumers in the island city. We will not allow any private company to enter the island city and take away the electricity supply business from us,\" said BEST workers' union general secretary Sharad Rao, who said the employees' union is likely to take a delegation to PM Manmohan Singh soon.\"If private firms come in, minimum fares could go up to Rs 10. Is the city ready for this,\" Rao asked. He said the BEST supplies power at lower costs than other private players.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14144174", "title": "Girl's family trashes honour killing charge", "text": "BANGALORE: The family of M Bhramarambika, a student of Seshadripuram Law College and native of Badamaraluru, around 12km from Gowribidanur and 100km from Bangalore, is aghast at the girl's suicide being termed as an honour killing.Most Badamaraluru villagers too say that it is a clear case of suicide. But not everything appears to be above board as there is not a single villager who claims to have seen Bharamarambika's body hanging from the ceiling of her room.BN Gangaraju, a close relative, said he rushed to her home soon after her news of suicide spread. \"Some neighbours had by then brought down the body, removed the noose from her neck and laid the body on the floor. It is a clear case of suicide,\" he said.'She was a tough girl'Gangaraju, however, added that Bhramarambika was a studious and level-headed girl. \"I and Bhramarambika were classmates from Standard I to SSLC. As far as I know she would never accept defeat or take back a step in her life. But yes she had a sweating problem, which would double when she used to write,\" he said, raising questions on why a brave girl like Bhramarambika would take such an extreme step.Villagers recalled that Bhramarambika was a warm person. Whenever she returned to village for vacation, she would graze cattle like any other villager, they said.Bhramarambika, a IV semester LLB student, was visiting her village when she died on May 20. The death was about to be passed off as a natural death. Meanwhile, an anonymous letter, purported to be from her classmates, to a judge of the Karnataka High Court alleged that the circumstances of Bhramarambika's death raised the possibility of \"honour killing\". The high court treated the letter as a PIL and asked police to file a status report.Villagers, however, admitted that their village was not new to inter-caste marriages and affairs and the consequent hostilities. \"Whenever an inter-caste marriage takes place, naturally the families oppose it but they later strike a compromise,\" said Lakshmanappa, an elderly villager.Bhramarambika's father, retired primary school master T Narasimhaiah, said he had no idea why his daughter took the extreme step.Narasimhaiah and his wife Parvathamma were on a pilgrimage in far away Srisaialm in Andhra Pradesh when they received the tragic news of their daughter's death. They reached their village a day later and buried the body. The girl's sister and brother were at home when she died.\"Hundreds of people are asking us thousands of questions. For god's sake leave us alone and give us some time to grieve my daughter's death,\" Parvathamma told TOI.Cops grill studentsGowribidanur police on Thursday visited the Seshadripuram Law College and recorded statements of Bhramarambika's classmates.Speaking to TOI, a senior college faculty said they did not know who wrote to a Karnataka high court judge, alleging that Bhramarambika's death was a case of honour killing.\"Bhramarambika was an average student. Because of her Kannada medium background, she had difficulties in switching over to English medium. But she never showed that it was a drawback for her,\" the faculty member said.A few students told TOI on the condition of anonymity that they had been to Badamaraluru on hearing about their classmate's death but the body had been buried when they reached there. But they did not wish to say anything on whether it could be a case of murder, natural death or suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14145292", "title": "Amy Jackson on Thaandavam", "text": "Amy Jackson attended a press conference yesterday in London for the upcoming film Thaandavam which has Vikram in the lead.The actress who is starring in her third movie joined the shoots in London on April and winding up the shoots will return India tomorrow. Born and brought up in London, the actress said that she was elated to have the shoots in her hometown.Speaking to the media, Amy Jackson heaped praises on the director. \"AL Vijay is the reason I am here today. He introduced me not only to Indian cinemas, but the entire culture of the country. The very first time we met two years ago was in London. I have learnt a lot during the shooting of this film. It has been a lot easier for me as it is my home country and London has been fantastic. It has been great shooting here. Hopefully, the audience will really enjoy the movie when it releases in September,\"concluded the actress.Thaandavam will be a action entertainer with Vikram donning the role of a tough cop. The story revolves on the backdrops of India and London interwoven with action elements. Thaandavam under AL Vijay's direction has GV Prakash scoring music. The star cast along with Vikram and Amy Jackson in the lead has Anushka Shetty, Jagapathi Babu, Santhanam, Lakshmi Rai in supporting roles.Source: cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14138619", "title": "Connaught Place renovation: Work got caught in red tape: Engineers India Limited", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit blamed the consultant Engineers India Limited (EIL) for the Connaught Place mess, the agency cited procedural delays by other government agencies and host of technical issues as the reason for missing deadlines. EIL officials claim, the underground service utility corridor in Middle Circle is getting delayed as they are yet to get permission from Delhi Traffic Police to start excavation at Minto Road.\"The corridor is almost ready. A small portion has to be excavated at Minto Road to construct a room for the transformers which will be connected to the rest of the corridor. Once this is ready, we can start shifting utilities. We had applied for permission from traffic police long back, but are yet to get the approval,'' said an EIL official. For this, the radial road going towards Minto Road has to be closed and work will be completed in close to 200 days, he said.A TOI report dated June 12, 2012, had pointed out that the construction work of a subway planned at Panchkuian Road has been left midway. EIL officials say that the work couldn't be completed as they are awaiting Delhi Traffic Police's permission to barricade a portion of the carriageway in Outer Circle. \"We have dug-up one side of the subway. But we need permission to barricade a portion of the road to carryout excavation on the other side,'' said the official.When contacted Joint CP (Traffic) Satyendra Garg refused to comment. Though New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC), too, cites the delay in getting police permission as a reason for delay, it now wants EIL to finish the task in a phased manner. \"The project was slowed down due to delay in getting permissions from police and other agencies concerned. It is a live project. We have asked EIL to take up an area and finish the work completely before starting work at other locations,'' said an NDMC official.The traders at CP want EIL to first make the area \"habitable\" before digging at new sites. \"They should first make the place habitable. They can't keep adding to the mess,'' said Atul Bhargava, president of New Delhi Traders' Association. But EIL claims that it will further delay the project.Issues like encroachment, presence of several unchartered services like sewer and other utility cables in the area, and poor waste management of restaurants, etc., has further delayed the project, claims EIL. \"In almost all radial roads there are no sewer lines. This is an old structure and it is taking us time to locate the services. Moreover, the old sewer lines are choked with grease as restaurants are not treating the waste,'' said an official.As for the restoration of the facade, some blocks couldn't be completed as owners have not carried out repair. According to NDMC officials, structures of several blocks are in bad shape and need immediate repair before facade can be renovated. \"We have sent notices to traders to carry out repair so that renovation work can be taken up,\" said an NDMC official.The construction sites where work is not going on are not properly barricaded. EIL claims that traders don't want barricading of the area as it spoils the look of the facade. \"They have removed the barricades. They say that ruins the look of the area. We have to remove the barricade to take the machines to the work front,'' said an EIL official. But Bhargava said, \"The work can't go on for ages. They should do it in a time-bound manner. We can't let the business suffer.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14151168", "title": "Mayawati to support Pranab Mukherjee for President post", "text": "LUCKNOW: Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) chief Mayawati has announced her party's support to Congress candidate Pranab Mukherjee for presidential post.Mayawati told reporters in Lucknow that among all the names which have come forward so far, she considers Pranab as the most suitable person for the post of President. Though the BSP supremo criticised Congress led UPA government for neglecting her demand for a special package for development of Uttar Pradesh when she was chief minister from 2007-2011, she praised Pranab for `going out of way' in the capacity of union finance minister to give `something' to the state if not the entire development package.Mayawati also said that she is not happy with the economic policies of the UPA government which have resulted in high inflation, large scale unemployment and which have promoted corruption in the country. However, she said that Pranab, as finance minister, alone cannot be blamed for all the problems and the collective responsibility of all the problems is entirely of UPA. She added that she was against Congress's policies but had given issue based support to the UPA to keep communal elements out of power.Mayawati said that she spoke to Congress president Sonia Gandhi on phone in the morning and informed her about BSP's support to Pranab. She also attacked her arch rival and Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav for his flip flop on the issue of presidential candidate. She said that Mulayam's and his party's statement has been changing every three years, hence not reliable. Regarding election for vice-president, Mayawati said that she would take decision after names are put forward by UPA and other groups.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14148447", "title": "Demand to intall a traffic signal at Dindayal Nagar square", "text": "NAGPUR: Residents of Ring Road in South-West Nagpur have asked the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) to install traffic signals at the busy Dindayal Nagar square.According to them, traffic snarls at the crossing have become a nuisance to motorists, pedestrians and residents in the locality. Of late, the situation has gone from bad to worse, thanks to the number of shops on either side of the road.The crowd increases manifold during evening peak hours and on weekends. In the absence of any automatic traffic signal at this junction, pedestrians find it difficult to cross, claimed residents in a memorandum submitted to the NMC's traffic engineer Nasir Khan.Abhay Kolarkar, a resident of the locality, said: \"The Radhe Mangal Karyalay, a community hall, has added to the traffic woes. Whenever there is a function at the hall, there's a mad rush at the junction.In the absence of a traffic cop, motorists move from different directions at the same time. The spot is also hazardous for senior citizens who live nearby and have to walk to the shops,\" locals said.The authorities could do well by installing a traffic signal with a timer at this junction to regulate traffic, the residents said. In this context, the residents also met DCP (traffic) Jivaraj Dabhade.Time and again letters have been sent to the NMC by residents regarding the inconvenience. \"Despite requests to depute a traffic policeman to regulate traffic at this point, no heed was paid to manage the rush,\"alleged Kolarkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14151003", "title": "Biography on Msgr Raymond Mascarenhas released", "text": "MANGALORE: A biography in Kannada on Msgr Raymond Mascarenhas, the Founder of Bethany Congregation, and titled 'Hombelaku', authored by Prof. Stephan Quadras was released by Sr Wilberta, the president of Bethany Education society here on Friday.The book highlights the contributions of Raymond in the field of education, for the advancement of Konkani literature and his Gandhian vision of self-reliance of the poor through self employment as well as his service to all categories of people.Sr Wilberta thanked the author for highlighting the educational endeavours of the luminary of Mangalore. Sr Assumpta, the member of the Council of Management, introduced the author and the book. Sr Mariette, the Provincial Superior felicitated the author", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14149119", "title": "Vidhu Vinod Chopra to support Dekh Indian Circus", "text": "Imtiaz Ali is not the only leading filmmaker who has agreed to unconditionally support Mangesh Hadawale's globally feted drama Dekh Indian Circus. After Vivek Oberoi's unceremonious ouster as the film's co-producer the team was desperately looking for a known celebrity face for the film. After Imtiaz Ali it's Vidhu Vinod Chopra who has agreed to support the film in every way possible.Recently Chopra was shown portions of the film and he insisted that the trailer of Dekh Indian Dekh (DIC) be attached to the new Vidhu Vinod Chopra production Ferrari Ki Sawaari which opens this Friday, thereby throwing the entire DIC team into a tizzy.Says the film's producer Mahavir Jain, \"Frankly, we were taken aback when after seeing bits of our film Vinod Chopraji insisted that our trailer not only be attached to Ferrari Ki Sawaari but that our trailer would be screened in theatres immediately before their feature film starts. We were overwhelmed. But our trailer was not ready.We had to get cracking overnight to make sure the trailer is ready and attached to Ferrari Ki Sawaari on time.\"Apparently one of the reasons why the trailer was delayed was because Imtiaz Ali's name now replaces Vivek Oberoi's in all the publicity. Says Jain cautiously, \"The film's publicity and promotion will now read Imtiaz Ali Presents Dekh Indian Circus . We're making modifications according. We're happy to get the support of prominent film persons like Imtiaz Ali and Vinod Chopra. As for Vivek Oberoi , let's just say it was mutually agreed among him and us producers that it's better to part ways.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14145631", "title": "Police bust prostitution racket at Ambad, four held", "text": "NASHIK: The crime branch of the city police on Wednesday conducted a raid at Ambad and arrested four women involved in a prostitution racket.The police also rescued two minor girls, who were handed over to the child welfare committee.The crime branch officials conducted a raid after reports of prostitution racket in Ambad area. On Wednesday evening, with the help of Pune-based NGO Freedom Firm, the crime branch officials raided room number 4 of Shree Ram Krishna Row House at Shree Krishna Nagar and arrested the women with the help of Ambad police.Crime branch officials said after they were informed about the prostitution racket, they sent two of their own people as customers and after they confirmed it, they raided the place and detained the four women. The prostitution racket was allegedly operated by Mangal Ashok Datir (30).The police also found two minor girls- 11 and 17 years old-and initial interrogation revealed that among the six detained, three were from one family-a mother and two daughters.The police said the women claimed that their husbands had expired due to which they came into prostitution. The 17-year-old girl started prostitution about seven to eight months back and she too claimed that she had lost her father and mother recently.The police also said that the neighbours of the area were tight-lipped. The raid was led by assistant commissioner of police Avinash Ambure and police inspector Sanjay Sanap. Also present were police naiks Somnath Satpute, Premchandra Gangurde, Muktar Pathan, Vishal Salunke, constables Aleem Kazi, Mukesh Dhawale, Chitrakala Pawar and Anita Bansode.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14152457", "title": "Vadodara unit of BJP holds executive meet", "text": "VADODARA: The city unit of the BJP held its executive committee meeting in the city. While the meet was otherwise a routine affair, it was even attended by some old-timers who are perceived to be close to former state organising secretary and former national executive committee member Sanjay Joshi and former chief minister Keshubhai Patel.The meeting was held with a focus on the ensuing 'Jail Bharo' programme over the petrol price hike and the 'Sangathan Parva' membership drive of the party. The party functionaries were informed in the meeting on Tuesday night that they should also gear up for the assembly polls and be prepared for challenges posed by the opposition.City unit president Bharat Dangar briefed the gathering about the party's stance on the petrol price hike. He told the executive committee members that the party would demand complete withdrawal of the price rise and conduct the 'Jail Bharo' programme on June 22.Following this the 'Sangathan Parva' will begin on June 23. The party will also collect toys and books from citizens as a part of its drive to distribute these to underprivileged children of the city.The meet is being touted as a routine one, but clearly indicated that through programmes and otherwise it was an attempt to galvanise the party machinery for the polls. Former organising secretary of the city Jitendra Rai and former councillor Hasmukh Patel both believed to be close to Joshi and Keshubhai too were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14150557", "title": "Jay Soni in Colors TV\u2019s next?", "text": "Jay Soni aka Ishaan became a household name with Star Plus' Sasural Genda Phool.Although the show went off air two months back, Jay Soni is one busy man. While his co-star Ragini Khanna is all set to co-host Season 5 of Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa on Colors TV, Jay Soni has been roped in to play the main lead on the same channel's upcoming show. Co-produced by Maverick Productions and Swapna Waghmare Joshi, Jay Soni will once again be back to the telly screen. When contacted, Jay Soni refused to comment saying, \"At this point I cannot say anything\".Should we take that as a yes Jay?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14141809", "title": "HC dismisses plea alleging college building violations", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Thursday dismissed a PIL alleging violation of rules while constructing Shri Vile Parle Kelavani Mandal's (SVKM) new nine-storey building to house the Narsee Monjee Institute of Management Studies (NMIMS). A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar said there was no merit in the petition filed by the Gulmohar Area Societies Welfare Group.A coupe of years ago, SVKM had demolished its three-storey structure to build a swanky institution.Arguing that Development Control Regulations ( DCR) permit only a two-level basement, the PIL had taken objections to the structure's three-level basement with two levels for parking and an auditorium. The PIL said that while construction rights in the form of floor space index (FSI) of four was available under the law, the college had utilized almost double FSI of seven. The petitioners also said the management may misuse an area marked as a refuge.Refuting the allegations, the management said the auditorium was the lower ground floor and the FSI for it had been calculated by the BMC and a premium had been charged. The BMC confirmed the same. The institutions also gave an undertaking to the HC that the refuge area would be maintained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14152030", "title": "Modi spells \"smart\" as 'smrt'", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The chief minister got it wrong. While launching the smart class at Vataman village of Dholka chief minister Narendra Modi spell smart \"SMRT\".While launching the Smart Class Project, an audio-visual learning process, in government primary school, chief ministe wrote in Gu-jarati \"this is the age of IT(information technology). Government schools,\" and then he writes \"SMRT CLA.\"Modi has been promoting english as a language and he has even launched a programme to train youths in English speaking. A senior officer said Modi was probably writing in SMS language or he was aware that the students in the school would not be able to correct him.Under the smart class project all the 32,772 government primary schools are equipped with high class facilities.Meanwhile after giving away bags and other material with photo-graphs of chief minister Narendra Modi, the government gave away cyles to girls which were saffron in colour. Saffron is the colour of the BJP official flat. These bags and cycles were distributed among the students as a school enrollment drive.Modi in his speech said that about 80,000 girls have been given cycles from Chief Minister's Kanya Kelavani Nidhi. The state gives Vidhya Lakhmi Bond of Rs.1000 to the girls who get admission in Class-1, and on maturity on passing the class-7, a sum of Rs.2,000 given to them. So far, the Government has handed over Vidya Lakshmi bond of Rs. 130 crore, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14149678", "title": "Leo's lady strips for Victoria's Secret campaign", "text": "Leonardo Di Caprio's new girlfriend Erin Heatherton has stripped off to her undies for a new Victoria Secret photoshoot.The 23-year-old model can be seen flashing her skinny body in a black string bikini, draped in a leopard-print sarong, the sun reported.The couple has been seeing each other for the past six months.Heatherton has been filming her debut Hollywood role in Growns Up 2 with Adam Sandler , Salma Hayek and Taylor Lautner .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14141279", "title": "Green drive pays off", "text": "CHENNAI: Himachal Pradesh, along with five northeastern states, has been rated as the most environmentally sustainable states in the country, according to Environmental Sustainable Index 2011 released on Thursday by a think tank here.The report rates Himachal Pradesh, Manipur, Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram and Sikkim in the top slots in its Environmental Sustainable Index 2011. It was released by Centre for Development Finance (CDF), affiliated to Institute for Financial Management and Research. Among the high GDP states, Gujarat, Uttar Pradesh and West Bengal ranked low in the chart, while Tamil Nadu, Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka have managed to balance economic growth and environmental quality.Despite their abundant natural resources, Odisha, Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, Madhya Pradesh and Bihar have fallen in the moderate and below moderate categories.Commenting on the report, researcher Kadambari Anantram of CDF said, \"This indicates that these states face challenges in sustainable development due to degradation, more stress on the ecosystem and/or less responsive policies and institutions.\"ESI has 41 key environmental indicators and are grouped into nine thematic sub indices from a policy perspective - air quality and pollution, water quality and availability, land use and agriculture, forests and biodiversity, waste management, energy management, health impact, population pressure and environmental budget.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14144979", "title": "The flavours of Punjab", "text": "At Novotel Mumbai Juhu Beach this monsoon, Punjabi fare comes to the fore at The Square, the pan-Indian all day dining interactive cuisine restaurant from today to June 29.Executive Chef Ranveer Brar traces his roots to the rustic Majha region of Punjab and Amritsar, and he ties up with Sweety Singh, a famous dhaba owner and chef from Old Delhi. Recipes from the royal families of Nabha and Patiala have been paired with Sweety's dhaba style of Punjabi street food. Signature dishes include the Chikkad Chhole, Galke Waala Paneer, Amritsari Aloo Wadi, Bhatti Di Bater, and the Patiyala Fish Cutlet, made using mustard oil, which reminds one of a succulent Shami Kebab. The simple Mooli Chutney and the Sweet and tangy Amb ( mango ) Galka play perfect taste enhancers. For your sweet tooth, try the dense Gur Di Kulfi and rich Panjeeri Chukandar Halwa that has a perfect blend of red beet, pine nuts and mawa \u2014 a thorough mix of royal finesse and the rustic yet simplistic cuisine of Punjab. The buffet during lunch features comfort food like Kadi Pakoda and Rajmah Rasmisa. During dinner, it takes on a more royal outlook with rich dishes like Patialashahi Raan, Raarha Hara Chana Gosht and Nabhe Waali Macchi. These finger-licking, authentic recipes brought down straight from Punjab, together with the decor, replicate Punjabi food and culture in Mumbai \u2014 definitely something to enjoy during the onset of the monsoons if you're in that city! Venue: The Square, Novotel Mumbai Juhu Beach, Balraj Sahani Marg, Juhu Beach, Mumbai \u2014 400 049Time: 12 noon to 3 pm; 7 pm to 11 pmContact: 022 66934444; email: h6926-re@accor.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14141201", "title": "Mayor choice as per agreed formula: BJP", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Following reports of differences between the alliance partners on the issue of selecting mayors, the BJP on Thursday claimed that the alliance partners would follow the set pattern for deciding on mayors.Shiromani Akali Dal men will head Patiala and Ludhiana corporations, while BJP will hold the reigns in Jalandhar and Amritsar, said BJP state general secretary Manjit Singh Rai.Rai said this was decided during a meeting of Punjab BJP leaders and chief minister Prakash Singh Badal before the municipal elections at the chief minister's residence.\"Badal gave his consent to selecting mayors and seat-sharing as per the old pattern. irrespective of the majority any party may have in the area,\" Rai added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "14141384", "title": "Mining mafia pelt stones at officials in Alwar", "text": "ALWAR: A team of police and forest officials had to run for their life when some people employed by the mining mafia in Alwar's Kherali police station area pelted stones on them on Wednesday night. The officials had to hide themselves in agricultural farms to save their lives.Itis the second such attack in two days.According to the police, forest conservator Girraj Prasad lodged an FIR with Kherali police station against 25 people over the incident. The police had arrested four of the attackers.\"We had got a tip-off that illegal mining was taking place at Aravalli hills near Nangal Sahari village. A team was immediately rushed to the spot. However, as soon as we reached there, stones started raining on us. People on hilltops were hurling stones,\" forest officer Girraj Prasad stated in the FIR.\"They even kept chasing the officials. They hid themselves in fields and saved their life,\" said a police officer.These officials informed the control room following which raids were carried out in search of the attackers. \"Four of them, identified as Mohan Lal Saini, Rabbo, Chetram and Pratap Jogi belonging to two nearby villages were arrested,\" said the officer.In fact, a similar attempt was made on the lives of some police and district officers in Ramgarh police station area on Tuesday. \"There mining was taking place near Atariya dam. A team of police and forest departments reached there and seizedtwotractors and a motorcycle. Suddenly, those who were at the mine started pelting stones. The officers had to retreat from the place. The attackers got away with tractors and motorcycles,\" said a police officer. The team consisted of SDM Kumar Pal Gautam, tehsildar Kailash Chand Sharma, DSP Narendra Mohan Sharma and other senior officials.These officials informed the control room following which additional police force was rushed there. However, the drive against illegal mining was postponed in the area.Sources said that as the teams which go to prevent illegal mining are not properly equipped, they are not able to counter the attacks by the mining mafia gangs.The district administration is presently carrying out a special campaign against illegal mining after the Supreme Court issued notices to the state government regarding a few days ago. The notice was issued when an NGO approached the apex court alleging that mining had not stopped in the area despite a complete ban.PAST INCIDENTSJUNE 12: Police, district officials attacked near Atariya village in Ramgarh areaMAY 26: Mining mafia open fire on a police team in Tapukara's Nakhnol area. Three policemen injuredAPRIL 29: Officials attacked in Nakhnol area again. Several rounds were fired in the air to scare the police officialsAPRIL 26: Police team attacked near Bahadari village. Some policemen injured", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14138476", "title": "Presidential poll: Mamata Banerjee on verge of exit from UPA", "text": "NEW DELHI: Recovering from the stunning ambush on Wednesday, Congress appears set to wean away Mulayam Singh Yadav from his new-found alliance with Mamata Banerjee and is on its way to nominating Pranab Mukherjee for the President's post.In what could precipitate Mamata Banerjee's exit from the UPA, Congress has, encouraged by signs of Mulayam's rethink, decided to take on the Trinamool chief by sticking to the finance minister as its nominee for the July 19 presidential polls. The Trinamool chief remained firm on her stand of opposing Mukherjee as well as vice-president Hamid Ansari, saying that she was ready to face the consequences. She has decided to stay away from the UPA meeting on Friday.Mamata's possible departure will not reduce the UPA to a minority as the coalition can more than make up for the loss of 19 Trinamool Lok Sabha MPs with the support of SP, BSP and Mamata's arch-rival, the Left. However, such an eventuality would enhance Congress's vulnerability to other partners and the Samajwadi Party who are adept at leveraging their support in full: restricting the elbow room for the government and strengthening those favouring early elections as an escape from the pain of managing a disparate combination. Mulayam is among those who feel that they can profit from an early Lok Sabha poll, while the divergence of the Left on economic issues remains stark.But that does not seem to be Congress's chief worry at the moment, with the party leadership appearing to be fully focused on ensuring the election of a Congress person to the titular position. \"True, we will face more uncertainty; perhaps leading to an early poll. But the issue is whether we should go into the election after conceding the prestigious contest or after having our nominee in Rashtrapati Bhavan,\" said a Congress functionary explaining the party's priority.Congress can ensure the win of its nominee in the Presidential election without Mamata's support because her exit may help it rope in the Left which has more votes in the electoral college. Mukherjee has already reached out to the Left by speaking with former West Bengal CM and CPM leader Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee.The decision to stare down Mamata was being rationalized also on grounds that she was in any case on the lookout for forcing an early Lok Sabha election in the hope of bettering her tally.SP had on Wednesday stung Congress by teaming up with Mamata after consistently promising support to a nominee of Sonia Gandhi and even lobbying for Mukherjee in secret confabulations carried out for almost a month, upsetting Congress's arithmetic.By Thursday evening, the Samajwadis were switching tracks again, speaking of the possibility of consensus on Congress nominees. Off-the record, party leaders said Mukherjee fitted the bill.Mulayam's brother and SP leader in Rajya Sabha Ramgopal Yadav signaled the conciliatory mood in public when he said : \"In politics, the doors for talks are always open and solution can be found to every issue with dialogue\".Indications of wavering grew stronger by evening when Mulayam did not come out to face the media after their meeting. Surprisingly, given its significance, deliberations between Mamata and Mulayam was a very brief affair.Congress functionaries who were interacting with coalition partners asserted that the SP boss was already back in the UPA fold, and would back Mukherjee unstintingly. A meeting of the UPA has been called on Friday evening, raising the possibility of an announcement on the presidential poll.The new-found assertiveness of Congress, which had dodged the Mamata -Mulayam googly, was on full display on Thursday when it shot down the three choices -- Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, former President A P J Abdul Kalam, and former Lok Sabha Speaker Somnath Chatterjee. \"We cannot afford to spare Manmohan Singh as Prime Minister,\" said Congress general secretary Janardan Dwivedi in a carefully prepared statement. \"We had made a commitment to the people that he will remain the Prime Minister until 2014 and we don't make changes midway\", he further said while turning down both Kalam and Chatterjee as \"unacceptable\".SP's volte-face was ascribed to various reasons: from Congress's famed \"persuasive prowess\" to Mulayam's reluctance to be seen in the company of BJP-led NDA to the leverage that many Pranab backers have with the SP chief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14139150", "title": "Delhi hospitals to get latest technology to check donated blood", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government is going to introduce Nucleic Acid Amplification Test (NAT) to check the safety of donated blood, state health secretary Anshu Prakash said on Thursday. He said that new technology will reduce the window period to identify life-threatening infections, for example hepatitis B &amp; C and HIV. He added the linking of various blood banks in the city through computers, a project that has been stalled for over five years, is also being taken up and will be completed soon.\"We plan to start this facility at two centres \u2014 LNJP Hospital and GTB Hospital. The modalities for implementation of the new system are being worked out,\" said Dr Bharat Singh, director, State Blood Transfusion Council. He said that while an Elisa test \u2014 technology available at present \u2014 costs only about Rs 100, NAT will cost close to Rs 900 per donor. Donated blood undergoes five tests: malaria, syphilis, HIV, hepatitis B and C.AIIMS, RML Hospital (both under the Centre), some private hospitals and blood banks run by NGOs already have NAT facility.Senior health officials said that with the current testing methods it is difficult to identify the viruses during the 'window period'. \"In this phase, the virus is multiplying in the body but the donor may unknowingly donate infected blood,\" she said. The official added that the union government had made blood screening mandatory in 2000 given the high prevalence of hepatitis and HIV in India. However, existing standard of care (ELISA serology testing) in India continues to allow a 'window period' between viral infection and viral detection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14153417", "title": "Language experts take on teaching in mother tongue", "text": "MYSORE: The government doesn't consider language experts' advice in either designing a course or in ways of teaching children, said writer Kikkeri Narayan.He was of the opinion that English is not threatening the survival of Kannada. For that matter any other language cannot uproot the strong hold Kannada has. He denied the fact that Kannada is fading out in Karnataka saying that on an average, about 50 Kannada books are published every day, he remarked.Narayan, who worked in the Central Institute of Indian Language for over three decades, said mother tongue should be the only medium to teach children from the basic level while English can be taught only as a language from Class I.He said that he has conducted experiment in tribal regions wherein there is a marked difference when children are taught in their mother tongue. The learn faster and certain concepts are well expressed only in child's mother tongue as it is easy for a child to comprehend and relate. While, if taught in English, it hinders the child's creativity, he asserted.Vijayalakshmi A Patil, a lecturer at the CIIL, said politicizing a language is improper on part of the government. At the basic level, children must essentially be taught in Kannada as it paces their understanding by their familiarity of the teaching medium both at home as well as at school, she added opposing the government's proposal to introduce English medium from the beginning grades.Experts in languages are at the CIIL attending national conference on development of children literature in Indian languages. The motive of the conference held is to take up a project to develop children's literature in 20 Indian languages and as a mission to uplift the fading out regional languages through the publication of children's literature.Rajesh Sachdev, former head of the CIIL, said the meet is an attempt to nourish regional languages, showcase the richness of the nativity and to allow the children develop respect for the diversity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14141016", "title": "Jinnah\u2019s 1947 speech not with us: AIR", "text": "NEW DELHI: India does not have a recording of M A Jinnah's 1947 ``secular speech'' according to state-run All India Radio. The hunt for the elusive speech in which Pakistan's founder expressed his support for a secular state ended in disappointment.The Pakistan Broadcasting Corporation (PBC) had written to AIR asking for a copy of Jinnah's speech to the Constituent Assembly on August 11, 1947.A senior official said, ``We have looked for the speech but have not found it. There are two other recordings we have of Jinnah's speeches \u2014 both made in 1947\u2014 but they do not include any reference to a secular state as mentioned by PBC.''The government plans to inform Pakistan about this shortly.In the speech, Jinnah is reported to have said: \"You are free; you are free to go to your temples, you are free to go to your mosques or to any other place of worship in this state of Pakistan...You may belong to any religion or caste or creed, that has nothing to do with the business of the state.\"Murtaza Solangi, director-general of PBC, wrote to his AIR counterpart asking for a copy.Solangi is reported to have underlined the importance of the speech, adding that it was the only one that the PBC did not have primarily because it was done by a team sent from Delhi just ahead of the Partition. At the time of Partition, what was to become Pakistan had three AIR stations \u2014 in Lahore, Peshawar and Dhaka. However, the Lahore and Peshawar stations belonged to Class B, which did not have recording facilities. As a result, AIR sent a team from Delhi to record the August 11 address of Jinnah to the Constituent Assembly of Pakistan in Karachi after his election as its first President.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "10691866", "title": "Quick beauty tips for brides-to-be", "text": "There's always so much pressure on the bride to look gorgeous on her big day. There are no quick-fixes to looking good on your wedding day .You must begin a month early, if you want to look resplendent and glowing. We help you with the budget and the basics of a special beauty regimen meant for brides who don't like to leave anything for the last momentUnfortunately, it's that very stress that often takes an ugly toll on her skin. But that doesn't have to be you. We show you how to get that flawless skin, when you say 'I do'.Beauty basics: Dermatologist and cosmetologist Dr Soma Sarkar Mukherji says, \"Ideally, you should start treatment for your face, body and hair around six months before your wedding.\" But don't go into a panic mode, if you haven't already visited your dermatologist.Follow the cleanse-tone-moisturize ritual daily: Cleansing your face twice a day is a must, so that dirt and toxins are washed off. Toning closes your pores after cleansing. And moisturizing hydrates your skin, making it supple.Apply sunscreen : A sunscreen lotion of SPF 30 or more will protect your skin from the harmful rays of the sun, as well as those from harsh lights of television sets and computers indoors.Use a skin lightening cream : Regular use of a skin lightening cream recommended by your dermatologist at night will help tackle blemishes and other imperfections in your skin. What's more, it will even out your skin tone.Exfoliate once or twice a week : A good exfoliating scrub helps you get rid of dead skin cells and other impurities. Periodic exfoliation will lead to glowing skin on your wedding day.Bring in the doc: Whether you have a complexion like Katrina Kaif's or not, it's still a good idea to visit a dermatologist. Apart from treating skin problems, your dermatologist could recommend cosmetic treatments that are apt for you. We give you some insights on the popular pre-bridal treatments.Photorejuvenation : This procedure uses intense pulsed light to take care of color imperfections in your skin. It's a great solution for a sun tan, uneven skin tone and age spots. Ideally, this treatment should be done for about three months.Cost : Approximately `3,000 per session.Glycolic acid peels : Exfoliating peels use glycolic acid to remove dead skin. A two-month treatment is all it takes to achieve that much-wanted glow.Cost : `800 to `1,200 a session.Microdermabrasion aka skin polishing : There are two types of microdermabrasion \u2014 one with the aluminium crystals and the other with a diamond tip probe. This treatment exfoliates the skin and has deeper action than peels. It helps get rid of acne scars, black heads and open pores while giving a polished look to your skin. Also use this treatment for your back, tummy, hands and legs too.Cost : `1,500 to `3,000.Botox and fillers : A jab of botox can take care of crow's feet, laugh and frown lines and fine wrinkles. And for those of you who haven't been blessed with Angelina Jolie's lips, fillers will give you that coveted pout.Cost : `10,000 onwards.Mesoglow : The Mesoglow treatment brings back the glow to your face, especially after the daily grind leaves it dull and lifeless. With tiny injections and a vitamin concoction, your skin will regain its moisture in just a couple of sessions.Cost : `3,000 to `5,000.Laser hair removal : Laser hair removal can be used to remove facial hair as well as hair from the surface of the body.Cost : `1,500 per session, depending on area.One month to go...-Don't step out in the sun a month prior to the wedding. Wrap up tasks like shopping etc before that.-Ask your gynaecologist to prescribe the right contraceptive pills that won't affect your skin.-Avoid partying late and get enough sleep before the wedding.-Don't experiment with products and skin treatments a month before the wedding. Stick to your usual routine.-Do some exercise even if it is just brisk walking.-Get a nourishing facial at the start of the month.-Try your best to relax.Quick-fixes before D-day: For dark circles: An under-eye cream should take care of this. Also, try a concealer.For pimples : Keep a pimple cream prescribed by your dermatologist handy.For dry skin : Ensure you apply a good nourishing moisturizer at all times.For a tan : Use a skin lightening cream on the advice of your dermatologist.Go with a trusted make-up artistBook your make-up artist at least two months before your wedding day, preferably on the recommendation of a close friend or family member. Discuss your skin type with her. And make sure that she uses good skin care and make-up products. Do not compromise on these factors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14149630", "title": "Safety on right track in Hubli-Dharwad", "text": "HUBLI: If the declining number of road accidents in the past two years in Hubli-Dharwad is any indication, the traffic department's efforts to curb traffic violations have yielded the desired results.Various measures initiated by the police department to check reckless driving and drunken driving have brought down the accident rate, sources say.In the past six months in 2012, the twin cities reported 299 accidents (40 fatal and 259 non-fatal) which claimed the lives of 41 people.The situation was not the same a few years ago.It was a nightmare for people to travel between Hubli and Dharwad which had become a deathtrap with no effective rule in force to control the speed of vehicles.The department came under fire for its failure to enforce traffic rules strictly and the cities witnessed a series of protests by various organizations. This prompted the department to restrict the entry of heavy vehicles, particularly trucks on the Hubli-Dharwad road. Later, the speed limit for two-wheelers and cars was made to 50 km and 40 km for heavy vehicles.According to sources, about 931 accidents (117 fatal and 814 non-fatal) reported in 2010. As many as 119 people lost their lives in various road accidents that year. Out of 669 accidents (104 fatal and 565 non-fatal) reported in 2011, 107 persons were killed.In 2010, as many as 1,83,423 cases booked against vehicle users for violating rules and collected Rs 2.72 crore as fine.While in 2011, about 2,38,271 cases booked and Rs 3.40 crore fine was collected. As many as 87,476 cases booked and Rs 1.23 crore penalty collected so far in 2012. Police commissioner K Ramachandra Rao told TOI that they have strictly implemented the traffic rules in both the cities to send a strong message to vehicle users to stick to the law.\"The joint efforts of the police department, RTO and the district administration have reduced the number of accidents between Hubli and Dharwad road. We are conducting camps in schools and colleges to educate students to follow traffic rules. Moves are afoot to widen the narrow roads, put road humps and implement speed limit. We hope the number of accidents will further come down in the days to come,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14141797", "title": "\u2018Sunshine\u2019 vitamin vital for health", "text": "MUMBAI: Recent studies have rechristened Vitamin D from a mere 'sunshine' vitamin to a hormone with significant bearing on bones, heart, kidneys, among other organs. Efforts are now being made to understand the extent of its deficiency in the population and fight it.Some experts believe Vitamin D deficiency is a pan-I ndian phenomenon affecting people from all age-groups and sections of society, reasons for which range from lifestyle, atmospheric pollution, skin pigmentation, clothing to duration and time of exposure to sunlight daily. Endocrinologist Dr Sudhindra Kulkarni, who consults with Fortis Hospital, Mulund, said Vitamin D has been proved to play the role of regulators of cell growth. \"Almost all tissues and cells in the body have receptors for it and need it,\" he said.Dr Vipla Puri, consultant (radioimmunoassay ), department of Lab-Medicine at PD Hinduja Hospital, said there is epidemiologic evidence now to show Vitamin D is required for more than strong bones. \"It plays a role in preventing chronic diseases involving the immune and cardiovascular system later in life,\" she said. \"More recently it has become a general health indicator because of its associations with major conditions like cancer. Doctors too are becoming more aware and asking for this test,\" she said.Head of the orthopaedic department at Parel's KEM Hospital Dr Pradeep Bhonsale said Vitamin D deficiency in adults was astonishingly high and more cases are coming to fore given increased awareness. \"Over 50% of patients we treat in our hospital have this deficiency. This can also shunt a child's growth and give rise to bone deformities,\" he said. He added Vitamin D deficiency was responsible for unexplained pain in the back and joint pain in children as well as adults.While global studies have established the importance of Vitamin D as a health parameter, there is little consensus in India on how much is too much or too little for an individual. Pediatrician Dr Deepak Ugra said concentrated Vitamin D supplements provide much less than the requirement of 400 IU/ day. \"Calcium tonics available in the market have only about 100ml of Vitamin D components,\" he said. The American Academy of Pediatrics recently updated its Vitamin D guidelines, recommending infants children and teens should take atleast 400 IU per day in supplement form.Kulkarni said the time of exposure to sunlight is also a subject of debate. \"Some studies say 20 minutes is fine while others say it has to be over 45 minutes. On the other hand, exposure to too much sunlight has also been linked to skin cancer so one has to exercise caution,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14150747", "title": "Actress Chaya Singh marries TV actor Krishna", "text": "Well-known actress Chaya singh got married to TV actor Krishna recently. The actress, who has acted in more than 25 films across six different languages including Tamil, Malayalam and Telugu, fell in love with actor Krishna, who worked with her in Ananthapurathu Veedu, produced by director Shankar.He has also played supporting roles in Eeram, Azhaghiya Asura and Idhaya Thirudan but shot to fame by acting in TV serials, most notably veteran director K Balachander's Sahana , and director Naga's suspense thriller Chidambara Raghasiyum .Chaya Singh, who debuted in Tamil with the Dhanush-starrer Thiruda Thirudi (remember the chartbuster Manmadha Raasa ?), has also acted in films like Vallamai Thaarayo , Vijay's Thirupachi and Vikram's Arul .The marriage was held with the blessings of both their parents \u2014 Gopal Singh and Chamanlata (Chaya's parents) and Raghunandan and Nalini (parents of Krishna).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14138273", "title": "Govt mulls cheap houses for rent", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a bid to meet burgeoning housing requirements in cities and towns, the Union housing ministry is expected to set up a high-level committee to recommend policy interventions to facilitate creation of rental housing stocks to cater to those who cannot afford to buy houses.Now, the housing shortage stands at around 27 million units, and estimates suggest that at least 50% is ascribed to people who cannot afford to own a house. The crunch has raised alarm bells in the ministry, which is trying to address the shortfall, especially in the economically weaker sections (EWS) and low-income group (LIG) category.It has realized the need for promotion of rental housing for those who do not have paying capacity amid the spiraling realty prices. \"The ministry is planning to set up a panel to suggest policy measures to make rental housing more lucrative,\" said an official.The ministry is aware that most of the private builders and developers are not all that enthused with the concept, considering that the returns on selling a property are much higher than on renting it.Private builders blame lack of incentives and low returns for the lack of interest in creation of rental housing. Even the archaic rent control laws are discouraging developers to come forward.\"The existing policies, restrictive rent control laws, low rental returns and lack of incentives are major stumbling blocks in developing an organized rental market,\" says an official.The committee is expected to suggest the business model for rental housing stock to ensure that developers as well as those who would manage rental homes can earn profit.Housing minister Kumari Selja had asked private builders and developers to focus on affordable rental housing, considering that the land acquisition has become one of the biggest constraints in urban India.The real estate players have also been asked to come up with innovative ideas on rental housing as an option for economically weaker sections in urban areas who cannot afford to buy houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14141853", "title": "Refrain from \u2018needless rudeness\u2019 : Bombay Police Act\u2019s diktat to cops", "text": "MUMBAI: Last month's police raid at a Juhu 'rave' party is still fresh in the mind of young film-maker Amrit Sagar. Not only was he marched out like a common criminal to have his blood sample taken, but police officers treated and spoke to him most crudely when he suggested they use a new syringe, he said. The girls present were also herded out with a lack of dignity. The cops spoke rudely, their tone and language derogatory.Many youngsters, who have had the misfortune of being present during assistant commissioner of police Vasant Dhoble's raids, say the men in khaki have been \"downright rude\". Dhoble is less testy with the girls, but men have got a taste of his tongue. Meanwhile, real criminals have committed a series of crimes after being out on bail or jumping parole\u2014as in the Palande case.A few days ago, a senior lawyer stuck in traffic got a taste of the \"degenerating etiquettes of the Mumbai police\". \"Vakil tu apne ghar mein hoga, jasti baat mat kar,\" said an officer to him in Mahim. The officer refused to disclose his name and followed his insult with a threat to detain the lawyer and his family under the Bombay Police Act for \"disorderly behaviour\".In fact, the Police Act, a comprehensive law that governs and controls the workings of the force, especially enjoins upon officers that it is their duty not to be rude while conducting searches and raids. Section 66 particularly enumerates the \"duties of police officers towards the public.\" It requires the police to \"refrain from needless rudeness and causing of unnecessary annoyance\" while conducting searches. The police are also told to talk gently while dealing with women and children and to observe \"strict decency\" with them.One wonders how many police officers, including constables who the Act defines as officers of the \"lowest grade\", are even aware of the duty cast on them to be polite? A former head of a police training academy said that all new recruits among constables and higher-ranking officers who are sent for training have sessions in \"communication skills and public relation techniques\". Yet, as many in the city would testify, rudeness is on the rise in the police force. Advocate Kumar said, \"Police have no justification to use uncouth and intemperate language with ordinary citizens. It is an insult and degrading to be humiliated by a delinquent officer who obviously does not know the limits of his authority.\"The police have a pressing duty to investigate serious crimes and ensure that criminals are booked and punished. They are also duty-bound to arrest a person only if there is \"sufficient reason\" to apprehend. Senior crime law advocate Shrikant Bhat said the Supreme Court has made a distinction between the police power to arrest and the need to arrest\u2014mere power to arrest does not mandate an arrest for each and every offence, or every FIR. The Police Act, which lists out police powers to frame rules for a number of acts, cautions against unnecessary prosecution. It requires police to give a warning if there is no \"serious mischief \" for many of the violations, or \"disorderly behaviours\", which officers interpret according to their subjective opinion.Former police officer Y P Singh wonders how many constables are aware that a mere warning is warranted and even a fine is not necessary if a citizen ceases the offending activity.Section 64 of the Act lists the duties of a police officer and says that they must gather intelligence to prevent and probe serious offences to the \"best of their ability\". But as the Palande case, that ability leaves much to be desired.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14145328", "title": "Lack of proper sanitary key factor behind recurrent illness in schoolchildren: Experts", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Frequent sickness among school children due to enteric infections not only affects their academic performance but can have serious far-reaching implications including stunted physical growth and impaired cognitive development.Experts, like paediatricians, nutritionists, dieticians and other healthcare specialists, believe that a key factor behind such recurrent illness is the lack of proper sanitary and personal hygiene habits like regularly washing hands and taking daily baths.A report published by the Lancet medical journal indicated that more than 200 million children in developing countries were failing to reach their physical and cognitive development potential. This triggered concern among the medical and healthcare fraternity in India, since there is a prevalence of enteric infections among children. It has been found that children who are prone to infections fall sick frequently and are absent from class more often, which impedes their academic performance.Experts say that a majority of such children are not properly taught healthy sanitary and personal hygiene habits like washing hands regularly, especially before and after eating, and bathing daily. These children suffer more in terms of academic performance. Infections lead to absenteeism, and the learning process suffers as a result. Infections also lead to mal-absorption of nutrients causing malnutrition, which in turn can result in growth and cognitive impairments.\"More than 1.8 million children under the age of five years are seriously affected due to diseases like diarrhoea and pneumonia due to not practising proper sanitary habits in daily life,\" said Dr. S.K. Aggarwal, Medical Officer at a bank in Chandigarh.\"Giardia is one of the chief causes of diarrhoea affecting mainly children which could be prevented to a great extent by encouraging personal hygiene habits like daily bathing and regularly washing hands,\" added Dr Aggarwal .Enteric infections are usually caused by bacteria, virus, or parasites. Diarrhoea is the most frequently encountered self-limited disease, and clinically the causative agents cannot be differentiated. It is defined as passing of three or more loose stools per day (except breast-fed infants).\"There is no doubt that enteric infection can hinder cognitive development among children,\" said Dr Jaydeep Mazumdar, research scientist at National Institute of Cholera and Enteric Diseases (NICED), Kolkata.Experts suggest that apart from teaching healthy personal hygiene habits to children, mothers should give essential nutrients like iron, vitamins and minerals to ensure better attention span and concentration as well as to build up immunity to resist infections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14150955", "title": "Voters list: Now, you can meet the roll observer", "text": "VADODARA: District administration's exercise of partial revision of voters list has entered into final stages.Now, there are three days left for residents to get their names registered into the voters list which is being prepared under the guidance of the Election Commission of India (ECI).To inspect the functioning of the roll revision exercise, roll observer R L Mopalvar appointed by ECI will be visiting the district on Sunday.Interestingly, citizens will be able to meet the IAS officer at circuit house on Sunday between 4 pm and 5 pm in relation to the roll revision exercise. Citizens can also contact the official on his mobile number - 08108533333.The partial revision of voters list will continue till June 18 (Monday). Those who have completed 18 years as on January 1, 2012 are eligible to get their names registered in the voters list. Those who have already crossed 18 years age but their names are still not registered with the voters list, those whose address of residence have changed from one assembly segment to another, those who have re-located, those whose names have been wrongly mentioned in the voters list should opt for the partial revision of the voters list.The district administration has also decided that all officers, who have been assigned the roll revision related jobs, will remain present at the polling booths on Sunday. The administration has already started a helpline (0265-2420000) where residents can call up to check their names in the voters list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14141452", "title": "Don\u2019t snap plaintiff\u2019s power, court tells discom", "text": "NEW DELHI: Stating that \"electricity is a basic need of every human being,\" a trial court has restrained energy distribution firm BSES YPL from snapping power supply to the premises of a man after he was accused by the discom of tampering with the meter.\"In my considered opinion, electricity is the basic need of every human being in the present day circumstances and hence a primafacie case is made out in favour of plaintiff for having the facility of electricity at the suit premises till the final disposal of this case on merits,\" additional sessions judge Shahbuddin said.The court's observation came on a plea by an east Delhi resident Rajender Kumar Sharma.According to Sharma, he had secured a power connection at his premises for industrial purposes and a meter was installed there by the discom in 2004. However, after an inspection in 2008, the power distribution firm \"arbitrarily\" raised a bill of Rs 36.94 lakh alleging that he had tampered with the meter.Sharma further alleged that no proper inspection was carried out at his premises and the discom even threatened him with snapping the power connection if the bill was not paid.During the arguments, the power distribution firm said that Sharma had tampered with the meter and equipments, and the inspection was carried out as per the rules. The firm added that the bill was rightly raised against Sharma and since he had not paid substantial amount of the bill so far, he was not entitled for any relief.The court, however, allowed Sharma's plea and restrained the discom from disconnecting the power supply but said he will deposit 35% of the total bill. The court noted that if Sharma fails to pay the 35% of the total bill within a month, \"then the interim protection given in his favour by this order shall stand automatically cancelled ...\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14141610", "title": "Social networking new mantra for cops", "text": "NOIDA: The city police have finally embraced social networking as an efficient, cost-effective way to interact with the public. Gautam Budh Nagar police have launched a dedicated Facebook page to connect and reach out to maximum people, besides pushing their own staff to take action immediately. The site went operational from Wednesday and already has 122 people \"liking\" it. The page will have dedicated personnel, including the SSP, who will keep updating it.Police officers said that they will always pursue traditional means to enforce the law and protect the community, but would not shy away from innovative methods like the use of the internet. \"Social networking has become one of the top forms of communication around the world,\" said Praveen Kumar , SSP, who has taken upon himself the task of keeping an eye on the department's Facebook page. \"People log on to these sites daily, so we can put information out there, including wanted posters and fugitive updates, and potentially have them be seen instantly by scores of people,\" Kumar said.\"The public is very connected by e-mails and texts these days and social networking and instant communication technologies are here to stay,\" the SSP said. \"We are just trying to utilize them for the public good,\" added Kumar.The SSP also promises feedback besides attending to the complaints. \"People can log into www.noidapolice.com and access us through our username, NoidaPolice. Our twitter link can be accessed at noida_police. If we receive a complaint through Facebook, the complainant will in turn be informed of all the developments regarding the case through his/her Facebook profile,\" Kumar explained.Meanwhile, Sanjiv Saran, Noida Authority CEO, on Wednesday decided to revive their Facebook account, which can be accessed at noidaauthorityonline.com.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14141364", "title": "Cops probe if SSC girls made a suicide pact", "text": "MUMBAI: Police are investigating whether the two girls who committed suicide on Wednesday after their SSC results were declared had spoken to each other about taking the drastic step.The girls, Lian Pereira and Felita Pinto, were students of a convent school and were also friends. They ended their lives at their respective homes while their family members were away for the St Anthony's feast being hosted at the church adjoining their school. Pereira, a resident of Vile Parle (E), checked her results online and found out that she had failed her examinations, for which she had appeared privately. Sahar resident Pinto, on the other hand, was upset about her low scores. Pinto had scored around 64%, while she had expected to score over 80 %.Common friends of the girls said they had spoken on the phone about their results. The police are going to investigate whether they had spoken to each other about their decision to end their lives. Both the girls committed suicide by hanging themselves from the ceiling fan between 6.30pm and 7pm. Pereira left behind a suicide note, officials said.Postmortem reports of the girls confirmed the cause of death to be hanging.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad/visakhapatnam", "code": "14139788", "title": "Setback for VSP\u2019s ambitious growth plans", "text": "HYDERABAD/VISAKHAPATNAM: The deadly blast at Rashtriya Ispat Nigam Ltd's (RINL) Visakhapatnam Steel Plant on Wednesday night not only took a major toll on human life at the plant but is also expected to cost the Navratna public sector enterprise (PSE) dear, setting it back by nearly Rs 1,200 crore.While company officials remained mum over the losses caused by the blast that completely gutted the newly commissioned basic oxygen plant of VSP, sources peg the losses at around Rs 1,200 crore for the profit-making PSE. \"We have heard the company has incurred heavy losses to the tune of Rs 1200 crore due to the blast,\" a former VSP top gun told TOI.The worst ever blast in the history of Visakhapatnam Steel Plant (VSP), which was set up in 1971, is also certain to cast its dark shadow on the PSU's proposed big ticket Rs 2,500 crore initial public offer, feel analysts. \"If the company incurs huge losses due to the incident then it could have a negative impact on the upcoming IPO. The question is how soon they can restore normalcy in the plant,\" says Bhavesh Chauhan, metal analyst at Angel Broking.The PSE has already been forced to defer its public offering, which was originally scheduled for July 3 this year, by three weeks because of volatile market conditions. The IPO was part of the government's Rs 30,000 crore divestment target for the current fiscal and would have seen the government dilute its 10% stake in RINL. The company had filed the draft red herring prospectus (DRHP) with the market regulator SEBI on May 18 and was to kick off its overseas roadshows to woo investors from June 21.The latest incident could also put a spanner in the works for RINL, which was eyeing crossing the Rs 20,000 crore turnover milestone during the current fiscal and emerging among the top five lowest cost liquid steel producers in the world.For year ended March 2012, the company clocked its highest ever revenues of Rs 14,457 crore, a 25% jump over the Rs 11,556 crore turnover it showed in 2010-11.The company had been mired in losses for years before finally scripting a turnaround in 2002-03 and has since a profitable PSU that went on to earn the Navratna status in 2010.The blast is also a major setback to the Rs 12,291 crore expansion drive to enhance total capacity of the plant to 6.3 million tonne per annum of liquid steel, which is in advanced stages of completion.It already has set the ball rolling for modernization and upgradation of its blast furnaces to hike capacity by another one mtpa to to 7.3 mtpa of liquid steel, even as it has on the drawing board another major Rs 22,000 crore expansion plan to take up its total liquid steel capacity to 11.5 mtpa for which Dastur Co. has prepared the feasibility study. The expansion was to see RINL add flat products like HR coils and special steel to its existing product mix. The company has set a target of eventually attaining a 16 million ton liquid steel capacity through technological up-gradation, operational efficiency and expansions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14145740", "title": "Designs on you", "text": "Everything that doesn't happen by accident, happens by design, says Sudhakar Nadkarni, quoting the celebrated designer, Frank Dudas. \"Design, as a profession, is young in our country, and there is a shortage of designers nationally,\" says Nadkarni, who pioneered design education in India by setting up the Industrial Design Centre at IIT-Bombay in 1969 and the Department of Design at IIT-Guwahati in 1997.In the 1990s and the early 2000, design, especially industrial design, was an unknown area and few industries were ready to invest in this area. The current scenario is different. \"Industry is recognising design and it is being reflected in the several partnerships between industry and academia. Also, the government has several national design policies in place. India Design Council, under the ministry of commerce and industries, is promoting the importance of design,\" says Ravi Mokashi Punekar, faculty member, department of design, IIT-Guwahati.New AreasApplication areas of design are endless, says Nadkarni, who is at present dean of business design at Welingkar Institute of Management Development &amp; Research, Mumbai.Today, there is a congruence of technology and design. The product and user interface is coming together. As Narendra Ghate, head, Innovation Labs at Tata Elxsi , explains, some of the new areas that students can look at are 'India Price Points' where a technology produced in the foreign market has to be suited for India.User Interface (UI) design is an area where designers are sought-after. \"You will find different genres of designers \u2014 graphic designers, industrial designers and even architects being absorbed by the industry, because there is a shortage of UI specialised designers,\" says Vijay Kumar, CEO &amp; Principal Designer at Ergoform \u2014 industrial design and product development studio based in Bangalore. He also includes craft as an area where there is scope for good design. Decision-makers in the industry are recognising that design is an important component for success in business endeavours. \"Design, both in private as well as public sectors, is becoming a centrally focused activity,\" says Achutha Rao, co-ordinator, industry relations, Design Clinic Scheme, NID.Automotive attracts designers and with more automotive studios setting up shop in India, it is another growing area. But, according to Vinay Rao, director, Bang Design, automobile designing is not an emerging trend. He, however, says that there is a growing industry in automobile design 'support.' Stylists in other parts of the world are dependent on colleagues with technical skills to translate a design to computer-aided design. This form of outsourcing is already a large employer of designers and those with related skills, in India.Software SkillsSkills in digital design are also in demand. Design studios require digital sculptors who can convert pencil sketches into computerised formats. They must also have knowledge of 2D and 3D visuals and software like Alias, Adobe, Corel, Unigraph, Pro E, Catia, Rhino, explains Prakash Unakal, industrial designer from IDC, IIT, Mumbai. The future lies not in technology revolution but rather in innovation. A designer, experts in the field believe, is also a problem-solver and not merely a product decorator. The designer brings his talent and experience to bear upon every aspect of a problem.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "uttarkashi", "code": "14151825", "title": "BASE jumper sets world-record with Himalayan leap", "text": "UTTARKASHI: Russian climber and BASE jumper, Valery Rozov has added another feather to his glittering career in extreme sports by jumping from the top of Shivling, a 6543m mountain in the Gangotri Group of peaks in the Himalayas.Rozov, a well-known face in the world of BASE jumping, an extreme sports that include skydiving, snowboarding, and cliff-jumping, etc, set a new world-record with a leap from the top of Shivling.After a 30-day expedition, including a six-day ascent, the 47-year-old Rozov managed to find a perfect take-off spot at 6420m from which he could start his world record attempt.The Russian landed 2,200m further down on the glacier, just 90 seconds later.The other expedition members took three days to complete the descent.\"This was my first project in the Himalayas ,\" said the two-time skydiving world champion after his record-breaking flight.\"We had few difficulties along the way, so I am really pleased that we were able to complete the jump successfully,\" he added.The Russian's breathtaking feats, such as jumping into an active volcano in Kamchatka, Eastern Russia in 2009 and from Ulvetanna Peak in the Antarctic in 2010, have made him famous world over.B.A.S.E stands for the objects often jumped from: B for Buildings, A for Antenna, S for Span, E for Earth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "14141091", "title": "Couple flees as khap opposes marriage", "text": "ROHTAK: A khap panchayat on Wednesday opposed an inter-caste marriage between a jat girl and a dalit boy in Shimli village of Haryana's Rohtak district.The panchayat criticized the union between the 19-year-old girl and her 20-year-old husband at a meeting attended by representatives of 24 villages in the district.The members however did not issue a diktat forcing the couple to snap ties.The couple has been lodged in a Rohtak protection home for a week now following opposition from their families and the panchayat. \"The couple has been provided complete protection at the shelter home,\" said Rohtak DSP Sumit Kumar.Kumar said that family members of the boy were prevented from meeting the couple at the protection home for fear of pressuring them.The panchayat had asked families of the couple to dissuade them from entering into an inter-caste alliance. It also objected to both husband and wife belonging to neighbouring villages.\"Their marriage defies the prevailing social traditions as matrimonial ties between Bhambheva and Shimli village have not been valid for ages,\" said a panchayat member.The couple, acquainted as students in the same college, had fled their homes a week ago and tied the knot.The panchayat has decided to meet again on June 17 to decide further course of action against the couple.The khap panchayat had recently criticized Bollywood actor Aamir Khan for portraying it in poor light on his television show 'Satyamev Jayte'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14149611", "title": "Israel Facebook page in India ranks in top 3 foreign country pages", "text": "JAIPUR: Israel's Facebook page in India ranks in top three foreign country pages. The Israel in India Facebook page, launched by the Embassy of Israel in August 2010, has received almost 20,000 'likes', a figure surpassed only by the pages of the US and the UK.\"Two decades after India and Israel established full diplomatic relations, ties between the two nations are extending far beyond traditional diplomacy. Less than two years after the Israeli Embassy in New Delhi launched its activity on Facebook, Twitter, Youtube and other virtual platforms, Israel managed to gain exceptional popularity in the Indian social media arena,\" said David Goldfarb, spokesman Embassy of Israel, New Delhi.The Embassy of Israel has recently also launched a new dynamic website, which provides frequent updates on Israeli activities in India as well as a fresh and young look at Israel's vibrant and pluralistic society, history, culture and economy.\"Thousands have visited the new website, as well as the Israel in India Facebook page, to learn about Indo-Israel agriculture cooperation, economic and business ties, various Israeli cultural events taking place across India, education opportunities, tourism information and more,\" said Goldfarb.\"These platforms also enable direct and informal interaction between Indians and Israelis. The Embassy also operates specialized websites in Hindi and in Urdu. These results are impressive\", said Alon Ushpiz, Israel's Ambassador to India. \"They mirror the warmth and friendship that we Israelis feel across India, and they are yet another indication of the immense potential that lies in our relationship\", he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14147728", "title": "Group meetings being organised to support Keshubhai Patel", "text": "SURAT: Groups within the political and social circles of the diamond city are working on to generate support for the Patel community leader and former Gujarat Chief Minister Keshubhai Patel . The activity is believed to have started after Keshubhai's statements against the existing government leadership in Guarat.Keshubhai loyalists, who remained underground after 2007 assembly elections of Gujarat have again surfaced to gather support for the community leader. As part of the exercise group meetings of professional groups from Patel community are being organised in Surat. A series of meetings of medical and engineering professionals was held in Sarthana area of the city during last week. In the meetings professionals from Varachha, Katargam, Punagam and Adajan participated.\"We are trying to convince the educated mass of the community first. It will attract others automatically. Meetings in colony of different areas are part of plan in next stage,\" said a Keshubhai loyalist. The groups are informing participants about negative sides of Gujarat government.In 2007, a movement against the state BJP leadership was launched from Surat under banner of Patidar Utkarsh Samit. In the first public meeting of the Samiti, Keshubhai addressed the crowd through a speech on mobile phone. The entire movement was financed by leading diamond business families.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14147849", "title": "French official in Bangalore accused of raping his minor daughter", "text": "BANGALORE: An official from the French consulate has been accused of raping his minor daughter. The complaint was filed by his wife for sexually abusing their three-and-a-half-year-old daughter.Suja, hailing from Kerala has been married to the accused Pascal Mazurier, in the consulate section in Bangalore for the past 11 years. They have three children, aged seven, three-and-a half and 20 months. Suja is now pregnant with the fourth child.For the past few days, Suja was suspecting something fishy between her husband and her daughter. She had approached various NGOs to consult what could be done. On Thursday, when she returned home, her maid informed her that Pascal was with the baby for three hours in a locked room.She immediately took the child and approached Enfold, an NGO. They later approached the police and filed a complaint with the High Grounds police station. An FIR has been filed under section 376 for rape. The police have detained the accused father.\"The medical reports have confirmed rape. Now we are awaiting for the confirmation on the identity of the person,\" said Nina Naik, chairperson, Karnataka State Commission for Protection of Child Rights (KSCPCR).The mother and the child are being counselled by doctors from Nimhans. Suja is a travel agent and met Pascal in Kolkata.DCP for central division BR Ravikante Gowda said: \"He is under police observation. At present we are questioning few people, after the minor girl's mother fired a rape complaint.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14152022", "title": "Expert welcomes recommendations on internal reservation for SCs", "text": "BANGALORE: Constitutional expert and former chairman of the Permanent Backward Classes Prof Ravi Verma Kumar has welcomed Justice A J Sadashiva Commission report on internal reservation for Scheduled Castes in Karnataka.The history of categorization of some castes as SC began with the Government of India Act, 1935. In Karnataka, 101 sub-castes are grouped under the SC category. People under the SC category are entitled for 15% reservation.Now, Justice A J Sadashiva has recommended 5% for Right Wing, 6% for Left Wing and 4% for the remaining 99 communities under the SC bracket. Of the 4%, 3% is for 'touchables' and the remaining 1% for the rest.Prof Ravi Verma Kumar said: Justice Sadashiva Commission has done a fantastic work. The extensive survey done is laudable and the classification scientific and valid. It has made equitable distribution of available opportunity taking into account the socio-education progress made by different communities.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14148385", "title": "Bypolls in eight municipalities in Saurashtra region to be held on Sunday", "text": "RAJKOT: The state election commission will hold bypolls in eight municipalities in Saurashtra region on June 17. According to government officials, bypolls will be held on 11 seats of eight municipalities on Sunday and all arrangements have been made in this regard by respective district collector offices in the region.According to sources total 24 candidates in 11 seats have filed their nominations. Out of 24 candidates, 11 are from BJP, 11 from Congress and two are independent candidates. In order to conduct by polls in all these seats peacefully, State Election Commission has appointed eight election officer and eight assistant election officers to look after the by polls.Sources said that all the concerned police stations in Saurashtra have been communicated to make proper arrangement so far as law and order is concerned in respective municipalities.Bypolls will be held in Gondal, Jasdan, Upleta, Kodinar among other municipalities in the region. Meanwhile, BJP candidate in by poll in Kodinar municipality was declared winner unopposed.Sources say that inadequate drinking water supply, drainage facility and roads in respective municipality remained a main issue in by polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14149637", "title": "Porn star claims credit for pic mistaken to be Kardashian", "text": "A porn star stepped forward to show her body piercings and prove that the rumoured naked photo of Kim Kardashian taken inside a hotel room is hers.Kanye West had allegedly posted the photo on his Twitter account on Wednesday morning, TMZ reported.Amia Miley was out in L.A. with her 'Jersey Shore' star boyfriend The Unit-where she showed her unusual piercings on her wrists and back that match up with those in the photo and which the 31-year-old socialite does not possess.On the other hand, the rapper has publicly denied tweeting the picture, saying that he doesn't even recognize the girl in the photo. (ANI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14140661", "title": "Maharashtra denotifies 1/4th of Koyna sanctuary land", "text": "MUMBAI: The National Wildlife Board has approved the denotification of nearly 100 sq km of the Koyna Wildlife Sanctuary. Residents of 14 villages will now be able to cultivate their fields without any fear of action from the forest department.The sanctuary created in the 1970s is spread over 423 sq km. The area that has been denotified is private forest land and has always been cultivated.Pravin Pardesi, principal secretary, revenue and forests, said the land, which is a part of the Deccan plateau, is on one side of the Koyna lake while the larger and actual forest is on the opposite side along the Sahyadri range. The forest is in layers and is a rain forest. It is home to a large number of birds that are endemic to this forest. There are tigers, barking deer, bison, wild dogs and other animals as well.Union minister of environment and forests Jayanti Natarajan, while allowing the denotification, said it was being done on the condition that the state would develop new forest areas.The state government pointed out that recently, it had declared five new protected areas in Vidarbha. \"Also, eight villages in the core forest area are being shifted out. The 100 sq km of land thus freed will be used for forest development,'' said Pardesi.Sanctuaries to have successfully done this before are Kanha in Madhya Pradesh and Ranthambore in Rajasthan.Maharashtra has been witnessing a spurt in poaching and man-animal conflict as its tiger population has soared in comparison to the protected areas, which has halved ever since the government denotified 7,000 sq km of he Nanaj Great Indian Bustard Sanctuary last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14145574", "title": "SMC paid Rs 11 crore to DGVCL for shifting light Poles on 54 km of roads", "text": "SURAT: Lack of coordination on the part of civic authorities and Dakshin Gujarat Vij Company Limited (DGVCL) has resulted in the loss of Rs 10.84 crores of Surat's money. While the all round development of the city areas goes on, at number of places light poles and transformers come in the way of lying of roads. Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) then requests DGVCL to remove those light poles and lay the underground line.But, for this purpose DGVCL Charges the money from SMC. \"In last two years we paid Rs 10.84 crore for removal of nearly 5000 such poles from 54 km roads at three places alone.\" Said a top ranking official from SMC. \" Electricity company has been behaving unilaterally without any consultation with civic authorities .This lands us in trouble.\" He added. This enormous sum was paid for removal of lamp poles from Udhna -Navsari Road converted for BRTS route, From Dumas resort to Anuvrat Dwar road joining University and from Eyemata Junction to Sarthana Jakatnaka. IJ Patel, Chief Engineer talking to TOI said, \"We have been coordinating at the highest level and at zone level to avoid such trouble and are working on methods to minimize such problems .\"He also added, \" We have come to an agreement that from now on , we will charge them only 50 per cent for such work. In the past we charged them \" according to our norms and it was also mutually agreeable.\" A member of standing committee from ruling party said, \"We are going to raise the question of why this huge sum of money was paid to DGVCL? How can they charge like this for no fault of SMC?\" Electricity company officials might call this an issue that has passed it's time but people in SMC are not willing to give it up as they have spend this amount form development funds of different projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14146906", "title": "Apna Ghar sex scandal: Haryana recommends CBI probe, writes to Union government", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Haryana government on Friday handed over the investigations of sex scandals of disgraced Apna Ghar, a shelter home for destitute run by Jaswanti Devi, to the Central Bureau of Investigations (CBI).Samir Mathur, home secretary, Haryana confirmed the development. \"This was decided after reference from police. We are in the process of forwarding the recommendation to Union home department as well as department of personal and training (DOPT) government of India for further action,\" said home secretary.Haryana director general of police (DGP) Ranjiv S Dalal as well as M S Maan, an additional director general of police (ADGP) and head of special investigation team (SIT) probing the Apna Ghar sex scandal refrained from commenting over the latest development.Haryana government's initiative came few hours ahead when a division bench(DB) of the Punjab and Haryana high court had resumed the hearing of a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by high court lawyer Utsav Bains in this regard.A deputy advocate general (DAG) representing Haryana state also apprised the bench.Though the state government has recommended the CBI probe, but the government's move has left number of questions, especially related to the shoddy investigations (as alleged by opposition) as well as the yet to be submitted report by SIT constituted by Haryana DGP to probe the role of police higher ups as well influential of the district into the abuse of Apna Ghar inmates.\"We have nothing to comment or share at this point of time,\" Maan, the ADGP, who heads the SIT said.The incident dates back to May 9 when a team from National Council for the Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) swooped down on disgraced Apna Ghar, a shelter home run by Bharat Vikash Sangh, a NGO run by Jaswanti Devi in Shrinagar Colony of Rohtak city.This is followed by registration of police case resulting into five arrests including Jaswanti Devi, her daughters, son-in-law, a cousin and a manager of Apna Ghar.Meanwhile, as the investigations proceeded, acting on the PIL filed by Bains, the Punjab and Haryana high court constituted a 4-member-team to visit and interact with inmates of Shelter homes. More wrongs tumbled out when the inmates shared their traumatic experiences they had while being subjected to sexual abuse.Two of the 4-member team constituted by the Punjab and Haryana high court too had submitted its report on Wednesday while strongly recommending the probe by an independent agency like CBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14153388", "title": "'Punjab economy requires Rs 10,000 crore of annual investment'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Economists in Punjab have come out with a set of recommendations for the state government to consider for resuscitating the ailing economy in the state. Blaming a string of policies of the state government, economists have demanded that measures like rationalization of subsidies, better revenue collection, system revamp is a must to bring back economy on the track.A team of economists who are a part of the Centre for Development Economics and Innovation Studies have collaborated with the planning commission chair, department of economics, to bring out a policy document on rejuvenation of Punjab economy.Professor Lakhwinder Singh said, \"Punjab needs to match with the national average and that requires an additional Rs 10,000 crore of annual investment in capital formation.\"The economists are unanimous on the rationalization of subsidies and purely based on the principle of social justice. \"\"Subsidy should be given for building capabilities of some deprived section of society for a limited time frame,\"\" he said.The economists brought out some \"\"fundamental flaws\"\" in the administrative set up. Not only is the bureaucracy all powerful but the division of roles is skewed. \"\"To improve functioning of the fiscal policy of the state, the government should merge the ministry of revenue with the ministry of finance. As of now, ministry of finance is doing the functions of expenditure only,\"\" said professor Kesar Singh Bhagoo from the Centre for Research in Economic Change, Punjabi University.Considering poor health parameters which are also a drag on the economy, the document says that the public expenditure should be raised in Punjab from present less than 1% to 2% of SDP in the coming budget and it should be raised to 3% in subsequent years.The discretionary policy of distribution of grants like \"\"sangat darshan\"\" has undermined the principle of equity, says the document. \"\"Even chief minister Parkash Singh Badal has admitted that the programme has become counter productive yet he has been practicing this religiously,\"\" said professor Lakhwinder Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14141163", "title": "T Cong leaders wary of Jagan wave", "text": "HYDERABAD: Congress leaders from Telangana fear that the grand old party is being supplanted by YSR Congress in the region. The leaders, who met at the residences of panchayat raj minister K Jana Reddy and former Rajya Sabha MP K Keshava Rao on Wednesday and Thursday, were unanimous in their opinion that unless corrective measures were taken immediately, the Congress would be completely replaced by the YSR Congress in the coming pachayat raj and municipal elections which are expected to be held by the end of this year.A meeting of MPs, MLAs and other senior leaders from the region has been planned for Saturday. In the meetings held over the last couple of days, leaders Jana Reddy, Keshava Rao, Gutha Sukhender Reddy, K Yadava Reddy, B Bikshamaiah Goud, B Kamalakar Rao, M Sridhar Reddy, Gandra Venkataramana Reddy et al discussed the emerging post-bypoll scenarios in the region.The new trend, according to these leaders, for the region which is still hostile to Congress is an willingness to welcome YSR Congress. They are said to be unhappy that AICC general secretary Ghulam Nabi Azad and Union minister Vayalar Ravi did not campaign for the Parkal seat.\"If the situation is allowed to continue then YSR Congress is bound to replace the Congress with many preferring to join Jaganmohan Reddy,\" was the general outlook at the meetings.The leaders are planning a wider consultation on the situation created by the Parkal byelection at Saturday's meeting. They are of the view that the only way to contain the Jagan threat in Telangana is to carve out a separate state.\"An action plan will be finalized at Saturday's meeting,\" Keshava Rao said, adding that the last bypolls, in which the Congress had been routed, was the wake-up call to all the party leaders hailing from Telangana.\"There is a clear message from Andhra that the region is not opposed to the formation of a separate Telangana state. Now, our duty is to convey this message in clear terms to the party high command and caution it about the possible consequences were the party to ignore it,\" Rao told TOI.\"The fact that many Telangana Congress leaders such as V Hanumantha Rao, D Srinivas, DK Aruna, N Uttam Kumar Reddy, R Ananda Bhaskar have successfully campaigned in Andhra regions amply demonstrates the fact that Andhra people are not against the formation of a Telangana state.\"At the same time, Telangana is out of bounds for Andhra Congress leaders, including chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy and PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana,\" is the point the leaders want to convey to the party high command.Many leaders feel that the party should take steps to prevent a Parkal-like situation recurring in the local body elections.The leaders are planning to take a big delegation to Delhi to apprise the party leadership of the likely political situation if YSR Congress emerges as a major player in state politics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14141203", "title": "Errant biker\u2019s aides hit cop, flee with bike", "text": "NEW DELHI: A policeman who was taking an impounded bike to the traffic pit was thrashed by two associates of the biker near Saket Metro station. They also walked off with the bike.Constable Suresh Singh (28), who works with Mehrauli traffic circle in the Sadik Nagar area of south Delhi, was on duty on MB Road in Pushp Vihar from 6.30pm to 10.30pm on Monday night along with six other cops, including a sub-inspector, police said.Around 10.15pm, an assistant sub-inspector stopped the biker for routine check. Laxman, a resident of Madangir, could not produce any paper and was issued a challan under the motor vehicles Act. The bike was also impounded.Police said the accused began to argue with the cops and made a phone call to two associates who soon arrived at the spot. A senior officer then ordered Singh to take the bike to the Lado Sarai traffic pit.A source said that as Singh drove away with the bike, the two associates followed him on their bike while Laxman stayed back. Near Saket Metro station, they signalled Singh to stop. As Singh did not stop, they hit him on the head with a helmet and fled with the bike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14141246", "title": "Cancel bail granted to Gupta, kin: DLF, govt to HC", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government and real estate company DLF on Thursday approached the AP high court seeking cancellation of bail granted to realtor G S Gupta and two of his family members.DLF company was allegedly duped to an extent of Rs 280 crore by G S Gupta following which criminal proceedings were launched against him. While evading the police, Gupta had moved the Supreme Court for anticipatory bail and the apex court had stayed the proceedings against him for three weeks. In the meantime, Gupta moved the trial court last month and secured bail. This bail was on Thursday challenged by the state and DLF.Public prosecutor Vinod Kumar Deshpande contended that Gupta and his associates should have first offered themselves to the process of trial court before seeking bail. In the absence of such surrender, granting them bail is illegal, the prosecutor said.Justice Samudrala Govindarajulu, before whom the matter came up, posted the case for hearing to Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14145189", "title": "Sanand accident: Hunt on for driver", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For 45 natives of Jhabua who boarded a loading truck to reach home anyhow, the journey turned out to be a hellish ride to tragedy. The truck driver lost his balance - for reasons as yet undetermined - around 5.30 am and the truck keeled over. Soon, persons sleeping on bags of processed salt fell on their backs as a cascade of bags swamped them. After five minutes, 24 were dead and 17 injured. People residing near the accident site were the first to help the victims.J K Ninama, sub-inspector of Sanand police station investigating the case, told TOI that police don't know for sure how the accident took place. \"There are no major road problems where the accident occurred,\" he said. \"We tried to search for the driver and the cleaner but have not found them. We have contacted the truck owner to ascertain the driver's identity.\"Sanand police officials said that the truck, registered in Bhavnagar, was used to ferry processed salt from saltpans situated in little Rann of Kutch and the shores of Kutch to Indore in Madhya Pradesh.\"When we talked to some of the victims, we got to know that the work at saltpans had come to an end for the workers from Jhaubua,\" said an official. \"They had received their salaries and were heading home. The group, comprising seven to eight families, had been to Bhachau bus stand and were waiting for a bus when the truck offered them a ride up to Jhabua. Around 45 persons thus got on top of the sacks. It was a dangerous move as the weight of the truck increased considerably.\"Ninama said that police have at the moment registered a case of accident and accidental deaths. \"We believe that the driver might have nodded off and lost control of the vehicle, perhaps because tyres from one side slipped off the road,\" the official said.Deadly highwaysAccidents on Ahmedabad district highways over past yearApril 28, 2012: Ten persons including seven women died when a mini-truck carrying 22 persons turned turtle near Khadol village on Dhandhuka-Badodara highway early in the morning. The injured were taken to Bhavnagar civil hospital for treatment. The driver had lost control of the truck, which resulted in the victims being buried under sacks of wheat on which they were sitting.March 2, 2012: Five persons died and 10 were injured in a triple accident on Dhandhuka-Fedara highway in the wee hours. The injured were taken to Dhandhuka and Ahmedabad hospitals. The incident took place near Medara village when a speeding truck rammed into a jeep coming from the opposite direction. A car behind the truck crashed into the vehicles.February 14, 2012: Two youths died and two others were injured at Khadol Patiya near Dhandhuka on Bagodara-Bhavnagar highway early in the morning. The group was going towards Surat with household goods, as one of the deceased - who had been married the previous week in Bhavnagar - was in the process of moving into a new home.January 1, 2012: A 24-year old woman, resident of Naranpura, had gone to celebrate New Year with her two doctor colleagues at a party venue near Sarkhej. Patel was riding a scooter on the SG Highway when she was hit by a trailer. She sustained severe body injuries and died after primary medication.June 17, 2011: Seven people were killed and 11 injured when a mini-bus they were travelling on was rammed by a truck near Viramgam. All deceased, except one, were women. The incident took place on Viramgam-Dhrangadhra highway at 2 pm. An eyewitness, who was also injured in the accident, said the truck had rammed the bus from the rear when the bus (carrying 19 passengers) was passing by Nana Akota village.June 11, 2011: Three persons died and four were injured near Sanand when an LPG tanker heading towards Ahmedabad rammed into an autorickshaw. Two youths riding a bike behind the tanker collided with it. Two persons from the auto and one on the bike died and three others were injured.June 9, 2011: A loading truck carrying ceramic material to Madhya Pradesh ran over 18 pilgrims near Begva village on Dholka-Bagodara highway at 1.45 am after a suspected tyre burst. The pilgrims had come to participate in a local Urs festival and were sleeping outside roadside stalls after hours of walking. Eleven others were injured in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14141323", "title": "Tributes pour in for Pak ghazal maestro", "text": "MUMBAI: As word arrived that ghazal singer Mehdi Hassan will be interred in Karachi on Friday, tributes continued to pour in from all corners of the world. The singer had been ailing for 12 years during which the inevitable often came in sight, but when the curtains finally drew on Wednesday the pang was unmistakable.Speaking from Dhaka, singer Runa Laila recalled having sung innumerable film duets in Pakistan with him decades ago. She said, \"I had learnt music from his elder brother, Ustad Ghulam Qadir, who composed some of his ghazalsWe sang several Pakistani film songs together and I remember the leisurely chats that followed.\"Mehdi Sahab was nominated for a lifetime achievement award around six years ago, and through the recesses of his failing memory, he recognized Runa Laila and invited her to sit beside him at the function.Meanwhile, as Ustad Rashid Khan sat down to perform in Mumbai on Thursday evening, his thoughts turned to another concert in the city several years before. \"You can imagine my elation at seeing Mehdi Hassan among the audience. He was ill but made sure to come because he had heard of me. I performed with renewed vigour that evening, and at the end of the concert, he had tears in his eyes as he blessed me,\" he said.Vocalist Vandana Khandekar was privileged to have attended a show in Mumbai in 1977. \"He cast a spell over his listeners. The tonal quality of his voice, his diction and his presentation, everything was superb,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14151682", "title": "Govt approves 77 acres for BSF's marine police", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state revenue department has finally decided to allot 77 acres of land for marine battalion of the Border Security Force (BSF) by month end. The BSF had been demanding land to strengthen its marine patrolling along the vast international marine border with Pakistan . The area is in the Jhakau of Kutch district.The BSF had placed a demand of 18 proposals before the state government informing them of some immediate requirements. Senior officials of the department claim that eight of the proposals will be fulfilled within a weeks time while 16 other proposals will require at least two weeks. Whan asked what were these demands, the official replied . \"These details cannot be divulged as it is a sensitive project and concerns our border security,\" says the revenue department official.\"As of now we have allotted 77 acres to the BSF as it was their immediate requirement. The land will be transfered to teh bSF by the end of this week,\" says the revenue department official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14150622", "title": "Ministers\u2019 body urges Centre to review North East industrial promotion policy", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Forum of Industries and Commerce Ministers of North Eastern States (FICMNES) has decided to ask Centre for reviewing the North East Industrial and Investment Promotion Policy (NEIIPP) 2007 for giving thrust to micro, small and medium enterprises (MSME) sector in the region.The two-day meeting of FICMNES, which ended here on Thursday, came to the conclusion that as northeast does not have enough land for setting up big industries, NEIIPP 2007 should be fine-tuned for encouraging micro, small and medium industries.With NEIIPP 2007 on the threshold of completing five years, the meeting did a midterm appraisal of the policy and what needed to be done so that it can push forward economic development. \"We have realized that the northeast's big constraint is shortage of land suitable for large industries. We have decided to ask the Centre for revision of NEIIPP 2007 so that more emphasis is given to MSME sector,\" FICMNES chairman and Assam industries minister Pradyut Bordoloi said.Bordoloi said that though NEIIPP 2007 has served the region by attracting investment in various sectors, midterm appraisal has identified some lacunae in the implementation of the policy. In five years till March 31, 2012, Bordoloi said, northeast received 336 investment proposals worth over Rs 38,000 crore from the private sector alone. Assam got the highest share of investment proposal with Rs 21,152 crore.Bordoloi said the cement sector topped the list with 50 investment proposals, followed by 40 in the pharma sector.Other sectors like hotels and resort got 35 investment proposals, 16 proposals for plastic industries and 10 proposals for health care. \"Apart from these major sectors, there are also about 81 assorted new sectors where Northeast has received investment proposals under NEIIPP 2007,\" Bordoloi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14141131", "title": "Was Pinki Pramanik asked to quit athletics?", "text": "BANGALORE: Even as athletes and coaches expressed surprise at the news that Pinki Pramanik was arrested by the Bengal police following allegations of rape, sources said the versatile Bengal athlete, who was also known for her \"rough behaviour\", was quietly pulled out of the 2006 Doha Asian Games fearing double embarrassment.After Santhi Soundarajan failed the gender test at the Asiad, the Indian contingent sensed danger and packed Pinki - who was part of the gold-winning 4x400m relay squad - off to India at the earliest. \"In 2007, a medical team at the Sports Authority in Patiala conducted tests on Pinki and apparently, she failed the gender test. It was then that the AFI asked her not to compete in any more events,\" a coach told TOI. Incidentally, the women's relay title was India's only gold in athletics in Doha.The AFI's muted warning explains why Pinki, who was part of the 4x400m medal winning squad at the Melbourne Commonwealth Games and Doha Asian Games, suddenly went missing from the national camps and competitions.\"It is clear that AFI told her to exit the scene. Otherwise there is no reason why a top athlete who was part of the prestigious relay squad would do a vanishing act,\" sources said.Reacting to her arrest, another insider said it explained why a top athlete took a transfer to Kolkata to share a room with Pinki. \"After Pinki was forced to leave the camp this athlete took a transfer to Kolkata and stayed with her,\" he said.Another top athlete who has attended the national camp along with Pinki recalled: \"Looking back we used to wonder when she leaped over sofas while watching TV. In hindsight some of her actions were suspicious. Also surprising was her ability to excel in all events from 100m to 1500m,\" she said.Even as a junior athlete, Pinki was no stranger to controversies. At the national junior athletics in Kollam in 2003, she broke the meet record in 400m but was in the dock for two different 'date of birth' certificates - one mentioning 1986 and the other 1987 - provided by the Bengal association to the local organizers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14148549", "title": "Six new sub-registrar offices to ease property registration in Surat", "text": "SURAT: Residents, especially those buying new homes in the diamond city, have heaved a sigh of relief as the state government's revenue department has given a go ahead for setting up six new sub-registrar offices for the registration of property documents.Official sources said the residents were facing difficulties registering their newly purchased properties as the city had only four sub-registrar offices. With the setting up of six new offices, the city will have a total of 10 offices from where the residents could register their property documents.Following a boom in the realty market, sub-registrar offices in the city are flooded with people wanting to register their property documents. As the city had only four sub-registrar offices, the residents had to stand in the serpentine queues since morning to get their documents registered.Sources said that about 700 property documents are registered in each of the sub-registrar offices in the city per day. Due to the shortage of staff and other problems, the residents had to take tokens from the office to register their documents. This led to the entry of the touts at the sub-registrar offices, who would take the tokens in advance and would force the residents to cough up money for getting their documents registered on early basis.The existing four sub-registrar offices are located in four different zones namely Athwa, Katargam, Navagam and Udhana. The six new sub-registrar offices would be located in other six zones including Althan, Umbhadia, Hazira, Rander, Bhatha and Nanpura.\"The city will have a total of 10 sub-registrar offices and that the work would be distributed. However, the residents would not have to stand in serpentine queues or face harassment from the touts\" said DD Mevada, sub-registrar, Athwa zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14141045", "title": "'There was something fishy about her'", "text": "JAIPUR: Pinki Pramanik's arrest on charges that she is a 'male' hasn't really come as a surprise to many of her contemporaries in Bengal. \"There was always something fishy about her,\" an athlete who competed against her, told TOI on conditions of anonymity.However, no one complained as they were afraid of her. \"She was always very aggressive and we did not want to have anything to do with her,\" the athlete said. Pinki in fact, has been charged with theft and aggressive behaviour during her stay at the SAI hostel in Kolkata.She rarely mixed with other girls in the hostel and was something of a loner. It was always difficult to find athletes who would share room with Pinki. \"That was always a problem we faced,\" a Kolkata-based athletics coach told TOI. \"No one wanted to interact with her.\"According to the coach, Pinki did not have to undergo gender test before competitions. \"As per rules, gender test is done only when there is a complaint. However, no one was willing to speak against her,\" the coach added.He recalled that there was one incident when there was a complaint against her when she had over-performed during the heats of a tournament. Pinki, however, pulled out of the meet before the gender test could be done.\"She was close to a few officials and they always protected her,\" the coach said.Another senior coach said he had his doubts from the very first day she came to Kolkata from an obscure village. \"There was this girl from a village in Purulia, winning the 100m, 200m and 400m bare-footed on her very first day in Kolkata. It did not seem right,\" he said.Indian Railways was supposed to have gender-tested Pinki before recruiting her. However, there is no confirmation on where and when that was done. The result of a gender test from a government hospital will confirm whether the allegations against Pinki are true or not.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14151309", "title": "Global positioning system for garbage vans", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Ahmedabad Municipal corporation in order to track the garbage collection vehicles and also ensure that they are punctual in collecting garbage has decided to install global positioning system (GPS).The AMC decided to have GPS installed after it received complaints from residents that the vans were not punctual in collecting garbage. The Ahmedabad municipal corporation (AMC) has now plans to in-stall a global positioning system (GPS) and fit its garbage collection vans with GPS receivers so that the vans can be tracked while on duty.AMC officials said that the intitially no one took the complaints seriously but as the complaint increased they inquired and were surprised that the vans were not visiting the places they were assigned. \"Since we were not able to keep track of the vans, it decided to fit the vehicles with GPS receivers. The entire system for all the vehicles will cost Rs 2.5 crore and the contract for the systems with code solutions will be for three years.\"The GPS system will help the AMC monitor the movement of the garbage lifting vehicles and ensure that they visit the areas assigned to them regularly. Currently, AMC has 700-odd vehicles for collecting garbage from different residential and commercial localities of the city. The daily Garbage collection comes to around 3,500 tonnes.. It is intended solely for the addressee or addressees. If you are not an intended recipient, please delete the message and any attachments and notify the sender of misdelivery. Any use or disclosure of the contents of either is unauthorised and may be unlawful. All liability for viruses is excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law. Any views expressed in this message are those of the individual sender, except where the sender states them, with requisite authority, to be those of the specific TIMES GROUP company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "14153993", "title": "Five top paddlers set to defend titles at SAF Junior TT championship", "text": "SHILLONG: All eyes are on five top junior paddlers in the country, including a young world champion from Mizoram, who are set to defend their titles at the 12th South Asian Federation Junior Table Tennis Championship slated to be held here from June 17-19.Mallika Bhandarkar, currently ranks 95 in the world junior category, has won the French Open Cadet Singles in 2010, was runner-up in Bahrain Junior Open the same year, winner of Indian Open Cadet Singles in 2008 and 2010 and was runner-up in 2009.She was also a member of the gold medal winning Indian contingent in 2009 Asian championship in Japan, and was member of the 2011 silver medallist in French and Spanish Open. She was also in the team that won the US Open under-18 team and made the nation proud in 2009 and 2010 by winning the SAF Junior TT Championship.Abhishek Yadav, ranked 175 in world junior ranking, was a member of the US Open champion under-18 team, was member of the World Cadet Challenge and Junior Circuit and was runners up in doubles in the same event. He was also member of the runners up team of Indian Open 2008 and was crowned the Singles champ.Utkarsh Gupta ranks 37 (Cadet) in world winners of US Open 2010 and 2011, was South Asian Champion last year, Spanish Junior Open bronze medalist and also in Hongkong Junior Open and in Indian Open has lifted gold, silver and bronze medals respectively.Spoorthy Karnam ranked 35 in the world (Cadet) as an under-15 was in the team that lifted the US Open Championship last year and as an individual was placed second.Mizoram lad Lalrin Puia, who won last year's US Open Singles title and was runner-up in the Indian Open team cadet will defend his title.Indian national coach Sandeep Gupta expressed confidence that his wards are all eager to display their skills even as he hoped that they will come out with flying colours this time again.\"They have been working hard and we are confident of doing extremely well this time,\" Gupta said while expressing hope that the event will attract more young people from the region to the exciting world of table tennis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14152021", "title": "Crime Patrol will be a tri-weekly", "text": "Optimystix Productions' Crime Patrol on Sony TV has managed to strike the right chords with the audience and has been ruling the roost.And the channel in a strategy shift has decided to air it thrice a week. Yes, 'Crime Patrol' will go tri-weekly from 1July 2012. Sources inform the change has been brought in keeping in mind the popularity and the good numbers that the show has been receiving. As reported earlier Fireworks Productions' CID will also be aired thrice a week. Sources further inform that once the show turns bi-weekly in July the first episode aired will unfold the story of Karan Kumar Kakkar murder case which involved Vijay Plande. Mitil Jain who was last seen in ' Pavitra Rishta' will essay the role Vijay Palande. Vipul D shah remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14137203", "title": "Digitization: Broadcasters want no deadline extension", "text": "NEW DELHI: With a crucial meeting slated for Friday, broadcasters are united in their stand not to extend the June 30 deadline for digitization of cable services.The information and broadcasting (I&B;) ministry's taskforce will be reviewing progress in the four metros \u2014 Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai and Kolkata \u2014 with all the stakeholders including broadcasters, multi-system operators (MSOs) and cable operators.With only two weeks left, the ministry will be working on a strategy to ensure that viewers in all four cities have access to digital services.While Delhi and Mumbai have seen substantial number of viewers opting for digital set top boxes, Chennai and Kolkata are lagging behind.I&B; minister Ambika Soni had met all the stakeholders on June 8 and ruled out any extension on the deadline. In the meeting, the broadcasters, MSOs, cable operators had been given a proforma in which they could give their responses, suggestions, practical problems and also details of the progress they have achieved.The stakeholders have been asked to give an exhaustive feedback of the situation by June 11, and their feedback would be then discussed in the taskforce meeting on June 15, a senior official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14141171", "title": "HC explores options to rein in illegal hoardings", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court is set to decide if the BMC's superintendent of licences will be held liable for illegal hoardings in the city. The suggestion was put forward by activist Dr Anahita Pundole's legal team before a division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar.The judges have asked for suggestions and ordered the superintendent of licences to be in court for the next hearing on July 2. Senior advocate Iqbal Chhagla, who represented Pundole on Thursday, said, \"Every licence renewed every two years should have an endorsement by the superintendent of licences that the permission was granted in accordance with rules. This would ensure that it would be the officer's responsibility to ensure that every hoarding is legal and no approval is given for unauthorized hoardings.\"The judges pointed out that in many cases the licencing authorities' signatures were not legible. \"Legible signatures will make it easier to take action against the officer in case of violations,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14143071", "title": "Party with Sallu for Rs 1.75 crore", "text": "With a string of hits to his credit, Salman Khan is not just one of the highest paid actors when it comes to films. He has reportedly been quoting a jaw-dropping Rs 1.75 crore to make an appearance at events. What's more, the actor also wants to be ferried in chartered flights.Reportedly, Salman, after the success of Wanted, Dabangg and Ready, has raised his fee to a whopping Rs 50 crore (which includes profit share).But the box-office effect has rubbed off on the actor's off-screen aura as well. According to an insider, recently when he was offered Rs 1 crore along with a chartered flight for a couple of events in Dubai , the actor flatly refused to take them up.Insiders revealed that this sudden and staggering hike in remuneration is a brainwave of Salman's manager Reshma Shetty. According to reports, she was also the one who had convinced Salman to hike his fee for Dus Ka Dum and Bigg Boss.Sources close to the actor told TOI that more offers for events (business launch, birthdays, weddings) have started pouring in. \"Everybody wants Salman to perform at their event. If one person fails to offer him the amount of money he asks, another will,\" said the source.But Salman's spoils of success don't stop at merely a price hike. TOI has learnt that certain producers even consult the actor whether he wants the director of the film changed before he signs the project. And though, Salman does not push his choices, he does mention names of his favourite directors and asks the producers to select one.Reshma Shetty did not respond to our calls and text messages. Neither did Salman. Meanwhile... Salman Khan to play HanumanMaybe it's pure coincidence that the actor chooses to remain a bachelor offscreen as well. But we hear Salman Khan is Uru Patel's actor of choice when it comes to playing Lord Hanuman in the producer's modern-day re-telling of the epic Ramayana that he plans to put on floors next year.Salman Khan will be Uru's contemporary Hanuman, a super hero who can fly over mountains and skyscrapers to rescue Sita from the evil present-day Ravana. A source close to the project revealed the role had initially been offered to Aamir Khan but \"somehow, things did not materialise.\"Word is Uru is keen on Hollywood stars Keanu Reeves and Gary Oldman portraying Rama and Ravana, respectively. And while Shilpa Shetty was to essay the role of Sita, the actress opted out after the stork came visiting her. The latest being the hunt is on for a fresh international face to play Sita. Uru's Ramayana, incidentally his brother Raju's (late brother-in-law of Kumar Gaurav) dream, will see all the epic characters being reborn in 2012-13 New York .\"Uru wants to turn that dream into reality. Salman has shown interest. Things are being worked out but it's not going to be easy putting the film together. The cost is going to be astronomical as well,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14141650", "title": "Man held for Rs 5 crore fraud", "text": "JAIPUR: The police have arrested a fraudster on Thursday involved in at least a dozen of cases of swindling of nearly Rs 5 crores in the state. He used to lure investors by showing them fake land deals and foreign job \"offers\".Acting on a tip off, the Bajaj Nagar police arrested one Vikas Khandelwal (32) who was absconding since March, 2012 from Hiran Magari area in Udaipur district of the state.Initially, the police thought he was a small time conman but during interrogation it was revealed that he was involved and wanted in at least a dozen cases of cheating cases of over Rs 5 crores.A senior police officer, said, \"Vikas was a smooth operator and used to easily convince his clients and charge hefty fees from them on a pretext of selling plots or offering jobs. He used to charge anything between Rs 10 lakh and Rs 25 lakh.\"Police said at least a dozen cases of cheating were lodged against the accused in Sikar, JDA police station, Udaipur and other parts of the state.\"He is a wanted fugitive and several cases are pending against him,\" the officer added.Vikas did not even spare his relatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14145020", "title": "Oz retailer taxes online sales via 'antique' Microsoft Internet Explorer 7", "text": "WASHINGTON: An Australian online retailer, Kogan.com, has introduced the world's first \"tax\" on Microsoft's Internet Explorer 7 (IE7) browser.Customers who use IE7 will now have to pay an extra surcharge on online purchases made through the firm's site.Chief executive of the retail firm, Ruslan Kogan said he wanted to recoup the time and costs involved in \"rendering the website into an antique browser\".The charge is set to 6.8 per cent - 0.1 per cent for every month since the IE7 launch, while every month the surcharge will rise by 0.1 per cent.According to Kogan, the idea was born when the company started working on a site relaunch.Kogan said that even though only three percent of his customers used the old version of the browser, his IT team had become pre-occupied with making adaptations to make pages display properly on IE 7.\"I was constantly on the line to my web team. The amount of work and effort involved in making our website look normal on IE7 equalled the combined time of designing for Chrome, Safari and Firefox,\" the BBC quoted Kogan, as saying.Kogan said it was unlikely that anyone would actually pay the charges, and his goal is mainly encourage users to download a more up-to-date version of Internet Explorer or a different browser.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14145638", "title": "BJP ex-deputy mayor's spouse charged with power theft of Rs 5.25 lakh", "text": "SURAT: BJP leaders in Surat are shocked following the involvement of former deputy mayor and senior BJP leader Dr Jayaben Amipara's husband in a major power theft case. The theft was detected late on Thursday evening.The Torrent Power officials conducted a surprise checking drive in the area surrounding Aimata Chowk in Dumbhal area on Thursday. During the surprise inspection, the officials found the hospital run by former deputy mayor's husband Dr.Ramnik Amipara stealing electricity by illegally extending the line from the nearby electricity pole.Official sources said the Aimata hospital run by Dr.Ramnik Amipara has a Torrent Power connection. But, the hospital indulged in taking illegal electricity supply directly from the Torrent Power's main line passing through from behind the hospital premises. This was going on for the last many months.The visiting Torrent Power team slapped a total bill of Rs 5.25 lakh to Dr.Ramnik Amipara and that spot fine worth Rs 1.50 lakh was collected on the spot. Dr.Amipara has been asked to deposit the rest of the bill amount worth Rs 3.75 lakh in three installments.Sources said the incident has shocked the senior BJP leaders after the involvement of BJP's former deputy mayor's husband in the power theft case.\"Dr.Jaya Amipara is a senior leader in BJP and she was the leader of Mahila BJP unit. It is very shocking that her husband's name figured in the power theft case\" said a senior BJP leaders asking anonymity.When contacted Dr.Jaya Amipara refused to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14149076", "title": "BJP wins Maheshwar bypoll in Madhya Pradesh by impressive margin", "text": "BHOPAL: Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has wrested the Maheshwar (SC) seat in the by-election in Madhya Pradesh when its candidate defeated his nearest Congress rival by an impressive margin of 31, 766 votes.As the 14th round of counting of votes came to a close, BJP's Rajkumar Mev polled a total 85,037 votes as against the 53,271 votes secured by the Congress candidate Devendra Sadho. It's for the first time in electoral history of Maheshwar that BJP is winning the seat.Raj Kumar Mev, who had lost the 2008 assembly polls by a slender margin of more than 600 votes, maintained his lead right from the first round and he continued to consolidate his lead further in all the rounds leading to his victory in the by-election.Maheshwar (SC) constituency in the Nimar region in Khargone district was considered as a traditional stronghold of the Congress since independence as its candidate had won nine out of 13 elections held so far for this seat. Besides, the seat always remained with the politically powerful Sadho family. Initially, Sitaram Sadho represented the constituency for several years, followed by his daughter Dr Vijaylaxmi Sadho, a former minister.By-election for Maheshwar (SC) seat was necessitated as Dr Vijaylaxmi Sadho, who had won the seat as a Congress candidate, resigned following her election to the Rajya Sabha in 2010. This time, the Congress fielded her brother Devendra Sadho to take on the BJP in the by-election. \"It's writing on the wall for the Congress that what is in store for them in the 2013 assembly elections\", said state BJP media cell in charge Dr Hitesh Bajpai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14142853", "title": "Andhra bypolls: Counting underway", "text": "HYDERABAD: Counting of votes for the bypolls to 18 assembly seats and one parliamentary seat in Andhra Pradesh is underway.According to initial reports, Jaganmohan Reddy's YSR Congress has made some early gains.The first result is expected from Narsapuram Assembly segment in West Godavari district where the counting process will be completed in 12 rounds, according to state chief electoral officer Bhanwar Lal.\"There will be 13 counting centres in all in the 12 districts where by-polls were held. As many as 3,000 personnel are being used for the counting process in all the centres and a three-corridor security arrangements are being put in place,\" Bhanwar Lal told newsmen after reviewing the arrangements with the district Collectors, superintendents of Police and returning officers through a video conference on Thursday evening.While the minimum number of counting rounds was 12, the maximum would be 19 going by the number of voters in the respective segments.In all 79.69 per cent polling was recorded on an average in the by-elections.\"We can't say exactly when the first result will be declared but we hope the total results will be announced by 3 pm, with the Nellore Lok Sabha segment expected to take a longer time,\" the CEO said.Mobile phones have been totally barred inside the counting centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14145159", "title": "Engineering admissions beset by glitches", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Over 1,000-odd students who had applied for admission in engineering and pharmacy colleges reported that their names has not figured in the merit list . This has made the Admission Committee for Professional Courses declare thatThe admission process will continue and the choice filling will be now held on June 19 instead of June 18. . Investigations have revealed that most of these students had failed to register themselves or submit their documents for verification. \"Many failed to click the confirm button when asked if they were non-fee-waiver seeking students. Missing this one step led to the situation where their forms were not registered for admission,\" an official said. tnnThese students have now been asked to reach the helpline centers and fill their forms compulsorily at the helpline centers.They also have to take the documents for verification.Meanwhile, there are 1500 students of Patan and Surat who were declared failed after wrong answer key was administered to check their papers online. The result of these students has been changed and are now eligible for admission.\"These students will also be allowed to fill the admission forms between June 14 and 16 at the helpline centers so that they are not kept out of the admission process\", said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14144126", "title": "'Tighten EIA reports for mining approvals'", "text": "PANAJI: The central government must mandate a more lengthy and detailed consideration of community impacts within the \"environment impact assessment\" (EIA) reports for mining approvals, Human Rights Watch (HRW), an international organization dedicated to protecting human rights across the world, said, adding that the Centre should also ensure that new mining projects are not approved on the basis of \"incorrect or deliberately falsified data\".These recommendations are part of a HRW report titled \"Out of Control - Mining, Regulatory Failure and Human Rights in India\" that was released in Panaji on Thursday. The report studied the impact of mining on human rights in various parts of India, particularly Karnataka and Goa. It was released by Meenakshi Ganguly, HRW South Asia director, Chris Albin-Lackey, HRW senior researcher and Goan environmental activist Ramesh Gauns.The report points out that \"many of Goa's mines appear to have been established on the basis of environment impact assessments that contained erroneous or fabricated data-a nationwide problem\". It also notes that \"in theory , the environment ministry's regional office in Bangalore monitors whether the mines in Goa and neighbouring states are operating in compliance with the law and with the terms of their environmental clearances-and can shut them down if they are not. However, in practice, regional office staff rarely visit the state and have never halted the operations of any mine in Goa\". The report describes this as a \"nationwide affliction\".\"Mining operations often cause immense destruction when the government does not exercise proper oversight. India has laws on the books to protect mining-affected communities from harm, but their enforcement has essentially collapsed,\" said Ganguly, the HRW South Asia director.During their field visits, farmers in Goa and Karnataka told HRW that mining operations have destroyed or polluted vital springs. Overloaded trucks throw off clouds of iron-rich dust as they pass through rural communities, destroying crops and potentially damaging the health of nearby families. People who speak out have been threatened, harassed, or physically attacked, while government authorities have failed to address their grievances.Chris Albin-Lackey said that HRW will submit its report to the government and pursue it for the implementation of its recommendations. So poor is the regulatory framework of mining in India, even legal mines are completely free to decide whether they should comply with the rules or not. The report also recommends that the government institutes independent funding of EIA reports, for more thorough consideration of new projects and better quality control of the said reports.To drive home the point, environmentalist Ramesh Gauns cited examples of gross deviations. In mining lease TC number 110 in Advai (Pissurlem), the mining dumps are about 7km away from the actual lease and the dump length is about 1.73 km. In mining lease TC number 61/53 in Dharbandora (Codli), the mining lease is not even 50 m from the Kallem river.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14144760", "title": "Akshay Kumar to boogie to South chartbuster \u2018Appdi podu\u2019", "text": "The Rowdy Rathore superstar will incorporate the Tamil hit song in his forthcoming film Akshay Kumar , who entertained the audience with the South remake Rowdy Rathore, has one more regional hit item in his kitty. The superstar has finally acquired the remake rights of the Tamil chartbuster Appdi podu from Vijay-starrer Ghilli.Khiladi Kumar wasn't the only one interested in remaking this song though. Akki's Singh Is Kingg co-star Sonu Sood had spoken to Vidya Sagar, the composer of the hit song, even before the superstar expressed his interest to the music label company for the remake rights. The Maximum actor had planned to incorporate the foot-tapping Southern number in his maiden home Hindi film production Lucky Unlucky and had even chalked out details of singers and choreographers for it.But Sonu was certain from the beginning that he didn't want into get into a legal battle with his dear friend over a professional matter. The Maximum actor confirmed that Akki will adapt the chartbuster for the Hindi speaking audience. Sonu says, \"Yes, Akshay is remaking Appdi podu.\"We don't know which film the Rowdy Rathore superstar plans to incorporate Appdi podu into. But if rumours are to be believed, Akki will croon the Hindi equivalent in his forthcoming Naam Boss Hai. By the way, this film will be a remake of the South blockbuster Pokiri Raja, to be helmed by Blue director Anthony D'Souza.After Chinta ta ta Akki will lure audiences into theatres with the irresistible Appdi podu. This is one song we can't wait to shake booty to.Source: bollywoodlife.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14137083", "title": "Presidential polls: Cong tears into Mamata for naming names", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after her stunning coup, Congress lashed out at Mamata Banerjee for violating the \"dignity of consultation process\" by divulging the names given by party chief Sonia Gandhi, an accusation which sent the dipping relationship between the allies into a spiral.AICC general secretary Janardan Dwivedi broke Congress's overnight silence since the Mamata ambush to say the party had rejected the joint SP-TMC suggestion to pick the Presidential candidate from among A P J Abdul Kalam, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Somnath Chatterjee.\"We cannot afford to spare Manmohan Singh as PM. The other two names are not acceptable,\" he said, adding the party had already said that Singh would be PM till 2014.Dwivedi appeared to question Mamata's claim of Congress chief proposing Pranab Mukherjee and Hamid Ansari in that order of preference. He said if the candidate had been fianlised, it would have been a sole name and not two.He said, \"There is a dignity to the process. When such talks are held, names are not discussed outside.\"The strong statement set the tone for Congress to regain the lost ground in the battle of nerves with Bengal ally who teamed up with UPA's big hope Mulayam Singh Yadav to humiliate Congress by proposing the PM's name for titular position.The Congress rage triggered equally vociferous reaction from Samajwadi Party, with Ramgopal Yadav lashing out at the \"intolerance and egos\". \"You cannot reject a suggestion with such contempt just because it is not to your liking. It is against political decency and decorum,\" he said, adding disagreements can be articulated politely.Referring to the joint press conference held by Mamata Banerjee and Mulayam Singh Yadav on Wednesday, Ramgopal Yadav added, \"We did not utter a word about rejecting Pranab Mukherjee or Hamid Ansari. We only suggested few names, we never use the word like reject.\"In fact, Ramgopal turned the tables on Congress by saying what the partymen have spoken in murmurs.\"Congress did not want to make Pranab Mukherjee the President. If it wanted, it should have taken just his name and spoken to allies to build consensus around him,\" he said.Ramgopal said things would not have come to such a pass if Congress had spoken to allies and taken them into confidence about their decision. \"SP is the third largest party after Congress and BJP, but Congress never spoke to us,\" he said.He also rubbished comments that SP was looking to precipitate a crisis for mid-term polls since the sentiment in UP is in its favour. \"We don't work with the objective of personal gains. We will not put such a high burden on people by triggering early snap polls. It depends on Congress if it wants elections earlier than 2014.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14151543", "title": "NMA, DMRC clash over heritage line", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Metro and National Monuments Authority (NMA) are at loggerheads again over the controversial heritage corridor. While Delhi Metro's proposal for the underground line which runs close to several protected monuments has been awaiting an NOC from NMA for almost a year now, the Metro body has clashed with NMA over interpretation of the Monuments Act of 2010. While DMRC maintains that no-construction within 100-m of protected monuments clause is limited to surface level only, NMA's views are that it also includes below ground level construction in the prohibited zone.Section 20A of the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains (Amendment and Validation) Act, 2010 says that 'Every area, beginning at the limit of the protected area or the protected monument, and extending to a distance of 100-m in all directions shall be the prohibited area in respected to such prohibited area or protected monument.' Experts say the dispute between NMA and DMRC are over the definition of all directions'' and clarity had to be sought on the issue. Our view is that all directions also means underground but DMRC's views are that it only means above ground construction in 100-m. We are considering consulting the law ministry for clarity over the issue as the Act in itself is vague over the matter,'' said a senior NMA official.The corridor, which runs close to protected monuments like Khooni Darwaaza, Delhi Gate, Red Fort etc, is entirely underground. A lot of the tunneling work by DMRC will be in prohibited areas. The law ministry will have to take a view whether this is forbidden under the Act or not as DMRC and NMA differ on the issue,'' said a source. NMA officials said that a committee has been formed to with members from ASI, DMRC and other experts to discuss the specifics of the project. DMRC has also been asked to prepare a heritage impact assessment report on lines of the one submitted by Northern Railways for the Salimgarh project. We have also suggested INTACH commission the report but the final decision will be taken by Delhi Metro. The heritage impact assessment report is mandatory under the Act,'' said NMA officials. The proposed heritage line, which would run between Jantar Mantar and Kashmere Gate covering a distance of about 16km, would pass by eight to 10 ASI-protected monuments, including the Red Fort. Starting from Jantar Mantar, the line proposes to touch Mandi House, ITO, Khooni Darwaza, Ferozeshah Kotla, Delhi Gate, Jama Masjid, Sunehri Masjid and Red Fort before terminating at Kashmere Gate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14140290", "title": "Many colleges wrap up degree admissions", "text": "MUMBAI: Several city colleges have wrapped up degree admissions, with almost all seats filled in the third list, put up on Thursday. With few cancellations in previous rounds, the colleges witnessed a marginal dip in cut-offs from the second merit list. Most colleges will begin classes from the forthcoming week.Shobhana Vasudevan, principal, R A Podar College, said there was no scope for a final list as most seats were taken away on Thursday.\"Cut-offs dipped marginally by 1 point. In BMS Arts, there were no seats, science and commerce in BMS came down marginally. We put up the list as there were some cancellations in the second list.\"Rekha Bahadur, vice-principal, HR College of Commerce, said, \"There is no scope for the next list as we came up with the third only to fill up a handful of seats.\" Seats at Jai Hind and Xavier's were already full.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14145024", "title": "Bus burned down to shell in accident", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Traffic came to a standstill on Ashram Road near Nehru Bridge at 3 pm on Thursday when an AMTS bus erupted in flames after an accident.In a matter of minutes, the entire bus was gutted in fire, halting the traffic moving in the direction of Navrangpura. A team of Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) managed to doused the flames after an hour-long operation.An AFES official said that the incident took place when an AMTS bus, plying on route number 31/2, rammed into a BRTS feeder bus. The mishap was caused due to malfunctioning of the brakes of AMTS bus.The CNG pipe in the BRTS feeder bus broke due to impact. \"The hot engine of AMTS bus ignited the gas that started spreading in frame of the bus. While the feeder bus was empty, the AMTS bus had around 25 passengers, who swiftly alighted. We have filed a case of accident and have started investigation,\" said Ellisbridge police inspector B K Purohit.The incident caused heavy traffic jam on Ashram stretch from Ellisbridge to Nehru Bridge for over an hour. Police personnel from two nearby police stations were called to clear the bottleneck.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14149448", "title": "84 women held in major raids on liquor breweries", "text": "SURAT: A 40-member police team raided 50 liquor breweries and 34 storage spaces in Gabheni and its surrounding areas in the city outskirts at about 3 am on Thursday and arrested 84 women allegedly involved in the illegal business. The women make around Rs 1,000 per day from liquor brewing and of the arrested 50 are widows.\"The raids were planned as per city police commissioner's instructions and were conducted in the morning hours so as to nab the accused at the breweries itself without giving them any chance to escape,\" said N P Gohil, police inspector, crime branch.Crime branch sleuths till evening were busy collecting containers, barrels, chemicals and ready liquor from the spot. Police were taking the seized materials in trucks from the spot.\"It was a major operation as a large number of liquor addicts get their supply from here,\" police said.\"Liquor is our lifeline. If we stop brewing we would not be able to survive. We don't have any other source of income. Once released, we will be back to liquor brewing,\" an accused said.The liquor breweries start operating at 3 am. Some of the reasons are police patrolling is irregular and smoke coming out of brewery is not visible at this hour. Besides, the liquor is ready for supply when the roads are clear.There are nearly 100 women in the region, who earn their livelihood through liquor brewing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14151833", "title": "Ropeway to connect Anandpur Sahib in Punjab with Naina Devi in HP", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In near future, pilgrims from Punjab may be able to reach Naina Devi temple in Himachal Pardesh in no time as both the state governments on Friday agreed to build a ropeway, which would connect both the places of worship.As per the proposal, the four-kilometer long ropeway would connect Anandpur Sahib in Punjab with Naina Devi in Himachal at an estimated cost of Rs 100 crore.The decision to build a ropeway was taken at a meeting of Punjab chief secretary Rakesh Singh with Himachal Pardesh chief secretary Sudripta Roy in Shimla on Friday.Officials said that the proposal had been hanging fire for over years as both the states had not been able to reach an agreement over various technical and monetary issues.Naina Devi temple, which is situated in Bilaspur district of Himachal bordering Anandpur Sahib, receives maximum footfalls from Punjab.Punjab Infrastructure Development Board (PIDB) would be the executing agency for the project.A senior Punjab official, who also participated in the meeting, said that it has also been decided that both governments would get the MoU for this project approved from their respective cabinets and after that both states would sign the MoU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14141685", "title": "Rain in parts of state, but city parched", "text": "JAIPUR: The pre monsoon activity has begun in the state as many parts of southern and eastern Rajasthan witnessed mild to moderate showers. However, in some parts the heatwave continued unabated as Dholpur remained hottest at 45 degrees celsius.Jaipurities woke up to a warmer morning but as the day progressed, the temperature fell and it was cloudy around evening and the city recorded a maximum of 40.8 degrees celsius. Jaipurites' hopes of a shower were once again dashed.Baran received rainfall of 5 cm. Chipabadot recorded rainfall of 4 cm. Kota also witnessed scattered rainfall.Met officials said monsoon, in actual terms, will not reach Rajasthan before July.Several places in the state, including Churu, Sriganganagar, Bikaner, Jaisalmer, Jodhpur and Barmer remained dry and recorded maximum temperatures above 40 degrees celsius.The Met office in its forecast said that dust storms followed by rain would be witnessed in the southern and eastern parts of the state, however in rest of the state the mercury will continue to take an upward swing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "samui ( thailand )", "code": "14151515", "title": "Anirban Lahiri lies fourth, Himmat and Chiragh make the cut in Queen's Cup", "text": "SAMUI ( THAILAND ): Anirban Lahiri produced a strong finish with two birdies in the last three holes to come within two shots of the leader to be at sole fourth spot at the midway stage of the Queen's Cup on Friday.Lahiri, who carded an even par 71 on first day, turned in three-under 68 and at three-under 139. He is three shots behind co-leaders Miguel Tabuena (67-70) and Thaworn Wiratchant (70-67). Bangladesh pro Siddikur (70-68) is third.Lahiri started with a bogey, but quickly recovered with birdies on sixth and ninth and turned in one-under. He birdied the 11th but bogeyed the 12th. He then birdied the 16th and 18th to finish at 68 for the day.Meanwhile, three of the four Indians in the fray made the cut. Himmat Rai and Chiragh Kumar (76-72) made the cut, while Ajeetesh Sandhu (78-73) missed it.Rai, the best Indian at 10th after first round, kept his position intact with a second round one-over 72 despite a poor run between third and seventh with two bogeys and a double bogey.Rai was four-over after seven holes, before finding his way back with two birdies on eighth and ninth and then two more on 12th and 15th. He had another bogey on 11th.Chiragh, who shot a disappointing 76 on first day, squeezed inside the cut line with a 72 and is lying 54th.However, like Sandhu (78-73), Kunal Bhasin (75-75) also missed the cut.The strong winds sent scores soaring but Lahiri felt right at home in Samui with an impressive display.\"When I was practicing in Bangalore last week, it was surprisingly windy, much windier than here. I've been working a lot on controlling my ball flight which is the key on this course,\" said Lahiri, a two-time Asian Tour winner.\"I'm quite happy. It was a tough day, at least starting out, it was very tough. The winds were howling and swirling. I got off to a bogey start, so I'm happy with how I pulled things in and put my head down,\" he added.Filipino teenager Tabuena produced a gutsy comeback with a battling one-under-par 70 to share the halfway lead with in-form Thai veteran Thaworn Wiratchant.The 17-year-old Tabuena was three-over through six holes on a wind-swept day at the Santiburi Samui Country Club before brilliantly fighting back with four birdies on his inward nine for a two-day total of five-under-par 137 in the $300,000 Asian Tour event.Thaworn, former number one with 12 career wins, produced an impressive 67 to give himself a chance of tying countryman Thongchai Jaidee's record 13 Asian Tour victories.Siddikur, whose career first top-10 was achieved two years ago in Samui, shot a solid 68 to lie third.Reigning Asian Tour number one Juvic Pagunsan of the Philippines fired the day's best of 65, thanks to an eagle at the last, to jump into contention on 140 with Thai duo Kiradech Aphibarnrat and Panuphol PIttayarat.Thailand's 56-year-old Boonchu Ruangkit, who shared the overnight lead on Thursday, shot a 74 for 141.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14143482", "title": "I wanted to make debut in issue based film: Abhishek", "text": "Doing a film like \" Chakradhaar\" isn't a choice that debutant Abhishek Anand made blindly. The film deals with a subject that he is concerned about - corruption in educational institutions - and thus, he felt this flick is just the right launch for him.He said, \"I always wanted to make my debut in an issue-based film. Through my film, I want to show that only 100% literacy can root out corruption in universities. People should not be deprived of education because of bhrashthachar.\" About the action sequences in the film, an excited Abhishek said, \"I've done some daredevil stunts in the film. Being a newcomer, I was pretty kicked and nervous about them. But the scenes were quite engrossing.\"Abhishek is gung-ho about his character in the film. \"The transition of my character from Shravan to Pandit had me completely charged up. It was a challenge for me to portray that change because it brought out a completely different shade to my character.\" Director Shakur Sir said, \"The purpose of making this film is to put across the message that the truth always wins,\" adding that education is crucial for the younger generation and that corruption is only marring its value. \"While researching on the subject, I read about the corruption in UP and Bihar universities and felt all the more strongly to make a film on the subject.\"Presented by Sir JVM Movies Pvt Ltd, directed by Shakur Sir, Dharamprakash and produced by Bharat Anand, \"Chakradhaar\" hits the theatres today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14150685", "title": "Mervyn Fernandes welcomes Hockey India's decision to reward past heroes", "text": "MUMBAI: Former forward Mervyn Fernandes has welcomed the Hockey India's decision to felicitate 34 living Olympic gold medallists at a ceremony in Delhi later this month.\"It would be great occasion to meet up with our old teammates like (Sylvanus) Dung Dung and also be personally present to offer our wishes to the current squad during the send-off on June 24th,\" Mervyn, a member of the Vasudevan Bhaskaran-led 1980 squad that last won a medal of any hue, let alone gold, in hockey at the Olympics, said.\"Narinder Batra (HI secretary-general) contacted me yesterday to ask whether I would make it to the felicitation function and I told him I would be present,\" said Mervyn who added that another 1980 Moscow Games team member, MM Somaya, also has drawn plans to be present at the function.Each one of the living gold medal winning hockey Olympian is to be given a one-time cash benefit of Rs 2 lakh, Batra said on Friday.Mervyn said apart from the gold medal winners, those who have got silver and bronze medals in hockey at the Olympics deserved to be rewarded.\"The 1960 ( Rome ), the 1968 ( Mexico City ) and 1972 ( Munich ) teams also deserve to be felicitated. But with the paucity of funds (with HI), you have to draw the line somewhere,\" said the 52-year-old former inside right who formed a deadly frontline combination with the likes of Mohd Shahid and Zafar Iqbal in his heydays.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14153507", "title": "Barack Obama confers with Manmohan Singh on G-20 summit, strategic talks", "text": "WASHINGTON: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh may have had a shaky moment or two in office over the past week, but US President Barack Obama has no doubts about his partnership with him.Buffeted by a continuing economic crisis and facing a possibly catastrophic eurozone meltdown, Obama phoned India's economist prime minister - briefly shaken up by the presidential developments at home -- on Thursday night to confer on various international crises.A White House readout listed the steps they agreed on to ''strengthen the resilience of the global economy in response to persistent risks in the eurozone and elsewhere'' as the first item of their discussion. They also on focused on measures to boost global growth and discussed regional and international issues of mutual interest, it said.The two leaders are scheduled to meet at the G-20 Summit in Los Cabos, Mexico next week, but such is the nature and frequency of their exchanges that they conferred before that, with the White House saying they agreed to work closely together toward a successful summit.Fears of a eurozone meltdown are sweeping across both sides of the Atlantic ahead of the Greek elections on Sunday with a possible ripple effect across the world. The prophets of doom are already writing off the Union, a development that will almost certainly singe US, China, India and all major economies of the world.The US is also winding down rapidly from Afghanistan ahead of its November presidential election, virtually outsourcing to India considerable responsibility for stabilizing the situation through economic and developmental intervention. US officials refute suggestions that Washington is leaving India holding the can, saying US footprint would remain in Kabul long after 2014, but Afghanistan has become a hot button topic between the two sides, consecrated in the announcement for a trilateral dialogue that excludes Pakistan.Robert Blake , the US assistant secretary of state for the region who reviewed the strategic dialogue with the media on Thursday denied that trilateral dialogue between US, India and Afghanistan was in anyway directed against Pakistan. In fact, Islamabad had been notified about the trilaterals, the details of which are still being worked out, he added.But it is evident that the Obama administration is preparing to work without, or around Pakistan, following the Salala apology fiasco, with India playing some role in the US drawdown and future stabilization. In fact, such is the bad blood between Washington and Islamabad now that the US is willing to spend $ 100 million a month more to move supplies in and out through the so-called Northern Distribution Network, but not apologize to Pakistan, whose route would cost much less.On Thursday, a prominent US Senator, Dianne Feinstein , suggested the administration could repair ties with Pakistan with a token apology but there was no sign that defence secretary Leon Panetta , who threw up the $100 million per month NDN cost, was willing to go down that route. Instead, the Pentagon is looking at dispersing its Afghan armaments in countries across Central Asia, an effort in which Indian logistics may come in handy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "vadodara/anand", "code": "14152062", "title": "SPU gives lump-sum marks to 77 % M Com students, alleges youth Congress", "text": "VADODARA/ANAND: Anand district youth Congress leaders on Friday created ruckus at Sardar Patel University (SPU) premises alleging that the university has given lump-sum marks to 77 percent students of M Com (previous).The youth Congress leaders raised slogans outside SPU office and submitted a memorandum to vice-chancellor Harish Padh alleging that of the 349 students who have been declared passed in M Com (previous) exams, 271 students have received lump-sum marks.\"A total of 1,115 students had appeared the exams of which 349 were declared passed. Ironically, as many as 188 students have received the same marks - 40 whereas 83 other students have received marks in between 41 and 45,\" Ravi Patel, a youth Congress leader said.\"In other bigger irony, a student Sunitkumar Rajput, who had stood third in the university at B Com level and has cleared his CA exams in first attempt too has received only 40 marks,\" said Patel, adding that all these lump-sum marks have been in business environment subject.The youth Congress leaders have demanded that SPU should immediately announce proper re-assessment of answer sheets of all the 1,115 students without collecting any fees from them. Also, they want the university to constitute an inquiry and seek apology from the teacher responsible for the act.\"If the university officials fail to act on our demand in next seven days, we will go for an indefinite hunger strike,\" said Alpesh Padhiar, president of Anand district youth Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14145351", "title": "Waste Dump to become green hill", "text": "COIMBATORE: Residents of Vellalore and nearby areas can hope for respite from the black soot and smoke from the frequent fires that break out of the dump yard of the city municipal corporation.After numerous incidents of fire and protests from the enraged residents, the city corporation has started capping the 300-acre garbage dump. After it is capped, the trapezoid-shaped structure will be landscaped to look like a 15-metre high green hillock.\"The fire will be stopped and other environmental issuess caused by the waste in the yard will be solved once the process is completed,\" said T K Ponnusamy, commissioner, Coimbatore Corporation. The work is being undertaken as part of the JNNURM (Jawaharlal Nehru Urban Renewal Mission) solid waste management project of the city municipal corporation.According to civic officials, as much as nine lakh metric tonnes of waste is lying in the 300-acre yard since 2003 will be accumulated and dumped in a '17-acre footprint area' identified for the scientific closure of the garbage. Garbage heaps in the yard are now being accumulated and brought to this identified spot where it will be compacted into an inverted boat-shaped mound. The capping on the top surface will be done starting with a 200 millimetre line of gravel followed by a 600 mm lining of clay and another 150 mm of gravel. A filter lining of geo textile, a fabric-like material, will be provided on top and another 200 mm of soil dumped on it, which will serve as the base on which lawn grass and other shrubs will be planted. Thirty four gas vents will be provided to release methane and other gases. A storm water drain channel will be constructed along the periphery of the hillock to ensure proper flow of rainwater. The 1.2 metre impermeable lining of gravel, clay and geo-textile filter will prevent any seepage of water into the closed dump, an engineer at the yard told TOI.After completion, the hillock will be maintained for the next 20 years by Coimbatore Integrated Waste Management, the private firm that has partnered the city corporation in its solid waste management project. Thereafter, the corporation is expected to manage the site.The capping is estimated to cost around Rs 12.56 crore out of which 50% will be met with JNNURM funds, 30% raised through public private partnership and the remaining 20% from state government coffers. When the project was proposed first in 2006, the estimated cost was around Rs 5.2 crore.Residents, of course, are relieved with the project. \"Frequent fires at the dump yard are a major health hazard for most of the residents who are forced to inhale the smoke which is mixed with toxic fumes emanating from the waste heaps. We have been constantly raising the demand to the corporation to properly manage the site,\" said R Ganeshan, a resident living near the Vellalore dump.However, K S Mohan of Kurichi-Vellalore Pollution Prevention Action Committee, which has been spearheading public protests against the dump, claimed that the capping can't undo the damage already done. \"The heaps that are being scientifically capped now will not make any difference since they were lying there for the past 10 years and have already damaged the ground water in the region,\" he said.The Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board has also rapped the corporation on frequent outbreaks of fire in the dump and the lack of proper co-ordination from the civic body with them in ensuring minimum environmental damage, especially to the ground water table in Vellalore and nearby areas, from the dump yard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14135893", "title": "Deposits by Indians in Swiss banks register rise", "text": "NEW DELHI: Switzerland said the quantum of money held by Indians in Swiss banks stood at 2.18 billion Swiss francs (about Rs 12,740 crore) at the end of 2011, rising for the first time in the past five years.The figures were disclosed by the Swiss National Bank (SNB) in its annual handbook on Swiss banks published on Thursday.The total funds held by Indian individuals and entities include 2.025 billion Swiss francs held directly by them and 158 million held through 'fiduciaries' or wealth managers.The funds, described by SNB as 'liabilities' of Swiss banks towards their clients from India, are the official figures disclosed by the Swiss authorities and do not indicate the quantum of the alleged black money held by Indians in the safe havens of Switzerland.Also, SNB's official figures do not include the money that Indians or other nationals might have in Swiss banks in the name of other people.While there is no official estimate for such unaccounted funds, but some estimates put it as high as $20-25 billion.As per the data from SNB the quantum of funds held by Indians in Swiss banks had last increased in 2006 by about one billion Swiss francs to 6.5 billion Swiss francs (over Rs 40,000 crore), but fell to less than one-third by the end of 2010. It rose by about Rs 3,500 crore in 2011.In a white paper on black money tabled in Parliament last month, the Indian government had also mentioned that the total liabilities of Swiss banks towards Indians have been coming down since 2006, and fell by more than Rs 14,000 crore during the 2006-10 period. The liabilities stood at Rs 9,295 crore at the end of 2010, compared to Rs 23,373 crore in 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14144148", "title": "Cutbona trawler owners hit out at govt", "text": "Margao: Hitting out at the government for failing to desilt the mouth of river Sal before the monsoons, around 250 trawlers at the Cubona jetty anchored a week before the fishing ban was set in place suffering huge loses.\"We are actually supposed to anchor our trawlers at the jetty on June 15 but due to navigations problems that have risen due to the narrowing mouth of river Sal, we were forced to anchor as early as June 2,\" said Patrick D'silva , president Cutbona Boat Owners Union.The trawler owners suffered huge losses per day given the huge demand at this point of time, added D'silva.The bad weather conditions coupled with strong currents at the entrance of the jetty where an ever-increasing sandbar at the mouth of River Sal blocked the movement of fishing boats from coming to the jetty prevented boats from going to sea.\"The fisheries ministry is waiting for the consultant they appoint to submit a study on the jetty but instead should take up the issue of the ever increasing sandbars on a war footing and construct breakwaters (retaining walls) ahead of the sand bar,\" said D'silva.Trawler owners at Cutbona pointed out that the breakwaters would permanently solve the restriction on movement and save lakhs of rupees by spending on yearly dredging. \"The last dredging was carried out in 2009 to create a channel to allow the trawlers to pass through but sand has already started covering the jetty\" ,said a trawler owner.The trawler owner's further fear being forced to remain at anchor even after the fishing ban is removed due to the prevailing conditions.The state fisheries department is waiting the feasibility and environment impact assessment (EIA) reports to be submitted by appointed consultants West Bengal Fisheries Corporation (WBFC) in 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14151220", "title": "Hamid Karzai picks up threads of reconciliation with Taliban", "text": "NEW DELHI: Afghan president Hamid Karzai has restarted the reconciliation process with the Taliban, by announcing that Salahuddin Rabbani, head of Afghanistan's High Peace Council would visit Saudi Arabia and Pakistan to seek assistance. This announcement, made at the end of this week's Kabul conference is a sign that Karzai is picking up the threads of a political process that was shattered when the Taliban, with help from Pakistan's ISI, had assassinated the former council chief. Salahuddin is the son of the former chief, Burhanuddin Rabbani .The first ministerial conference to focus on Afghanistan's development and future included, among others, foreign ministers of Russia, Pakistan, U.K., Germany, Iran , Kazakhstan, Tajikistan, Turkey, Turkmenistan and Denmark. The US was represented by deputy secretary of State William Burns . Salman Khurshid , law minister, represented India, standing in for Pranab Mukherjee , who has been named the presidential candidate of the UPA government.The conference adopted a declaration to start political consultations between Afghanistan and its neighbours, as well as implement CBMs identified during the previous meeting in Istanbul . Sources said, it was largely as a result of Indian efforts that the preamble to the declaration included a reference to \"dismantling of terrorist sanctuaries and safe havens\", a thinly veiled reference to Pakistan's support to Taliban and other terrorist groups. India will host the next investors' meeting on Afghanistan on June 28.Speaking at the conference, Khurshid said, \"economic progress among the region can create a political dynamic that would discourage external interference aimed at destabilising Afghanistan... we also see it as a means to pull together the various parallel strands of dialogue about Afghanistan ... we see the 28th June event as a critical link between today's meeting and the Tokyo Conference of 8th July. A situation where companies from the region and beyond have invested their resources in Afghanistan is also the best way to ensure that we work together as stakeholders with a vested interest in peace and stability in Afghanistan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14151795", "title": "Corporation to crack down on soil transportation during monsoons.", "text": "MANGALORE: The Corporation has started cracking down on builders and developers who are creating a hazard for motorists and pedestrians by transporting earth unscientifically in the city.MCC Commissioner K Harish Kumar told TOI that transportation of earth during monsoon was causing problems and will not be allowed. The wet mud spilled on the concrete roads while transporting will be a hazard to motorists due to its slippery nature, but also cause blocks in the drains when it flows down the drains during rains,'' he said.He has issued a notice banning digging and transportation of soil by people undertaking construction activity and builders from construction sites during the monsoon. The building construction licenses of such persons will be cancelled without any notice if they are found indulging in this action, said Kumar.On Thursday, the corporation officials seized three trucks transporting earth. The officials have been told to visit each and every construction site and see whether they have stopped this activity. If not we will come down heavily on them,'' he added.The commissioner said it is understandable that the developers commence work when they submit development plan to Mangalore Urban Development Authority (MUDA) without obtaining licence as they deem it will be granted in due time. It is not wrong, but creating nuisance by this activity will not be tolerated and their licences will be cancelled or withheld,'' he said.PMA Razak, president, Mangalore Chapter of the Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Associations of India (CREDAI), said all its members were adhering to the guidelines issued by the corporation. Credai has only 30 members of the 100 odd builders in the city. We can ensure that our members follow rules,'' he added.But even on Friday, there are several sites in the city where such activity is going on unmindful of commissioner's directive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14143380", "title": "Stars shine on new Zanjeer hero and his real life heroine", "text": "In a star studded function held at Temple Tree resort in Moinabad, Chiranjeevi's 27-year-old son Ramcharan Teja, who is all set to make his Bollywood debut with the remake of Zanjeer, tied the knot with his childhood sweetheart Upasana Kamineni, granddaughter of Pratap C Reddy, the chairman of a leading hospital and lifecare chain, on Thursday.A few hours after the wedding, Ramcharan told TOI, \"It's been one hectic morning for me. That I am married now is yet to sink in. All I can tell you at the moment is, it's been the best experience of my life.\"TOI learnt that a rather busy Big B took time off from his Kaun Banega Crorepatishoot to attend the wedding. He flew to Hyderabad for the wedding at 9 am in a private jet and flew back at 3 pm. Though Kamal Haasan couldn't be a part of the celebrations, it was one of those rare occasions when superstars Rajinikanth , Chiranjeevi and the Big B came together. Boney Kapoor and Sridevi along with Shriya Saran and Rana Daggubatti were there to bless the couple as well.Curiously no one from Ramcharan's Zanjeerteam showed up at the wedding. Apparently director Apoorva Lakhia had a family engagement, so they all stayed away. Leading lady Priyanka busy promoting her other film, sent a handpicked gift for the couple.When contacted. Lakhia said, \"But we're all leaving for Hyderabad very shortly with our gifts. There's at least three days of festivity and at least seven functions to attend.\"Though the formal wedding took place on Thursday, the couple will be 'marrying' again on Friday for Ramcharan's fans. A special lunch will also be hosted.On the other hand, Chiranjeevi, who is also the Rajya Sabha member, hosted a reception for 7000 guests at the Hyderabad International Convention Center.P Pavan and Subhash K Jha", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14141806", "title": "Sunscreens causing vitamin deficiency?", "text": "MUMBAI: The indiscriminate and widespread use of sunscreen lotions to block harsh ultraviolet rays could be compounding the problem of Vitamin D deficiency to a great extent. Some say its repeated use hampers the skin's ability to absorb the sun's rays.A professor at the skin department of JJ Hospital said, \"Some studies have found that by blocking ultraviolet rays, sunscreen lotions limit the amount of Vitamin D produced in the body. Of course, the extent of reduction is still a subject of debate,\" he said. He added that certain studies have pegged the loss at five-fold to 10-fold.Yet, there are also studies and observations based on years of followups that concluded that sunscreens do affect the production of Vitamin D in the body, but not significantly. Physician Dr Pratik Samdani said, \"Yes, sunscreens play their own role but it would be unfair to blame the deficiency only on them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14146704", "title": "Free vocational and development training for below poverty line youths", "text": "BANGALORE: Here is good news, if everything falls in place, below poverty line (BPL) youths, particularly of rural areas can pursue free vocational and skill development training. Punjab based APEX group signed an agreement with the Government of Karnataka to set up vocational training university at Ramangara in the state during the recent Global Investors Meet.Apex Vocational University (AVU) will be offering six months certificate course and one and two year diploma course in vocational and skill development training courses. AVU is providing 50 percent concession in admission fees for SC / ST candidates.AVU chairman professor Dhanwanth Singh told TOI that AVU campus and 28 AVU community colleges across the state in taluk levels will be started across the state over the next 18 months. The initiative has been taken to empower skills of rural youths to help them to get the jobs and he claimed that this is the first vocational training university in India.AVU has already purchased five acres of land in Ramanagaram and will start up construction works as soon as the government gives green signal, he said.The course covers professional and computer skills, and also subjects like banking, management and some other subjects, the motto of vocational training is to enhance skills of economically weaker section rural youths since many educated rural youths couldn't fetch a job due to lack of skills, said Singh. \"Not even a single rupee will be charged for BPL people for providing training,\" he added.The courses are expected to start from next academic year and every year community colleges and number of seats will be increased across the state, he stated.Certificate course in vocational and skill development. Duration: six months Eligibility: 10th standard One and two year diploma in vocational and skill development Eligibility: 12th standard or II PU Intake of students for the next academic year is 600", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14153464", "title": "Harmonica player harps on communal harmony", "text": "MANGALORE: \"If music be the food of love, play on,\" said William Shakespeare and Guinness record holder Thrissur Nazeer, who presented more than 6,000 mimicry, music and dances shows across the world, served the music of love to Mangaloreans through his 24-hour non-stop mouth organ rendition.The motto of the show was \"capture hearts and create communal harmony'.He started his performance at the Town Hall here at 9am on Thursday. During the performance he took only five-minute breaks in every hour to drink juice and to refresh. He completed the task at 9am on Friday. Through his show, Nazeer enthralled the audience by playing Hindi, Malayalam, Tamil and Arabic songs.\"I want to contribute for building communal harmony through my talent. Only music can bring hearts together. I am really happy to see the overwhelming response by the people of Mangalore. I also would like to express gratitude for the financial support given by sponsors,\" he said.Nazeer, who does not have a formal training in harmonica playing, started practicing mimicry at the age of 10. He has the Guinness record of performing mimicry for 40 hours and playing mouth organ for 101 hours.He said he can mimic about 100 celebrities and able to produce 250 different types of sounds of animals and birds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14140334", "title": "Work on Ghaziabad line to hit rail traffic", "text": "NEW DELHI: Railway passengers travelling in and out of the city between Friday and Wednesday will be in for major troubles as Northern Railway has decided to remodel its yard and make the third line between Ghaziabad and Aligarh operational.There will be eight mega traffic blocks from June 15 to June 19. Traffic will be blocked for two hours from 1am to 3am on June 15, for six hours from 10.30pm on June 16 to 4.30am on June 17, and for three hours from 1am to 4am on June 18 and June 19, resulting in at least 50 trains being either regulated or partially cancelled.On June 15, Katihar-Amritsar Amarpali Express and Sealdah-Delhi Lal Quila Express will be regulated for one hour each. The Delhi-Moradabad passenger train will be regulated at Sahibabad for 40 minutes.On June 16, New Delhi-Ghaziabad EMU, Biwani-Kanpur Central-Bhiwani Kalindi Express, Delhi-Howrah Janata Express, Khurja-Shakurbasti EMU, Shakurbasti-Ghaziabad EMU, Kanpur Central-New Delhi-Kanpur Central Shram Shakti Express, Shahjahanpur-Delhi-Shahjahanpur passenger and Delhi-Rewari-Delhi passenger trains will be cancelled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14151494", "title": "India all set for Asian Beach Games", "text": "BANGALORE: As London gears up for the Olympics, a little-known Chinese seaside town of Haiyang is all set to host nearly 2,000 athletes for the third edition of the Asian Beach Games.The tournament, which kicks-off on Saturday, will feature competitions in 14 beach sports - basketball, football, handball, sepak takraw, kabbadi, woodball, waterpolo, volleyball, body-building, waterski, sailing, marathon swimming, tent pegging and triathlon.The Basketball Federation of India (BFI) announced its men's and women's teams for the tournament with the experienced Geethu Anna Jose and Yadwinder Singh expected to play a pivotal role in the nation's campaign in China.The men's team won gold while the women clinched bronze at the inaugural Asian beach Games held in Bali, Indonesia, in 2009. In the next edition at Muscat, India bagged three gold and 1 bronze and finished sixth in the medals tally.Last year in Hambantota, Sri Lanka, both teams' clinched gold medals at the 1st South Asian Beach Games.American coach Kenny Natt will lead the men's team while Prem Kumar will be incharge of the women's squad.Squads:Men: Vishesh Bhriguvanshi, Hareesh Koroth, Yadwinder Singh, Jagdeep Singh. Coach: Kenny Natt.Women: Geethu Anna Jose, Anitha Paul Durai, Shireen Vijay Limaye, Kiranjit Kaur. Coach: Prem KumarGroupings:Men: Group A: Bhutan, Mongolia, Thailand, Qatar; Group B: Afghanistan, Nepal, Palestine, Turkmenistan; Group C: India, Vietnam, Bangladesh and China.Women: Group A: India, Nepal, Philippines, Thailand; Group B: Mongolia, Maldives, Turkmenistan and China", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14149360", "title": "NDA's golden jubilee reunion in Khadakwasla", "text": "PUNE: The golden jubilee reunion of the 28th National Defence Academy (NDA) course batch is being held at the NDA campus in Khadakwasla between June 14 to 16. The batch had joined the NDA in July 1962; comprising of 370 cadets, one of the largest course's to have joined the Academy.A statement issued by NDA said that on completion of 50 years of joining NDA, all coursemates considered to hold the 'Golden Jubilee celebrations' at their Alma Mater. The course has 8 Lt Generals, 20 Major Generals and many Brigadiers, Colonels and their equivalents in the Air force and Navy. The course has together attained 16 gallantry awards, 50 distinguished service awards and one Arjuna Award. There were a few cadets from friendly foreign countries as well. Three of their course mates from Nigeria had risen to be the Chief of Naval Staff, a Rear Admiral and a Major General.The families of those who had passed away have been invited for the reunion, as a tribute to their departed colleagues. A total of over 190, which includes 91 officers with spouses, are attending the celebrations. Two of their course mates from Nigeria along with their spouses are also attending these celebrations.To mark this historic occasion, a commemorative E-Coffee Table Book, covering a multitude of details of the course including their experiences, achievements and memories of NDA days will be released by Lt Gen Jatinder Singh Commandant of NDA.In addition, a collage of rare individual and group photographs, photos and videos covering a time span of the last 50 years from 1962 to 2012 titled \"Blast from the Past\" will also be screened at the NDA auditorium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14144239", "title": "Mumbai man in net for cheating woman on marriage", "text": "BANGALORE: Seshadripuram police here took a 35-year-old man into custody following a tip-off from Chennai police, who had booked a case of cheating against him. A woman, Parveena, had filed a complaint, accusing him of marrying her, while concealing the fact that he was already married.The suspect, Arif Khan from Mumbai, was trying to flee the country to the Middle East with another woman. He was ready to fly out of Bangalore when police intercepted him, ACP M Sholabeshwarappa of Seshadripuram sub-division said.Parveena had filed a complaint with Chennai police, stating that Khan had advertized through a prestigious online marriage bureau, contacted her and convinced her that he was a divorcee and offered to marry her. But later, Khan disappeared to Mumbai and married another woman, Reshma, a widow with a 14-year-old son and a native of Ahmedabad. Reshma's relatives are working in the Gulf, and wanted the couple to settle there with them. Parveena had told police that Khan had taken her to Mumbai and other places before finally dumping her at Chennai.\"On hearing that Khan was trying to flee the country, Parveena approached Chennai police to prevent him. City police were alerted and caught Khan,\" police said.On questioning, Khan stated that he had not married Parveena, and was only married to Reshma. City police are waiting for Chennai police to arrive and take custody of Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14145035", "title": "21.12% candidates pass teachers' eligibility test in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: Results for the Bihar Secondary Intermediate Teachers Eligibility Test (BSITET), 2011, was declared on Thursday. Education minister PK Shahi announced that only 21.12% of the candidates passed the examination.Altogether 4,24,272 candidates appeared at the first and second papers of the examination. Of them 3,07,351 were males and 1,16, 921 were female candidates. Total 70,337 males and 19,270 female candidates successfully cleared the examination.The minister said 3,81,425 candidates had filled the application forms for the first paper but only 3,25,431 candidates (2,38,593 males and 86,838 females) appeared at the examination. Among them 68,864 (23.13% males and 15.76% females) candidates were successful.Similarly, 1,16,475 candidates had applied for the second paper but only 98,841 wrote the exam. Of them 20.99% candidates - 22.05% males and 18.56% females- passed. Altogether 20.99% candidates passed in the second paper.\"Altogether 88,000 candidates, who could not appear in the previous schedule, will appear at the June 16 examination. Total 86 candidates will appear at the examination for the Simultala residential school on June 17,\" Shahi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14153894", "title": "No plan to reduce the age limit for unemployment allowance in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: UP government on Friday made it clear that it has no plan to change the age limit fixed as eligibility for getting unemployment allowance.The scheme, it amy be noted has been launched by the government to fulfil the election promise made by the ruling Samajwadi Party .Announcing this on the floor of the assembly on Friday, employment minister Waqar Ahamad Shah said that the age limit had been fixed after a great deal of thought and the question of giving further relaxation in it in any manner did not arise now.While replying to a question asked by BJP MLA Suresh Kumar Khanna, Shah said that the government was very much considerate towards the unemployed and as such the age limit had been fixed in a manner in which maximum number of genuine unemployed were covered in the state. The services of all those given Rs 1,000 as unemployment allowance, would be utilised in implementing different government schemes as per their qualifications and skills.As for the eligibility criteria for getting the allowance, the minister said that the candidate should be high-school pass, a resident of the state and his family income should be less than Rs 36,000 per year and in case of married persons, the total family income including that of in-laws should be less than Rs 1.5 L akh per year.On the concern of Khanna that it would be difficult for candiate to get income certificate from concerned authorities, the minister said that the government would devise a fool-proof mechanism and ensure that certificates were issued without any hassles. He siad instructions had already been issued to this effect to the concerned officials and a review of the action taken in this regard would be done shortly at divisional level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14138125", "title": "Cabinet nod to fortify security-related infrastructure", "text": "NEW DELHI: Stepping up the move to strength security-related infrastructure in the country, the government on Thursday approved Rs 1,100 crore for purchase of sophisticated equipments to kick start the National Intelligence Grid (NATGRID) and also extended by three years the duration of a project to set up a system to track crime and criminals across India.While the NATGRID is aimed at linking 21 categories of databases for ready access by intelligence and investigation agencies, the Crime and Criminal Tracking &amp; Network Systems (CCTNS) project is being implemented to connect about 15,000 police stations and over 5,000 higher police offices across the country to ensure smooth sharing of crime-related information among various law enforcement agencies. The Cabinet Committee on Security, at a meeting chaired by PM Manmohan Singh, gave its nod to the proposal of NATGRID for acquisition of certain technological items mentioned in the Detailed Project Report, home minister P Chidambaram told reporters.He said the proposal was for purchase of technological items for Horizon-I and some elements of Horizon-II of the NATGRID.The NATGRID is conceptualized as a constantly evolving tool that will mature over several horizons with additional functionalities and enhancements over a period of time. It will have access of database like railway and air travel, income tax, bank account details, credit card transactions, visa and immigration records.The project was conceived after the 2611 Mumbai terror attack. Many feel that had NATGRID existed, the Lashkar-e-Taiba operative David Coleman Headley would not have had a free run before and after the 2008 strikes. The CCTNS project was planned before the Mumbai terror attack. It had, however, got the Cabinet's nod in June, 2009. The project was scheduled to end on March 31, 2012. He said the extension did not mean that the bulk of the project would not be completed before March, 2015.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14145460", "title": "I don't know who Veena Malik is: Parthepan", "text": "It looks like Sandalwood is all set to welcome a deluge of talents from other industries like never before. After some big names like Sameera Reddy and Shriya Saran signed their maiden Kannada ventures, veteran Tamil actor Parthepan has also been approached for a Kannada film. And the film in question is the Kannada remake of Vidya Balan's The Dirty Picture.When we got in touch with the Tamil actor, he says, \"The associate director of the film did approach me with the offer, but I am yet to give my nod. I was asked to play the role Naseeruddin Shah did in the original. In fact, I have not seen The Dirty Picture yet. Only when I see the original, I can take a call on this film.\"When quizzed if he is excited to work with Veena Malik, the actor says, \"I don't know who Veena Malik is. I only know that she has come from Pakistan.\"However, Parthepan says that one of the reasons he is thinking twice to take up the offer is that his role in his Telugu film Rachaa, was edited out majorly. \"I shot for the film for a considerably long time but when the film hit the screens, my portions were miniscule. I was very upset. I don't want a repeat of that for my Kannada debut. I want my maiden venture in Kannada to be special,\" says the actor, who is now busy with the sequel to Pudhiya Paadhai , titled Meendum Pudhiya Paadhai .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14150221", "title": "Anurag gets a car, finally!", "text": "Anurag Kashyap's film Gangs Of Wasseypur seems to be speling good things for him, even before it has released.On Friday, the filmmaker posted on twitter, \"So got my first Vehicle that i bought myself, a Mahindra XUV, super and 100 percent Indian. Proud,\" followed by, \"Its taken 20 years to be able to buy my first vehicle, had to be an Indian brand.\"Sure seems the filmmaker wanted to keep the flag flying high even in personal choices. So while he had to miss out on attending the pre-release press interaction in Nagpur for Gangs Of Wasseypur due to a ENT bug that he caught in Lucknow on Thursday, the new set of wheels sure made up for the disappointment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14144096", "title": "Fresh trouble for BS Yeddyurappa", "text": "BANGALORE: Lokayukta police on Thursday registered criminal cases against minister for large and medium scale industries Murugesh R Nirani, former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa , former commerce and industry principal secretary VP Baligar, former Karnataka Udyog Mitra (KUM) managing director Shivaswamy, and KUM deputy director Gangadharaiah, following a direction by the special Lokayukta court.On April 26, an industrialist from Indiranagar A Alam Pasha had filed a private complaint before the Lokayukta special court, stating that he was allotted 26 acres of land in Devanahalli to set up a hardware park. He accused the five persons of colluding and creating false documents, and cancelling the allotment.Following the complaint, the Lokayukta court asked police to investigate the allegations and submit a report. Lokayukta police, who found a prima facie case against all the accused, registered a criminal case under section 13(1) and 13(2) of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988. Investigation is on, a release from additional director general of police (Lokayukta) HNS Rao said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14144095", "title": "Teri Meri Ik Jind has a message for youth", "text": "Teri Meri Ik Jind is an upcoming Punjabi movie starring some new faces like Harry Ahluwalia, Khushi Rajpoot, Navi Bhangu and Vikrant Sharma. The story and the screenplay of the film Teri Meri Ik Jind is written by Rajdeep Singh.Producers of the film are Shaffy Singh and Tess Meyer.\"The movie is full time entertainer,\" said the team of Teri Meri Ik Jind,\"but also has inspiration for the youth.\"The movie has all the ingredients to make a movie a complete paisa wasool- comedy, action, drama and family. It is all set to release in theatres very soon. Source: punjabimohalla.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "rewari", "code": "14152989", "title": "Man jailed for life for raping 85-year-old", "text": "REWARI: A man has been sentenced to rigorous imprisonment for life after a court here held him guilty of raping his 85-year-old neighbour at Nangal village under Khol police station of the district.Additional sessions judge Sanjeev Jindal held him guilty in the verdict delivered on June 11 and imposed a fine of Rs 10,000 on the convict.Ashok had intruded into the widow's chamber, where she was sleeping alone, at midnight on January 22, 2012. After raping the 85-year old woman, he had attempted to kill her by pressing her mouth and throat with his hands, on account of which she fell unconscious, prosecution said.The judge in his verdict mentioned, \"The commission of the heinous acts on the part of the accused Ashok clearly shows that he has extreme type of beastly instincts in him and that his very presence in the society would be dangerous to the public at large.\"In these circumstances, the court is of the considered view that a deterrent punishment is required to be awarded to the accused so as to cast a deterrent effect on others to desist from such type of misadventure,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14141237", "title": "You can bank on a degree in Maths (H)", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University's undergraduate course in mathematics involves more than just number crunching. The course, which was revised in 2009 and brought under the semester mode in 2011, provides the option to study Gandhi, chemistry, philosophy, to name a few, alongside.The mathematics course was recast and came to be known only as BSc (honours) mathematics \u2014 the erstwhile (BA) honours in mathematics was merged with it. When it comes to cutoffs in science courses, mathematics (honours) is second only to physics (honours). The course is offered in 30 DU colleges.\"The course was revised to make it more application oriented,\" said associate professor at Zakir Husain Delhi College, Gurpreet Singh Tuteja.Last year, Hindu College recorded the highest first cutoff \u2014 95%-97% \u2014 followed by Lady Shri Ram with 95.5%. Hans Raj was the third college with a cutoff of 95% and above. The first cutoffs at Daulat Ram, Kirori Mal and Ramjas colleges were 90% and above.Eligibility: Students from all streams are eligible, provided they have studied maths in Class XII. It should be included in the best of four subjects along with at least one language.\"Students with an aptitude for the subject and with a best of four aggregate of 80% and above stand a good chance of securing a seat in the course. General candidates with 75% and above should apply for this course. Since the number of high scorers in mathematics saw a dip this year, the cutoff may also relax a little,\" said Tuteja, who is also the deputy dean of students' welfare.Content: The university has repackaged the syllabus to include more of practical aspects and allow exposure to other subjects, ranging from physics to philosophy. Students from non-science backgrounds with mathematics as a subject in Class XII can apply.There are 18 compulsory papers and one optional paper. \"Furthermore, there are five credit courses. Students now get to choose from a variety of credit courses. For instance, a student from humanities background can take credit courses in humanities, while a commerce student can take up courses related to his subject,\" said Tuteja.The compulsory subjects include abstract algebra, with linear algebra and analysis. Courses on probability theory, C++ programming and numerical methods, differential equations and mathematics modelling allow scope for applications.Road ahead: The broad range of subjects, methodology of learning as well as computing skills developed during the three years open up a plethora of opportunities.\"A mathematics graduate can opt for a master's programme, research, academics, teaching and even computation. The course is also a springboard for a career in management, insurance, banking, statistics and operation research, etc. All options right from hotel management and tourism to actuarial science and insurance are open to students of mathematics,\" said Tuteja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14141161", "title": "Options galore even if you miss bus to Delhi University", "text": "NEW DELHI: If you think your marks are not within the range of Delhi University's high cutoffs or you are looking out for unconventional and professional courses, there are other options available in the capital and its neighbourhood.Various other universities in the NCR have also opened their doors for admissions and if one is waiting for the DU process to get over it may be a little too late to apply elsewhere.Majority of the universities in the NCR have already started their application process. While Ambedkar University, Delhi (AUD) will close its application process by June 20, June 15 is the last date for applying to Shiv Nadr University, Greater Noida. Similarly, one can apply to Amity University campuses in Noida and Manesar by June 28. Admissions are also open in universities like Manav Rachna International University, Faridabad and Noida International University.\"Aspirants can apply till June 28 for Amity campuses. In the NCR we have two campuses with a total intake of around 10,500 across disciplines,\" said Savita Mehta, vice president, communications, Amity Group. AUD has also opened admissions for its 17 undergraduate courses this year which includes BA honours in history, psychology, economics, English, mathematics, and sociology.Those looking for unconventional courses like BSc (Hon) marine science, BSc dental technology or Bachelor in audiology and speech-language pathology, can take a look at Amity university's two campuses in NCR which is introducing 20 new UG courses this year. Moreover, Manav Rachna is admitting students across seven disciplines that includes engineering, management, applied science, media studies, international programmes, international BPO/ outsourcing programmes.Amity Noida this year is offering a total of 98 undergraduate courses, the Manesar campus is offering 34 programmes across discipline. Atul Chauhan, chancellor, Amity University, UP said: \"Industry is very dynamic and in continuous flux. Every year, new areas of interest emerge and keeping in view the industry trend, this year Amity university has launched numerous topical courses\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14142984", "title": "APJ Abdul Kalam comes out with sequel to 'Wings of Fire'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former President APJ Abdul Kalam has come out with a forthright account of his years in Rashtrapati Bhavan in which he discloses \"behind-the-scene\" details of his meetings with Sonia Gandhi after 2004 Lok Sabha elections and with Manmohan Singh after the Supreme Court verdict on the dissolution of Bihar assembly.\"Turning Points\", billed as a sequel to his bestselling autobiography \"Wings of Fire\", brings together details from his career and presidency that are not generally known as he speaks out for the first time on certain points of the controversies, the book's publishers HarperCollins India said.\"It is for the first time that Kalam discloses behind- the-scene stories following his meeting with Sonia Gandhi after the 2004 elections, his strong views on Office of Profit bill, his meeting with Manmohan Singh after the Supreme Court verdict on the dissolution of Bihar assembly and much more,\" an official of the publishing house told PTI.The book, to be released later this month, also has insights into Kalam's speeches and his views on rejuvenating Parliament to make it a more dynamic and vibrant body.\"... Indeed, the phone was ringing when I entered the room. When I answered, a voice at the other end said 'The Prime Minister wants to talk with you...' Some months earlier, I had left my post as Principal Scientific Adviser to the Government of India, a cabinet-level post, to return to teaching... Now, as I spoke to the PM, Atal Bihari Vajpayee, my life was set for an unexpected change,\" Kalam writes in \"Turning Points\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14151222", "title": "Consumer Forum orders auto-dealer to refund Rs 4,73,800 to buyer", "text": "NEW DELHI: In another consumer dispute case involving an auto driver and the vehicle dealer, the New Delhi Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum has ordered the dealer, Juneja Auto Sales, to refund the sum of Rs. 4,73,800 they took from Pramod Kumar Yadav for transfer of permit.The Rs. 4.73 lakhs was taken over and above the Rs.1.25 lakh Yadav paid for the auto itself. Another individual, Rohit Kumar, is involved as someone \"trading in\" permits. \"It is clear that Juneja auto sales...could not have promised transfer of permit to the complainant as the same is not legally transferable. He has simply induced the complainant to part with money more than the actual sale price of the auto to transfer permit also with auto. In these circumstances, we hold him guilty of deficiency,\" said the order by forum president C. K. Chaturvedi and members S. R. Chaudhary and Asha Kumar.The auto dealers had also threatened to repossess the auto and file civil and criminal cases if Yadav failed to pay another Rs. 2,66,882 within seven days. The forum placed a restrain on the dealer from possessing the auto. \"The case shows an unfair trade practice by auto dealers, who charge money for permit under promise of transfer, and after repossessing may repeat the same process with other innocent auto players. The secretary, Delhi State Transport Authority should cancel such permits, as by Rohit Kumar, who are trading in it,\" says the order.Nikhilesh Jain, who has been arguing the case for Yadav is handling several such cases. In another case recently decided by the same forum, the auto buyer got Rs.3.7 lakh - including compensation - from the dealer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14151390", "title": "Rescued child labourers narrate harrowing tales", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the dreams of a good life and driven by a burning desire to avoid work at father's farm, Mohan Kumar (name changed) decided to run away from his village. Visibly thin and feeble, the 13-year-old boarded a bus to Delhi with his friend to earn some money in Asia's largest scrap market. He ended up becoming a child labourer in West Delhi's Mundka scrap market.He was among the 17 child labourers recently rescued in a combined operation by an NGO, a sub-divisional magistrate, members of the Labour Department and Delhi Task Force. Mohan narrates how his friends and he got scared of being arrested when the raid took place. Some of them hid beneath the gunny bags; others locked themselves in bathrooms. These children used to separate the electronic scrap from computers, mobile phones, and other electronics. This exposed them to hazardous working conditions and dangerous metals like lead, silicon, toxic plastic and chemicals.\"I thought my life would change for the better in Delhi. I came with a friend, who also wanted to work and earn like me. He had arranged money for the travel,\" says Mohan, who doesn't know where his friend is right now. \"He showed me this place and left without informing me. I was being paid Rs 3,000 a month for 12 hours work every day,\" he says. They were given two meals and a place to sleep by their employers.Many of the rescued children are still in trauma and are too scared to open up. Wearing a torn T-shirt and crumpled pants, nine-year-old Ali says, \"We used to work in big halls. I used to get very tired through the day. But I had to continue due to my employer's pressure. We also used to work on Sundays. I missed playing cricket with my friends back at my village Rampur in Uttar Pradesh. I still remember the time when my mother used to scold me for playing all day. Today I can't give her a reason to scold me for this.\"The Mundka scrap market employs hundreds of children to separate electronic junk. Lakhs of children rummage through potentially toxic junk to supply computers products from \"cradle to grave.\"Bonded labourers, in case of minors, refer to those children who are 'sold' by their parents for a petty sum, a loan or to pay off debts. A form of long term employer-worker relationship is formed when these children are tied to debt bondage with their employers. \"I was not able to talk to my parents and I was brought here by my uncle. Initially my parents didn't want me to come here but they finally gave in,\" said 10-year-old Bonna from Tulsihatta, West Bengal.After these children were rescued and interrogated at the police station, they were sent for medical examination. They are being rehabilitated at an ashram in Burari by the Child Welfare Committee.Mohan now feels that the right way to succeed in life is by studying. He wants to go to a school and become a businessman. A wide smile brightens his face as he speaks about his thoughts. Mohan continues to dream.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14146974", "title": "Power cuts return to haunt Madurai citizens, industry", "text": "MADURAI: The relief in power cuts announced by the state government on June 1 has proved to be short lived and residents are back to be being subjected to a minimum of six hours of power cut during the day and another two hours at night.After the state government's announcement, Madurai city and the district had witnessed an improved power supply with only one to two hours of power cut during the day and uninterrupted power supply at night.However from this week, the situation has worsened again. At present, in many parts of the city and rural areas, the power cuts are for a minimum of three hours in the morning, another three hours in the afternoon and evening as well as a minimum of two hours of power outage at night. With the reopening of schools after the summer vacation, people are finding it very hard to cope with the irregular power supply again.A Aiswarya Jose from Anna Nagar says it has become very difficult to manage during power cuts in the morning as she has to get her two children ready in time for school. \"The power cuts in the morning hours affect the entire day. Though the situation appeared better last week, the power crisis has worsened again from this Monday,\" she said. P Senthil Kumar of Chinnachokkikulam lamented that the power cuts at night had become difficult to deal with.\"Though the summer season has ended, the climate has not changed much. The children struggle to sleep at night because of the power cuts. Besides, the open drainage in the area has led to a serious mosquito menace. With the electricity gone, we are not able to keep the mosquitoes out. This can causes serious health problems for us,\" he charged. Further, the electricity board has stopped announcing the power cut schedule, leaving people clueless about the situation, Senthil added.The situation is no better in the rural areas as well. P Aiyakalai of Keezhamathur says the situation has turned chaotic with farmers not being able to irrigate their fields. \"The power cut from 11 pm to 12 pm causes a lot of hardship to farmers as they have to visit the farms again at midnight to restart the water pumps. Moreover, thieves find it a perfect time to strike during the power cuts at night,\" he said.However, officials from the Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation (TANGEDCO) say though power generation from wind energy has increased, the local demand has also gone up sharply.\"Wind production is steady with 2,500 mw but the demand has gone up above 11,000 mw due to increased power consumption. The power relief of 300 to 400 mw from the power holidays is also lost as the power holidays were revoked by the government,\" an official said. \"Night time power consumption has increased considerably due to air-conditioners as summer heat continues. We are expecting that when the monsoon sets in, power consumption will reduce,\" he added. On the load shedding schedule, officials said the corporation would issue the load shedding schedule in another few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14150096", "title": "Sofia Vergara's beau 'indulged in cocaine-fuelled orgies'", "text": "Sofia Vergara's on/off boyfriend Nick Loeb 'indulged in multiple-partner cocaine-fuelled orgies' while he was dating her.The couple split last month after reportedly constantly fighting.According to The National Enquirer, the 39-year-old actress's wealthy businessman beau is a \"sex addict\" who regularly indulges in multiple-partner cocaine-fuelled orgies.Two prostitutes came forward to the publication and alleged that they both had 'intimate encounters' with Loeb.A woman, who goes by the name of 'Cindy' said that Sofia had no idea that her boyfriend was cheating on her.\"Sofia's in the dark!\" the Daily Mail quoted her as saying.\"Nick was willing to risk his future with Sofia for his own selfish pleasure,\" she said.The second woman Bianca believes that Loeb is addicted to sex.\"I think Nick is definitely a sex addict,\" she said.\"He just can't get enough. He'll party with anywhere from two to five girls, usually in luxury hotel penthouses, with porn playing on all the TVs, lines of cocaine laid out and liquor flowing like water.Bianca claimed that Loeb took Viagra and provided the girls with Ecstasy tablets to ensure that they had a good time.\"He takes large doses of Viagra and provides sex toys, lingerie and drugs, including Ecstacy.He doesn't use it but he likes the girls to take it because he believes it makes them enjoy sex more.His favourite thing is to watch two women make love while he has sex with another girl,\" she said.According to Bianca, he told her that Vergara wasn't into the same things as he was when it came to the bedroom, and that is why he turned to sex workers.\"When I asked Nick about his sex life with Sofia he said, \"She's not into what I like,\" Bianca said.\"He told me \"Sofia won't even talk about it.According to the publication, Loeb's racy behaviour doesn't apparently just stop there, the aspiring politician also reportedly likes to visit strip clubs.There, he allegedly picks up girls, pays them 1,000 dollars and takes them home.In Facebook and phone messages obtained by the publication, Nick allegedly tried to set-up sex up sex parties with Bianca, but once said he couldn't interact because Vergara would check his phone.The women alleged that he was once nearly caught out by the 'Modern Family' actress when she called during one of his parties.\"Sofia would call in the middle of an orgy,\" Cindy said.\"Nick would grab his cell phone and bolt. When he got back, I asked, \"Does Sofia know what you're doing?\" He said, \"No way! She'd kill me.The new claims have comes after Vergara and Loeb were spotted out together in New York City last Friday.Smiling Vergara, was dressed to impress in a figure-hugging white dress and towering platform Louboutin heels as she held on to Loeb's arm while they walked along the street.But rumours of a reconciliation were quashed as according to an eye-witness there was no chemistry between the two.\"They sat down, ordered and left - it was in-and-out,\" an onlooker told People magazine.\"They were pleasant, and thanked the manager for the excellent service.\"They said they will visit again soon. They were not romantic at all.\"The week before, the Colombian stunner was caught meeting up with Loeb at the Loews Regency Hotel in Manhattan .Unidentified sources told the New York Post that the couple was seen in a \"heated discussion with lots of hand flailing.\"The couple had allegedly split after constant fighting and a source close to Nick also claimed Vergara hated it when when her multi-millionaire boyfriend got more attention than she did.\"They have been fighting a lot recently and have been on the brink of splitting many times. It is not yet clear if they are over for good, but they are done as a couple for now,\" the source told the New York Post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14147672", "title": "AIADMK marches ahead in Pudukkottai", "text": "CHENNAI: Jayalalithaa-led ruling AIADMK in the state is all set to pull off a third consecutive bypoll win -- after Trichy-west and Sankarankoil -- with its candidate Karthik Thondaiman marching ahead with the margin of 30,131 votes than his rival Jahir Hussain of DMDK, at the end of ninth round of counting of votes in the Pudukkottai bypoll.Thondaiman polled 43,963 votes. While, the DMDK-CPM combine suffered a severe drubbing with Hussain being pushed to second spot with 13,832 votes. The bypoll was necessitated due to the death of S Muthukumaran of CPI in a road accident in April last.The bypoll is a keenly-watched exercise, with major political parties like DMK, PMK, MDMK and CPI staying off resulting in a direct face off between the AIADMK and its one-time ally, DMDK. The AIADMK headquarters on Lloyds' Road in Chennai wears a festive look, with the supporters bursting crackers soon after the initial rounds of counting suggested the party establishing a lead over its rival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14147263", "title": "KSRTC to use Ambedkar stadium for parking purpose", "text": "KOCHI: As the Kerala State Construction Corporation began relaying works of KSRTC's parking space at main depot, the transport corporation has decided to park the buses at the adjacent Ambedkar stadium during night. KSRTC has approached Greater Cochin Development Authority (GCDA) seeking permission to use the stadium owned by the city authority. It is expected that KSCC would complete the work within two weeks.The parking lot at Karakkamuri was provided to the transport corporation, when Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL) took over the former's parking space to carry out preparatory works associated with Kochi metro project. But, as rains lashed across the city, the new parking lot became murky with slush and mud. And it became difficult for drivers to drive out vehicles resulting in creation of traffic blocks in the city. Following KSRTC's complaint, KMRL handed over the task of relaying the ground to KSCC.The transport corporation has also informed that they have appointed adequate staff to carry out full-fledged operations. The temporary appointments were made through employment exchanges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "chamarajnagar", "code": "14151910", "title": "Police constable commits suicide at DC residence", "text": "CHAMARAJNAGAR: An armed police constable posted to guard the DC's official residence on Friday shot himself dead with his service rifle.Mani, 26, reported to work at 1 pm when he looked disturbed. He sat inside the guard room located just outside the gate and shot himself in the abdomen with the 303 service rifle at 2 pm. He died at the spot, SP Rajendra Prasad told The Times of India. He has left a death note explaining the reasons. He was upset because the girl he loved was getting engaged to somebody else, he said. The discussion about the engagement was held on Thursday.Attached to the District Armed Reserve (DAR), he belongs to 2008 batch and was assigned to guard the DC residence for 10 days. This was his eight day on duty and he was to hand over the charge to his reliever at 5 pm. He is native of Belawadi in Gundulpet. DC K R Sundar and the SP visited the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14147463", "title": "India announces partial lifting of emigration ban to Libya", "text": "NEW DELHI: A year after Libya was rocked by internal strife putting several Indians working there at risk, India has partially lifted emigration ban to the country.Announcing the decision on Friday, Overseas Indian Affairs minister Vayalar Ravi said that doctors and para-medical staff will be permitted to emigrate to Libya as the Libyan health ministry had approached the Indian mission in Tripoli.The minister said that complete lifting of ban will be reviewed after the conclusion of elections in Libya, scheduled after July 15.Emigration to Libya was banned in February 2011 following the internal disturbances prevailing in that country.After an interim government has taken over, the situation has improved. It has been noticed that there is growing demand for manpower in Libya in various sectors.Indian officials said that there have been repeated requests for sending required manpower from India to Libya. The manpower from other competitive markets like Bangladesh, Egypt, Philippines are arriving in Libya.The decision was taken in consultation with ministry of external affairs and the Indian mission in Libya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14151342", "title": "Trinmool Congress opens its account in Uttar Pradesh, wins Mant assembly bypoll", "text": "LUCKNOW: Trinmool Congress (TMC) opened its account in Uttar Pradesh (UP) by winning Mant assembly byelection. TMC candidate Shyam Sundar Sharma defeated Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) candidate Yogesh Chaudhary by a margin of over 6800 votes. The result came as a setback for the ruling Samajwadi Party (SP) as its candidate came third. The SP had came to power with absolute majority in assembly elections held in March this year. The party had also won the Kannauj Lok Sabha bypoll last week when SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav's daughter-in-law and chief minister Akhilesh Yadav's wife Dimple was elected unopposed. Kannauj was a cakewalk as it has been a SP bastion since long but Mant was the test of SP's first three months in power. Congress, Bhartiya Janta Party and Bahujan Samaj Party did not contest.The Mant, in fact, had become a battle of prestige for Sharma, SP and RLD. Though on papers TMC has open its account in UP, the credit mainly goes to Sharma who has been winning election from Mant since 1989 from different parties. He won three times as Congress candidate, once on Congress ticket and twice as Loktantrik Congress candidate. Earlier, his father used to win the from Mant. However, in the assembly elections held earlier this year in March, Sharma's winning streak was broken by RLD general secretary Jayant Chaudhary. But Jayant resigned after winning election. As a result of which, bypoll was held, which provided Shrama to win back his seat. Sharma gave credit of his victory to the people. He said that people of all castes and communities in Mant voted for him because of his past services.Jayant is son of union civil aviation minister Ajit Singh and grandson of former prime minister Chaudhary Charan Singh, who has been the tallest Jat leader in UP after independence. He was already member of parliament from Mathura but contested assembly election from Mant anticipating a bigger role in state politics in case of an hung assembly. The hung assembly would have made RLD important for formation of a coalition government. But when SP came to power on its own, Jayant decided to retain Mathura Lok Sabha seat. However, after delimitation in 2009, Mathura Lok Sabha and Mant assembly constituencies became Jat dominated, hence it became crucial for the RLD to retain Mant. The party fielded Yogesh Chaudhary, a Jat, for bypoll. Ajit Singh and Jayant Chaudhary extensively campaigned in favour of Yogesh.The SP has made bypoll a prestige issue. It fielded Lathar, as member chief minister Akhilesh Yadav's core group of advisor. Lathar is also a Jat, hence paty was hoping to get Jat votes. The party was also expecting that people will vote for Lathar considering the fact that he is close to chief minister and his victory would bring development to the constituency. In fact, breaking the tradition of chief ministers keeping away from bypoll, Yadav campaigned for Lathar. It is also important for SP because it is the first assembly bypoll after assembly elections held earlier this year which SP won with absolute majority. Majority population in Mant associated with agriculture. The SP has announced number of welfare schemes for farmers after coming to power, hence election result would also be a test of feedback of Akhilesh's farmer centric policies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "ramanagaram", "code": "14138203", "title": "After bail, Nityananda again taken into custody", "text": "RAMANAGARAM: Swami Paramahamsa Nityananda was on Thursday granted bail by a Ramanagaram magistrate, but the controversial godman was taken into preventive custody and sent to Mysore prison for a day.Police said they took Nityananda into custody in view of the threat to his life given the tension around his ashram.Nityananda was produced before judicial magistrate first class Komala in connection with two cases registered against him by a TV channel reporter and activists of a Kannada outfit. The complainants had accused him of assaulting them.After hearing the assistant public prosecutor representing the Bidadi police and the godman's counsel for 45 minutes, the court ordered his release on a personal bond for Rs 50,000. \"A disciple stood surety for his bail,\" K Mohan Kumar, assistant public prosecutor, said.The godman was, however, bundled into a police jeep and whisked away to Mysore jail. A few activists outside the court premises tried to block the vehicle by hurling stones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14147551", "title": "NMC seizes plastic bags from Lakadganj", "text": "NAGPUR: The health department of the Nagpur Municipal Corporation raided five shops -- the well-known Anand Bakery, juice centre owned by one Mahendrakumar Prajapati, Sagar Milk Centre, Naresh Dairy and Janata Footwear at Dr Ambedkar Chowk and Chapru Chowk, and seized 15 kg of plastic bags below 50 micron thickness. A fine to the tune of Rs 13,000 was recovered from the shop owners.Deputy director (NMC) Dr Milind Ganvir told TOI that the use of plastic bags of less than 50 micron thickness was banned by the state government in 2005, following the flooding in Mumbai. However, the ban has remained on paper and their use continues to be widespread as manufacturers and vendors were still supplying them.According to Ganvir, citizens' callous attitude towards environment was evident from the fact that despite ban on use of thin plastic bags, they continue to buy them.In an attempt to curtail the practice , the health department quite often conducts raids in wholesale shops and retail vendors across the city. The civic body had also introduced a reward scheme under which one can earn money if he or she knows the location of a godown storing the banned plastic bags. \"\"They just have to tell NMC about it. The civic agency has promised to keep your name secret and provide you 25% of the amount derived from the sale of these bags as scrap material,\"\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14143944", "title": "Cong factions lock horns over Kalmadi", "text": "PUNE: The tug of war in the Congress party's city unit intensified on Thursday with supporters of MP Suresh Kalmadi and MLA Vinayak Nimhan exchanging barbs and both factions complaining against each other to the state leadership.Shivajinagar MLA Vinayak Nimhan on Thursday issued a press statement, saying that the party has paid a heavy price in the February civic elections because of Kalmadi's tarnished image. \"The people who welcomed the suspended MP to the PMC should understand the real Congress. Kalmadi was suspended by party president Sonia Gandhi and his supporters are defying her decision,\" Nimhan said.Kalmadi was arrested on April 26, 2011, for his alleged role in awarding the contract for installing the timing-scoring-result system to Swiss Times Omega at an exorbitant cost of Rs 141 crore, allegedly causing a loss of over Rs 95 crore to the exchequer. Following his arrest, Kalmadi was suspended from the party. He was released from Tihar jail five months ago.Accompanied by Congress leaders and office-bearers, Kalmadi on Monday held a meeting with municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak and inaugurated the civic sports committee office headed by MLA Ramesh Bagwe's corporator son Avinash. Ramesh, deputy mayor Deepak Mankar, party leader in the PMC Arvind Shinde, Maharashtra state Congress women's wing president Kamal Vyavahare and other Congress leaders were present with Kalmadi at the function.In his statement, Nimhan reiterated his demand for resignation of the party's city unit chief Abhay Chhajed and said that his demand will get support in the party. \"I am taking this stand for the benefit of the party. However, the Kalmadi supporters, who had left the party to join him and formed the Pune Vikas Aghadi a few years ago, are not in a mood to listen. I have communicated my stand to the party leadership. I hope that necessary action will be taken,\" Nimhan said.Meanwhile, the Kalmadi supporters have written to Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee president Manikrao Thakre, claiming that Nimhan has been threatening them for supporting Chhajed.\"We had issued a press statement against Nimhan who is creating rift in the party. He is threatening us for supporting Chhajed,\" said Kalmadi supporters in a press statement on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14145110", "title": "SEBI official gets further remand", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court (HC) on Thursday granted four days' further remand of Avarjeet Singh to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) to probe the global depository receipt (GDR) scam wherein he was arrested in an alleged bribery case.Singh, a deputy manager of Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI), who was nabbed by the CBI in Delhi earlier this month, was brought to Ahmedabad on a transit remand. A local CBI court had granted a three-day custodial interrogation of Singh, but later refused to extend the period of police custody.Aggrieved with the lower court order, the CBI moved the HC demanding further remand of at least seven days. CBI counsel Yogesh Ravani had contended that Singh could be a part of larger network and by interrogating him, more people could be reached to. He also submitted that if further remand is denied, it will gravely affect the investigation, for the probe agency has still to discover the mobile phone which could reveal Singh's further contacts.The probe agency also contended that at least a week's time is required in order to bring Singh to Delhi for the purpose of discovery. Singh's counsel vehemently opposed the CBI's demand.After hearing the case, justice R H Shukla permitted the CBI to have four days of custodial remand of Singh to probe the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14150562", "title": "Gopi, Gadha Aur Gupshup on SAB TV", "text": "Weekends will never be the same as SAB TV's two most entertaining and popular characters Gopi from FIR and 'Gadhaprasad' from 'Chidiyaghar' will soon tickle your funny bones.Gopi and Gadhaprasad will be coming as hosts on their very own show 'Gopi Gadha Aur Gupshup . The show will go on air from 16th June, every Saturday at 10pm. 'Gopi, Gadha Aur Gupshup' , will feature the funniest moments from all the SAB TV shows combined with hilarious comments and funny stories of Gopi &amp; Gadha. Along with their sizzling chemistry and their inimitable style of humour they will present stories in an entertaining and enjoyable manner and continue to make everyone laugh. Mr. Anooj Kapoor, EVP and Business Head, SAB TV speaking about the show said, \"We offer our viewers light hearted family entertainment that enthralls all family members. It's a double whammy for viewers as they will get to watch two of our most endearing characters Gopi and Gadha and also enjoy the best clippings of the week from across our shows.\"Gopi Bhalla, speaking about the show said, \"I have always believed that humour exists in every situation we face in life, we just need to be able to spot it and enjoy it. My aim is to show people the humour in their day-to-day lives. Jeetu and I have distinct characters in our shows. While I am continuously trying to speak English, Jeetu plays a complete rustic character and I am sure the viewers will enjoy our seemingly brainless but comic take-offs on various sequences.\" Jeetu Shivhare, speaking about the show said, \"I am glad that I am getting an opportunity to entertain the audiences with this unique concept and I enjoyed sharing space with one of my favourite characters Gopi and had a great time while shooting the sequences.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14138356", "title": "Wanted: A tusker with a flat spine", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Ever heard of an elephant with a flat spine? The authorities of a famous Buddha temple in Sri Lanka are looking for one. Recently the Sri Lankan government had forwarded an application to the Indian government asking if they could get young male tuskers from Kerala with a flat spine to carry the ceremonial casket containing the 'sacred relic' of the island nation's famous Buddhist Temple of the Sacred Tooth Relic at Kandy.The Sri Lankan government believes that the two elephants, Indira Raja and Kaveri Raja, presently serving at were originally from Kerala. Indira Raja was apparently gifted to the temple by Rajiv Gandhi in 1988. Sri Lankan high commissioner to India, Prasad Kariawasam, who paid a courtesy visit to the Kerala chief minister Oommen Chandy on Wednesday followed up on the old request. But to his dismay found that Kerala's elephants were curved-spine variety, rendering it unsuitable for the task.Forest minister Ganesh Kumar said he had shown the high commissioner pictures of his 23-year-old elephant Vishwanathan, to drive home the point. \"I think flat back elephants may be found in Karnataka. I am not sure if the two elephants in Kandy were sourced from Kerala. But what I do know is that the Centre had sent across a request three months back on behalf of Sri Lankan government and my office had replied that we do not have such elephants among our herd. Moreover, all our elephants are either too young or too old to fit the bill,\" said the forest minister.The high commissioner said the forest minister was very helpful and even suggested a trip to various elephant settlements and sanctuaries to find out whether such elephants exist in the state. \"My visit was predominantly to extend my support to the new government and look for synergies in the context of development and establish new bonds with Kerala. I only followed up on a long-standing request of the Sri Lankan government while I was here,\" said Kariawasam.Only 5% of Sri Lanka's elephants are tuskers, this has made it almost impossible for the government to meet the requirement locally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14140874", "title": "IIT-B\u2019s eco-friendly electric race car is a vroom apart", "text": "MUMBAI: Students of the IIT-Bombay racing team unveiled their first electric racing car, EVo1, on Thursday.More than 60 students from multiple disciplines, including mechanical, electrical, energy science, have come together to design this car, which was unveiled in presence of the sponsors and the institute's dean of research and development, Rangan Banerjee.The team also revealed that they have already started work on the 2013 edition of the same car with enhanced features. The work on EVo2 has already begun and will be much better than its predecessor in terms of grip and performance, the students said.Prateek Sharma, one of the project managers of EVo1, said, \"In EVo1, two motors are coupled with each other mechanically and used. The technology used in this version is mechanical deferential. But we are planning to use the two motors independently in the next version. The technrailway board ology used there will be of electronic differential. This will give more grip and also increase the performance by reducing the time taken to cover each lap during the race.\"The car will operate on electric power with the help of lithium polymer batteries. The race car has no tailpipe emissions, thus leaving negligible carbon footprint and environmental impact.The innovation is all set to compete with 109 cars at the Silverstone Formula-1 racing track in the United Kingdom . In 2009, the racing team of the institute had developed a chip-powered formula car.\"The entire budget of the car comes to around Rs 15 lakh. If the same race car is designed without the electrical component, that is if it runs on engine, the car will cost around Rs 12 lakh,\" said Sharma.The new electric race car has also thrown open new arenas of development of technologies such as motor controllers, battery management systems, electronic deferential, which will be used in the second edition of the car.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14144404", "title": "Godman's grand entry stuns court", "text": "BANGALORE: Celeb godman Nityananda's sudden arrival in a Ramanagaram court on Wednesday afternoon created a buzz, and a large crowd, including mediapersons, gathered outside the court on hearing the news. Ramanagaram police tried in vain to keep away the crowd from the courtroom.With the godman's lawyers having already filed an anticipatory bail petition in connection with the two FIRs against him, it was clear Nityananda had come to press for bail. He flashed his trademark smile but could not hide the fact that he was tired.Nityananda went straight into the courtroom of judicial magistrate first class Varthur Venakatagiriyappa Pushpavathi and stood before her with folded hands. The judge told him she would hear the case on Thursday.Meanwhile, SP Anupam Agarwal walked into the court and sought permission from the judge to take Nityananda into police custody. The godman was then whisked away in a police Mahindra jeep to an undisclosed place.Ripple effectNityananda's sudden appearance had a ripple effect. Some disciples who were seen engaged in an animated conversation were cornered by a few locals who asked them what was happening inside the ashram. Soon, heated arguments broke out between the two groups. A woman disciple threatened the locals saying she would file a police complaint against them.\"They used filthy language against us, and we warned them not to do so,\" a local involved in the exchange said. The disciples soon drove away.Sanna Phakeerappa, a vegetable vendor, said: \"I have watched Nityananda for more than six years. Being a local, I know what sort of spiritual activities happen inside the ashram.\"The ashram had earlier in the morning announced that Nityananda would return on Thursday.Advocates warn mediaAn elderly man's bid to rebuke an advocate whom the former mistook to be a Nityananda disciple threatened to erupt into a major clash. The lawyer ran into the court for cover. In no time, a group of advocates came out and asked mediapersons to stay out of the court. \"Hope you people remember how city civil court advocates beat you up,\" the lawyers said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14144315", "title": "Use your Metro card and travel by taxi soon", "text": "BANGALORE: Bangalore Metro commuters may soon be able to use their travel card in taxis too. The initiative is to help them use a single card to travel in different modes of transport and making payments as well.\"I have met many operators, including Mega Cabs, and the system is expected to be in place soon,\" N Sivasailam, managing director, Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation (BMRC), said on Thursday.He was speaking on the occasion of the launch of Mega Cabs service in the city. The service will start its operation with 800 sedan cabs enabled with GPS and GPRS technology. The tariff will be Rs 70 for the first four kilometers and Rs 17.50 for every subsequent kilometre.Mega Cabs can be booked by dialling 47474747 and online booking can be done on www.meagcabs.com.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14145137", "title": "AMC lowers fire-safety inspection charges", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) has decided to provide a miniscule respite of 20 per cent in the recently hiked fire-safety inspection charges for high-rises. Initially, the inspection fee was Rs 2,500 for all multi-storey buildings. AMC then doubled and tripled the fee, and even proposed a six times hike in the charges, linking it to the height of the building.The annual renewal charges for the fire safety inspection will now be half of what the civic body had earlier proposed.Interestingly, the AMC has slashed the rates by 50% for buildings that do not even exist. The AMC standing committee had proposed to charge Rs 30,000 for 50 to 60 meter tall buildings and Rs 50,000 for 60 to 70 meter buildings, and later allowed a discount. \"However, there is no building in the city higher than 40 meters in the city,\" says an AMC senior official. The rates were slashed on Thursday. The civic body said that there were 1,227 high-rises in the city and of these only 292 had obtained a fire no-objection certificate (NOC).The inspection fee rises sharply as one goes higher than 30 meters. The official said that going by the number of occupant in each of the building, the burden on a resident will not be more than Rs 100-150 per annum for clearance.The maximum number of tall buildings is in the new west zone. There are 610 buildings in the new west zone, followed by 397 in the west zone. East zone has just two tall buildings, said the official.\"The lift inspector takes a one time fee of Rs 1,000 for inspection and charges nothing for renewal. Now residents will have to shell higher maintenance charges because of the additional annual charges. Why cannot these charges be uniform,\" asked AMC's opposition leader Bhadruddin Sheikh .FIRE INSPECTION CHARGESHeight of the buildingProposed charge (Rs)Discount charge (Rs)0-30 meter 5,000 4,00031-40 meter10,0008,00040-50 meter15,00012,00050-60 meter30,00015,00060-70 meter50,00025,000HIGH RISES IN CITYTotal high rises : 1,227Residential : 712Commercial : 362Residential-cum-commercial complex : 153", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14144820", "title": "Bank cashier shot at in office chamber, dies", "text": "PATNA: In a daring incident, a man shot at the head cashier of the Patliputra Colony branch of State Bank of India (SBI) inside his official chamber on Thursday afternoon. The critically-wounded head cashier, James Michael, 57, was rushed to a nearby private nursing home where he succumbed to his injuries.On getting information, the cashier's wife Rosaline, his son Naveen and daughter Nidhi rushed to the hospital and the bank premises from their residence at Christian Colony, Digha.SBI branch manager Vijay Kumar said that a \"criminal-minded\" person visited the head cashier's chamber and opened fire at him. He managed to escape from the spot.One of the bank employees said a tall man, aged about 40 years, entered James's chamber, asking for some Vermaji. He said that a heated argument took place between the man and James and the visitor opened fire at him. \"Vermaji had been transferred about 10 months back,\" he said.SBI's guard Surendra Singh said he, along with two other employees, tried to overpower the assailant and had a scuffle with him. \"I even gave a punch on his nose,\" the guard said, adding the man managed to free himself, took out a revolver from his pocket and pointed at them. He then rushed to the first floor of the building through the staircase and escaped from the rear portion of the bank.None of the bank officials, however, said how the person reached the head cashier's chamber as only bank employees visit his chamber for receiving the cash. \"We rushed into his chamber when we heard the sound of firing,\" said some of the bank employees.Some mediapersons had a heated argument with the bank officials when they tried to talk to the deceased's family members.Senior bank officials also reached the bank premises and held talks with the employees. They, however, did not interact with the mediapersons and left the spot.On getting information, SSP Amrit Raj, City SP Kim and SHOs of several police stations reached the bank. A large crowd assembled on the bank premises as the news of head cashier's death spread in the locality. The cops had a tough time in handling the situation.The police officials later found a polythene bag with a \"time bomb-like object\" in the head cashier's chamber. The cops then informed the explosives experts who reached the bank and started their operation to defuse the bomb. City SP Kim said the experts later told the police that it was not a bomb. She said that it was planted in the chamber to terrorize the bank employees.Kim said that the reason behind the killing is yet to be ascertained. She said that the deceased had joined this branch about 10 months back. \"The police would watch the video footages of the CCTV camera installed inside the bank,\" she said and added police are investigating the case with all possible angles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14151668", "title": "Truck load of duplicate cosmetic seized", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Khodiyar Estate in Narol road. The officials said that the during he road they found that the factory had atleast 10 truck load of tooth paste, shaving cream, telcome power and other cosmetics.Also on further investigation the officials also found labels of different brands and also machines which were used for manufacturing of the duplicate cosmetics. Officials said that once these products were manufactured here they same were then pushed into the market though the main whole sale market situated in Tankshal area of kalupur ward of the Ahmedabad city. The raid since being a big one, about 65 drug inspectors were involved in the raids.Officials said that the came to know of the entire racket when they recovered some duplicate cosmetics from a godown from Tankshal. Recently the food and drug control department had carried out raids based on tip-offs. The officials raided several godowns and dealers in Tankshal area. According to a government officials, 38 samples of seized materials have been sent to laboratory for analysis. Officials said that as per rules, each dealer is supposed to have a license for sale of such materials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14150735", "title": "Council of Architecture gives nod to Parul Institute of Architecture &amp; Research", "text": "VADODARA: The Council of Architecture (COA), New Delhi has given its approval for establishment of a new institute of architecture and research at city-based Parul Group of Institutes.After COA's approval, the Waghodiya-based group is starting the Parul Institute of Architecture &amp; Research at its Limda campus where it will start full time five years Bachelors of Architecture (B Arch) degree programme with an annual intake of 80 seats from this academic year.\"This institute is affiliated to Gujarat University,\" Dr Devanshu Patel, managing trustee of Parul Arogya Seva Mandal, the education trust that runs the Parul Group informed media persons on Friday.COA has also approved setting up the National Aptitude Test in Architecture (NATA) test centre 2012 at the new institute to conduct entrance test for admission in B Arch programme in architecture institutes of Gujarat state.\"Registration forms for students will be sold directly by COA,\" said Patel.\"Seventy five percent of our annual intake of 80 seats of B Arch program will be taken by the central agency - Admission Committee for Professional Courses (ACPC) and admission on the remaining 25 percent management quota seats will be given by our institute purely on merit without charging any kind of donation or capitation fees,\" he said, adding that first ten students admitted in the institute by ACPC will be awarded 50 percent scholarship in tuition fee whereas next ten students will be awarded 25 percent scholarship in tuition fee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14137910", "title": "2G scam: CBI-ED team gets vital information from Singapore", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a boost to 2G spectrum scam probe, the joint team of the enforcement directorate (ED) and the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) returned from Singapore a few days ago, where local authorities provided them with crucial information about some private companies. The Indian investigators met the officers of corrupt practices investigation bureau (CPIB), who assured the ED-CBI team that the documents would be sent in a few days after taking permission from the attorney general of Singapore.The team had left for Singapore last week to seek details on companies, which were connected to the 2G spectrum allocation during the tenure of former telecom minister A Raja, who is presently out on bail. A source said, \"For two days, we discussed the case and documents required by us with the CPIB officials. We have been given some information and all the documents would be sent soon. For executing the Letter Rogatories (LRs), through which documents would be sent formally, they (CPIB officers) will seek permission of Attorney General of Singapore.\"The agency has filed two chargesheets in the 2G scam against A Raja and others, and may file a supplementary chargesheet.The trial is on in the case, but all the accused have been granted bail.In its chargesheet filed last year, the agency had given a step-by-step detail of how Raja, in collusion with other accused, caused a loss of Rs 30,984 crore to the exchequer. The CBI has alleged that soon after Raja took over as the minister in May, 2007, he appointed R K Chandolia and Sidharth Behura, who were known to him, in the same department to hatch a conspiracy. CBI had named several corporate honchos in its two chargesheets. ED is probing money laundering charges in the scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14144867", "title": "Microsoft plans to unveil iPad rival: Report", "text": "WASHINGTON: Software giant Microsoft is planning to unveil a tablet to rival Apple's iPad , according to a report.Microsoft is planning to conduct a 'super-secret' event in Los Angeles on Monday.According to The Los Angels Times, the firm gave no hints about what it was planning to announce at the event, but a source has told entertainment blog The Wrap that Microsoft plans to unveil a tablet.\"The company plans to introduce a Microsoft-branded-and-manufactured tablet at the event, marking a foray into a new hardware category that would put the company in direct competition with Apple,\" the blog said.According to the Wrap, the Microsoft tablet will run on Windows RT, a version of Windows 8 .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14145801", "title": "Now women, not men, go down on their knees", "text": "A man going on his knees is ancient. Simi Kuriakose discusses the trend of women taking the lead in a relationshipImagine a relationship with a twist; where the woman takes the effort to customise a cake that reads 'Will you marry me?', or she cracks a champagne bottle open to pop that question to him (minus the ring). Does this erase the idea of a perfect, romantic start? A survey conducted in 2011 by a UK-based dating website of 1,500 adults stated that women are taking over the traditionally masculine role of proposing marriage to their partners.There's another study this year by a Canadian website, which reported an American sociologist Amanda Miller who studied gender, power and proposals, interviewed 30 couples about how their relationships progressed; out of those 60 people, only two women popped the question. Keeping the numbers aside, one common hint both studies give away is, whether masculinity in romance has taking a backseat. Women, now, not worrying about social stigma, are getting down on their knees. We questioned clinical psychologist Mansi Hassan who responded by saying, \"The reason for women taking the lead has a lot to do with the changing roles of women in society. The new independent woman knows what she wants and also knows how she wants to get. They now are more self-assured than before.\" Hassan also feels the reason for this is that women are empowered and feel they deserve better.We quizzed others to know their reaction on women initiating the plunge:Latika Payak, writer: Women nowadays are more financially independent. And that gives them the confidence to take the lead. Moreover, who would like to sit and wait for someone else to gather courage and ask them out in times such as these? It's an instant world. And rather than waiting in suspense, women today want to face whatever awaits them and then move on.Bishnupriya Sen, Copy Editor: Yes , women are more readily taking the initial steps in relationships these days as the fine lines separating men from women (in terms of responsibilities) is slowly fading away. Women are way more driven these days and they don't feel it is only a man's prerogative to go down on one knee; if they like a guy, they will surely take the plunge.Saranya S Kumar, a pharmacist: Restraints are reducing. Women today (educationally and career wise) are equal to men, rather they have risen to the spot and are not afraid of taking risks or making quick decisions. Everything's fast. In earlier times, women were never given the opportunity to be vocal about their thoughts. Now, given the opportunity, they fulfill what they will and are not waiting for some prince charming to come to woo them away. Instead, they're willing to take the bold step themselves.Reya Jacob, an engineer: Women are definitely the one taking the initiative to disclose their feelings, the main reason being men fear responsibility. As long as the woman is around and he's not responsible for her, the man may seem fine. But when marriage comes into the picture, men subconsciously hear their woman screaming at them \"You will be responsible for me\" and that's when they back out. Just so the man doesn't worm out of it, women need to take the responsibility in their hands.Abhideep Das, Sports reporter: The world has changed and old customs and traditions have changed too. Why only proposing, nowadays both men and women are pretty fine with the fact that a lady earns a higher salary. In short, age-old customs and traditions are just history now.simi.kuriakose@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14144919", "title": "Remove encroachment from Nalanda Medical College and Hospital: Ramaiah", "text": "PATNA: Presiding over a meeting with the Patients' Welfare Society of the Nalanda Medical College and Hospital (NMCH) here on Thursday, Patna division commissioner KP Ramaiah issued directions to take several measures for the betterment of patients.Ramaiah said the NMCH should provide better infrastructure to patients. The hospital premises should be kept clean and hygienic. To increase the standard of the hospital, authorities should ensure free medicines to patients. The attendants of patients should also be provided with necessary facilities.The commissioner reviewed the execution of his instructions given at the meeting with Patients' Welfare Society on January 23. He asked the society to send a requisition to the state health department for dialysis technician.\"The encroachments from the hospital premises should be removed immediately. The district administration should take immediate initiative to remove encroachments,\" he said. Saplings plantation should also be done on a priority basis. He also gave directives for regular payment to the hospital plumber, electrician and sanitation workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "14145181", "title": "Cotton output set to fall by 25% in state", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: After experiencing a sharp rise in cotton production for two years in continuation, top Gujarat government officials estimate the possibility of an abrupt fall in 2012-13. \"The fall may be 25 per cent or more\", a senior state government official told TOI. In fiscal 2011-12, cotton production in Gujarat was around 112 lakh bales, up from 98 lakh bales in the previous year. The rise of 14 per cent took place after cotton production experienced a whopping 33 per cent rise in 2010-11.\"Already, there is a fall in the area being brought under cotton cultivation. As against 30 lakh hectares (ha) brought under cotton cultivation last year, this year it would not cross 25 lakh ha,\" the bureaucrat said, adding, \"Much would, of course, depend on rains. But even if it rains normally cotton production will go down by at least 15 per cent. Field reports suggest that increasing number of farmers are moving away from cotton to other crops, especially groundnut.\"During discussions at Planning Commission early this month, state officials were told that rise in the output of cotton and castor crops was the main reason why Gujarat's agriculture grew so significantly in the recent past. As for other crops, there was not much of rise. Even the average 5.08 per cent per annum growth in the 11th five year plan (2007-12) was achieved because of these two crops, it was suggested. Gujarat accounts for one-third of all cotton produced in the country.Already state officials are busy finding fault with Government of India's \"lopsided textile policy\" which may be the main reason why farmers are shifting from cotton. Describing the policy a \"complete disaster\", a top state official said, \"The policy virtually ruined the state's farmers, who were forced to sell their cotton for as low as Rs 32,000 per candy (355.6 kg) as against the price they got a year earlier, Rs 62,000 per candy. Early trends suggest there is a 15 per cent fall in the sale of cotton seeds.\"\"Top Central ministers are in hand-in-glove with the textile lobby of South India. They forced a complete ban on cotton exports to divert cotton to industry. This led to hue and cry, especially by chief minister Narendra Modi , which led to partially lifting of the ban. Last year, 80 lakh bales of Gujarat cotton was exported, but following the ban they got a very low price. Gujarat does not have the required cotton spinning and weaving units to absorb cotton produced in the state\", the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14148079", "title": "Nagaur murder case: Rajasthan MLA alleges politicians' involvement", "text": "JAIPUR: Khinwsar legislator Hanuman Beniwal has alleged that Nagaur's Sawai Singh kidnap and murder case was as grave as Jodhpur's Bhanwari Devi kidnap and murder case since this, too, smacked of politicians' illicit relations.Beniwal accused the local police of colluding with some senior politicians suspected to be linked with the murder that was executed earlier this month. \"If the police do not arrest these politicians within a week, I shall meet the chief minister to demand a CBI probe,\" Beniwal said.The local police have already arrested Singh's widow and two men for the murder that was said to be a fallout of illicit relations. Singh, a resident of village Matasukh in Nagaur district, was kidnapped and killed just a month after his marriage. \"Police should get the phone call details of arrested men Siyaram and Mahesh, as this will prove the local politicians' involvement in the murder because of their illicit relations,\" alleged Beniwal. \"It is a big sex scandal that the police needs investigate properly,\" the legislator said.The Bhanwari Devi kidnap and murder case of September last year led to the sacking of the then water resources minister Mahipal Maderna from the Ashok Gehlot government's cabinet. Maderna and another Congress legislator Malkhan Singh Bishnoi were later arrested for mastermind the government nurse's murder with whom the two were alleged to have illicit relations. The matter was investigated by the CBI and the case is currently tried at Jodhpur court.Last week the Gehlot government suffered another blow when yet another of his party legislators from Barmer district was alleged to have illicit relations with an unidentified woman. Congress legislator and Gehlot's critic Sonaram Chaudhary had demanded CBI probe in the Barmer case, too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14141288", "title": "Vidarbha could be placed in Tier 'B'", "text": "NAGPUR: The fighting performance they put up throughout the last season may not go futile for Vidarbha. They might have missed the Elite berth - losing Plate Group semifinal to Hyderabad - last year but Vidarbha can still rub the shoulders with Elite group teams.If the recommendations made by Sourav Ganguly-led technical committee are accepted in the BCCI's working committee, Vidarbha could be placed in Group 'B' for the 2012-13 Ranji Trophy season.Nine of the top 15 Elite teams will make for the first nine teams in Tier 'A' and the remaining six teams will make for Tier 'B'. Three top Plate teams - according to the rankings as per the last season - will be promoted as the other three teams in Tier 'B'. Tier 'C' will consist of the remaining nine Plate Division teams. Each season from here on, the top two teams from each tier will find themselves being promoted or relegated according to performances and standings.If a BCCI official is to be believed, Vidarbha are 18th in the domestic ranking, which is enough for them to qualify for the Tier 'B'.\"Vidarbha were the pool toppers last year, so that is enough for them to put above Himachal Pradesh. Besides, they defeated Himachal last year and lost to Hyderabad only on run rate. They would be placed in the Tier 'B'. The recommendations will be ratified in working committee,\" a BCCI official, who doesn't wish to be named told TOI on Wednesday.Hyderabad and Maharashtra - both of whom had qualified for Elite group last year - too will be placed in Tier 'B'. It also means that Gujarat and Odisha, despite being relegated last year, are likely to remain in Tier 'B'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14149731", "title": "Prosenjit's road show to launch reality show", "text": "Zee Bangla brought for their audience a unique road show on Rash Behari Avenue on June 14 2012 to celebrate the launch of the new reality show on the channel Banglar Sera Paribar hosted by the Tollywood's badshah, Prosenjit Chatterjee. There were dancers dancing to Rabindra sangeet, Punjabi bhangra and Gujarati folk songs.Winners of contests of the show on vintage car having the experience of a lifetime, flag bearers waving the flag with Banglar Sera Paribar emblem all were there along with Prosenjit Chatterjee standing on a vintage car waving to his fans. The road show started at 7pm from Deshopriyo park and ended at Chetla Agrani Club covering the entire busy stretch of Rash Behari Avenue of South Kolkata with much pomp and show. The road show got over at Chetla Agrani Club where Prosenjit Chatterjee greeted 1200 enthusiastic audience waiting in anticipation to catch a glimpse of their favourite star.\" Being a fine actor need a different talent and being a good host of a reality show requires different set of skills altogether- it's a new chapter in my life and I am enjoying this' said Prosenjit.Prosenjit also greeted Mr. Firhad Hakim, Honorable cabinet minister of Government of West Bengal ; Nirmala Misra, renowned singer of Bengal and Tilottama, popular television actor who were also present at the event. The loud cheers of the crowd was greeted by warm words by Prosenjit Chatterjee who sat along with more than 1000 fans and watched the episode of Banglar Sera Paribar on a giant screen under the starlit sky as the clock ticked 9.30 pm on Thurday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14146122", "title": "Cops to act against vehicles with tinted glasses", "text": "NASHIK: The traffic branch of the city police has decided to take action against owners of vehicles with tinted glasses. The decision to penalize the owners came due to complaints of four-wheelers with tinted glasses being used for crime. Over the past two days-Wednesday and Thursday-the traffic police fined 80 car drivers, mainly those driving around Dwarka junction, CBS and Shalimar.The traffic police said 30 four-wheeler owners were fined on Wednesday, while on Thursday another 50 were penalized for flouting the Motor Vehicle Act. As per the act, if a vehicle has tinted windows on the front and rear windscreens that blocks light by more than 30% and the tint on the side window panes is more than 50%, then the owner of the vehicle is liable for action.Though traffic police said vehicles moving around with tinted glasses must be due to the summer, it was also aiding criminals to make their escape without being identified.With vehicle thefts on the rise in the city, there have been complaints against people who drive vehicles without relevant documents. In 2011, as many as 1,079 cases of vehicle thefts that include two-wheelers were reported from the city, with the police managing to trace mere 19% of it.Many people in the city are also of the view that motorists do not carry documents with them and end up paying a fine of Rs 100 before they are let off. This applies even to vehicle thieves, who also pay a similar fine of Rs 100 and get away even though they must be driving a stolen vehicle. Unless the police intensify the drive to check documents, they may not be able to bring down the vehicle thefts in the city, people said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14151545", "title": "Parents demand location change of nursery classes", "text": "CHENNAI: For the second day on Friday, parents of kindergarteners studying in BVM Global school in Perumbakkam near Chennai gathered in front of the KG section to demand that the management change the location of the nursery section. The school management, however, refused to budge from its position.A group of around 60 parents gathered in the morning to demand that the Pre-KG, LKG and UKG classes be shifted to a safer part of the campus, only to be told by the management that there was going to be no change and that parents who did not have trust in the school were free to remove their children from the school.The parents alleged that the school, catering to the gated community of Bollineni Hillside, shifted some of the classes to a part of the campus that was still under construction, led to a common road, had a gas bank next door and had no play area for the children. The parents claimed that they were informed of the new location only by email before school reopened on Thursday.After the parents made the demand, a representative of the school management informed them that the parents were expected to trust the school to take decisions that were in the best interest of the students. The management then put out a notice saying that parents who had problems with the management's decision could request to withdraw their children from the school, and that the fee collected for this academic year would be refunded in a couple of days.\"We were shocked at the management's response to our demand. It is a justifiable demand. We want our children to be safe. What is wrong in that. Isn't it better to be safe than sorry? This is no way to give assurance,\" said a concerned parent.Expressing their displeasure at the school's move to change the location of the school's KG section, some parents had said that they would not be sending their children to school till the management shifted the classrooms to a safer location. \"Now they tell us that there is nothing to be done. They know that we will hesitate to remove our children from the school over this issue because we are satisfied with everything else in the school. But, should that mean that we have to compromise on the safety of pur children,\" asked another parent.Responding to queries from TOI on Thursday, the school management said that only a few parents were protesting, and that the parents will have to trust the school to make decision in the best interest of the children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14141659", "title": "1.3 lakh candidates give RAS-2012 prelims a miss", "text": "JAIPUR: Over 1.3 lakh aspirants of Rajasthan Administrative Service (RAS)-2012 didn't turn up for the prelim exam held on Thursday, leading to a waste of administrative resources. This exam is the gateway to high-ranking administrative and police services in the state.This year, 3.88 lakh candidates applied for the exam but to the suprise of Rajasthan Public Service Commisssion (RPSC), which conducts the RAS exam, only 2.55 lakh candidates gave the exam in a total of 1,100 centres across the state. Figures released by RPSC say only 66% candidates appeared in the exam, which is the lowest in the last few years.\"Jaipur recorded 60% attendance, which is the minimum in the state. The city had 300 exam centres to accomodate over 1.20 lakh candidates. Off the total, only 70,000 candidates appeared in the exam leaving many centres with only a handful of candidates,\" RPSC secretary A K Pathak said.The state governent spends lakhs of rupees on conducting this exam. It also involves education department and local district authorities. \"It's a mammoth task which requires months of planning. The low attendence disappoints us as it leads to under utilisation of resources,\" Pathak added.The poor attendence shows that many students were not serious about exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14144503", "title": "Zeta-Jones nodded 'Rock Of Ages' without looking at script", "text": "Actress Catherine Zeta-Jones gave her nod to Rock of Ages director Adam Shankman without even looking at the script. The actress is playing Patricia Whitemore, the main anatagonist, in this adaptation of Rock of Ages musical built around classical rock hits of 80s.Can you tell me what drew you to Rock of Ages and what it was like playing Patricia Whitmore?Well, when Adam Shankman called me and said, 'Do you want to sing and dance again?,' I said yes without even looking at the script. He gave me an outline of what they were doing. I hadn't seen the play Rock of Ages before, and I still haven't seen it, which is normal for me. I hadn't seen Chicago before I did the movie either. And then I read the script and thought, 'Wow, what a fun, fun character.' And I get to sing Hit Me With Your Best Shot , which is one of my favorite Pat Benatar songs. I couldn't wait.What I loved about the character was that she is so multi-layered. She's a rightwing conservative woman in the '80s, who obviously has underlying secrets and a few skeletons in the closet. I thought I could have so much fun with her, and I did. I think when you see the movie, you just have fun. And that's exactly what each and every one of those actors is having once we'd made it. It was so much fun.What was it like for you to perform Hit Me With Your Best Shot ? It's a different kind of number than what you did in Chicago .Well, I only had a few days' rehearsal because there were so many dance numbers and so many songs to rehearse when I came into Miami . So, I rehearsed it, and then shot it like two days later. And it was a blast, just working with Mia [Michaels], who is, I think, one of the best choreographers of our generation. That was a treat in itself.I haven't danced and sung for awhile, so it was like, 'Okay, I remember this. I remember those Achilles. I remember that thigh muscle. I remember that groin. I remember all those elements that come back to you.' It was a bit of a shock to the system, but it all worked out great.What was it like collaborating with director Adam Shankman on this film?I'd never worked with Adam before in a movie, but Adam has been so gracious to me in the past. I do a charity show for the Motion Picture and Television Fund every year where I sing and I invite guests to sing with me in a show in Los Angeles , and he was just a mensch and directed it for me, I think, three times now. That's the only time I've worked with him. But we have an underlying dialogue as ex-dancers. We don't have to even say a lot to each other because we speak a different language. And I felt, when I first met him, that I'd known him for years and I now consider him a dear, dear friend who happens to be a great director.Your sort of 'partner in crime' in the film is played by Bryan Cranston as the Mayor. How did the two of you fall into this rapport that you have?He's just such a great, consummate actor. Whether it be comedy, drama, musicals, theatre, he's the whole package. I was so looking forward to working with him. And we didn't really rehearse much. We have this inherent kind of banter off-screen as well as on-screen, and it just worked so well for our characters.What are your memories of that era of rock 'n' roll in which the film is set? Were you into that kind of music or different things?No, I was actually working. I started working very young in the theatre. And being European, I was more into the European new wave of the New Romantics and the British bands. L.A. was so far away at that point to me, and I'd never even been to America before I was fourteen years old. So it was like watching a movie.L.A. at that time was such a music scene. This music that came out of L.A. was so great, but it kind of passed me by, I have to say. But then, of course, every song that I hear in this movie is so memorable to me because we had it on the radio. It just transports me back to those years\u2014of big hair and nasty makeup and shoulder pads and Joan Collins on Dynasty. This film is really an ensemble of actors. What was it like working with a cast like this?Well, it was the drawing point for me, with Adam at the helm and this ensemble. It was a slam dunk because each and every one of them are just great actors, and I think when you see the film, you see how much fun we're having playing these roles and every individual had such a huge part of this movie that brings it all together.I don't think I've seen a lineup of actors like this in a musical on film, even going back to the Golden Era. There's usually just two maximum: Fred and Ginger or just Gene Kelly . So, every time the frames change on screen, it's like, 'Oh, there's Alec Baldwin . There's Russell Brand ! There's Tom Cruise!' It's just a treat. Forget about how much fun it is, just to see all of us up there on the screen is just fun anyway.And what was Tom Cruise like in this role? Were you taken by surprise when you saw his look?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14146218", "title": "20 principals appointed flouting UGC norms", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat University has received a complaint that nearly 20 principals in colleges affiliated to the university have been appointed by flouting UGC norms. These principals neither hold PhD degree nor have their research papers published in national or international journals, something that is a prerequisite as per the norms.The principal of JG College of Commerce, Saurabh Chowksi, was removed from his post on Tuesday by Gujarat University authorities. According to GU officials, Chowksi was sacked because he did not have the requisite academic qualifications as per the UGC norms.UGC rule for appointment of principals was framed in 1997 and these 20 principals were appointed later, as per the complaint.The list of principals include some holding the top post in some prestigious colleges of the city.GU vice-chancellor Parimal Trivedi confirmed that the varsity has received complaints about the 20 principals. \"We will conduct a thorough investigation into this. We will seek documents and appointment letters of these principals from their colleges. If we find that their appointments are done by flouting rules, all the necessary steps, including sacking these principals will be taken.\"Chowski had been principal in the college since 2002.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14144794", "title": "CAT notice to Centre, Haryana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a significant development in the case of Haryana's whistleblower IFS officer, Sanjiv Chaturvedi, the Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) on Thursday gave notice to both Centre and the Haryana government in his case related with central deputation.Confirming the development, Chaturvedi's counsel Kuldeep Tiwari told the Times of India that Haryana government, Union ministry of environment and forest, department of personnel and training (DoPT) and Central Vigilance Commissioner have been asked to file their responses in connection with the petition of the officer. Next hearing will be held on July 3. Chaturvedi was selected as deputy secretary, AIIMS, Delhi last month after he sought a central deputation.After his selection, the Central government has continuously been asking the Haryana government to relieve the officer but he has not been relieved as yet. To seek the relief, Chaturvedi, through advocates, Deepak Sibal and Kuldeep Tiwari, had filed a petition to the tribunal on Wednesday which was taken up on Thursday.As an interim relief, Chaturvedi had pleaded with the tribunal to restrain the Central government from filling the post with another officer. He had also urged to restrain the Centre from debarring Chaturvedi from central deputation, claiming that \"he is not able to join the duty (AIIMS) only, because of the state government, which is deliberately not relieving him.\"According to Tiwari, the tribunal has given interim relief to the officer.In the petition, Chaturvedi alleged that his relieving order has been withheld to further harass him and implicating him in new false cases. A 2002 Haryana batch IFS officer, Chaturvedi is at present posted in the forest department at Hisar. He had exposed various irregularities in the state forest department, from 2007 to 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14143866", "title": "Aides stop former RSS chief from speaking to media", "text": "PUNE: Former Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) chief K S Sudarshan was stopped from interacting with the media by his own men at a function held at Balgandharv Rangmandir on Thursday.Sudarshan, who was in the city to attend a felicitation programme, was seated in the audience and not among dignitaries on the stage. When some media persons requested him to speak, Sudarshan readily agreed. However, his aides sitting nearby immediately surrounded him. They said that Sudarshan does not speak to the media without prior permission. Sudarshan looked puzzled by the reaction of his own men. \"Why will I not speak? I am going to speak to them,\" he said. However, his aides did not relent and told the media persons to go away. \"You need to understand the RSS system. Don't insist and go away. I know you are going to ask him about RSS,\" one of his associates said. Sudarshan remained a mute spectator as the journalists left the scene.Sudarshan's early years as the sarsanghachalak were tumultuous with the BJP in power at the Centre. The Sangh Parivar came under attack for the post-Godhra riots in Gujarat and the Jinnah controversy triggered by Advani during a trip to Pakistan . Sudarshan, who retired in 2009 citing health reasons, made headlines for making controversial statements. In 2010, the Sangh had to express regret over one such statement he made against Congress president Sonia Gandhi . The Sangh had then clarified that Sudarshan's views on the Congress president do not represent the views of the organisation.Sudarshan has kept a low profile since then and is guarded from making any statements, said an RSS worker present at the functioN.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14146956", "title": "Preventable child deaths to be eliminated", "text": "Researchers have outlined a strategy and benchmark for curbing childhood preventable deaths and recommended a new common vision for a global commitment to end all preventable child deaths.Preventable childhood deaths caused by illnesses such as pneumonia and diarrhea can be nearly eliminated in 10 years, say researchers from the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health and the National Institutes of Health.Developed in 2000 by the United Nations , eight Millennium Development Goals (MDG) were created to meet the needs of the world's poorest and most vulnerable populations.Guidelines for achieving the goals were established and agreed upon by all countries including a number of the world's leading development institutions.The goals range from halting the spread of HIV/AIDS to reducing preventable deaths among children to providing universal primary education by 2015.\"Preventable deaths remain the leading cause of deaths among children under 5,\" said Robert Black , MD, MPH, senior author of the commentary and the Edgar Berman Professor and chair in the Bloomberg School's Department of International Health.\"Recent studies suggest a decline in the total number of deaths between 2000 and 2010. However the decline is not sufficient enough to reach Millennium Development Goal number 4, which seeks to reduce child mortality by two-thirds in 2015.\"\"During the last 20 years, global health efforts have saved over 50 million child lives\u2014half of them from pneumonia, diarrhea, and measles. Success in bending the curve of child mortality is predicated on renewed commitment and political will, as well as continued innovation in health technology and implementation,\" he noted.To reduce child mortality and improve maternal health, as outlined in Millennium Development Goals 4 and 5, government officials from the Unites States, India and Ethiopia , in collaboration with UNICEF and other partners, will convene a Child Survival Call to Action in Washington, D.C., June 14-15.Maternal and child health experts will discuss building on significant global achievements and create a coordinated strategy to support the MDG goals beyond the 2015 deadline.Researchers believe if the world's average under-five mortality rate can be reduced to that of industrialized countries today, the global total this year would be two million deaths or less.The Lives Saved Tool developed at Johns Hopkins, predicts improvements in mortality rates that can be achieved in 2035 by scaling up current interventions to provide full and equitable coverage. This modeling tool could provide insights into the individual value of each intervention.\"Such a vision will not be compelling unless it can be tied to concrete and measurable benchmarks at global and country levels that are both ambitious and plausible,\" the researchers noted.Their commentary appeared in the June issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association.\"In this commentary we endorse one proposed benchmark: that all countries achieve a national under-5 mortality rate of 20 deaths per 1,000 live births by 2035 and that the global average under-5 mortality rate be 15 per 1,000 in 2035. Of 195 countries, 102 are already at 20 deaths per 1,000 or below, 39 would reach the goal by 2035 at current annual rates of reduction and 54 would have to accelerate the progress above the 2000-2010 annual rates of reduction,\" said Black.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14145023", "title": "Romy brings 'Dil Lehgai'", "text": "Romy is now giving us a vibrant new track which is produced by the maestro of hits Rishi Rich. Romy had written the song himself and co produced it with Rishi over the last few months while the video has been directed by the multi talented BEE2.Speaking about his latest single Romy says, \"I hope people like the track and find words in the song which may mean something to them and if they don't then I hope that Rishi's beats will make them rock the dance floors across the Desi scene but if they like both then its gonna be a long night\"!Romy's management is now Seinz management who are looking at helping Romy branch out into other arena's and territories with discussions about a tour in India and Canada in the pipeline, the next few years could end up being a rollercoaster of a journey.Rishi Rich, who has previously worked with the likes of Britney Spears , Madonna and responsible for breaking Jay Sean into the Asian market says, \"Romy is such a great person to work with and the energy he has in the studio is just infectious. I'm sure he will bring smiles to people everywhere\".Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "14146456", "title": "Azhikkal fishing harbour wears a deserted look", "text": "KANNUR: Fisherfolk who work in mechanized trawlers are a worried lot with the trawling ban coming into effect from Thursday midnight.\"Every year we face the same problem, but authorities feign ignorance and keep making similar promises,\" says P V Asharaf, a fisherman working in a trawler in Azhikode here.\"Though the government says it would give free ration and such other benefits, we get very few benefits owing to various technical reasons. As a result we face acute financial problems during the monsoon,\" he said. Many of them take up daily wage jobs during this period, but there aren't many jobs available in this period.Though the trawling ban came into effect only on Thursday, most of the boats had harboured a week ago and the workers who come from other districts as well as other states, have left the place, giving Azhikkal fishing harbour a deserted look.The rainy season is a season of worries for the smalltime agents too, says Nikhil C K, a fisherman and smalltime agent in Azhikode.T Sajeevan, a fisherman and captain of a fishing boat in Ayikkara here, agrees. \"I have been working here for the last 15 years, and every monsoon season poverty engulfs us,\" says Sajeevan, who is from Ochira in Kollam. \"As we know only this job and it's difficult to do some other job. Though we can go in traditional fishing boats as there is no ban on traditional fishing, those fishermen won't let us accompany them,\" he adds.Mechanics too become underemployed in this period as mechanized trawlers are harboured. They will not have much work for the next one and-a-half month. \"We don't know how we will survive in the coming weeks,\" said P Pradeepan, a mechanic.According to him, fisher folk aren't used to saving money, and this further aggravates their problem. The government should introduce some mandatory savings-cum-welfare scheme for fishermen, and also give them counselling on lifestyle management, Pradeepan said.\"Though people take classes for fishermen on various matters, no one tries to understand the psyche of the fisher folk, which is closely linked to the uncertainty of this profession,\" says the young mechanic, who appeared sure the story wouldn't be any different in the coming years either.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14144159", "title": "Govt razes illegal road at Sernabatim", "text": "MARGAO: Acting upon the orders of the high court of Bombay at Goa and the subsequent directions from the Goa coastal zone management authority (GCZMA), Salcete deputy collector and sub-divisional magistrate D M Redkar demolished an illegal road at Sernabatim beach on Thursday.According to the GCZMA order, the road had been constructed by Armando Colaco without its approval as well as approvals from other concerned departments. The GCZMA had conducted a site inspection on February 7 where it was concluded that the original access road termed as the 'old road/the seaside/waterside road' may be maintained, while the second access road termed as new road on the eastern side (landward) had to be demolished. Redkar, who carried out the demolition in the presence of GCZMA officials, police, Salcete joint mamlatdar Madhu Narvekar, said that Suvarna Bandekar had filed a writ petition complaining about the encroachment. As per the order, permissions were given to the owners of plots 16/4 and 16/4-A to erect strong bio-fencing as per coastal regulation zone (CRZ) norms all along their borders to prevent any further violation or encroachment.\"By virtue of the powers delegated to the GCZMA under Section 5 of the Environment (Protection) Act, 1986, and as per directions of the high court writ petition no 606 of 2011 and misc civil application, the GCZMA directs the deputy collector to restore the land to its original condition within a period of 10 day of the receipt of this order,\" said GCZMA member secretary Michael D'Souza.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14143870", "title": "Lokayukta cops nab RTO inspector", "text": "BANGALORE: Lokayukta police on Wednesday caught a senior vehicle inspector of KR Puram regional transport office when he was allegedly accepting Rs15,000 as bribe from a fleet owner.Lokayukta police said the transport company owner, KR Manjunatha, approached Lokayukta police, stating that his lorries ply between Kolar and Bangalore. The senior vehicle inspector, D Manjunatha, allegedly demanded Rs18,000 through his agent Parameshwara, alias Mastigowda, to allow the lorries to ply between the two places without any hindrance. After negotiations, the bribe amount was fixed at Rs 15,000.Lokayukta police laid a trap and the vehicle inspector was caught red-handed while accepting the amount. Manjunatha and Parameshwara were arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14146806", "title": "Gajaar in Hindi as Moksh", "text": "\"Gajaar\"- Journey of the Soul, maiden but Award winning Marathi Film from the banner of Boutique Cinema Private Limited is now getting adapted in Hindi as \"MOKSH\"- Journey of the Soul.Talkie portion of the film will be reshot in Hindi with same actors while soundtrack will be re-done by Shankar Mahadevan and Vibha. \"The response and all the appreciation for our work inspired us to bring it in Hindi for mainstream audience. Instead of dubbing, we decided to reshoot the talkie portion in Hindi. Hence we are shooting at the festival of Wari since June 12th for 18 days. We have not done any changes to the main story, but just adapted to suit the Hindi film audience. Our actors and technicians are also the same,\" Comments the producer Sunill Khosla.With 27 awards in various categories from different institutions and many nominations in many other awards, this Marathi film has broken all records. Produced by Sunill Khosla &amp; Vibha Dutta Khosla film is directed by award winning director Ajit Bhairavkar, it has starcast of Chinmay Mandlekar, Suhas Shirsat, Umesh Jagtap and is introducing Sukadha Yash along with Edward Sonnenblick.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh ", "code": "14153801", "title": "Union minister agrees to include Bhiwani, Mahendergarh in NCR region", "text": "CHANDIGARH : The Union minister for Urban Development Kamal Nath on Friday consented to include Bhiwani and Mahendergarh district into the list area falling under the national capital region (NCR) .The union minister is learned to have conveyed this to delegation of ministers, Bhiwani MP Shruti Choudhary who called on him at New Delhi during before noon hours.Haryana Public Health Engineering Minister Kiran Choudhry, who accompanied her Bhiwani MP daughter Shruti informed that the union minister has assured an early move towards this decision.We had been taking up this issue with union ministry for long. Infact, the efforts made by Shruti have really paid off well,'' Kiran Choudhary said while elaborating upon a demi official letter (DO) written by her to Urban Development minister.The Minister said that after becoming a part of the NCR, these two districts of Haryana would witness a new dimension of progress and development as more funds from National Capital Region Planning Board would be available for development of these areas.Besides the mother-daughter duo another delegation of MLAs from Southern Haryana namely Health Minister, Rao Narender Singh, Cooperatio?n Minister, Satpal Sangwan and Chief Parliament?ary Secretary, Rao Dan Singh had also met the union minister.The MLAs, who comes from the chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda's camp had also handed over a memorandum to Union minister while pressing the same demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "14141211", "title": "Cannabis farming in full bloom in Kullu valley", "text": "MANALI: Cultivation of cannabis and poppy could be on the decline in government records in Kullu, but in reality is quite different, with even more villagers indulging in illegal farming, sources said. Report that disturbs the most is that hundreds of school children are also working in illegal fields and helping their parents in growing the narcotics.The Kullu police have registered over 25 cases of poppy cultivation this year. Now, its cannabis cultivation season and farmers are busy in their far-flung fields. Most of them in Parbati valley are cultivating cannabis on contract basis with Nepali people. Escaping the eyes of police, growers are moving deep inside the jungles. As the area under cannabis cultivation changes and increases every year, the satellite images by Hyderabad-based Advanced Data Processing Research Institute (ADRIN) too seems to be failing to detect the fields inside jungles.A resident in Parbati valley, Beli Ram, said people from over a dozen villages are engaged in cannabis cultivation these days and young boys, including students, help their parents in the fields. \"If children won't help parents, then how would they earn their living? They work only during their holidays,\" he said. He added that dry weather conditions in lower areas is hampering cultivation but forest land inside jungles has enough moisture and people are busy at their work.A source said, hybrid quality of seeds is being used to yield good crop. Cultivators were not growing cannabis only to get resins from its leaves but some plants are being left to extract seeds out of them.Villagers are camping in jungles and they have deployed persons with binoculars to keep an eye on the police. Even the Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) officials admit that cannabis cultivation is going on in full swing these days. \"What would we eat if we give up cultivating cannabis,\" says Budh Ram, a resident of Malana, who has planned to cultivate it on at least 10 bighas of land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14137568", "title": "30% information commissioners\u2019 posts vacant", "text": "NEW DELHI: Seven years after the country passed the Right to Information (RTI) Act, a study of India's information commissions throws up some rather startling findings. Thirty per cent of the posts of Information Commissioners lie vacant. Some states don't have a chief information commissioner. The vast majority of those who do become information commissioners are retired civil servants.The study says only 83 information commissioners have been appointed for 117 posts. Jharkhand has the maximum number of vacancies in any information commission. Manipur and Tripura don't have a chief information commissioner.In 2006-07, a little more than half (52%) of India's information commissioners were retired civil servants. In 2012 the figure jumped to 66%, or two-thirds of the 83 information commissioners at the central and state level. When it comes to chief information commissioners, 90% are retired civil servants.\"Appointment to information commissions is more a post-retirement benefit for the favoured few to the exclusion of all others who may perhaps have a greater claim,\" says the report by the Commonwealth Human Rights Initiative, an organization that was closely associated with drafting and implementing the RTI Act.The report points to states such as Gujarat, Himachal, Tamil Nadu and West Bengal where state information commissions consist solely of retired IAS officers. While, 50% of Haryana's state information commission consists of a husband and wife team.\"No eminent citizen with experience and expertise in the fields of management, science and technology, mass media, journalism and social service has been appointed CIC anywhere in the country since 2005,\" says the report. This, despite a provision in the RTI Act for such professions during the selection of CIC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14152028", "title": "Foreign universities won\u2019t change overall education quality: Experts", "text": "KOCHI: The state education minister Abdu Rabb's statement in Delhi the other day welcoming foreign universities to Kerala has evoked mixed reactions with experts saying that it is not likely to change the quality of education. \"The arrival of foreign universities will not make a marked difference in the education scenario in the state as it is very evident that the top-notch universities will not come. As for the institutions that will come and invest, they will be looking at it from a resource mobilization point of view,\" said education expert R V G Menon.He said that the Indian fascination for all things foreign will ensure that there is no shortage of takers for their course. However, the move will be beneficial for some of the universities, working in core professional areas, where such collaborations will help faculty go abroad and update themselves with the latest in the field.\"The proliferation of unaided private institutions in general and the spread of foreign education providers in particular cannot remedy problems of higher education sector like low 'gross enrollment ratio' and poor quality,\" said M G University vice chancellor Rajan Gurukkal in his paper published in the Economic and Political Weekly recently.The paper states that starting of new world-class universities - no matter foreign or indigenous - would entail a heavy cost that would go as waste, impoverishing existing institutions. There is nothing like the strengthening of existing state-central universities and research institutions to be world-class or at least upgrading state universities to be on par with those owned and controlled by the central government, Gurukkal said.\"This is not going to benefit arts or humanities faculties. As for students who are good academically, they will grow wherever they study,\" said Menon.Former Kerala agricultural university vice-chancellor, K L Viswambharan said it is a welcome move for the state's youngsters as they have better infrastructure and exposure to latest developments. \"If the minister's invitation to foreign universities will bring in academic excellence at home, then it will offer more choices to our children,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14144698", "title": "Acer eyes up to 20% growth this fiscal", "text": "NEW DELHI: PC maker Acer said it is aiming to grow at a rate of 16-20 per cent on the back of demand from government, financial and education sectors.The company, which launched a range of new models under its Aspire series, also said it will expand its operations to tier II and III towns.\"Industry is expecting a growth between 8-12 per cent and if there are forward looking governments and we get projects ... like if this year the UP government project clicks... I don't think 12 per cent is an unrealistic figure. That is at the industry level. We are aiming is to see at least 16-20 per cent growth,\" S Rajendran, Chief Marketing Officer, Acer India said.Though he declined to share Acer India's annual turnover, Rajendran pointed out that DQ Top 20 survey had estimated the company's 2011-12 sales at Rs 3,000 crore.Although the company is focussed on retail segment to achieve its targetted growth, it plans to expand its footprint in the banking and financial services, education and government sectors.\"We are very focussed on the retail segment. On the enterprise side we are focussed on the under-penetrated banking and financial services, and SMBs space along with private eduction and government sectors,\" he said.Acer has increased prices of its products in \"double digits\" to set-off the steep fall in rupee's value.\"Rupee has a very direct and strong impact (on IT hardware industry)... Because of a small buffer of supply chain inventory, you can mute it for sometime, but at the end of the day it has to flow through,\" he said, adding, \"if the rupee goes up further then we'll have no option than to further increase the prices.\"Hit by the falling rupee and constrained supply of components because of floods in Thailand and tsunami in Japan, hardware makers in the country, which rely heavily on imports, have hiked prices of devices like desktops and laptops.The rupee has fallen from 45 level per dollar in May 2011 to 56-level at the end of May this year, depreciating by over 24 per cent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14143971", "title": "NCP's hunt for city chief continues", "text": "PUNE: Leaders of the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) are looking for a candidate to take over as the chief of the city unit, even as supporters of Vandana Chavan, who was recently elected as a Rajya Sabha MP, want her to continue on the post.Last Friday, senior party leaders, including Chavan, met Ajit Pawar to discuss the names that could be considered for the chief's post, but no consensus was reached.The process to appoint a new chief began right after Chavan's recent election to the Rajya Sabha. Chavan has communicated to the party leadership that she would like to focus on her new role as MP and the post of the city unit chief should be given to someone else.However, Chavan's supporters in the partyinsist that she continue as the city chief. \"As the city unit chief,Vandana Chavan has helped the party establish a connect with the upper middle class and the middle class. It was during her tenure that the party enlarged its mass base. She successfully managed the civic elections and ensured that the party remains united,\" said former mayor Mohansingh Rajpal.Her supporters have pointed out that despite dissension from a section of members, Chavan put all her efforts in the civic elections andhelped the NCP emerge as the single largest party in the PMC. Another section of party leadersfeels someone new should take over as and start preparations for the 2014 general elections.Chavan told TOI, \"The decision about the city unit chief's post will be taken by party president Sharad Pawar and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar. All the leaders in Pune have resolved to accept their decision.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "14141712", "title": "Bush\u2019s \u2018severed head\u2019 on show stirs row, TV channel says sorry", "text": "NEW YORK: A scene on the TV show 'Game of Thrones', showing a model of former US President George W Bush's head impaled on a spike has sparked outrage, forcing the show's creators and channel HBO to issue an apology.The head, appears for just a second in an episode of the fiction series that aired last year. It went unnoticed until a Reddit user flagged it, bringing swift condemnation, reported New York Daily News .Craig Eaton, chairman of the Brooklyn Republican Party, called the grisly cameo \"disgraceful\" and said he would feel the same way if it was President Barack Obama's head. Show bosses David Benioff and D B Weiss acknowledged the likeness during the commentary feature on the show's DVD boxed set, noting the decision to use the model was motivated by budget and not by politics. \"Bush's head appears in a couple of beheading scenes. It's not a choice, it's not a political statement. We just had to use whatever head we had around,\" they said in the commentary.HBO and the show's creators apologized for the incident. \"We use a lot of prosthetic body parts on the show. We can't afford to have these all made from scratch, especially where we need a lot of them, so we rent them in bulk. After the scene was already shot, someone pointed out that one of the heads looked like George W Bush ,\" Benioff and Weiss said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14151269", "title": "Dilshad Garden Child Welfare Committee handing out postcards to get feedback from rescued children", "text": "NEW DELHI: This CWC wants to hear directly from the children. Finding it hard to keep track of kids rescued from child labour and restored to families, the Dilshad Garden Child Welfare Committee (CWC) has started handing out addressed and stamped post-cards to the rescued children so they can write back informing them of how they're doing. The first batch went to a group of five kids rescued from employment agencies in Shakarpur.\"Follow-ups are always difficult once they've gone back home to Bihar or UP,\" says chairman of CWC Dilshad Garden Ajay Kumar Singh, \"With the postcards, they can write to us, tell us if they've got their bank accounts and have been admitted into schools.\" Singh and his team are extra-interested in following-up as they have been going to great lengths to ensure the kids, once restored to their homes, get some semblance of a normal life. The CWC has been imposing fines on employers - minimum wages multiplied by the number of months the child has worked - and handing it over directly to the kids. In many cases, children restored to their families are re-trafficked as the conditions remain the same.In order to ensure that the money the children get as settlement - the CWC has awarded as much as Rs. 5.4 lakh to a batch of kids - is put to good use, they are also writing to local branches of banks and government schools close to the kids' homes requesting them to expedite the processes of account-opening and admissions. If things don't go according to the CWC's plan, the children can always let their rescuers in Delhi know.Singh got 80 post-cards in the first lot. Most of those went to a large group of children the CWC is expecting to rescue this week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14150880", "title": "Address girl child bias issue across classes: NAC", "text": "MUMBAI: Horror stories of female foetuses being dumped and allegedly fed to dogs in the district of Beed in Maharashtra have hit headlines this month. It is essential to spare a thought about the government's strategy in dealing with the falling child sex ratio.The working group of the National Advisory Council (NAC) recently released its draft recommendations and raised a few pertinent suggestions to tackle the bias against the girl child.The document underlines the need to review whether government schemes are \"truly and directly contributing to changing perception about the worth of a daughter\". For instance, it questions whether financial benefits given to families in the name of a daughter after she turns 18 or 21 actually change the basic attitude of a couple towards bearing a girl child.It is high time this were done given that the Census 2011 findings revealed that the country's child sex ratio had declined to an all-time low of 914 girls below six years per 1,000 boys, the lowest since Independence.The document also highlights an important area that has largely been ignored when the issue of sex selection is raised. Most of the state's programmes and schemes for the girl child are largely directed towards the poor, even though the bias for a male child is equally replicated in the middle class and higher-economic strata homes. \"An analysis of the child sex ratio data from the 2001 census shows that ratios are lower amongst the educated and affluent, though rural areas are not far behind,\" points out the NAC draft, questioning what was the rationale for targeting poor families with cash incentives?Maybe it is time after all to acknowledge that bias against the girl child cuts across classes. To look beyond mere technocratic schemes and programmes and find ways to fight basic societal biases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14144877", "title": "Jism 2 in Tamil?", "text": "According to recent rumours, Sunny's Jism 2 will be dubbed in Tamil and TeluguWhile films like The Dirty Picture , Dabangg are being remade in south, but director Pooja Bhatt is taking the easy route and dubbing Jism 2 in regional languages Tamil and Telugu, so we hear! The director wants to make sure everyone watches the erotic thriller. And it seems Pooja is super confident about her project.Bipasha Basu and John Abraham's Jism managed to rake in moolah at the box office. Guess Pooja is relying entirely on Sunny Leone and her popularity to cash in any probable success at the BO.Pooja is all set to lend her voice to Sunny in the Hindi version, wonder who would dub for the actor in Tamil and Telugu. Jism 2 is scheduled to hit the screens by August 3. The film also has Randeep Hooda and Arunoday Singh in the lead, besides Sunny Leone.Source: bollywoodlife.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14147730", "title": "I can't do without my son: Nandita Das", "text": "For actor and director Nandita Das , what matters most is now her 22 month old son Vihaan. \"He's turned 22 months old today,\" says the proud mom who was in town on Monday for the World' Day Against Child Labour seminar organized by UP Government and UNICEF.\"I'm just busy trying to be the perfect mom. My world revolves around my son Vihaan. Although I am here in Lucknow today, but all I want to do is get over my commitments here and rush back to him. However much I'm loving this seminar and my interaction with all you people, I can't get my son out of my head. I can't stay away from him and love to just be with him hear his stories, indulge him when he's being naughty and just enjoying being a mom,\" says Nandita when one asks what is she doing these days.Getting more specific when we ask her about her acting career Nandita says she's still waiting for the right kind of scripts. \"I'm not getting any interesting scripts to work on. The day I do, I'll act in it. Not that I am actually out looking for work. I'm too occupied with my work as the Chairperson of the Children's Film Society and of course being a mum. I found Onir's I Am very interesting and hence I acted in it. Currently my Tamil film is being shot, which again is an interesting role. Otherwise I'm taking it easy.\"And so is the case with her direction. After having directed Firaaq the dusky beauty has been concentrating more on short films. \"They are interesting, make an impact, address a specific issue and are quick to make,\" says Das on why she is focusing on short films these days.Talking about the Children's film Society, Nandita says, \"It's sad that children's films are still not looked upon as a serious subject in our country. Abroad people are awarded for children's films and here it's not even discussed. You won't see an Indian film made specifically for kids being released in a theatre or multiplex, we at the Society want to change that. We want to bring children's cinema into the mainstream. And for that we will be releasing Gattu , a story of a small boy on July 20th all over the country as any mainstream Bollywood film.'Talking about the scope for children's films in India, Nandita says, \"We have a wealth of stories in our Panchatantras, our folktales and I wonder are our children so far away from all the things we grew up with that we cannot make a single film that may appeal to a whole new generation? That's what we need to exploit and it feels good when someone like Vishal Bharadwaj or Nagesh Kukunoor express a desire to make films for children. I count myself lucky to be in a position and use my Bollywood connections to make these people get involved in the process of making films for kids. Won't it be great if we too were to have our own desi Harry Potter kind of super kid?\" asks the winner of the Chevalier dans l'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres, or the Knight of the Order of Arts and Letters,a very prestigious civilian award awarded by the French Government and last year she was the first Indian to be inducted into the Hall of Fame of the International Women's Forum, Washington DC for her contribution in the fields of arts, culture, literature and also social work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14145363", "title": "Central govt relaxes air travel to J&K; for bureaucrats", "text": "New Delhi: Continuing the travel bonanza for 'babus', the government on Friday extended the rules - relaxing air travel to visit Jammu &amp; Kashmir under the Leave Travel Concession (LTC) scheme - for another two years (till June 17, 2014). The move will allow all categories of central government employees to travel to Jammu &amp; Kashmir by air, using either Air India or private airlines. But, they can travel only in 'Economy Class', irrespective of their entitlement.\"The idea is not only to provide the central government employee an additional facility as an incentive, but also to give a much needed boost to tourism in J&K; in the wake of continuing peace in the Valley\", said a senior official of the ministry of personnel which came out with an 'office memorandum' (OM) relating to extension of this facility on Friday. The government had in April extended the similar facility for central government employees to visit north-eastern states -- Assam , Arunachal Pradesh , Manipur, Mizoram, Tripura, Meghalaya, Nagaland and Sikkim - by air.Babus can avail this facility under the LTC scheme for travelling to these states by April 30, 2014. The OM, issued on Friday for J&K;, says the central government employee who wish to travel under the scheme will, however, to buy their Air tickets in 'Economy Class' \"either directly from the Airlines (booking counters/website) or through authorized agents only like Balmer Lawrie and Co. Ltd. or Ashok Travels and Tours Ltd./IRCTC\". An official explained that the government employees can, under the Rules, travel in private Airlines, but they would be entitled for concession to the extent what they get by travelling public sector airline (Air India) which is referred as LTC-80 Tickets.He said: \"This provision, however, does not deter them, travelling private Airlines as cost of ticket is invariably lesser that the Air India LTC-80 Tickets\". Similar provisions are also applicable for those who wish to visit north-eastern states, using private Airlines. It is expected that the extension of the 'air travel relaxation norms' will see rush of central government employees for various tourist destinations in J&K; in coming weeks when schools are still closed for summer vacation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14149953", "title": "BlackBerry to rein in traffic offenders", "text": "MYSORE: Those who violate traffic rules need to beware. The traffic cops have now been equipped with hi-tech gizmos that will record violations, which can be retrieved at the click of a button.Mysore city police on Thursday joined their Bangalore counters in implementing BlackBerry-assisted traffic enforcement, which will get them history of previous violations. This is important as the fine amount will be more in case the motorist violates the rules on more than one count.Mysore is the second city in Karnataka which has equipped its traffic cops with BlackBerry cellphones which will help them streamline traffic. Police commissioner K L Sudheer inaugurated the facility by issuing the first ticket to a two-wheeler rider for parking in a no-parking zone at Balarama Gate of Mysore Palace.City police said BlackBerry phones have been given to officers of the rank of police inspectors, sub-inspectors and assistant sub-inspectors to curb the traffic violations, which are on the rise in the city. Sample this: cases of over-speeding shot from 4,890 in 2010 to 10,204 in 2011, whereas the number of motorists driving without DLs rose to 4,220 in 2011 from 2,867 in 2010. The number of no-parking violations has shot up to 58,135 in 2011 from 38,144 in 2010.Some of the offences like sun film on four-wheelers attract Rs 100 fine when caught for the first time, and Rs 300 for subsequent violations. But with no access to database on previous violations, police hitherto considerd all violations as first-time ones.Under the latest system, BlackBerry phones are connected to rugged printer through Bluetooth. The data on violations will be stored in a centralized server, which can be accessed easily to obtain the history of violations.An official said the device is stored with 80 types of traffic violations, and the fine amount against each of them. \"Statements pertaining to booked cases can be obtained officer-wise and offence-wise too,\" the official stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14140408", "title": "BEST bus driver held for smash-up", "text": "MUMBAI: Sopan Kadam, a BEST bus driver, was arrested by the Bandra police on Thursday afternoon after he rammed into an autorickshaw and left it sandwiched between another BEST bus near Bandra talao on Station road, leading to a traffic jam for more than half an hour. Auto driver Mohammad Idris Mohammad Siddiqui sustained serious injuries, while Hussain Cementwala (37) and Ajgar Wahuddin (26), both passengers in the three-wheeler, suffered minor injuries.Kadam has been booked for rash driving and causing hurt.BEST spokesperson N A Walawalkar said a departmental enquiry will be conducted and Kadam may be suspended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14146898", "title": "Reality Show singers are copy cat: KK", "text": "Singer KK feels reality show participants don't come up with their own singing style and copy established singers. So they fall flat in spite of winning the show. The singer who was in Lucknow, shared his thoughts about music and personal life.I'm too hot: The summer heat obviously doesn't go unnoticed by KK who's just back after brief vacation from Kerela. \"God is this place hot? I haven't stopped sweating ever since I've landed here. I swear I haven't experienced peak summers since long and I wonder how you guys cope up with this heat. Ive just been back from Kerala where its almost cold,\" says he even while he's dressed in black from head to toe. Wondering why? \"Black makes me look slim,\" says he with an impish smile. \"But don't you think black looks cool on stage? I do, that's why for most of my stage performances you'll find me wearing black.\" Although he does clarify there's no superstition involved here. \"It's just an unconscious choice.\"Making Amends at last:Happy with the recent amendments incorporated in the Copyright Act, KK feels it was high time singers and lyricist were given a portion of the lion's share. \"It came a bit too late in India. All over the world every one gets a share from the profits of a song. Only in India, we didn't have something like this and we singers and lyricists were the ones getting a raw deal. Abroad, people have sung one song in their entire lives and they have earned from it for the rest of their lives. Here we would sing all our lives and yet not make enough money out of it. At least now everyone gets their share of the booty. Finally something is being done for us and why not? When every one is having the pie, why deny us a share in to too? So, this amendment is rock on!A lazy guy:Calling himself content and a lazy guy KK says he can never turn a music composer. \"It's too much of a work and I can't take the burden of additional work on me. I'm a lazy guy and I'm happy being just a singer. I have enough stage shows and film songs to keep me more than occupied. Is se zyada kaam mein nahi kar sakta . Besides being a music composer means a lot of tension. Composers ke saath kya hota hai ki they are constantly thinking about tunes, music and instruments etc. I'm not cut out for so much tension. Yaar studio jao, gaana gao aur wapas aa ke chaen se baitho. That's my philosophy. Itna saar kaam karke kya hoga? Dil se kaam karo is my 'funda' . Singing a song well is my life, my junoon .Reality show singers are copy cats:Not in favour of judging any talent hunt shows, KK also says that becoming a playback singer is not so easy for the winners or participants of such shows. \"I don't want to criticize or belittle these youngsters who participate in talent hunt shows. But the fact is that all of them are singing songs of some one else on these shows and are also practicing singing by singing someone else's songs. In this quest they forget their own individual style of singing and voice. What happens then is that in spite of winning a show, they fall flat because it's hard for them to get out of that Sonu Nigam , Kishore Kumar or Lata Mangeshkar mould. When they are given a new song to sing, they end up copying these established singers not creating an individual style of their own. Now who wants to listen to a copy cat when they can listen to the original one. So, what these youngsters must do is create a style of their own. Also these guys are so impatient. Aaj show jeeta, kal singer ban'na chahte hain. Yaar aise thodi hota hai . It took us years to struggle and reach where we are today. And you think the competition isn't tough? It's hell lotta tough. Every day a new singer is being launched. Usme toh apni idnetity banana is even more important . Unless you work hard, have some thing different to offer, you'll get lost in the crowd.Old is gold but new is also wow:Not agreeing to the fact that new songs are not as melodious as the old ones, KK says, \"Do you people even have the kind of time to really listen to the new numbers? The world today is so fast paced that by the time you can like a song, several; other new ones are already there so the song does register in your mind but it is over taken by a new one. Pehle kya tha ki ek gaana hafton tak radio pe sunayi deta tha . People had not much choice, but now there's no dearth of songs. That's why their shelf life is also limited. But they are in no way lacking in melody, singing or lyrics. Take Guzaarish , Tera Hone Laga Hoon or for that matter any song of present times, they are so melodious.Daddy cool:KK's teen aged son Nakul is also following in dad's footsteps but not in singing. \"Nakul is more into composing music. he has his own band and he likes to play the guitar. He 's more into his own kind of music and I don't think he'll venture into mainstream Bollywood. Nor do I have any plans of ushering him in here. He has to chart out his own destiny and career. As for Tamara, my daughter, she has a keen interest in music and also one of my sharpest critics. But she's still too young to think of a career.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14143824", "title": "All Western dances are difficult for me: Jayati Bhatia", "text": "Jayati Bhatia who plays mataji on Colors TV's Sasural Simar Ka is set to put her best foot forward.As Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa season 5 makes its way to the small screen tomorrow, Jayati Bhatia aka mataji from Sasural Simar Ka is ready to shock audiences. From her mataji avatar, Jayati will completely transform herself to look glamorous and different. Says Jayati, \"Audiences are going to love my look. Pehle shayad jhatka lage because mataji is so graceful and aram se chal ti hain aur aram se batein karti hain . But it's necessary to bring out this side. Jayati and mataji are two sides of the same coin. Suddenly I'm going to break out with these jhatkas . And it's important to show the other side of the coin too\".So does dancing come naturally to her? \"Like every Bengali child, I'm a trained Odissi dancer. Meri rag rag mein basa hain . So I'm comfortable with the classical form. Lekin straight dance mein takleef hain . All western dance forms are difficult for me!\" So who is going to pose a threat for Jayati? \"All of them are going to be a challenge! I told my choreographer Diwakar that we are in deep waters as everyone is so good. I am just scared of performing\".But choreographer Diwakar has full faith in his student, \"I will rate Jayati a 10/10 because she gives her 200%. She never refuses any suggestions. Haan, starting mein thodi problem thi as she is a trained classical dancer and western dance is completely different!\" Adds Jayati, \"I enjoy dancing so the only thing I will have to pay attention to is technicalities!\"Only time will tell if Jayati will manage to perfect the western dance forms and impress the judges with her hard work!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14136241", "title": "Now, it\u2019s not just a race for the President\u2019s post", "text": "NEW DELHI: The likely elevation of finance minister Pranab Mukherjee as president is sure to trigger changes in the Manmohan Singh government with several contenders for the hot seat in North Block, while there could be a vacancy in Rail Bhavan too if Trinamool walks out of the government in protest.The choice will be crucial for the Congress as the government scrambles to get the economy up and running before the national election due in 2014 and Mukherjee's replacement has a key role to play in reviving the party's political fortunes.The Congress leadership will also be required to select a Leader of House in Lok Sabha in case Mukherjee indeed gets the nod.Home minister P Chidambaram, deputy chief of Planning Commission Montek Singh Ahluwalia and C Rangarajan, who heads the PM's economic advisory council, are contenders.Choices can diversify after the presidential elections on July 19.Congress circles feel Chidambaram would be in sync with the PM's economic thinking, but controversies involving the home minister with regard to allegations leveled by Janata Party leader Subramanian Swamy in the 2G and Aircel-Maxis deal can be a dampener for the home minister.A professional like Rangarajan could make the cut as he could take the hard-headed pro-investment decisions that are needed and approach corporate-government feuds with a problem-solving mindset.He can get the wheels of the economy turning again, but whether Congress will trust an apolitical person with the crucial ministry in the lead up to LS polls is not clear. Ahluwalia is close to the PM and very much a part of his inner circle, but his acceptability is low in the party. In fact, he was the Prime Minister's first choice for the portfolio but got passed over because of Congress leadership's lack of confidence in him. Ahluwalia's inability to assess the political fallout of controversies like the Rs 32 a day poverty line and the recent hullaballoo over renovation of a toilet block in the Planning Commission for Rs 35 lakh have only strengthened party's doubts.A reshuffle will also touch the railway ministry as a consequence of Trinamool's exit from UPA and this could give Congress an opportunity to gain control of a crucial portfolio that has been languishing since 2004.First, RJD chief Lalu Prasad Yadav presided over railways, and later Mamata Banerjee adopted an ultra-populist approach.Her current nominee Mukul Roy has not displayed the interest or any talent for the job. In the meanwhile, railways has suffered financially while there are serious safety concerns over its operations.The prospects of ministers like Sibal and Sharma are seen to be less promising for the finance berth while Nath is seen as a politician with a sharp instinct. The changes can be less fruitful if portfolios have to be allotted to new partners like Samajwadi Party who till now has been an outside supporter. This might mean fresh compromises over the composition of the Mamohan ministry, although Congress will hope that no ally is as demanding as Mamata has been.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14135362", "title": "Asian Games woman gold medallist accused of rape", "text": "KOLKATA: Asian Games gold medallist Pinki Pramanik was arrested on Thursday after the athlete's live-in girlfriend claimed Pinki was male and habitually raped and assaulted her. Pinki had won gold in the women's 4x400 metres relay in 2006 at Doha, Qatar, but retired two years ago after a car crash.Police have moved Barasat district court to seek a medical examination to determine Pinki's gender after an external examination at a private clinic revealed that the athlete had both male as well as female reproductive organs.Biddhannagar police commissioner Rajeev Kumar said the case (which has charges of rape, assault and impersonation) depends entirely on the medical verdict.Pinki, however, managed to stave off the examination. \"I have undergone numerous tests during my career as an athlete. Why should I agree to more ridiculous tests?\" Pinki told reporters outside the court, alleging that the complainant was levelling false charges because of a debt of Rs 3 lakh.The police believe they have conclusive evidence which they will produce before the court on Friday to force a medical examination. \"We will again make a prayer for medical tests with video evidence provided by the complainant,\" said Kumar.If the tests prove that Pinki is male and if the charge of rape is proved, the former athlete may face life imprisonment and lose all the medals since they would be deemed as \"unfairly won on the track\".Pinki won gold at the 2005 Asian Indoor Games in 4x400 metre relay and silver at the Melbourne Commonwealth Games in 2006. Pinki also boasts of the unique feat of triple gold medals at the 2006 South Asian Games in the 400 metre and 800 metre events, as well as the relay.Incidentally, around the same time that Pinki was forced out of the race track by the injury, the world of women's athletics was rocked by a gender dispute over South African middle-distance runner Caster Semenya, the 800-metre gold medallist at the 2009 World Athletic Championship in Berlin. Semenya has since been cleared and has returned to the race track.After retirement, Pinki - who hails from Bagmundi in Purulia - bought a two-storied house in a congested neighborhood in Baguiati's Bidishapally in 2009 and settled down. The retired athlete allegedly developed a relationship with the 32-year-old wife of a next-door neighbour, leading to the couple's separation in 2010. While the father and child moved out of the rented house, the woman moved into Pinki's.Though it was odd for two women to live together in the middle-class locality, no one interfered. But neighbours say Pinki was violent and the live-in partner was once seen running out of the house with a clump of hair torn off her scalp. Police are yet to verify any of the allegations.On Wednesday, the woman rushed into Baguiati police station around 9pm and stunned the cops with her accusations. \"Pinki Pramanik is not a woman but a man. I have had physical relations with the former athlete for three years. Pinki habitually assaults me and forces me to have sex,\" she told police.When Pinki was summoned to the police station, she said she was feeling unwell and was taken to a nursing home, where police sought advice from the doctors on the patient's gender. Two doctors did a physical examination and concluded that Pinki showed both male and female traits. \"It is an extremely rare case. In all probability, both the reproductive systems are incomplete,\" said one of the doctors.Subrata Mukherjee, the administrative officer of the nursing home, said they marked Pinki's gender as 'male' on the discharge certificate because the medical team \"found so\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14138031", "title": "Carnival city gets ready for Rio+20", "text": "\"What do you feel about the UN Earth Summit returning to Rio after 20 years,\" I ask of a 20-something Brazilian seated next to me on the flight to Rio. He was helping me fill the landing form that was in Portugese. \"It will be holiday time for many of us in Rio,\" he grins, as most offices and educational establishments would simply shut down during the summit days as the streets would overflow with demonstrators, protestors and of course, more traffic. \"And what do you think world leaders will discuss here,\" I ask. Would it interest him? \"I guess it will be about energy and renewables and all that. In Brazil we have plenty of hydro power, and renewables too, mainly ethanol, so we don't really have to worry.\" He was going home after a holiday with friends in London and looking forward to a few more days off during the Rio+20 summit to be held June 20-22.Across the street from the hotel where I checked in, I could see a moving river of protestors shouting slogans into megaphones while others held up posters and waved banners: \"Give us better salaries and working conditions! Shame on Brazil's education system! Government, do something!\" They were poorly paid teachers, seeking the attention of huge numbers of media persons and policymakers converging here for the Rio+20 Conference. What better way to draw attention than to embarrass the Dilma Rousseff government (she is Brazil's first woman president) before its international guests? More than 50,000 Rio+20 participants are expected to reach here in the next few days, making it the biggest UN conference ever.In the morning, walking in Rio's Lapa district, I came across an exhibition titled 'Terra Vista' of beautiful photographs that told the story of environment from around the world. The blow ups were displayed in two rows on either side of the path leading up to the Theatro Municipol building. And on the other side, the exhibition faced Bapu's statue in the Mahatma Gandhi Plaza and the road named after him. Walking past the telling images and captions, at last I found what I was looking for - something from India! It was a photograph of field cultivation near Jodhpur Rajasthan, a woman in bright coloured clothes wielding a sickle. The caption says despite producing a large amount of cereal, India is yet to address its distribution problems as well as those of water conservation and irrigation. Other photos include the Perito Morino glacier in Argentina that is receding, melting ice caps in Greenland , plastic rubbish in open dumps in the Dominican Republic and Flamingos converging on Lake Naruku in Kenya . Scores of visitors saunter between the images on a bright Thursday morning on their way to work, taking in the visual and text. It sets the mood for the upcoming conference that will discuss all these issues and more.\"There is a real spirit of compromise and determination among delegations to produce a document that can be endorsed by Heads of State and Government,\" said Sha Zukang , Rio+20 Secretary-General. \"Rio+20 will provide the inspiration and the guidance to accelerate progress on the sustainability agenda.\"It is also the first major UN conference where there are more civil society representatives attending from developing countries than from the developed world.The UN Framework Convention for Climate Change has declared that Rio+20 is expected to produce three types of outcomes: a negotiated document that will promote international cooperation and action on sustainable development; the recommendations of civil society during four Dialogue Days (June 16-19); and the announcement or launch of many major initiatives and commitments that will advance results on the ground.A UN spokesperson said: \"At the heart of the political document is a call for a renewed political commitment to sustainable development, and proposals for how the green economy could help achieve sustainable development and poverty eradication, as well as the institutions needed to promote and support sustainable development at the global level. In the negotiations, there has been widespread support for a process to determine a set of sustainable development goals. The goals may be similar in fashion to the Millennium Development Goals -- agreed to in 2000 with targets set for 2015 related to eradicating extreme poverty and hunger and improving global health -- but possibly with a broader reach for all countries.\"Post Script: By The WayFossil of the Day AwardYouth from around the world, working with climate change organizers from international NGO alliances like CAN and TckTckTck, have come together to deliver the \"Fossil of the Day Award - Rio\" to the country at Rio+20 most responsible for blocking progress towards a strong agreement. The award will be presented to the nation seen as doing the least to further, or the most to block, issues related to climate change at Rio+20.The Fossil of the Day Award is a long standing tradition from the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) which has highlighted those nations most blocking progress. It is presented in a creative, highly visible and theatrical manner by youth delegates from around the globe. The NGO alliances behind the Fossil are Climate Action Network (http://www.climatenetwork.org/) and the global TckTckTck campaign (www.tcktcktck.org)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14151372", "title": "Punar Vivah: Aarti\u2019s plan to please Palak", "text": "Aarti (Kratika Sengar) is trying everything possible to make her marriage work in Shashi-Sumeet Mittal's Punar Vivah on Zee TV.She has been trying hard to make a place in Palak and Payal's heart (Yash's kids) but all her attempts have been in vain. Now, in order to make Palak happy, Aarti will wear Arpita's (Shweta Munshi) clothes but things back fire for Aarti.When Yash ( Gurmeet Choudhary) sees her, he will be very angry and will scream at Aarti. The reason behind Aarti's intention is to live up to the promise she made to Palak: to bring her mother back on her birthday! Keeping her promise, she decides to dress up as Arpita on Palak's birthday. But Yash who is re-married to Aarti is yet to recover from Aarpita's death. Her memories continue to haunt him so his anger at Aarti is justified. And this will leave Aarti disheartened. When contacted, Kratika said, \"Yes, Aarti will try to make kids happy and she will dress up as Arpita but we are still working on the story so I can't comment as to what will be the consequences.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14143922", "title": "Absconding suspect doesn't own property: Police", "text": "PUNE: The Yerawada police on Thursday filed a report before the district and sessions court in the rape and murder case of software engineer Nayana Pujari saying that absconding suspect Yogesh Raut does not own any property.Raut, one of the main suspects, had escaped from police custody from the Sassoon general hospital on September 17, 2011.A non-bailable warrant was issued to arrest him, but it could not be executed since his whereabouts were not known.On a plea filed by the prosecution, the court had declared him a proclaimed offender and had ordered the police to attach his property under sections 82 and 83 of the Criminal Procedure Code.The Yerawada police said they could not attach Raut's property since he does not own any in the first place.Special public prosecutor Harshad Nimbalkar told TOI that Raut does not own any property, although his relatives do. \"I have asked the police to verify whether Raut had entered into any transactions after Pujari's murder,\" he added.Principal district and sessions judge Anant Badar has directed the prosecution to submit a list of witnesses to be examined on June 20. The case will be heard on June 21 and 22.Pujari (28) was kidnapped from outside a software company in Kharadi by four people in a car on October 7, 2009. The next day, her body was recovered from the Zarewadi forest area, about 50 km from Pune.The crime branch, Pune, had arrested Rajesh Chaudhary, Mahesh Thakur, Yogesh Raut and Vishwas Kadam in the case. Chaudhary had later turned approver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14141715", "title": "Kids hit hard by little exposure to sunlight", "text": "MUMBAI: Kids and young adults in the city are not getting enough exposure to sunlight, resulting in high levels of Vitamin D deficiency, according to a recent study.The study by PD Hinduja Hospital found that Mumbaikars are shunning even half an hour of exposure to the sun in a day, considered ideal worldwide . Vitamin D is secreted in the body when the skin is sufficiently exposed to sunlight.Dr Vipla Puri, consultant (radioimmunoassay ), at the hospital's department of lab-medicine said, \"The decline in Vitamin D levels indicates that kids have sedentary lifestyles \u2014 watching television, playing indoor games or using computers.\" She said most children and young adults in the study belonged to the higher socio-economic strata. \"Vitamin D deficiency has reached alarming proportions and parents must take steps to alter their kids' lifestyle if they want to protect them from serious diseases,\" said Puri.Pediatrician Dr Deepak Urga, who consults with Lilavati Hospital, termed Vitamin D deficiency in children as an \"alarming problem\". \"Children are increasingly getting used to a life without natural light,\" he said. Blaming food habits, Ugra said the kind of food children in metros prefer are not rich sources of Vitamin D. \"It gets tougher for vegetarians as Vitamin D sources are sparse,\" he said.Studies show it affects the immune system in children. \"Vitamin D deficiency causes allergies and respiratory infections in children,\" said Ugra. He added most vitamin supplements also fail to provide the quota of anything between 200-1000 IU/ day (international unit ).Physician Dr Pratik Samdani alsoblamed pollution. \"Factorslike latitude, atmospheric pollution, duration and time of exposure to sunlight is also important for the skin to absorb and use it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "14141297", "title": "Arrest of Taiwanese may spell more trouble for Tibetan Karmapa Ogyen Trinley Dorje", "text": "SHIMLA: The arrest of eight Taiwanese from a Himachal Pradesh monastery on Tuesday may spell fresh trouble for Tibetan spiritual leader, Karmapa Ogyen Trinley Dorje, recently cleared by a court in a case involving unaccounted Rs 6.5 crore in foreign currencies.Sources in the Union ministry of home affairs said it is keeping a close eye on the monastery in Chauntra town in Mandi district, and its 31-year-old owner Bo Gangkar Rinpoche, alias Karma Lobsang Bhutia, who was born in Sikkim and is a close confidant of the Karmapa.Tibetan writer and activist Tenzin Tsundu, said, \"For the police to mistake Taiwanese for Chinese is too simplistic a reason to launch a spy-hunt. I think the target is Gangkar Rinpoche, a staunch follower of the Karmapa. This whole thing reeks of a conspiracy.\" The MHA wrote to the Himachal government last month asking it to act against Bo for illegal construction at the Chauntra monastery. According to government sources, the place was raided on MHA's directive.Sources said the MHA is suspicious of Bo and Tai Situ Rinpoche, the mentor of the Karmapa, and considers them pro-Chinese. They said the Karmapa's association with Bo and Tai, could land him in trouble.\"There is no material to suggest that the monastery was constructed under any trust or organisation. There is also a possibility of the centre being gifted to Ogyen Trinley Dorje at a later stage,\" states the letter to HP government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14140110", "title": "7/11 blasts case accused seeks encounter probe", "text": "MUMBAI: An accused in the 7/11 blasts case has approached the Bombay high court, seeking direction for a judicial inquiry into a 2006 encounter at Antop Hill in which police claimed to have killed a Pakistani national.A division bench of Justices Sharad Bobde and Mridula Bhatkare was hearing a public interest litigation filed through jail by Ehtesham Siddiqui, claiming he saw Mohammed Ali at the Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) lock-up at Kalachowkie police station a day before the encounter. Ali was killed in an alleged encounter in a vacant flat at the central government quarters at Sector 7 on August 22, 2006.In his petition, Siddiqui stated that during that time he was also interrogated by D G Vanzara, former director-general of police and the Gujarat ATS chief, who is also facing allegations in the case of the controversial encounter of Sohrabuddin Sheikh . Vanzara is in Ahmedabad jail in connection with the Sohrabuddin case. The petition urged a judicial inquiry into the alleged fake encounter of Ali and action against Vanzara and other ATS officers involved in it.The judges asked if Siddiqui knew Ali personally. Siddiqui's advocate Naima Shaikh replied, \"No. I had seen both Ali and Vanzara around the same time at the lock-up.''The judges asked why Siddiqui has moved court after over five years. \"Why did you delay coming to court? It is one thing to seek justice. But you cannot whenever you want to,\" said Justice Bobde. Shaikh replied that Siddiqui realized something was amiss only in 2007 when he read newspapers about allegations of the fake encounter against Vanzara along with his photograph. She said he thereafter began filing right to information (RTI) applications to get details about the encounter and other evidence, including medical reports, FIR, case papers and call details of Vanzara.Shaikh also said aspersions are cast on the encounter due to the high content of alcohol found in the blood analysis report of Ali. The judges said they first would like to ascertain the reasons for the delay. They adjourned the matter to June 28, so that Siddiqui can produce the RTI applications filed at the earliest point of time to take collect evidence to the encounter to show that there is no deliberate delay on his part even after the realization of the fake encounter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14147530", "title": "Kochi Corporation canteen gets a new look", "text": "KOCHI: From now on canteens run by Kochi Corporation will have a new look. The civic body has modernised eateries functioning on its premises and has branded these as Kochi Kudumbasree Cafe. As the initial step, the canteen at main office of the Corporation was renovated and opened for public on Thursday.The civic body has redesigned the interiors and has brought in designer cutleries with the logo of Kudumbadree cafe. The project which was announced in the budget was executed with the support of the Kerala Sustainable Urban Development Programme (KSUDP).The Corporation informed that three more canteens would be renovated and would be opened for public in a months' time. This includes offices at Fort Kochi and the zonal offices of the civic body at Vyttila and Edapally. The civic body has allocated an amount of Rs 8.90 lakh for developing basic facilities and an amount of Rs 10 lakh has been provided through KSUDP's Poverty Social Fund.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14145133", "title": "Technical snags mar GCET exam", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Technical snags marred the first day of Gujarat Common Entrance Test (GCET) on Thursday for admission to MBA and MCA colleges. Most of the students faced trouble in opening the examination paper and the exam commenced late by one to four hours at different centres.Parents especially were harried a lot as their wards did not come out of the examination halls even after four hours. \"My son had gone to write the exam at 9 am and he did not return till 1 pm. I had no idea what was going inside,\" parent of a GCET candidate said.Though snags created hurdle at almost every centre, major snags were reported at three centres including Indus College of Engineering. Students said that they were made to wait while the supervisors struggled to open the exam papers.\"The staffers were new and did not seem familiar with the software at all. It was very frustrating to sit there waiting for the paper to open,\" said a student.The online exam is being conducted by Gujarat Technological University (GTU) in association with National Stock Exchange (NSE).The GCET for admission to MBA and MCA colleges will be held in two phases - June 14-16, and June 18-20. There are 132 MBA colleges in the state with 13,185 seats. On the other hand, there are 82 MCA colleges with 6,670 seats.There are 13,623 students who have applied for admission to MBA, while 7,677 students have applied for MCA. The number of students who have applied for appearing in GCET for both MBA and MCA courses is 1,733. Officials said that the total number of students who will appear for GCET is 22,868.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14126671", "title": "Homesick Sunny Leone heads straight to LA", "text": "Jism 2 is complete and the actress left for her home in Los Angeles on the same day.Sunny Leone has competed shooting for her first Bollywood film Jism 2 and the actress couldn't wait to leave India on the same day.After shooting for almost 90 days in various places like Jaipur, Goa and Sri Lanka , actress Sunny Leone left for her home city Los Angeles on Monday itself. According to a unit hand the actress was feeling homesick and decided to leave for home and meet her family there.\"I've finally landed back in Los Angeles. It's been almost 90 days since I've been home. My heart is aching and so happy all at once,\" said the actress who is in LA right now. The actress will be back in few months for the promotions of Jism 2 as it is releasing on August 3.After that Sunny will begin shoot of her second film, the sequel of Ragini MMS by this year end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14143951", "title": "Beware of mosquitoes, dengue is here again", "text": "BANGALORE: Dengue cases are on the rise, but don't panic. Just get rid of the mosquitoes.Five deaths and over 100 positive cases have been reported across the state since January this year, said Dr A B Chowdhry, joint director, malaria and filaria, health and family welfare department. The deaths have been reported from Raichur and Kolar districts.Bangalore has so far not reported single death due to dengue, but there are 34 positive cases, as per the recent report of National Institute of Virology, said a senior BBMP health officer. In the last 14 days, 13 positive cases have been reported in the city. Ten cases were reported in May.\"BBMP staff are visiting the houses of these 34 positive patients and helping the patients' relatives to keep the surroundings clean to prevent the spreading of the disease,\" BBMP officials said.Dr B Ramana Rao, senior physician and cardiologist, attributed the increase in dengue cases to irregular rains and unhygenic surroundings, which increase mosquito breeding. \"It is very important to keep the surroundings clean. One must not store water in open spaces, because dengue mosquitoes breed only in fresh water stored in open space. One must use all the protection against mosquitoes.\"Said Dr Adarsh Someshekhar, head paediatrician, Nationwide Primary Healthcare Services Pvt. Ltd.: \"Dengue is a simple infection, which spreads very fast as a viral fever. There is no medication for it. It can be cured in 7-10 days, but if the body starts losing platelets during the fever, it can lead to bleeding from different body parts. This blood loss can be dangerous and can lead to death of a person.\"Shortage of plateletsThough across the globe, Thursday was observed as Blood Donation Day, Bangalore's blood banks are reporting inadequate stock of blood. With the rise in dengue cases, the demand for platelet (a blood component) has also been increasing, but the blood banks say blood donation has been nil.\"One of the reasons for this is colleges are the hotspots for blood donation as educational institutions often organize blood donation camps. Some of the colleges have been shut for more than two months and in June, colleges are yet to reopen and so blood donation has been affected,\" said Rajat Agarwal, founder of Sankalp India foundation, a 24/7 blood bank that networks with prominent hospitals and all blood banks across the state.Till June 7, 2012, the total stock of various blood groups in Bangalore was 58% of the required stock. \"We have not hit the panic button yet. But we have observed that lesser blood donations are happening. We appeal to eligible youngsters to donate platelets,\" said Agarwal.Water shortage and dengueDengue fever is spread by the bite of a mosquito called Aedes Aegypti which breeds in fresh water and symptoms are similar to that of viral fever. Due to water shortage, people store water in large containers, but this can lead to breeding of the mosquito, say doctors.Who can be platelet donors?Any person who is healthy with 60-65 kg of weight and above 18-60 years is eligible for platelet donation. A person can donate 50 times a year and 5 times in a month, without any ill-effects on his health. In Single Donor Platelet (SDP), the blood is taken from the donor and only the platelets are separated from the rest of the blood, which is pumped back into the donor. In SDP, blood group of the donors has to be the same as the recipient, whereas in the conventional method, platelets are drawn from any blood sample. After three days of SDP, the donor will rejuvenate himself with equal number of platelets. Blood donation can also be done after three days.Apart from dengue-affected patients, cancer patients too require platelet donation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14148152", "title": "Mantri Developers plans Rs 2,000 cr expansion, to foray into commercial real estate", "text": "BANGALORE: Sushil Mantri led Mantri Developers is putting in place an aggressive expansion plan over the next five years, which would see the company invest around Rs 2,000 crore.At the recently concluded Global Investors Meet in the city, Mantri Developers committed for the investments of Rs 1,750 crore across sectors, which includes residential, hospitality, and retail. A part of this investment would be channelled in to commercial developments, mainly in IT spaces, marking the company's foray into the city's office space market. In an addition to it, the company also has plans of building a Theme Park.\"We had acquired an 80 acre land parcel in Outer Ring Road earlier and now have plans of doing a mixed use development on it. We expect to start work on the project in the next one year after getting all the approvals in place,\" said Sushil Mantri, Chairman, Mantri Developers.As part of this mixed-use development a 200-key luxury hotel at an investment of Rs 250 crore has been earmarked. \"The Theme Park will be part of this mixed use development,\" added Mantri, who didn't wish to divulge further details.Bangalore's real estate market hasn't seen many big-ticket investments in the last two to three years as developers have been concentrating more on finishing projects rather than launching new ones.\"The real estate market is improving and it's the right time to invest in new projects. Though we have launched a couple of residential projects in the last two years, are focus has been on completing previously launched projects,\" said Mantri.As of date the company has built over 6,000 homes and has over one crore square feet of development under various stages of construction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14146841", "title": "Robbers break into bungalow, flee with cash and jewellery", "text": "VADODARA: A short summer vacation to Ujjain proved to be a costly affair for a retired bank manager staying in a sprawling bungalow on the outskirts of Vadodara.A gang of robbers broke into his bungalow in Pratham Vistas in Bhayli and walked away with cash and jewellery worth Rs 5.90 lakh. The gang, it seems, had planned to target more bungalows in the colony.However, some vigilant residents noticed their movements and raised alarm. A woman even fought with some of the robbers who had entered her bungalow. The gang then fled from the spot.According to the police, the robbers broke into the bungalow of Padmakar Hardikar. They stole Rs 40,000 cash, 600 dollars, 165 pounds, gold jewellery and a camera. Hardikar and his family had left for Ujjain on June 12 and returned on Thursday. They noticed that the main door of their bungalow was open and clothes were lying on the floor.Police said that after targeting Hardikar's bungalow they entered Sayli Patel's bungalow nearby. Patel woke up after hearing some movements and saw a robber right in front of her in the bedroom.She tried to raise alarm but one of the robber's accomplices attacked her with a stick. Patil fought back and managed to snatch stick from him and attack him. She then raised alarm following which the gang fled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14148208", "title": "Visualise, organise and present!", "text": "Event management simply means managing any event successfully. With the rise in social/ professional gathering of events like fashion shows, cultural programmes, charity show, brand launch, conferences, musical concerts, birth day parties, wedding celebrations, theme parties or an exhibition has created greater scope for individuals specialising in event management. Event planners also arrange youth camps for children or a trekking tour for youth or executives. An interesting area in event management is organising parties and disco nights. The concept is gaining momentum because of the present day demand for socialising.It is a glamourous and exciting profession, but also demands a lot of hard work and dynamism. As the name suggests, it means conceptualising, planning, organising and finally executing an event. The work involves visualisation, creativity, meticulous planning and venue management. Right from the colour scheme at the venue to the food and drinks to the amusements and contests lined up for the event, an event manager is supposed to take care of all. Identifying vendors, sound technicians, set designers, florists to minimising costs, all these technical issues also need to be handled. So the demand for individuals is on the rise. You may have to work under the scorching sun throughout the day or even stay away from your family for several months. There are no fixed working hours in this field. One must be ready to work/ travel 24x7. Immense work pressure, long hours of work quite often outside regular business hours, is all part and parcel of achieving a rewarding outcome in this field.QualificationsIn terms of educational qualifications various certificate/ diploma/ degree/ postgraduate (degree/ diploma) in event management are available. Students possessing degree/ postgraduation in advertising or public relations or business administration are also preferred; as event management is an integral part of the services offered by many agencies. There are institutes which offer part time or weekend courses. Anyone who is good in planning, organising, visualising can opt for event management profession. Formal qualification would be an additional benefit to climb success ladder in the present competitive market scenario.Personality traits and skills requiredAbility to negotiate agreements; ability to work under pressure; challenges of meeting deadlines; excellent communication skills; excellent teamwork; eye for detail; high motivational levels; networking skills; organisational skills; patience innovation; leadership skillsJob prospectsFestival and event associations (awards functions/ birthday parties/ charity shows/ wedding/ exhibitions/ product launches/ road shows and so on); convention canters; self- employed; tourism industry; trade and professional associations; conference and event planning companies; hospitality industry; educational institutions; municipal parks and recreation departments; event management companies have vacancies for various profiles, including marketing, 3-D designing, production, public relations, promotions, brand development, printing, exhibitions, telemarketing, administration, etc.To make an event successful, one needs to have an in-depth understanding of the product or brand for which the event is being organised, and then plan accordingly. The execution of the event is a process of projecting a small idea in a whole new way. The presentation is what matters, to make the look and feel of the event a wonderful experience for the audience. There is a lot of logistics involved in managing of any event. It boils down to the management and co-ordination of services and supplies. During event planning, one needs to consider all the technical details like - projection of lights, sound effects and other special effects to make the event a spectacle. If you are interested in event management profession then one can begin his/ her career while in college as promotion coordinators.(The author is a career counsellor)Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14144110", "title": "Sadashiva panel favours internal quota suggests reclassification of SC/STs into 4 groups", "text": "BANGALORE: AJ Sadashiva Commission of Inquiry has favoured providing internal reservation (reclassification of 15% reservation amongst the sub-sects) broadly classifying the 101 sub-sects of SC/STs in the state into four groups. This is to ensure that the benefits of welfare schemes reach all the needy.In its 200-page report submitted to chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda on Thursday, the commission, set up to review distribution of reservation benefits among various SC/ST groups, has found the benefits of reservation and of welfare schemes in Karnataka were reaching only a few groups among the SCs and STs, and several other sub-sects were the worst affected as a result.But the rider here is that the Karnataka government has little role to play in creating the internal reservation. Quoting a recent court verdict, Justice Sadashiva said \" Presently, the reservation benefits meant for SC/STs are being cornered by a section of powerful sub-sects belonging to the right wing. As a constitutional amendment is required to Article 341, only Parliament is empowered to do so,'' he added.Keeping this in view, he said the commission in its report recommendsed that state government should insist Parliament make amendments to bring out the changes at the earliest.As per the commission's recommendations, the 101 sub-sects of SC/STs in Karnataka should be broadly divided into four categories -- left wing (who identify with former dy PM Babu Jagjivanram), right wing (with BR Ambedkar and Buddhism), other SCs and touchables. Of the 15 % reservation extended to SC/STs, the commission recommends 6% reservation for the left wing, 5% for right, 1% for other SCs and 3% for touchables.Justice Sadashiva said these recommendations were made following a feedback from 96 lakh SC/STs in the state. The commission had undertaken a major exercise conducting door-to-door survey of 101 categories of SCs, to determine their backwardness. For this, a comprehensive 195-question format was prepared, which took almost a year. The queries pertained to educational, cultural and economic background of families, and also the extent of reservation availed by them.However, the survey brought out one interesting fact. Of the 96 lakh SC/STs, about six lakh people declined to identify their sub-caste. Probably these people are those untouchables who are yet to come out of the age-old social stigma,'' Justice Sadashiva said.After accepting the report, CM Sadananda Gowda said the government will examine and study the report before tabling it in the House.LONGEST-SERVING COMMISSIONAJ Sadashiva Commission of Inquiry will go into the annals of Karnataka history as the longest-serving inquiry commission in Karnataka, and the reason is not because the panel was unable to meet the deadline, but sheer apathy of governments of the day - since Sept, 25,2005 - to provide necessary inputs to get the commission going. Justice Sadashiva said he has dedicated five pages in the report to explain the ordeal. Though the commission was formed in 2005 under the Dharam Singh government, it got down to work in 2010 after former CM B S Yeddyurappa released Rs 11.12 crore.SURVEY FACTS* Of the 96 lakh people identified during the survey, 33.47% belong to left wing, 32% to right wing, 4.5% to other SCs and 23.64 % touchables* There are about 1.58 lakh SC/ST government employees in Karnataka* There are 20.54 lakh SC/ST households in Karnataka* In Karnataka, SC/STs together tip the population scale at 22.7%* About 6 lakh SC/STs refused to identify their sub-castes during survey", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14152525", "title": "Commissioner of Railway Safety blames staff in first report of Hampi Express accident", "text": "BANGALORE: The Commissioner of Railway Safety of South Western Railway division S K Mittal has in his preliminary investigation on the Hampi Express tragedy has blamed the railway staff. However, Mittal told TOI that this indicates the railway staff in general involved in running and operating the train.He said, \"This is the preliminary investigation and the final will be released shortly.\" the enquiries were made from May 24, two days afetr the Hampi Express met with an accident taking toll of 25 lives. The railway officials had kept saying from the beginning, that it was the fault of the drivers who over shot the signal near Penukonda station.Despite repeated protests and hearings from the loco-staff unions, the investigations seemed to have gone against the drivers. Loco-pilot Y Rathnam is 59 year-old and has one year to go for retirement and this is the first big accident to stain his record. G Balaraju, nearly 48 year-old is the assistant loco-pilot who was on duty on this fateful train on May 22. They are both from Guntakal division of South Western Railway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14149335", "title": "Loan restructuring scheme to benefit Surat\u2019s textile units", "text": "SURAT: There is good news for small and medium textile units in the country's biggest man-made fibre (MMF) industry, which are unable to repay bank loans due to their financial weak condition. Central government has approved restructuring of loans on a case-by-case basis of textile industry by sending the proposal to Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on June 4.Industry sources said there are over 450 such cases in Surat and its surrounding area and they will benefit under the loan restructuring scheme of Central government. These units will also be eligible for subsidy and other benefits under the Technology Upgradation Fund (TUF) scheme for modernization and upgradation.In a letter issued by the ministry of textile to the textiles industry associations and federations across the country, including Federation of Indian Art Silk Weaving Industry (FIASWI) on Thursday, the government said an inter-ministerial group of officers under the chairmanship of textile secretary has been set up to meet the industry stakeholders to sort out the issue.Sources said Central government had hired Bank of Baroda Capital Markets to conduct a study a few months ago. The study identified the total fund based credit to the textile industry at Rs 1,55,809 crore and the extent of stress debt at Rs 35,000 crore. Deficit in the servicing debt installment have been forecast for the year 2012, 2013 and 2014. However, the deficit in servicing debts installment coupled with inventory losses have resulted in high stress levels in the textile industry.The study by Bank of Baroda Capital Markets had recommended that debt restructuring package be considered on case-by-case basis with a two year moratorium on principal repayment and working capital be converted into working capital term loan.The study further proposed that RBI consider restructuring cases outside the purview of user classification and such relaxation be extended towards all debt facilities extended to the borrower.Arun Jariwala, chairman, FIASWI, said, \"This is a very positive development for the textile industry. More than 450 units in the city will get direct benefit under the restructuring scheme. The textile entrepreneurs will also get benefits under TUFS, which were stopped earlier.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14150912", "title": "More than 50 people die every year in major steel plants in India", "text": "BANGALORE: Shocking but true. More than 50 people die every year in major steel plants of the country. And quite obviously then, it is found that the Indian steel industry has one of the worst safety performances in the world. This came out in a study conducted by the Centre for Science and Environment (CSE), New Delhi.The existing safety monitoring and coordinating structures such as Directorate General of Factory Advice Service and Labour Institutes (DGFASLI) come under the Union Ministry of Labour. Sadly, the steel industry association called Joint Committee on Safety, Health and Environment in the Steel Industry (JCSSI) and the labour commissioners in the state governments lack expertise or enforcement capacity to regulate safety measures in steel plants. The existing institutional strcutures have completely failed to reduce accident rates in this highly specialised sector.A case in point is the recent tragedy at Visakhapatnam Steel Plant (Vizag Steel), where 16 people died in an accident inside the steel plant. It was waiting to happen, said experts, given the low safety measures in place.The Green Rating Project (GRP) survey has revealed that over 144 people died in the period 2007-2010 in 17 of the 21 steel plants which the survey studied. Poor occupational safety management system was found as a clear area of concern. \"The latest accident at Vizag Steel is symptomatic of the overall safety and health situation in the indian Steel industry,\" said Chandra Bhushan, CSE Deputy Director General and Head of its industry and pollution programme.The study recommended that a specialist regulatory body needs to be put in place to supervise, enforce, train, enhance disclosure and improve the overall safety performance of the sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "14144946", "title": "Widow of 'Maoist' cries foul against Gaya cops", "text": "GAYA: Phuljhari Devi, wife of Awadhesh Manjhi alias Kailu, one of the two alleged Maoists killed last Sunday during an anti-Maoist operation of the police, created ripples when she claimed that her slain husband was innocent.If Devi is to be believed, her husband worked in a Jalandhar (Punjab) confectionary for about 20 years and had come home on June 2. According to the widow, Manjhi was killed by the police who mistook him for a Maoist. Manhji was tending to his cattle when he was killed, claimed the widow. Devi made the claim before the mediapersons on Wednesday evening.When contacted, Sherghati SDPO Mahindra Prasad Basantari said that the woman's claim would be verified during the investigation of the case.Responding to the innocence claim of the slain man's widow, the CRPF DIG, Umesh Kumar, said that one of the arrested Maoists has revealed that the killed man was part of Sandeep's team. Sandeep, it may be recalled is believed to be the mastermind of the entire landmine operation in which two CRPF personnel died and several others were injured.Even if it is true that Manjhi worked in Jalandhar, it does not mean that Manjhi was not a Maoist. Maybe, Manjhi worked for the Maoists during his stay in the village, said the CRPF DIG. The CRPF DIG also decried what he called the tendency to 'believe in the version of the criminals and disbelieve the police'.Accusing the police of killing innocent Mahadalits during their Dumaria operation, former Gaya MP Ramji Manjhi demanded a judicial inquiry into the matter and punishment of police personnel involved in the incident. Manjhi, who represented Gaya parliamentary constituency in the Lok Sabha as a BJP MP, also demanded Rs 5 lakh compensation for the dependents of the two alleged Maoists killed in the Dumaria police station area of the district.This is not for the first time that migrant workers are killed in their home village after being dubbed as Maoists. Mahadalits are invariably the victims of such killings. Earlier, a Mahadalit migrant worker was killed in the Barachatti police station area, alleged Ramji Manjhi. Calling the Mahadalit development programmes of chief minister Nitish Kumar a sham, the former MP alleged that nothing tangible has been done for the Mahadalits.Attempts to contact SC welfare minister Jeetan Ram Manjhi for his stand on the Dumaria killings in which the killed men happened to be Mahadalits proved futile as Manjhi was busy in a meeting with the CM on Thursday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14137661", "title": "Moily to India Inc: Perception can\u2019t undo fundamentals", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hitting back at corporate honchos criticizing the government over the current state of the economy, Union corporate affairs minister Veerappa Moily on Thursday said \"perceptions cannot undo fundamentals\" and Azim Premji and Narayana Murthy should speak with optimism.\"We have come out from 2008 depression... of 2010 depression. In 2011-12, our FDI position is very good, you cannot say it is not good. Perception cannot undo fundamentals,\" Moily said in an interview to a news agency.He was reacting to IT major Wipro chairman Azim Premji's statement that a \"leaderless\" India's image has suffered internationally. Also, Infosys co-founder N R Narayana Murthy has lamented over the current state of affairs of the economy.\"We could face two world economic Tsunamis... this can be managed if positive perceptions come. Like Premji and Narayana Murthy should become the champions of the country,\" he said, adding, \"If what Premji and Narayan Murthy said is correct, how can Mukesh Ambani say that they are confident to have a market cap of Rs 1 trillion crore?\"He added that while it was a fact that many important bills were awaiting Parliamentary approval, the onus was not on the UPA-led government, but on opposition parties not allowing passage of the bills.For this, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh should not be held responsible or touted as an ineffective leader, Moily went on to say.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "14150975", "title": "LPU scientists develop anti cancer formulation", "text": "JALANDHAR: Scientists at Lovely Professional University have developed formulation to overcome side-effects associated with Cancer Treatment. School of Pharmaceutical Sciences of Lovely Professional University has got published patent in 140 countries for the development of Targeted Release Microsphere of 5-FU (5-fluorouracil).According to researchers new technology is useful in overcoming the side effects of the drugs used in treatment of deadly colon cancer. LPU Dean, Faculty of Applied Medical Sciences, Dr Monica Gulati said that she and her team developed the formulation at the research facilities of the university.Explaining about the working of the drug she said that side effects of colon cancer treatment depend on the type of treatment and might be different for each person. \"In general, anticancer drugs affect cells that divide rapidly, especially, Blood cells, Cells in hair roots &amp; Cells that line the digestive tract. When drugs affect these cells, patients are more likely to get infections, bruise, hair loss, poor appetite, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, mouth &amp; lip sores or feel very weak and tired. Almost similar effects can be during Radiation and Biological therapy,\" she said.\"However, many of these side effects of colon cancer chemotherapy can be controlled with drugs and her department strived to invent the remedy. LPU chancellor Ashok Mittal said that realizing the potential of the invention, an MOU had been signed between LPU and a pharmaceutical company Rhydburg. \"\"The research facilities at the University are being extended to aim at the world class innovations &amp; research in the university,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12161030", "title": "Payal Singhal presents summer brides", "text": "Designer Payal Singhal presented her interpretation of the Summer Bride at the ongoing Lakme Fashion Week.Inspired by the essence of an Indian summer wedding and Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream the Payal Singhal Resort Bridal 2012 collection was a melange of ethereal resort and Indian bridal clothing. Tanisha, who was the showstopper, looked resplendant in a navy and gold lehenga.Kajol was present on the front row to cheer for her. The collection showcases dresses, gowns, lehengas, saris and kurtas in colours of blush, mint and sand with richer Indian colours like indigo, purple, emerald and turmeric.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14141099", "title": "\u2018Polytechnic scheme based on panel advice\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The minorities department has bought over one shift in government polytechnics and ITIs and reserved 70% of the seats for six minority communities. The department has for some time now ventured into education by providing scholarships. But this move means its interventions are no longer as passive.The proposal to run a second shift came with the noble idea of utilizing the existing infrastructure fully. So, a polytechnic institute or an ITI could provide courses in morning and evening shifts with the same infrastructure, but with additional faculty. But the state government decided to do its own unique calculations.\"We have started this scheme as per the directions of the Sachar committee report, which states that minority youth need to be brought into mainstream education. The funds for this scheme are offered by my department,\" said minorities minister Naseem Khan. The Sachar committee, which looked at the social, economic and education status of Muslims in India, recommended that skill development initiatives of ITIs and polytechnics should focus on sectors that have high growth potential and in which the Muslim population is concentrated. \"These training initiatives should also focus on areas where the minority population is concentrated,\" the committee noted.But the minorities department felt there was need for more. So, when it received funds to start a new minority institution, it decided not only to set up fresh infrastructure, but also take over a shift in the existing colleges. The state's higher and technical education department had sought permission for running a second shift two years ago, but then there weren't enough teachers and staff to start the afternoon batch.\"Now, we have appointed people for running the second shift. As the minorities department is taking in 70% students, they are footing the bill for the recurring day-to-day expenses,\" said S K Mahajan, head of the directorate of technical education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "14141558", "title": "MNS activists keep up heat on toll booths", "text": "THANE: MNS leader Shishir Shinde on Thursday led his partymen to a toll booth at Eastern Express Highway in Mulund for a violent demonstration.Shinde and his supporters are said to have been involved in ransacking toll booths over the last few days in the wake of party chief Raj Thackeray's recent announcement that toll collections posts lacked transparency and citizens were made to pay toll despite recovering funds spent on the concerned infrastructure project.Thackeray's warning to the private toll collection agents has touched a chord among the citizens here as Thane district has 16 toll collection posts, the highest in the state. Vehicle owners have been paying the toll since 1999 and at present have to shell out close to Rs 100 for to and from trip to Mumbai or Navi Mumbai.However, a cross-section of Thaneites, say that the MNS agitation is \"misdirected''. The common feeling is that if Thackeray is sincere about his intentions to ensure transparency at toll collections, he should take up the issue in the state legislature, Mantralaya or courts.\"If one has to contest the decisions, he has raise a debate in the floor of the legislature or challenge it in the courts. How will it change the situation by ransacking toll booths or beating up the staff?\" said Vrushali Shinde, a resident of Shivai Nagar in Thane (W).One section of the locals here said that they were not against payment of toll as long as the authorities ensured improved infrastructure and seamless transportation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14138064", "title": "IIT faculty body urges PM to repeal CET plan", "text": "NEW DELHI: The IIT faculty federation, opposed to the proposed common entrance for admission in IITs and other centrally-funded technical institutes, met senior PMO officials and sought a roll back of the decision on Thursday. The federation is expected to meet Prime Minister Manmohan Singh rescind on Friday.\"We are encouraged with the meeting and are hopeful of a positive outcome,\" A K Mittal, secretary of All India IIT Faculty Federation (AIIITFF), said after meeting PM's advisor T K A Nair.Sources said that the meeting assumes significance in the wake of HRD minister Kapil Sibal virtually ruling out going back on the Centre's new proposal.AIIITFF had written to the PM on May 31 saying that \"Each IIT is an individual and independent academic entity and should reserve its right to follow its own norms with regards to admissions and other academic matter\".Sibal, who is currently on a visit to the US, has said that the government has no intent to impinge on the IITs' autonomy.The government had on May 28 announced that from 2013, aspiring candidates for IITs and other central institutes like NITs and IIITs will have to sit under a new format of common entrance test, which will also take the plus-two board results into consideration.Sibal had claimed that it was approved without dissent at a Council consisting of the IITs, the IIITs and the NITs. Delhi IIT alumni association said that Sibal had ``misrepresented facts'' over IIT-Kanpur's dissent over the Council's decision of adopting the new test format.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14149220", "title": "Mystery shrouds death of jail inmate", "text": "VARANASI: An ailing prisoner at Jaunpur district jail died under mysterious circumstances on Thursday. His relatives accused the jail authorities of showing utter negligence in his treatment and demanded fair probe into the matter.The jail authorities denied the charges of negligence. Mrityunjay Rai (40), a constable posted in Allahabad district and six other policemen were awarded punishment recently by the local court in a custodial death case which took place about 10 years back during his posting in Jaunpur. He was sent to Jaunpur district jail on April 16.\"He took ill on June 4 and admitted to the jail hospital. On Thursday, when his condition deteriorated, Rai was taken to the district hospital between 3.30 and 4am. The doctors at the Jaunpur district hospital referred him to Banaras Hindu University (BHU) hospital where he was declared brought dead,\" said his relative Saheb Rai, retired deputy superintendent of police.He alleged that it was a case of utter negligence at the jail hospital where he was not provided proper medical care nor referred to the district hospital for treatment. \"It is a case of mysterious death and we want an impartial investigation,\" said Rai, adding that they would also take up the matter with the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC). tnnThe body was sent for postmortem examination. However, the jailer of Jaunpur district jail Madan Mohan Pandey denied negligence on the part of jail administration. \"He was admitted to the jail hospital on June 7 for treatment as he was suffering from typhoid. We provided the best medical care to him but when his condition deteriorated, he was referred to district hospital,\" the jailer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14127413", "title": "Special Father\u2019s Day recipes", "text": "Bond with your father this weekend as we share some simple recipes that you can cook over the barbequeThere is no better way for one to bond with dad than barbequing. With many Indians taking to outdoor grilling and barbequing, this western activity has fast become a family bonding session here as well. This Father's Day , we give you some recipes that you can cook along with your dad. From the simple grilled corn on the cob and potato to some fiery meat and sausages, take your pick and make a special day with your father by your side.Paneer and grilled veggies Ingredients: Paneer Capsicum Onion Tomatoes Olive Oil Mint chutney SkewersMethod: Cut the veggies and paneer into horizontal cubes and place them alternately on a skewer. Brush them with mint chutney and olive oil and place the skewer atop the grill. Allow this to grill for five minutes and serve fresh with the mint chutney.Sausages, Indian style Ingredients: Vienna sausages Red chilli chutney Tamarind and jaggery sauce Olive oilMethod: Place the sausages atop the grill, brushing it with olive oil. When they are half done, take them off the grill, slice them into half and add the chutney and sauce. Allow them to grill again and serve it fresh with more chutney and sauce.Simple garlic dip Ingredients: Yoghurt Salt Sugar Oregano GarlicMethod: Strain the fresh yoghurt in a muslin cloth. Add finely-chopped garlic, salt, sugar and oregano. Mix it till it becomes a fine paste and cool it. Serve it along with freshly grilled vegetables or meat or just enjoy it with fries or potato chips.Herbed and grilled potatoes Ingredients: Medium-sized potatoes Salted butter Italian herbs of your choice Aluminium foilMethod: The easiest thing to make atop a barbeque grill, you begin by placing the potato that is sliced vertically into four in the foil. Smear butter and herbs inside the potato and cover it before you place it on the grill. Serve it fresh after you allow it to cook for few minutes.Sweet and spicy corn on the cob Ingredients: Corn on the cob Salted butter Honey Chilli flakes/chilli chutney Aluminium foilMethod: Another simple recipe, apply butter, honey and the chutney/flakes on top of the corn. Cover the corn in an aluminium foil and let it grill for a few minutes. Serve it fresh off the grill. You could also use lemon for garnish.Grilled masala chicken Ingredients: Boneless chicken chunks Yoghurt Salt Sugar Red chilli powder SkewersMethod: Mix the yoghurt, salt, sugar and red chilli powder. Marinate the chicken chunks in this for an hour at least. Take the chicken chunks, put them into skewers and grill them until the crust turns a fiery red. Serve hot with mayonnaise or a fresh yoghurt dip.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14145207", "title": "'Spiderman' weaves a love story", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The 'Rogue Spiderman' is on the reform path. Omkar Thakur alias Vijay Spiderman, 28, who was caught along with two other history-sheeters in connection with a murder plot, has told the crime branch officials that love had reformed him.Thakur, who has been arrested in no less than 48 thefts, earned his nickname owing to his ability to reach any floor of a highrise without stepping into a lift or using the stairs. He has spent a good seven years on the wrong side of law and has been charged with other offences like extortion, assault and murder.In 2011, his life changed, as he claims, when he met his ladylove. They used to stay close to each other in Ranip. In his confession, Thakur has claimed that he had never kept his ladylove in the dark. She knew about his nocturnal habits and the criminal past. Despite the fact that she was well educated, their differences never proved a hurdle and the couple got married in December 2011. The couple is now dreaming big with Thakur's wife preparing to appear in the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) exam. She aims to become an IAS officer.After marriage, Thakur vowed to give up his career in crime and also tried to hunt for a job. But, his past always preceded him and all his would-be employers turned him back.However, police say that Thakur's claims of reform are difficult to digest. \"When he was arrested along with his accomplices, Amit Dubey and Sailesh Sen, we found a large knife hidden in his clothes. The trio was planning to kill Sahdev Tomar, a history-sheeter of Amraiwadi,\" said a police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14151472", "title": "Congress decimated in Andhra Pradesh, Jagan Mohan Reddy's party wins 15 out of 18 seats", "text": "HYDERABAD: Riding on a strong sympathy wave, jailed MP YS Jagan Mohan Reddy's nascent YSR Congress today decimated ruling Congress bagging 15 of the 18 assembly seats and one Lok Sabha seat in by-elections in Andhra Pradesh in a showing that could be a political gamechanger in the state. Congress won just two assembly seats, while main opposition Telugu Desam faced a complete rout drawing a blank in a keenly awaited outcome in which the 39-year-old Kadapa MP is fighting a bitter public battle with the Congress over his father and late chief minister YS Rajsekhara Reddy's political legacy.In the bypolls, touted as the \"semi-finals\" ahead of the 2014 Assembly elections, the TRS managed to scrape through with a slender margin of 1,562 votes in Parkal, the lone assembly seat in Telangana region, as it faced a close contest from the nominee of the 15-month-old YSRCP. With today's results, the Congress saw its majority reduced to just seven seats having 155 MLAs in a House of 294.The YSRCP tally increased to 17. In the final analysis, the Congress lost 14 seats as it held 16 seats, won in 2009. The other two were won by PRP in 2009 but now fell in the YSRC kitty. The TRS gained one more seat Parkal, thanks to the by-election. YSRC's M Rajamohan Reddy won the Nellore Lok Sabha seat defeating high-profile T Subbirami Reddy of Congress by a margin of 2,91,745 votes.It was also a loss of face for actor-turned-politician K Chiranjeevi as the YSRC wrested the Tirupati assembly seat he vacated upon his election to Rajya Sabha in March. The victory of YSRC was so resounding that the Congress lost deposits in four constituencies though it managed to win two seats, largely on the caste factor. Lodged in the Chanchalguda prison as an undertrial in the disproportionate assets case against him, Jagan sent out a clear warning signal to the Congress that he will be its nemesis in the next elections as people are solidly behind him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14146694", "title": "Diabetics more prone to Alzheimer's", "text": "It has been understood that people with diabetes face an ominous prospect - a far greater risk of developing Alzheimer's disease.Now researchers at The City College of New York ( CCNY ) have shed light on one reason why.Biology Professor Chris Li and her colleagues have discovered that a single gene forms a common link between the two diseases.They found that the gene, known to be present in many Alzheimer's disease cases, affects the insulin pathway. Disruption of this pathway is a hallmark of diabetes.The finding could point to a therapeutic target for both diseases.\"People with type 2 diabetes have an increased risk of dementia. The insulin pathways are involved in many metabolic processes, including helping to keep the nervous system healthy,\" said Professor Li, explaining why the link is not far-fetched.Although the cause of Alzheimer's is still unclear, one criterion for diagnosis of the disease after death is the presence of sticky plaques of amyloid protein in decimated portions of patients' brains.Mutations in the human \"amyloid precursor protein\" (APP) gene, or in genes that process APP, show up in cases of Alzheimer's that run in families. In the study, Professor Li and her colleagues scrutinized a protein called APL-1, made by a gene in the worm Caenorhabditis elegans (C. elegans ) that happens to be a perfect stand-in for the human Alzheimer's disease gene.\"What we found was that mutations in the worm-equivalent of the APP gene slowed their development, which suggested that some metabolic pathway was disrupted,\" said Professor Li.\"We began to examine how the worm-equivalent of APP modulated different metabolic pathways and found that the APP equivalent inhibited the insulin pathway,\" she noted.This suggested that the human version of the gene plays a role in both Alzheimer's disease and diabetes.They also found that additional mutations in the insulin pathway reversed the defects of the APP mutation. This helped explain how these genes are functionally linked.The APL-1 is so important, they found, that \"when you knock out the worm-equivalent of APP, the animals die,\" Li explained.\"This tells us that the APP family of proteins is essential in worms, as they are essential in mammals,\" like us.Professor Li and her colleagues hope that this new insight will help focus research in ways that might lead to new therapies in the treatment of both Alzheimer''s disease and diabetes.The researchers report their finding in the June 2012 issue of the journal \" Genetics .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14148461", "title": "Sadananda takes on Nityananda, says he is ready to face jail term", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda hit back at the controversial Hindu religious guru Swami Paramahamsa Nityananda stating he was ready to face jail term for people's interest.Reacting strongly to godman's claim of Rs 10-crore compensation for the damage caused to his ashram property and accusing CM of making mala fide decisions, the chief minister said action initiated against Nityananda was not aimed at pleasing anybody, but was to maintain law and order in the state. \"I am ready to face thousands of such cases for the sake of the people. I don't to ready to go to jail for the interest of the people,\" Gowda maintained.The chief minister added that his action was based on the information provided by the officials on the ashram, \"I directed the police to initiate action following reports and inputs from the government agencies. Not alone Nityananda, similar action would be initiated those who violates law and order,\" he retorted.The controversial Hindu religious guru Nityananada swami dragged Gowda to legal battle after the chief minister ordered arrest of the former and sealing of his ashram complex situated in Bidadi, about 35-km from Bangalore, following allegations of sexual exploitation of women. The order was issued in the wake of a state-wide demand for his arrest and closure of the ashram.Following issuance of the search warrant , the godman surrendered and was granted bail by the magistrate court, but he was again taken into preventive custody and sent to Mysore prison for a day on Thursday. Police said they took Nityananda into custody in view of the threat to his life given the tension around his ashram.Nityananda, however, has sought compensation to the tune of Rs 10 crore from the state government for causing damage to his ashram property, Nityananda has named chief minister as the first respondent in the case. \"The chief minister has exercised his power in a mala fide manner to appease a section of people and has directed the police force to cause the arrest of the petitioner and seizure of the property. Instead of protecting the petitioner, the ashramites and the ashram property, he has succumbed to the pressure of media and a handful of anti-social elements and proclaimed that he would get the police to arrest the petitioner despite the fact that the petitioner has not committed any offence whatsoever,\" Nityananada claimed.Nityananda has been on bail since June 2010 after he was arrested from Solan in Himachal Pradesh. He had gone into hiding in Solan for about a month in March-April 2010 after a Tamil TV channel aired a video showing him indulging in sexual acts. After being picked up by Karnataka Police, he was in a Bangalore jail for seven weeks. The latest trouble for the controversial religious leader began after a Kannada TV channel started telecasting complaints by several women that they were sexually exploited by him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14151806", "title": "Cloud seeding is a failed mission in Karnataka", "text": "BANGALORE: Whenever rain Gods decline to smile on Karnataka, state governments in the past have come out with a standard prescription --- cloud seeding.But such attempts to revive the slack monsoon by scientific methods have not met with much success.The Sadananda Gowda government, however, is not deterred by these failed experiments as it plans to make another attempt to induce rain, if in case the state does not receive rains in the next fortnight.The government is simply wasting its money and time on cloud seeding as it had its own share of limitations and flaws. Instead it should take up large-scale relief measures to bail out the farmers suffering due to drought and monsoon failure,aa said Karnataka Rajya Raitha Sangha (KRRS) President K S Puttannaiah.During deficient monsoon between 1999 and 2003, the then Krishna government had first conducted seeding experiments for nine days, inducing some rains in north karnataka. Hyderabad-based firm Agni Aviation had been roped in after seeking permission from the civil aviation ministry for the aerial experiment.Interestingly, while the experiment was conducted in Dharwad, precipitation occurred around 100 km away in Belgaum. It rained for an hour after the experiment. But no rains were witnessed after that. This has led us to infer that cloud seeding resulted in the rain,a? a senior official, who monitored these operations in Hubli said.According to officials, while the experiments then cost the exchequer about 10-15 crore spent in 2004, the program will now cost Rs 30-40 crore as it will includes hiring of three aircraft, installation of three radars for monitoring and identifying rain-bearing clouds.Later two other experiments were carried out between 2006 and 2010 but the results were not any different. N Ramachandrappa, a senior engineer associated with the weather modification project said that the there is no scientific mechanism to determine the results of cloud seeding.Keeping in view of the past failures, Revenue department officials said the government may go for ground-based cloud-seeding technology, popularly known as 'rain rockets' as it is easy and cheaper method. In this technology, small rockets carrying about 200-250 gm of finely ground sodium chloride (common salt) are launched from the ground to induce silver iodide and dry ice for precipitation of clouds.These rockets can cover 2 km to 2.5 km and are usually launched from skyscrapers or temporary towers close to catchment areas or reservoirs. Experts point out that cloud seeding through mini-rockets is rather cheap a\" about 50 such rockets cost around Rs 5,000 or less.Using airplanes or radar, which has the advantage of pinpointing clouds, which yield better rainfall, would cost much more and involves operational difficulties. One requirement of the mini-rocket method is that weather conditions should be favourable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14146746", "title": "Vadodara Municipal Corporation opposition alleges irregularities in development works", "text": "VADODARA: The opposition Congress has made allegations of irregularities in works in Vadodara done by the Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) through contractors.The opposition has claimed that rules were being flouted and proper supervision was not being maintained in development works in the city. Opposition leader Chinnam Gandhi has written a letter regarding the alleged irregularities to the VMC commissioner.Gandhi has given examples of such irregularities. He has claimed that in the case of a drainage project taken up in Kamlanagar on Ajwa Road the contractor who had bagged the tender had passed the work on to a controversial contractor. Gandhi said that sub-contracting was illegal and the original contractor was not supervising the work too even as the quality was being compromised.Gandhi has also claimed that in the work on a storm water drain on the VIP Road, some local leaders insisted that instead of 600m.m. diameter pipes 900m.m. diameter pipes should be used. The contractor was asked to do this even when he had filed a tender for the smaller diameter pipes and was given the work order for the same.The contract was cancelled and Gandhi alleged that attempts were being made to give the work to a contractor who was given permission only for works worth Rs one crore even as the storm water drain project amounted to Rs 1.75 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14140994", "title": "Threat to inmates\u2019 lives to be probed", "text": "MUMBAI: Under pressure to protect prison inmates, jail authorities have started making confidential files about threats to the lives of bomb blast suspects in the jails in the state. This move has been taken in the light of the murder of bomb blast suspect Qateel Siddiqui in Yerawada jail on June 8.\"We have asked our jail officers to interview bomb blast suspects and find out if they have received threats from other inmates. Officers have been asked to prepare files about the suspects and keep the information classified,\" said a senior jail official. Surendra Kumar, inspector-general of prisons, said, \"Our men will talk to bomb blast suspects and take down details. We don't want any untoward incidents.\"There are over 20 Indian Mujahideen members, 30 Students' Islamic Movement of India members and 12 members of Abhinav Bharat and Jai Vande Matram outfits in various state jails. \"Keeping all these bomb blast suspects in one jail (in special cells) is not possible due to legal proceedings and from the security point of view. Hence we are collecting information about various inmates who are feeling insecure after Siddiqui's death. Till the time the inmates are in jail, their safety is our responsibility,\" a jail official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "14146702", "title": "SIT arrests 2 for twin-murder look-out notice for Mukthar", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The special investigation team arrested two people in connection with the twin murder in Areekode on Wednesday. Police said Firoz Khan and Riyas were held for helping the prime accused in the case - Mukthar - to escape to a Gulf country after the incident on Sunday night.According to the police, Firoz arranged the pick-up van for the gang to escape from Nilambur. The SIT also issued a look out notice for Mukthar on Wednesday.Mukthar, the prime accused, is the brother of Athique Rahman, who was murdered in January, 2012. The police team think that the Kolakadan brothers -- Azad and Kunhappu - were killed to avenge the murder of Rahman.Rahman was killed on January 6, in an attack by a gang at Kuniyil town. It was a dispute over a football tournament in Kuniyil that had led to the killing of Atheeq. Azad and Aboobacker were among the accused in the Atheeque Rahman murder case.DySp Mohanachnadran, a member of the investigation team, told TOI that the twin murder was in retaliation to the murder of Atheeque and the investigation team has collected evidence proving the role of Mukthar in the murder.The team also questioned two persons -- Firoz, Subeesh -- who helped the killer gang to escape in a pick-up van from Nilambur. The Tata Sumo van that was used by the gang for the attack was found abandoned in Nilambur last day. On Wednesday, forensic experts conducted a detailed examination of the van at Areeekode police station.IG S Gopinathan, who is leading the SIT, visited Areekode and convened a meeting of other members in the team at the MSP camp at Areekode. It is learnt that the team reviewed the progress of the investigation.The police officials, however, refused to comment on the role of P K Basheer MLA, who was among the 11 accused in the murder case. Indian Union Muslim League, on Wednesday, staged a rally in Areekdoe town, supporting Basheer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14147334", "title": "Milk prices on the boil in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: The milk industry in the state could be booming, but there is a sharp rise in the cost of milk over the last one year. Leading milk brands have hiked the price of milk by Rs 2 per litre this June, the second hike in the last eight months. A litre of milk cost Rs 32 a litre until September, 2011, but has now shot to Rs 38 per litre.Sources say that while a couple of milk brands have already hiked the price citing sourcing and supply as a problem, the other players in the market will announce the hike soon.Citizens complain that their household budgets have shot considerably particularly families with children or those living in joint families. \"We buy 3 litres of milk everyday and our monthly milk budget has gone up by around Rs 600,\" said R Sunitha Rao, a resident of Karkhana, who has a family of seven that includes her three children and elderly parents. It is only ironical that Andhra Pradesh is the third largest supplier of milk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14145122", "title": "Board to conduct re-exam of statistics paper in July", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board ( GSHSEB) officials have declared that 2,200-odd students of Jamkandorna exam centre will have to reappear for statistics paper. Results of students appearing from this centre were withheld following evidence of mass copying. The exam will be conducted in July when the board will take supplementary exams for other students who have failed in one subject in HSC (general) stream.Board chairman R R Varsani said the committee set up to investigate into mass copying case in Jamkandorna has submitted its reports. \"The committee members found strong evidence of mass copying in statistics paper. Other papers were investigated as well, but not much evidence of mass copying was found,\" Varsani said.The chairman further said that while stricter action could have been taken, it was decided to take re-exam of one paper. \"It was unanimously decided to look at students' future. Hence, they have been asked to give re-exam. The exam will be conducted in July and after that results will be declared,\" Varsani added.Mass copying by Jamkandorna students was unearthed by teachers assessing the papers. It was found that 250 students from this centre had copied. TOI had reported that teachers assessing answer papers of standard XII general stream students had stumbled upon this mass copying when they found that unusually high number of students from this centre were scoring marks between 90 and 95 in four main papers. The teachers investigated this aberration and found that 250-odd students had copied same right and wrong answers. Board officials said copy cases will be filed against the students after investigation is complete.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14151900", "title": "Facebook wants your mobile number", "text": "LONDON: In a bid to improve security on Facebook, the social networking website is asking each of its more than 900 million active users to provide it with their mobile phone numbers.The move comes in the wake of much-publicised password hacks at other networking sites including LinkedIn and eHarmony , the Daily Mail reported.Millions of Facebook users have already seen a link at the top of their desktop news feed requesting them to follow 'simple security tips'.Those that click on the link are led to the site's security page where they are asked to pick a unique password and given a tutorial on how to spot an online scam.They are then requested to provide their phone number for secure account recovery.This, Facebook claims, works because when a user confirms their phone number it allows the site to automatically wipe their password in the event of their account being hacked.The social network would then send a text message to the user informing that their password has been changed.This, the site reasons, would be preferable to sending the user and email because many of these are ignored as assumed junk and get deleted.Facebook today said the desktop security message, already seen by millions of users in the US, will be on all accounts in the next few days.However, it claims that the security update has nothing to do with the recent LinkedIn hack.The social network for professionals, LinkedIn admitted to being hacked, but did not reveal the exact figure, although 6.5 million of its 161 million users' passwords appeared online on a website.The website added that the lists published online only contained passwords and not logins, but that in all probability any hacker would have them too.And California-based eHarmony, one of the world's most popular online dating websites, also admitted earlier this month that the personal passwords of some of its customers were hacked and posted online.The company, which has over 20 million registered users, confirmed that passwords had been compromised but did not reveal the exact number, although some technology experts have put the figure at 1.5 million.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14141252", "title": "Only 16% elderly aware of Act to protect them from abuse", "text": "MUMBAI: Septuagenarian John D'souza suffers from partial paralysis but his voice gets shakier as he talks about his son.\"I have not seen him, his wife or my granddaughter for years now. It hurts to remember how badly they treated us,\" he says.D'souza says he and his wife were harassed by their son to the extent that they left their own house in Sion and have been shuttling between their four daughters. \"They would give us only stale food and taunt us,\" he recalls.Despite having protection under the Maintenance and Welfare of Parents and Senior Citizens Act 2007, senior citizens like D'souza are still floundering for justice due to shoddy implementation of the legislation in Maharashtra. On occasion of World Elder Abuse Awareness Day on Friday, senior citizens and organizations are campaigning for more effective implementation of the Act in the state.\"If the Act was in place, D'souza's son would have been obliged to pay him a monthly maintenance,\" said Prakash Borgaonkar, director of HelpAge India. A survey by the organization, after interviewing 5,600 elders (60+) in 20 cities, found seniors were not aware of the provision. Only 16 % of the 280 seniors interviewed in Mumbai knew of the legislation, and as few as 10 % were aware about a tribunal.\"There has been a delay in implementation,\" said Vijay Oundhe of FESCOM (Federation of Senior Citizens Organizations of Maharashtra). He said that senior citizens are often hesitant to take family problems to court. However, Oundhe said a strong Act and a few positive judgments may set a deterrent. A senior official told TOI that the Act would be implemented soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "vadodra", "code": "14148680", "title": "Police arrest 13 in communal rioting case", "text": "VADODRA: The city police has made 13 arrests in the communal rioting that took place in Mogulwada area last week. The cops had earlier arrested six persons in the rioting that happened on night of June 9.Those in custody were then questioned about the involvement of other persons. Investigations revealed that many more people staying in the locality had resorted to stone pelting and damaged vehicles. The incident had occurred when two bikers met with a minor accident near Mogulwada restaurant. Both the bikers were from the same community. They entered into arguments following which one of them left the spot. However, sometime later he again came to the same spot with his group and started damaging vehicles parked there. It soon snowballed into riots as mobs from different communities clashed with each other. The police immediately rushed to the spot. The area where the incident took place is a sensitive zone.Five cops including Wadi police inspector P Arya were injured in the incident. The cops had to lob 14 tear gas shells and resort to lathi-charge for dispersing the rioters. A couple of months ago, mobs had resorted to rioting in Karelibaug area after a similar argument occurred between two people over road accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14152086", "title": "Lady Gaga's new fragrance pics leaked online", "text": "LONDON: Lady Gaga was reportedly forced to unveil her first perfume on Twitter, after photos of the bottle leaked online on Wednesday without her permission.Sneaky snaps of the Poker Face star's first fragrance, Fame, surfaced on the Internet on Wednesday. so she took to Twitter.com to tell fans all about the scent and share her own pictures of the bottle and packaging, the Daily Express reported.\"Looks like photos of my perfume are being leaked. Oh you fashion editors I could just crinkle my hands at you,\" she tweeted.When one follower asked if the pop star plans to release a men's version, she said that though her fragrance was basically designed for women , many of her gay friends also wear it.The singer, who had previously revealed that her fragrance would smell of blood and semen, and will go on sale later this summer, actually contains notes of \"belladonna, crushed heart of tiger orchidea with a black veil of incense, pulverized apricot and the combinative essences of saffron and honey drops\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14144203", "title": "Nityananda goes to HC, blames trouble on land mafia", "text": "BANGALORE: Swami Paramahamsa Nityananda has alleged that people jealous of his popularity and the land mafia are behind the campaign and the consequent government action on his ashram.In a writ petition filed in the Karnataka high court on Thursday, he said: \"Several disgruntled elements who are jealous of my popularity have spread false stories to mar my reputation as well as that of the ashram. Several land sharks who want to grab valuable land belonging to the ashram are also behind the cheap publicity being made adverse to my interest and reputation. Sections of the media which regularly resort to blackmail and extortion have also joined hands in the illegal and unlawful activities of these disgruntled elements, land sharks, unruly elements.\"Seeking compensation to the tune of Rs 10 crore from the state government for causing damage to his ashram property, Nityananda has named chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda as the first respondent in the case .\"The chief minister has exercised his power in a mala fide manner to appease a section of people and has directed the police force to cause the arrest of the petitioner and seizure of the property. Instead of protecting the petitioner, the ashramites and the ashram property, he has succumbed to the pressure of media and a handful of anti-social elements and proclaimed that he would get the police to arrest the petitioner despite the fact that the petitioner has not committed any offence whatsoever,\" Nityananada claimed.He also appealed to the court to immediately lift the police crackdown on his ashram at Bidadi, Ramanagaram district, and permit his disciples to use and occupy the ashram in the manner they desire.Hearing todayThe high court will take up on Friday the two criminal petitions filed by the godman challenging the two FIRs registered by the Bidadi police .Nityananda has sought for quashing of the FIRs claiming that his name was included at the last minute in them though it was not in the original complaints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14144795", "title": "Gujarat HC issues notice over PIL against sale of public plot", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has issued notice to the Rajkot Municipal Corporation (RMC) and concerned authorities in response to a PIL challenging allotment of a public plot to private person without following due procedure.The leader of opposition in the RMC Keyur Masrani filed the PIL questioning legality of the sale of an open plot to wife of a BJP councilor, Karshan Waghela without issuance of any public notice. He has also claimed that the civic body violated all norms and its own resolutions and circulars by selling off the plot to Waghela's wife at a price much below than the current market rate, which is adjudged by the jantri (ready reckoner).Petitioner's counsel Shakeel Qureshi contended that the plot was sold by the RMC this year at the jantri rate that were prevalent in 2003.Besides raising the issue of sale of plot in alleged contravention of guidelines set by the Supreme Court, the PIL also sought directions to the RMC to allot land for houses for class III and IV employees of the civic body. It was submitted that the RMC has allotted plots for its class I and II employees, but does not care for housing of employees of lower rank who are huge in number.After seeking explanation on these issues, a division bench of acting Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala has kept further hearing three weeks later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14142653", "title": "Ram Charan's marriage reception was a grand affair", "text": "The wedding reception ceremony of mega power star Ram Charan and Upasana took place yesterday (June 14) evening at Hotel Novotel Hotel at Hitex in Hyderabad. All top stars of South Indian cinema and politicians from AP came to bless the couple and extended their warm wishes. Ram Charan's wedding reception was glittered with stars and the couple was spotted smiling all through.Prince Mahesh Babu and his wife Namrata, Allu Arjun and his wife Sneha Reddy, Prabhas, Nagarjuna, his wife Amala, sons Naga Chaitanya, Akhil, Kajal Agrawal, Tamanna, Tabu, Prabhu Deva, Daggubati Rana, Nani, Allari Naresh, Nani, Raju Sundaram, Tabu, Krishnam Raju, Sharath Kumar, NV Prasad, Srihari, etc gathered to wish the couple.Earlier in the day, Ram Charan and Upasana Kamieni entered into wedlock at Temple Trees farm house. And Ram Charan will be hosting a reception for the mega fans today (on June 15).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14144021", "title": "Narvekar and kin charged with forgery", "text": "Mapusa: Mapusa police filed a chargesheet in the JMFC at Mapusa against former finance minister and former Aldona MLA Dayanand Narvekar, his wife Sushma and son Ganeshraj in the forged birth certificate case. Another chargesheet has been filed in the juvenile court against Ganeshraj Narvekar.Over a year back Shekhar Salkar had filed an FIR at Mapusa police station alleging that Ganeshraj's birth documents had been forged by his parents Dayanand and Sushma.The case was referred to the prosecution director who recommended that it was a fit case for filing a chargesheet. From P 1According to Salkar Ganeshraj's parents have shown three dates of birth of the son. While one is February 28, 1993, another is February 28, 1992, and another is September 1, 1993. The last birth certificate was used for purposes of Goa cricket association activities whereas the earlier two were used for school admission.Signatures on the birth certificates were sent for verification. The report indicated that the signatures were fake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14152074", "title": "MP CM goes on hunger protest against fertiliser price hike", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan started a 24-hour hunger protest here on Friday morning against the steep and unprecedented price rise of fertilisers. He demanded the UPA-Centre for an immediate modification of its current subsidy policy on fertilisers and the formation of a task force with chief ministers to control the sudden surge in prices. While the chief minister and state BJP president Prabhat Jha sat in protest for the interest of farmers in the state capital, ministers along with four lakh agricultural growers hit the district headquarters to demonstrate in the rural areas.The message of the protest was clear. The ruling BJP which has been in power in the state since December 2003, will go back to the villages and raise issues to woo the 66 per cent agrarian population before 2013 assembly polls. Shivraj Singh Chouhan won 2008 elections playing-up his own farmer background and son of an agriculturist'' card. After Madhya Pradesh became the second-largest wheat procurer in the country after Punjab this year, the BJP is all set to proclaim Chouhan as a farmer leader.Ironically, the protest was scheduled on a day when the ruling BJP captured yet another Congress bastion in a bypoll. As Chouhan launched his protest, news trooped in that the party had seized control of Maheshwar assembly seat - known to be a Congress fortress for several decades - by a whopping margin of 31,766 votes.Addressing a large gathering of farmers at the protest site, chief minister Chouhan said: Writing letters to the Prime Minister and Union ministers don't work anymore. Holding meetings with the Union ministers don't yield results either. The state government's development and welfare projects are in our hands, but not the Centre's. And if the Centre makes anti-farmer policies, should I sit back and do nothing? A chief minister cannot sit back waiting for the Centre to wake-up to the crisis. Hunger protest is an effective and peaceful method to draw the attention of the Union government to an acute situation. I will only live on water for the next 24 hours.''Chouhan quoted the current fertiliser prices and claimed there has been a 120 per cent to 200 per cent escalation after the UPA-Centre introduced the Nutrient Based Subsidy Policy on decontrolled phosphatic and potassic fertilisers in April 2010. Through this changed policy, the Centre no longer bears the burden of increase in the prices of fertilisers. According to Chouhan, a fixed sum is paid to manufacturers and suppliers as government subsidy. Any additional hike in prices is now borne by the farmers.The chief minister argued that a bag of diammonium phosphate DPA priced at Rs 527.45 in 2011 is presently available at Rs 1272.35. The NPK which cost Rs 457.83 is currently priced at Rs 1182.21. Prices of all fertilisers have gone up drastically adding to the burden of our food growers. The farmer has to spend an approximate Rs 2,000 to Rs 5,000 additional cost on every acre of land that is cultivated depending on the crop. To grow soya beans on one acre he previously spent Rs 2,345 on fertilisers. Now the same fertiliser will cost him Rs 4,348. For rice cultivation, he will spend an additional Rs 2,471 at current prices of manures. Can a poor farmer survive and make cultivation a profitable venture under these circumstances?'' Chouhan asked. He will be crushed under the burden.''Speaking to TOI, he said: With such steep escalation of prices, the farmer will either not use fertilisers bringing down productivity or he will take more loans from co-operatives, banks and moneylenders and get weighed down with credit. In any case it adversely affects our agrarian economy and food production. I demand that the Centre roll-back the increase in prices and constitute a task force with chief ministers of states to regulate subsidies and fix the prices of fertilisers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14148311", "title": "Big shots in the prosecution list of Central Vigilance Commission", "text": "NEW DELHI: Competent Authorities issued prosecution sanction in 12 cases in April based on Central Vigilance Commission(CVC) recommendations, according to the CVC.Among those against whom prosecution was approved in April are, a General Manager of Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd, a Director, Directorate of Anti Dumping &amp; Allied Duties, Ministry of Commerce and one Superintending Engineer of CPWD, CVC oficials stated.The Commission, which processed 5078 complaints, including 39 whistle blower complaints, in April sought investigation report in 18 complaints from various ministries and departments concerned in April.According to the Commission, CVC advised initiation of major penalty proceedings against 74 officials of various ministries/departments/organisations in April.Based on CVC recommendations, major penalty proceedings were initiated against a General Manager of Canara Bank , four General Managers of Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd , an Executive Director of NALCO, two Commissioners of Income Tax and one Superintending Engineer each from Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD) &amp; Delhi Jal Board.Officials said, CVC also advised imposition of major penalty against 42 officials of various Ministries/Departments/Organizations in April. Among them were two directors of Khadi &amp; Village Industries Commission, one chief architect from NDMC, one general manager, Bharat Cooking Coal Ltd., one general manager and two superintending engineers from Northern Coalfields Ltd., one joint director and two executive engineers from Municipal Corporation of Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14144442", "title": "Over 250 'small' schools to merge with large ones", "text": "PANAJI: For a long time now, close to 300 government primary schools in Goa have been caught in a vicious cycle. Year after year they face a closure threat due to dwindling numbers, and they can be allotted only single teachers because of the low enrolment. The lack of teachers, in turn, takes a toll on the enrolment as the quality of teaching suffers.The problem has not escaped authorities and the state government has finally got down to resolving the issues with a solution that will kill both birds with one stone.The Goa government will amalgamate the 262 low enrolment government primary schools with 168 state-run schools situated within a distance of 3km. The solution was first mooted, and opposed, during the Digambar Kamat-government since parents protested the increased travel distance for students. But that problem has been effectively resolved now with chief minister Manohar Parrikar-who is also the education minister-proposing that 168 Kadamba Transport Corporation (KTC) buses operate on the routes for students.In some cases, up to three government primary schools will be merged with a high enrolment state-run school in the vicinity.The amalgamation will mean that teachers of low enrolment schools will be integrated with the school with better numbers and will in turn improve the pupil-teacher ratio in the high enrolment school. Students of low enrolment schools will be able to avail better facilities in their new schools, which will include better infrastructure and different teachers for every class and subject.\"The amalgamation is being done to solve the problem of low enrolment in 262 government primary schools,\" chief minister said, confirming the development.Parrikar convened a meeting of state education and KTC officials early this week and approved the amalgamation of the schools during the current academic year 2012-13. It has been suggested that 168 KTC buses operate for each of the amalgamated schools to transport the students to their new school as the travel distance for them increases by 1.5 to 3km.Additional district education inspectors of the directorate of education (DoE) and KTC officials have begun inspection of the routes from Thursday and routes will be added or deducted from the suggested list as per its feasibility.According to the Goa education regulations, only one teacher can be allotted for up to 24 students. Most of these low enrolment schools in Goa have students numbers of 15 or lower, making it difficult for the state to allot more than one teacher in the government primary schools. The single teacher is left to deal with students of Class I, II, III and IV at a time.At 34%, Goa has one of the highest percentages of single teacher schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "14141668", "title": "NCR\u2019s first high-rise society in a deplorable state", "text": "GHAZIABAD: The NCR's first high-rise residential society in Kaushambi is in a deplorable state. One of the many high-rises that form a part of the residential colony, the ten-storey Gangotri tower has 444 single-room flats and currently there are nearly 200 families living in it. Shockingly, the elevator of the society has not been working for the last two years. During preparation of the Commonwealth Games , DDA had reportedly blocked the sewer line of Kaushambi leading to accumulation of drain water within the society. Residents now fear outbreak of diseases and a possible mishap as the accumulated water is affecting the foundation of the building.When the building was being constructed in the late '80s, it was considered the crown of Ghaziabad, but with the passage of time the society has lost its sheen.Given the deplorable condition, nearly 30% of the flats are still in possession of Ghaziabad Development Authority as no one has come forward to buy them. \"Kaushambi was conceived and marketed by GDA as one of its prestigious colonies in Ghaziabad. It turned out to be one too, with its wide spread serenity, spacious build-up and green environment. Residents took up the flats with high hopes, which remained true till a few years ago. The problem began around two and a half years ago when the infrastructure facilities such as sewage and drainage system started crumbling,\" said Anil Singh, a resident.\"The sewage system started causing trouble due to construction faults as a result of which all manholes are now filled with sewage water up to the brim. Sewage has now started spilling over to the towers and roads. GDA sold land to build a mall through which the sewage line of Kaushambi was passing through .The sewage line was blocked during the construction and thus the discharge started flowing back into the colony,\" Singh said.\"After vigorous effort and complaints, a new line was laid by GDA, but it is not operational because of inherent design and construction defects. Against the requirement of a 30m-long slope sewage line, a pipeline of 1km was built, which obstructed the natural flow of sewage. Instead, it started flowing backwards and finally got stagnant. As a result, the stagnant sewage water has become an ideal breeding ground for mosquitoes and other vectors,\" said Gulshan Sadana, another resident.The area falls in seismic zone 4 which is the second highest risk zone and, thus, the buildings are getting more vulnerable now. There are around19 buildings of 14 storey and 5 buildings of 10 storey that house almost 4,000 families.When asked about the deplorable condition of the residential society, Ghaziabad Development Authority chief engineer, DR Yadav, blamed Delhi for the situation. \"Before the Commonwealth Games, Delhi government had constructed roads and flyover in and around Kaushambi. At that time the sewerage line of the society which was linked with the Delhi drain was blocked. This further led to accumulation of drain water inside the society,\" Yadav said, adding that the authority has an extensive plan for cleaning up and beautification of the society and soon work would start.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "surat ", "code": "14151604", "title": "Notices to lease holders for recovery of over due payments", "text": "SURAT : Following the slow rate of recovery despite amnesty scheme of state government , the Geology office located at city collector's office in the city has started issuing notices to the contractors whose payments are overdue. Mining department of the state government started an amnesty scheme on April, 2012 for five months under which a chance is given to the contractors and offenders to pay up their due amounts of royalty and penalty . Under the scheme till 30 September, 2012, contractors can pay up and avoid actions . However not many seem to have heeded to the scheme in Surat district where sand mining and illegal sand mining is rampant.\"In two months we have recovered nearly Rs 60 lakh but still more then Rs 3 crores are over due.\" Said Prashant Pandya , Geologist, in charge of Surat office. \" We are in the process of issuing notices to all the contractors whose payments are over due and will take action if they fail to pay up by 30 September, 2012.\" He added . According to the department , it is seriously considering criminal actions against those who don't pay up in time. On the issue of illegal sand mining , Pandya said, \" We will not hesitate to invoke PASA against those proven illegal sand miners .\"Illegal sand mining from different areas of Tapi river bed has become a major problem for the officials. There are rampant complaints against contractors or lease holders of different places about their mining activities in the areas not under their lease. \" We will act against the known offenders once we have proofs of their offences.\" Said Pandya .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14141787", "title": "Security breach in CM\u2019s cavalcade, four held", "text": "JAIPUR: Four men were arrested on Thursday after their car entered the cavalcade of chief minister Ashok Gehlot in the Civil Lines area. All the four were drunk, said the police. They were arrested under Police Act and later released on bail.The incident took place near Civil Lines railway crossing in the evening. The four men in the car, despite being stopped by the policemen, entered the cavalcade. A police team chased the car and stopped it.\"They were found to be under the influence of alcohol and were arrested,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14140476", "title": "Brothel-keeper gets 7 yrs in jail", "text": "MUMBAI: A fast track court judge, M B Gosavi, on Thursday convicted a brothel-keeper Nisha Tamang and sentenced her to seven years' imprisonment in a case of commercial sexual exploitation of minor girls. The case originated from a rescue operation conducted at Kamathipura's Bori Chawl brothel in August 2010 by the S S Branch with information provided by human rights agency International Justice Mission (IJM). The police rescued three girls and registered a case against seven. Three were acquitted and three absconded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14145630", "title": "Bags with CM posters distributed among schoolchildren", "text": "Ahmedabad: Students in the rural areas were distributed bags and other material with photographs of chief minister Narendra Modi . These bags were distributed among the students as a school enrollment drive which began from Thursday.\" Shala Praveshotsav\" was kicked off rural areas in the state from Thursday. Officials said as a part of the drive the students were given bags with Modi photographs. On one of the bag which is red in colour, has modi with two kids while the other bag which is black only has photographs of Modi.Officials said that campaigns covers about 34,000 government primary schools in the state. The main aim of the campaign is to bring about qualitative improvements in education.The government has also decided to give interest on Rs 1,000 bond. A girl student who completed her studies would get Rs 2000 instead of just Rs 1000. This will put an extra an extra burden of Rs 16-crore on the government. About 48,000 bicycles will also be distributed to girl students Also 10,494 new classrooms will be dedicated during the campaign.The education department officials has set a target to cover all the 18,000 villages in the three days. Also the School board in the eight municipal and 159 towns in the state will also take up the programme from June 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14145276", "title": "Pramod Kumar appears before CBI court", "text": "COIMBATORE: Controversial Tamil Nadu cadre IPS officer Pramod Kumar facing CBI probe in the multi crore Pazee scam was produced before the CBI court here on Thursday. The court has extended his custody till June 28.Pramod Kumar was brought here from Chennai and spent almost 40 minutes inside the court complex before he was taken back to Chennai by a team of investigating officials accompanying him. His counsel has filed a bail application before the Madras high court which is expected to come up for hearing on Friday.A team of CBI officials arrested Pramod Kumar who was posted as inspector general of armed police in Chennai, from New Delhi on May 2. He has been booked as the sixth accused in the multi crore Pazee forex trading scam in Tirupur district. Pramod Kumar has been charged of accepting Rs 2.85 crore to divert the probe against the accused individuals in the case when he was serving as the inspector general of West Zone.The CBI court here had earlier refused bail to Pramod Kumar citing that he was not co-operating with the investigating officials and also that he could manipulate the course of the probe if released on bail. The investors who were duped in the Pazee scam had also strongly demanded that he should not be granted bail in the case.The Pazee scam hit the headlines in 2009 when three directors K Mohanraj, Kathiravan and A Kamlavalli duped thousands of investors across the country who invested money in their firm, approximately over Rs 1000 crore. The probe was transferred to the CBI after it was revealed that certain senior police officials from Western Tamil Nadu belt were linked with the scam directly or otherwise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "14143655", "title": "PCB not to issue show cause notice to Shoaib Malik", "text": "LAHORE: Pakistan Cricket Board will not issue any show cause notice to former Pakistan captain Shoaib Malik for appearing in a club level match in New Delhi recently, an official said.Malik's appearance in the match has received widespread coverage and sparked a debate in the media.\"We have not issued any notice to Malik to explain his position nor do we intend to do so in future as he has gone to India on a private visit and played in just a club match,\" a board official said.He, however, conceded that when Malik returns home the board would have a discussion with him about such future forays into Indian club cricket.Malik is among the players who have been given central contracts by the board for 2012.Reports in the Indian media have quoted senior Board of Control for Cricket in India officials expressing their surprise as even the Delhi and Districts Cricket Association ( DDCA) did not inform the BCCI about Malik's participation.According to the reports, apart from the IPL, the BCCI does not allow foreign players to feature in domestic tournaments.Another PCB official said since Malik had played in a club match it could not be considered as a domestic game.Malik is married to Indian tennis star Sania Mirza and frequently visits India. Last year also, while visiting India he played in a couple of club games.Sources close to Malik said he played in the club match on the request of an Indian friend who is a keen cricket enthusiast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14149025", "title": "Jim Carrey lists Malibu beach house for $13.95m", "text": "Jim Carrey has put his Malibu beach house up for sale, for a listed price of 13.95 million dollars.According to Trulia Luxe Living, the actor's five-bedroom, 2,866-square-foot home is on one of the city's most desirable stretches of beach, the New York Daily News reported.The modern space has a huge deck and removable privacy walls. For even more security, it's within a gated community.The rooftop deck has a hot tub.Carrey bought the property in 2002 for 9.75 million dollars, which means he stands to make a hefty profit.The 50-year-old actor is reportedly scoping out the 19-million-dollar ClockTower apartment in Brooklyn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14138410", "title": "\u2018Anna &amp; co don\u2019t have monopoly on honesty\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rejecting allegations of corruption leveled by Team Anna, Union law minister Salman Khurshid has hit back saying it is difficult to concede them the \"monopoly of patriotism and honesty\" and advised Anna Hazare that there was still time to bring his movement to the \"legitimate\" path.In a strong letter to activist Anna Hazare, Khurshid, who is among the 15 ministers against whom Team Anna had sought a probe, said there were serious doubts about the activist's colleagues' faith in judicial system and said government works by the rule of law and not by \"whims of men no matter how well intentioned\" it is.Alleging that his team has allowed their passions to overwhelm their rational abilities, he said it was \"difficult to concede to them a monopoly of patriotism and honesty particularly since there are many questions about their personal and public conduct that remain unanswered.\"I imagine there would be few better examples of people in glass houses should not throw stones,\" Khurshid said.He said he did the utmost to steer a successful course for Lokpal negotiations \"sometimes going beyond my brief\", though it was not a favour to Hazare or anyone else but as he sincerely believed that there was a need to nurture new institutions.\"Some of your colleagues are cleverly trying to bring their idea of the Lokpal into existence through this stratagem, bypassing the courts of the land who have done us proud through fearless imposition of accountability. Some of us had serious doubts about your colleagues' faith in judicial system and sadly those doubts have been proved to be well founded,\" he said.The law minister also gave a pointed rebuttal to the charges leveled against him by Team Anna regarding the allegations about his helping some private companies in the 2G spectrum case by \"misusing my official position\".Khurshid said at any stage, there wasn't any occasion for the professional opinion of officials being overruled by him as a minister in the Reliance-Swan or Essar-Loop case. ``At no stage was there any occasion for the professional opinion of officials being overruled by me as minister and I most certainly stand by the position I endorsed. I believe if I had sone anything else I would have been dishonest and callous about the consequences to the system of justice that I am obligated to protect and preserve without fear or favour,'' he said adding that there was a ``deliberate distortion of truth'' to browbeat the law minister and a ``devious attempt'' to influence the outcome of sub-judice proceedings.He said he was not writing to convince Hazare but to ensure that the \"wild allegations\" do not mislead common citizen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14145553", "title": "Rs 12,000 fine for illegal stay in Boriadevi", "text": "Ahmedabad: The forest department has arrested 30 person all residents of Rajkot who had illegally stayed in Boriadevi within the Gir sanctuary the last abode of the Asiatic Lion.Officials in the forest department said on Thursday night, the forest department official got the tip off that some eight vehicles were parked in Boriadevi, inside the sanctuary. The officials rushed to the area and found a group of 30 people including 15 female and eight kids.The forest department arrested all of them and during investigation they revealed the entire group had come from Rajkot. The forest department during investigation found that these people had come for the religious prayers, but they could not get out of the sanctuary by 6 pm and hence they decided to stay back.Officials said that after investigation, the entire group was allowed to go once they paid a fine of rs 12,000.Officials said that as per the notification of the state government, any person cannot stay within the sanctuary after 6 pm. If any one is found to be staying within the sanctuary after 6 pm, the person can be booked under the Wildlife Protection Act. Forest officials said that this was a big group and hence they caught, but there are several incidents where people stay illegally in these religious places without the knowledge of the forest department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14151151", "title": "Mushrooming of eco-tourism resorts turns dangerous for tiger population", "text": "BANGALORE: India is home to one of the world's highest tiger population -- about 1,700 big cats, going by the May 2011 Census. Today, it is a combination of threats that is challenging the majestic animal's survival in the wild, the most dangerous of them being the spurt of eco-tourism resorts in and around the national parks.And the result is there for everyone to see. A case in point is the animal movement in the Corbett Tiger Reserve in Uttarakhand. Home to a large population of tigers, the predators are finding it difficult to move from the Corbett Tiger Reserve to the Ramnagar Forest Division, some 20 kilometres from the core forest area. The reason, unregulated eco-tourism along the animal's route.According to a study done in December 2009, 49 tourist resorts exist along the route, popularly referred to as the Kosi River Corridor. And if the number is not good enough, 12 more are coming up soon in the area. The government rest houses around the reserve are not far behind in numbers, a good 30 rest houses are in and around this important Reserve. The area they occupy between themselves is a good 1,228 square kilometres.There is an environment aspect of this mushrooming resorts. The resorts generate air pollution, noise and waste, all equally dangerous for the wildlife. On an average 250 to 300 vehicles operate in the area daily during the peak season which lasts April to June. More than 70 per cent of the resorts in the area organize weddings and parties in the open, and an integral part of those parties are loud music, heavy lighting along with the noise of powerful generators.Add to that the fact that more than 60 per cent of the private resorts do not segregate waste, thereby adding to the pollution level.A major threat to the tigers is also from the poachers who trade in wildlife. So the tiger today has a host of issues staring right at its face for survival. Shrinking habitat, conflict with humans, growing tourist interference are among the most vital. If action is not taken immediately by the policy-makers, the dwindling count of tigers will further worsen, warned wildlife experts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14147146", "title": "Homoeopathic cure for dengue epidemic", "text": "MADURAI: A special homoeopathy medical camp was arranged for the staff of Government Rajaji Hospital (GRH) on Thursday as a preventive measure in fighting dengue. As many as 1,300 hospital staff and nursing students received homoeopathic medicines during the camp. A 15-member team from the Government Homoeopathy College in Tirumangalam consisting of K Senthilkumaran, Professor of Medicine, N Karthikeyan, Professor of Physiology, house surgeons and students distributed medicines to the participants.A Gopalakrishnan, principal of the college said that they have given 'Eupatorium Perfoliatum' globules as a preventive medicine. \"The medicine increases immunity power in the body to fight back infections from fevers including dengue. We prescribe five globules for adults and two for children and they should take the medication once in the morning for consecutive three days,\" he said. \"Even advance stages of dengue can be treated with homoeopathic medicines. However, we don't have sufficient facilities at govt homoeopathy hospitals to treat dengue patients,\" he stated.The camp was held for the hospital staff treating dengue-infected persons and who are prone to get infections. Public associations have also started asking for such homoeopathy camp for the public and the college will hold another camp for the public at Goripalayam Dargah next Wednesday, Gopalakrishnan stated.Edwin Joe, dean of GRH said that the hospital allowed the camp as homoeopathy doctors claimed that there is a preventive medicine available in the stream. \"We don't have vaccinations for dengue in allopathic stream and it is claimed that homoeopathy has preventive medication,\" he said.Meanwhile, dengue control measures were undertaken by the health officials in all the blocks in the district. Deputy director of health, V Shanmugasundaram said that the situation is under control and source reduction works and fogging operations are carried out in all the blocks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14151378", "title": "JCB India opens dealer network in city", "text": "MANGALORE: The booming construction industry in the coast has also seen in growth in construction equipment segment. This has necessitated need for dedicated service and spares outlets.On Friday, JCB India opened its new service dealership in Padil, built by Advaith JCB. The new world class service facilityhas five bay state-of-the-art facility, providing customers one stop solution for Service and spares. The demand for this gauged from the fact that 25 JCB's were delivered to customers on the inaugural day. The facility is authorized dealer for nine districts, namely Dakshina Kannada, Uttara Kannada, Udupi, Hassan, Kodagu, Mysore, Chamarajnagar, Shimoga and Chikmagalur,Company sources said there were 250 JCBs in Mangalore and 1,500 in the nine districts, highlighting the need for an authorised sales, service and spares outlet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "edgbaston", "code": "14150809", "title": "Sania-Shvedova pair suffers defeat at AEGON Classic", "text": "EDGBASTON: Second seeds Sania Mirza and Yaroslava Shvedova made a shock first-round exit from the AEGON Classic with a straight-set defeat against Iveta Benesova and Alla Kudryavtseva.The Indo-Kazakh pair lost 5-7 3-6 to the unseeded Czech-Russian pair in the first round of the Wimbledon build-up tournament.Sania and Shevdova, who won College Park doubles title last year, lost the contest in one hour and two minutes.They dropped their serve twice in each set to lose the match, their first in the grass court season.Sania was playing with a fifth different partner this season. She had teamed up with Elena Vesnina , Roberta Vinci , Bethanie Mattek-Sands and Anastasia Rodionova before.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14150250", "title": "Lesbian, bisexual women at greater abuse risk", "text": "Adult lesbian and bisexual women are more likely to report childhood abuse and adult sexual assault than their heterosexual counterparts, according to a new study .Furthermore, the study by Dr. Keren Lehavot from the VA Puget Sound Health Care System in Seattle , USA and her collaborators revealed that women who are more butch report more abuse in childhood, particularly physical and emotional neglect, while women who identify as femme, and have a more feminine appearance, report more adult sexual assaults.It is yet not fully understood why sexual minority women are at greater risk of being abused both as children and adults compared to heterosexual women.Using data from the Rainbow Women's Project in the US, a national, web-based survey of adult women who identify as lesbian/gay and bisexual, the researchers examined whether reported experiences of childhood abuse and adult sexual assault differed among sexual minority women of varying gender identity (butch, femme, androgynous, or other) and gender expression (more butch/masculine vs. more femme/feminine).A total of 1,243 adult sexual minority women completed an anonymous Internet survey posted on various listservs and website groups. Regarding gender identity, 40 percent of participants identified with the term 'femme' and 15 per cent with the term 'butch'.\"The sexual minority women in our sample reported high rates of childhood abuse and neglect and adult sexual assault. Women who described themselves as more butch reported significantly greater childhood emotional and physical neglect. Those who identified themselves as more femme reported significantly more forced adult sex,\" Dr. Lehavot said.Dr. Lehavot pointed out the identifying the most vulnerable among this group is critical.The researcher also suggested that clinicians and providers working with sexual minorities should consider the role of gender identity and expression in targeted assessments and interventions.The work has published online in Springer's journal, Sex Roles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14144305", "title": "IIT-Kharagpur faculty opposes common test", "text": "KOLKATA: Chinks are finally showing in the armour. Just when it was being thought that IIT Kharagpur (Indian Institute of Technology)was supporting Union human resources development ministry's move to start a common entrance test for the tech schools of the country, faculty representatives from the premier institute reached Delhi to join the team that will meet Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Friday to explain him why the common test would \"systematically kill the IITs as a brand.\"The IITs would seek Singh's intervention in the matter and expect him to stop implementation of the common test.As things stand now, the common test would be a two-tier one. While the first test will be a general one that all aspirants will have to take, an advanced test will also be taken keeping the IITs in mind. IIT Kharagpur, along with other institutes like IIT Kanpur, is opposing the formula of this common test. \"It has been proposed that all aspirants take both the exams. However, only 50,000 from the merit list of the first exam will have their answer scripts for the advanced one checked. Why should you make all the candidates take the advanced exam on the same day knowing fully well that you will not check their papers? This is a mammoth waste of time, energy and money!\" said Prasanta Guha, the faculty member who will represent the IIT Kharagpur at the meeting with PM.The rhetoric at Kharagpur has been against the common test and, gradually, the momentum is picking up. Faculty members are writing to each other and creating a support base against the resolution that was \"forcibly and slyly\" drawn up after the Senate meeting of June 2. The resolution showed assent of the institute as a body towards Kapil Sibal's common test, which faculty members claim was against the common view of the institute. \"We do not support a common test where all candidates will be made to take the so-called advanced exam. Also, this is the first time that the board results will be directly used to draw up the rank of the student. A lot of deliberation is required to find out the difference in standards of different board exams. It would take at least two years for this. We had clearly pointed this out at the Senate meeting and said that a new system can only be initiated from 2014. However, a false resolution was drawn up,\" said an angry faculty member. Faculty members said that they had repeatedly protested as a body at the director's office.\"He had promised to present our view at the IIT Council meeting that is headed by Sibal, but did not do so,\" protested teachers.An e-mail with these complaints has been drawn up by members of the IIT Kharagpur Teachers Association and sent to director Damodar Acharya already. The mail lists all complaints of faculty members.It also demands for calling an emergency Senate meet soon. \"If the director does not do so, the faculty council has the power to do so on its own,\" threatened teachers.Copies of all these e-mails will also be presented to the Prime Minister on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14150728", "title": "Jharkhand cabinet adopts state industrial policy-2012", "text": "RANCHI: The council of ministers that met at the official residence of chief minister Arjun Munda on Thursday gave its nod to the Jharkhand industrial policy-2012 thereby adopting a number of measures to give incentives to the investors in the state, based on their employability and creating a friendly environment to boost industrialization. The new industrial policy that replaces the state industrial policy of 2001 which was applicable till March 31, 2005 and later extended till March 31, 2011.An analysis of the achievements under previous industrial policy reveals that since formation of Jharkhand, total investment in the state was to the tune of Rs 39,481 crore, in which about Rs 30,044 crore was invested by 32 mega industries that functions in the state. The sector however gave employment to 4000 people. Contrary to this, the medium, small and micro industrial sector with small investment of Rs 9400 crores gave employment to 1.48 lakh people in the past 12 years.Taking a lesson from this, the government has decided to give more impetus to medium and small sector industries and keep around 40% of the land resources reserved for the MSME sector. Under the new policy the lease holders would have to give 50% employment in their enterprises to local people from the state. The government also plans to give priority to the industry and establishment that gives more employment over smaller plots of land and further incentivize textile, readymade garment and handicraft industries.For establishment of private industrial estate over a plot measuring minimum 75 acres, the developers have to give away 40% land to micro, small and medium industries. Government has promised to give 50% of the infrastructure cost to a maximum limit of Rs 10 crore as support. Special provisions have been made for skill development. Investment subsidy for the industries other than mega industries has been assured on pollution control, machinery and alternative energy development in the new policy.The meeting was not attended by HRD minister Baijnath Ram who has been demanding removal of Jharkhand academic council chairman Laxmi Choudhary. Council of ministers also agreed to give Rs 20 crore as working capital to the food and beverage corporation and approved appointment of government pleader in Lohardaga and Chatra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14141309", "title": "Aviators\u2019 strike hits oil rig flights", "text": "MUMBAI: Pilots belonging to Pawan Hans Helicopters Ltd went on a flash strike on Thursday as a result of which its passenger operations in places like Andaman Nicobar islands, destinations in the Northeast along with other operations like offshore oil rig flights were hit.Pawan Hans, a government-owned company, operates charter and scheduled helicopter flights across the country, especially in places not accessible by road. \"The management issued a transfer order to the general secretary of the pilots' union without an intimation. It was a punishment posting and the pilots responded with a flash strike,\" said a source from the company. The company spokesperson was not available for comment .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14141733", "title": "Rajasthan has third highest incidents of escape by undertrials: Report", "text": "JAIPUR: Escape from custody by undertrials booked for various criminal cases is rampant in Rajasthan. This was clear from the latest figures for the last five years (2007-2011 ) released by the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB).According to the NCRB figure, Rajasthan comes third in escape by the undertrials after Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh.The incident in which Kailash Jhakar, prime accused in the Bhanwari Devi case, escaped from custody after he left the Jodhpur bench of Rajasthan High Court on Thursday morning has again exposed the fragile system adopted by the jail department and police station concerned wherever the prisoners are being taken for court proceedings.Be it accused booked in murder cases, associated with illegal mining, dacoity or infiltrator in border districts, the cases of escaping of undertrails in Rajasthan are high.As per the statistics of NCRB from 2007 to 2011, Uttar Pradesh tops the list with 417 cases, followed by Madhya Pradesh with 335 cases and Rajasthan 254 cases.Asked about such cases in the state in 2012 so far, Omendra Bhardwaj , director general (jails), said, \"Till the month of June 2012, at least 22 such under trials escaped from the custody of challan guards.\"Just a week ago, six policemen were injured when five fugitives opened fire at them in a bid to escape at Nimbaheda ka bas village in Alwar district. However, four of the wanted criminals managed to flee while one was arrested.The dilly-dallying approach and the probable nexus of policemen and criminals could be attributed to such high number of cases. The incidents happen despite the fact that stern laws are in place for imprisonment up to two years for any public servant who assists or behaves in a negligent manner when criminals escape. Except in a few cases, no action was taken to book the guilty policemen .\"Though Section 223 of the IPC deals with escape from confinement or custody of an undertrial due to the negligence of a public servant, the number of cases in which policemen are booked are less,\" said Sarfaraz Haider Khan, public prosecutor (CBI cases).In most of the cases, the guilty policemen are suspended for a period when people make a hue and cry, Khan said.\"Whenever high profile undertrials are produced in court, we hardly witness ample police security ,\" Khan added.A senior officer with the prison department said, \"Whenever a prisoner is taken for court proceedings, we have the services of two to six armed guards from the police station of the area concerned. Likewise , the police station where the court's jurisdiction falls, has to make special arrangements. But, many a times we did not get ample support from the police.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "kharagpur", "code": "14144229", "title": "Auto rams into lorry, 5 killed", "text": "KHARAGPUR: Five people were killed after an auto collided head on with a lorry at Kharagpur's Pachulia along NH-6. Kharagpur CI Arunava Das said the bodies of the five victims were sent for postmortem.The deceased were identified as driver Barun Gorai (30) and passengers Sheikh Rafik, Balwant Singh, Ali Jami and Sheikh Sahizada. Rafik, Balwant and Jami - all residents of Bankura's Jhanga village - were headed to Motgoda village to shop for a wedding in Jami's family. During the journey , Sahizada proposed that they do the shopping in Kharagpur as things are comparatively cheaper there. But the auto met with an accident.On hearing the news, Barun's brother Arun rushed to Kharagpur sub-divisional hospital. He managed to arrive in time to have a last word with his brother before the latter succumbed to his injuries. Barun narrated the entire episode to his brother on the death bed. Rafik and Balwant are both residents of Haryana and were on a visit to their relative Jami's house in Bankura, said Arun.Five people died when an auto-rickshaw and a lorry collided head on at Pachrulia at Kharagpur along NH-6. It included its driver Barun Gorai, 30, and passengers Sheikh Rafik, Balwant Singh, Ali Jami, 55, and Sheikh Sahizada,60.Rafik and Balwant hail from Haryana and were visiting their relative Jami in Bankura. Barun too lives in Bankura and had picked up Sahizada of Kharagpur. Kharagpur CI Arunava Das said the bodies of the five victims have been sent for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14154243", "title": "East Delhi Municipal Corporation cracks down on illegal dairies", "text": "NEW DELHI: If the BJP ruling party in the East Corporation has its way then anybody can be allowed to keep cows at their homes of East Delhi. In the standing committee meeting of the corporation held on Thursday, the proposal to allow keeping cows was cleared with no hurdles. \"Since cow is holy for many and residents also wants to keep them in their house, hence they should be allowed. Like in other religions, some animals are religious symbols and they are allowed to keep them. So cows also deserve the same treatment,\" said Mehek Singh, chairman, standing committee, East Delhi Municipal Corporation.This move is coming after the high court's strict instruction to crackdown all illegal dairies functioning in the city, especially in East Delhi. \"Ghogha dairy is situated at one corner of the city and it is impossible for dairy owner operating from other parts like Gazipur to shift their base there. 'Stray cattle' on roads is a different issue but allowing cows to be kept as pets is different,\" added Singh.Since April 1, the corporation has cracked down 511 illegal dairies. \"The proposal can only be translated from paper to reality after it seeks clearance from House. But with court orders, we will continue cracking down illegal dairies and impounding cattle,\" said an official of the corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "14152604", "title": "Six SAF countries confirm participation in TT championship", "text": "SHILLONG: Six of the seven South Asian Federation countries have confirmed their participation in the 12th South Asian Federation Junior table-tennis championship scheduled to be held from June 17 to 19.Except for Maldives, all the other countries -- Pakistan, Bangladesh, Nepal, Bhutan and Sri Lanka , besides hosts India -- have confirmed their participation, V K Bawa, Treasurer of the Table Tennis Federation of India, said.Maldives has pulled out from the championship due to financial constraints within the country, the official said.The SAF championship is mandatory for each of these SAF countries to get themselves the ticket to the 17th Asian Junior TT Championship to be held in China from July 11-17, Bawa said.According to the TTFI official, the first and the second placed player in the SAF tournament here would represent their respective countries in the Asian championship in China.A full contingent of 14 junior top paddlers from the country are camping in the city at a national coaching camp organised by the TTFI here to get acclimatised.Indian junior top paddlers like Abhishek Yadav, Reeth Rishya and Lalren Puia are eyeing gold at the event with coaches like Vijay Seshadri Sarthi and Sandeep Gupta training them.Twelve international umpires will be refereeing at the event, the officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14146282", "title": "Tipplers left dispirited as supply falls in Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: Spirit, the eagerly-awaited Malayalam movie starring superstar Mohanlal, hit theatres on Thursday. But if you are planning to have your favourite drink after watching the movie, you would probably leave the bar or the Beverages Corporation (Bevco) outlet in low spirits as most of the popular brands such as Old Cask Rum, Old Port Rum and McDowell's Brandy are in short supply in the state.According to sources, there is a sharp decline in the supply of these cheaper brands in recent months as Bevco is receiving much lesser quantity against their orders from suppliers.In May alone, the supply of various popular brands to Bevco warehouses came down by 15,000 to 20,000 cases compared to the same period last year. The supply has fallen as companies, which are yet to complete the annual registration of various brands with the excise department, are betting on a price revision of these cheaper brands that have low profit margins, according to Bevco officials.The companies have reduced supply in the hope that the government would consider upward revision in the retail prices of these products at the time of brand registration.Brand registration, which is done every year in April, has been delayed because of the two by-elections at Piravom and Neyyattinkara. The process is now expected to be completed in a month's time.\"The supply of fast moving brands such as McDowell's Brandy, Romanov vodka and a few others has fallen over the last one month. Companies have reduced supply demanding price revision, which has not been done for the last five years,\" said Jose Pradeep, working president, Kerala Bar Hotels' Association.However, P Vijayanand, managing director of the Kerala State Beverages Corporation, denied that there has been any short fall in supply in Bevco outlets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14141690", "title": "Corporators raise a stink in civic house over city\u2019s choked drains", "text": "MUMBAI: Storm water drains, known for brining Mumbai to a standstill during the monsoon, brought corporators to loggerheads in the municipal house on Thursday.Trouble started brewing when corporators from the ruling Sena-BJP alliance claimed that the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation ( BMC) had done a sound job of desilting storm water drains. Corporators belonging to the opposition took grave exception to this, arguing to the contrary.The argument became so heated that senior Congress corporator Pravin Chheda allegedly hurled a mobile phone at BJP members, incidentally his former friends. The matter was sparked off when Congress corporator Waqarunnisa Ansari took a dig at BJP group leader Dilip Patel about the condition of storm water drains in his constituency. Patel warned Ansari not to pass such comments. He told Ansari to remain quiet while others were speaking and wait for her turn, reminding her about a 1999 incident when a group of Shiv Sena women corporators had attacked her in the civic house. \"Even we can answer bricks with stones,\" Patel said, reacting to Ansari's taunt.Immediately, Chheda and other corporators stood up and protest against what they dubbed the use of \"unconstitutional language\" in the house. Later, Chheda said, \"No one, especially a senior corporator, should use unconstitutional language in the house. They should know better. Bad language cannot be expected and thus we raised a point of order.\"But Sena-BJP corporators said that Chheda was not innocent either and he hurled a mobile phone at them. In response, a corporator, who did not want to be named, said, \"Some corporators from the BJP kept swinging the ceiling mike at Pravin. After some time, he lost his cool and threw a mobile phone at them.\"Mayor Sunil Prabhu was forced to adjourn the house for 10 minutes. \"The discussion was on storm water drains and should not be taken lightly. All corporators must behave in an orderly fashion in the house,\" he said. Opposition leader Dynanraj Nikam said the civic administration's claim of cleaning 96% drains was false. \"Contractors are not listening to local corporators and civic officials have no control on them. The administration claim that the work has been completed is not true. At many places, work has not even started.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14145673", "title": "Boy does city proud, passes olympiad third time in row in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: City lad, Pritish Patil, a student of V N Naik College, has made a hattrick by passing the International Biology Olympiad (IBO) for the third consecutive time.Pritish, who secured 80% in his Std XII (science) board exams held in February-March 2012, is one of the four students from the country to pass the exam and will be representing the nation at the 23rd International Biology Olympiad 2012 in Singapaore from July 8 to 15. Three other students-Apeksha Mittal from Jaipur, Deepa Jain from Bangalore and Sharvil Thatte from Indore- have been selected to represent India at the Olympiad.Around 11,000 students from across the nation had registered for the first level exam by the Association of Teachers in Biological Sciences and 314 had registered for the second level by the Indian National Biology Olympiad. Out of these 314, 35 were selected to participate in the orientation cum selection camp for the International Biology Olympiad at Homi Bhabha Centre for Science Education, which is the nodal agency to select and train students for the Biology Olympiad. It was held from June 4 to13.Unlike the other students, Pritish has decided to pursue pure science and aspires to be a scientist. \"I have taken admission in the Bachelor of Science (BS) course in the Indian Institute of Science in Bangalore and will be specializing in biology or chemistry,\" said Pritish.His parents, Leena and Laxmikant Patil, have been supportive of his decision. \"There is scope for research in many fields of science and very few pursue it. Unless there is specific need of research in a subject that is not available in India, Pritish will be completing his entire education in India,\" said Laxmikant Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14141711", "title": "Relatives file FIR against doctors after woman dies", "text": "JAIPUR: An FIR was registered on Thursday against the doctors of a private hospital on Shipra Path when a Pakistan-based woman died while undergoing treatment here, police said. The family members of the woman staged a demonstration and shouted slogans.According to the police, Basanti Devi (37) had been living in Shipra Path area since 2002. \"She had migrated from Pakistan and had applied to the Indian government for citizenship. However, her application was yet to be accepted ,\" said Sukhdev Singh Jangir, ACP, Mansarovar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14141763", "title": "Elderly couple brutally killed by robbers in Dausa", "text": "JAIPUR: An elderly couple was brutally murdered by armed robbers who barged into their house at Ugrapura village in Dausa district on Thursday morning. They escaped with the couple's silver and gold jewellery.The incident came to light when the villagers spotted bloodstained bodies of the couple on Thursday morning.Police said the victims, Nanak Ram (70) and his wife Paroo Devi (65), were sleeping in the courtyard. \"It appears that at least six armed assailants with sharp-edged weapons barged into the house and attacked the couple ,\" said an officer.Police termed it a brutal murder as serious injury marks were found on the ears of the man and legs of the woman. \"It seems that the couple had initially shown resistance after which the robbers inflicted grave injuries on these parts,\" said an officer.\"The robbers were quite brutal . The modus operandi suggested that some Bawaria gang is behind the murder,\" the officer said. The robbed ornaments included silver bangles which are usually worn on the leg by rural women, gold and silver ear rings. Police have rounded up some members of the Bawaria gang who were involved in such cases earlier. \"We are working on some clues and hopefully will crack the case,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14144028", "title": "Goa seeks centre's nod for national highway widening", "text": "PANAJI: The state government has requested the central government to allow it to undertake a contentious project-widening of both national highways in Goa. Indications are that the centre may allow Goa to complete even the incomplete portion of the NH 17-B from Varunapuri to the Sada junction in Vasco.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar confirmed to TOI that he has written to the centre asking that Goa be allowed to undertake the four-laning of NH 17 (Patradevi to Pollem) and the NH 4-A (Panaji to Karnataka border). Parrikar said that negotiations with the central government are at an advanced stage and that he expected a positive decision as early as July.Asked for details, Parrikar said he has submitted two proposals to the centre. One proposal is where the centre will treat Goa as if it were a private contractor who is allowed to charge toll and is given gap funding.\"In this, the centre will give Goa whatever is given to a private contractor,\" Parrikar said.He explained that in the other proposal, the state and centre will share the cost on a 60:40 basis. Goa will bear 60% of the cost of the project and the centre will bear 40% cost. In this, the centre will pay for the shifting of utilities like electricity lines, water supply pipes, etc and also the cost of land acquisition.PWD minister Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar also said that the central government is likely to give its \"NOC\" within 20 days. Dhavalikar said that once the NOC is obtained, PWD will concentrate on bridges first. While the topmost priority is for a new bridge on river Zuari, Dhavalikar listed the two bridges at Talpona and Galgibaga as second on the list. Dhavalikar said the cost of the project is not assessed yet but \"once we get the NOC, we will float a tender for a detailed project report\".The government's priority for bridges is probably because the chief minister, in his budget speech, has assured a new Zuari bridge within 36 months.Government sources said that during a recent meeting of a Goan delegation led by Dhavalikar with officials of the national highway authority of India (NHAI), the latter were favourable to the idea of Goa also undertaking the completion of the incomplete portion of the 4-lane NH 17-B-from Varunapuri near Dabolim airport to Sada junction in Mormugao.The reason for this attitude of NHAI is because it feels that the Goa government will be better able to handle the problems of public opposition to these projects.Sources said that the 18.3km long NH 17-B is complete except for a 5.2km stretch between Varunapuri and Sada junction. This also involves the construction of a 1km long flyover alongside Baina beach. Goa's proposal is that while NHAI will pay for the 4-lane road, which it left incomplete due to public problems, the state will pay for the construction of the flyover. It is estimated to cost about Rs 140-crore.Sources said NHAI has agreed in principle to the proposal but the final nod has to come from the ministry of road transport and highways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "14144607", "title": "Sri Lanka to go ahead with SLPL with or without Indian players", "text": "COLOMBO: The Sri Lanka Premier League would go ahead as planned even without non participation of Indian players, Sri Lankan Cricket secretary said on Friday.\"We will go ahead with the tournament with or without Indian players,\" SLC secretary Nishantha Ranatunga told reporters.Ranatunga, however, said that SLC had not been officially told that Indian players would not take part in SLPL.Ranatunga was responding to Indian media reports which quoted BCCI officials as saying that the Indian players would not be taking part in SLPL due to a crammed schedule.The SLPL is being scheduled for August ahead of the Twenty20 World Cup in Sri Lanka in September-October.The SLPL was last year cancelled due to non-participation of the Indian players.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14142917", "title": "APJ Abdul Kalam in Patna, received by Nitish Kumar", "text": "PATNA: APJ Abdul Kalam, who has been backed by Trinamool Congress and Samajwadi Party for Presidential race, arrived in Patna on Thursday on a scheduled visit and was welcomed by Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar at the airport.Kumar's receiving Kalam at the airport assumes significance in the backdrop of TMC and SP rooting for his candidature for the post of President.Abdul Kalam will attend two separate functions in the city tomorrow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14147516", "title": "Chris Brown posts pic of face injury after bar brawl", "text": "Chris Brown posted a bloody photograph of himself on his Instagram account after a rumoured brawl with Rihanna's other former boyfriend Drake.Brown's picture came with a caption that suggested that he'd been in a clash that involved bottles and soon rumours of a bloody nightclub brawl with rapper and fellow ex-boyfriend of Rihanna, Drake hit the internet.\"Bottles? It's nothing! Lol,\" the Mirror quoted the 23-year-old rapper as writing as a caption.The singer posted the picture after spending the night at Greenhouse club (although others say there were at WIP) in New York, for the birthday of some music industry chap.Drake - who has been dating Rihanna on and off for the past year - was also at the party and previously has had beef with the hip hop artist, with the pair bitching about each other in the press over the last year or so.According to Mediatakeout.com, Brown decided to send a bottle of champers over to Drake's table as a peace offering.However, it is claimed that Drake sent it back to Chris, along with the note, \"I'm f****** the love of your life, deal with it.\"At this point, Brown apparently went over and did a few swear words before Drake allegedly hit him... with a bottle.Other reports have claimed that rapper Meek Mill was involved and that he was the one who attacked Brown, not Drake.\"It wasn't me.... (shaggy voice) lol,\" Mill wrote on Twitter.According to sources, the bust up was over within seconds and Drake left with his entourage while Brown took himself off to hospital to get this gaping wound stitched up. (ANI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14143960", "title": "Labourer found murdered in Hadapsar", "text": "PUNE: A 52-year-old labourer was found bludgeoned to death at Hadapsar on Thursday morning. Police are yet to ascertain the reason behind the murder.The deceased was identified as Tanaji Gaikwad of Phursungi, said D R Madane, sub-inspector with the Hadapsar police. \"Gaikwad was working as a labourer,\" Madane said.The incident came to light around 10am, when some people noticed a body near a well in the Laxmi colony area of Hadapsar, police said.\"When police reached the spot, they found that Gaikwad was bludgeoned to death with a big stone,\" Madane said.Gaikwad's nephew Ankush Gaikwad (23) has lodged a complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14145641", "title": "TNEB pulls the plug on Spencer Plaza", "text": "CHENNAI: Once a must-go for most Chennaiites, for shopping or to chill out, Spencer Plaza was deserted on Thursday. The city's oldest shopping mall was without power. Supply was cut by the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board as the Plaza Maintenance and Services Limited (PMSL), which maintains the mall on Anna Salai, had not paid penalty charges and cross-subsidy charges.Around 9am, shop owners and employees of offices in the centrally air-conditioned complex were surprised when a message over the PA system informed them power supply would remain suspended for the next 48 hours. Some of them were outraged. \"The TNEB should have informed us in advance to help us make alternative arrangements. It's unjust,\" said G Suresh Rajan, a shop owner.Everyday, about 20,000 consumers flock to the plaza, while with the number rises to 40,000 on weekends and to 60,000 on festival days. At least 20,000 bikes ride into the parking lot on weekends. On Thursday, just 100 parking tickets for bikes were sold. \"Shops are open but without power. It is difficult to spend more than five minutes in a shop because the mall does not have ventilation,\" said K Sangeetha, a college student.To compensate the power lost due to excessive use, the plaza will now get 296.1KV from HT-1 and 194.52KV from HT-2 against the sanctioned 2,961.1 KV from HT-1 and 1,945.2 KV from HT-2 per day. PMSL gets power from the Madras Aluminium Company Ltd (MALCO) power plant that from TNEB. At present, the TNEB charges Rs 6.10 per unit for commercial connection.The eight-storey mall, which sprawls over 10 acres and can accommodate 800 cars, has 480 shops and 15 offices. The three-phase complex includes six lakh sq ft of air-conditioned space for shops and four lakh sq ft for offices. \"All business transactions of offices and shops that operate as travel agencies were stalled. We have a generator as a back-up but power from it can be supplied only for 12 hours,\" said Ronja Quazi, owner of Mangal Tirth Estate Limited that developed the mall in January 1993.Officials in the TNEB said penalty and cross-subsidy charges for excess power consumption run into a few lakh of rupees. Earlier, the PMSL had moved the Madras high court saying the charges were exorbitant and got a stay order. The \"TNEB want us to withdraw the cases pending in court and get a no-objection certificate from it before it can resume power supply to the plaza,\" said a PMSL official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14145369", "title": "It\u2019s the 100th day celebration for Karnan", "text": "The Chevalier Sivaji Ganesan starrer 'Karnan', which was released in 1964 was technically updated and re-released on March 16, 2012.The latest version with digital enhancements and restored audio has been running to packed houses at 72 centres, including Chennai, Tiruchi, Coimbatore, Tirunelveli and Nageroil. With the re-release to have gained momentum on the classic, 'Karnan' will be celebrating its 100th day on June 23.The new version was released by Shanti Chockalingam of Divya Films with a rework at the cost of 40 lakhs which took a period of three years by a team of fans of Nadigar Thilagam. The original audio and video were restored with improvisation on colours and sound effects, yet retaining the aesthetic quality of the original.Nadigar Thilagam Sivaji Ganesan played the role of Karnan and actress Sandhya, mother of Chief Minister Jayalalitha acted as the mother of Karnan. The film also had Savithri, NT Ramarao, SA Asokan, Muthuraman, Devika in supporting roles. The Karnan team has planned to invite Chief Minister Jayalalitha for the 100th day celebrations on June 23 organised in honour of her mother Sandhya. Other prominent members of the Karnan crew will also be felicitated.Source: cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14143841", "title": "Andhra bypolls: Jagan's YSR Congress leading in 15 assembly seats", "text": "HYDERABAD: YSR Congress Party candidates were leading in at least 15 of the 18 Assembly constituencies where bypolls were held, as per the initial trends in counting of votes.In Kadapa district, the Lok Sabha constituency of YRS Congress chief Jaganmohan Reddy, who is in jail in connection with a disproportionate assets case, the YSRCP nominees were leading in all the three assembly seats of Rayachoti, Rajampet and Koduru by impressive margins over their nearest rivals.They were leading by 3,800 votes, 2,771 votes and 1,971 in Rayachoti, Rajampet and Koduru, respectively.In Visakhapatnam district, YSRCP candidate was leading in the Payakaraopet Assembly segment by 1,100 votes after first round.In Narasannapet segment in Srikakulam district, YSRCP was leading by six rounds after completion of third round.The YSRCP nominees were also leading in Narasapuram, Polavaram (ST), Prathipadu (SC), Macherla seats.A keen contest was on between YSRCP candidates and their nearest Congress rivals in Tirupati, Narsapuram, Ramachandrapuram with lead positions changing frequently.In Ramachandrapuram constituency, the YSR Congress party candiate was leading by 447 votes over his nearest Congress rival after completion of the first round counting.In Parkal Assembly segment, the sole seat in Telangana region where bye-election was held, TRS candidate Bikshapati was leading by 955 votes after first round.In Rajahmundry, the Congress candidate was leading over the YSR Congress candidate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14152589", "title": "Handloom store at Salar Jung", "text": "HYDERABAD: After New Delhi and Chennai, the Handlooms and Handcrafts Exports Corporation of India has now set foot on Nizami land. The corporation that has a whopping annual turnover of Rs 5,000 crore, on Thursday opened a swank store at Hyderabad's iconic Salar Jung Museum. The inauguration coincided with the 123rd birth anniversary celebrations of Salar Jung III that are currently underway at the museum. The celebrations will continue for a week.Much like its other two stores, the corporation's outlet in Hyderabad too is expected to have an expansive collection of artefacts- right from Kashmir to Kanyakumari- apart from fabrics and handloom sarees from various Indian towns and art destinations.\"About 30 per cent of the stock will still comprise souvenirs specific of the museum like the veiled Rebecca or the double-figure wood sculpture. We will also have jewellery designed in the Nizami style for sale,\" said Zakir Hussain, board member of the museum. Spread over an area of 2,500 square feet, the revamped store is expected to net a turnover of as much as Rs 2 crore per annum. \"We are confident that the collections will soon soar to Rs 5 crore,\" Hussain added.Apart from selling to locals and tourists visiting the historic monument, the corporation will also be exporting its artefacts from the Hyderabad outlet to various overseas markets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14141521", "title": "Rental housing FSI may be lowered to 3", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government's affordable rental housing scheme may get an FSI of three instead of four for projects that will come up within municipal limits if the latest recommendation by a committee implemented. This will make the projects low-rise and easier to maintain.The committee, comprising Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority(MMRDA) commissioner Rahul Asthana, urban development department secretary Thomas Benjamin and principal secretary (housing) Gautam Chatterjee, has also recommended an FSI of one in Urban 1 and Urban 2 zones, which fall in areas being developed as growth centres by the MMRDA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "14136129", "title": "Bhanwari case accused flees after court shootout", "text": "JODHPUR: In a sensational escape, Kailash Jakhar, a key accused in the high profile government nurse Bhanwari Devi murder case, slipped out of the hands of the police while his accomplices fired at cops in the Rajasthan high court premises on Thursday. Several rounds were fired from both sides, but, curiously, no one was hurt. And despite an attempt to free the accused three months ago, there wasn't adequate security or pre-emption on part of the Rajasthan Police.While Jakhar escaped, the police did foil attackers' bid to run away with the second accused, Bishna Ram Bishnoi. Police had brought them for routine hearing from Jodhpur Central jail. Sacked Rajasthan minister Mahipal Maderna and Congress MLA from Luni Malkhan Singh Bishnoi are among the main accused apart from 16 others that include the alleged killers, Shahabuddin, Sohan Lal and Baldev Jat, in the shocking murder case.Jakhar and Bishnoi are charged by the CBI with burning the nurse's corpse and dumping the remains in a canal near Jaloda village. In their last attempt to secure their release, a few men had rammed their vehicle into Lohawat police station building where Jakhar and Bishnoi were in custody. The police had foiled the attempt and arrested three people then.\"Around 15 gang members of Bishnoi and Jakhar fired at the police to free the under-trials. Jakhar was in a Bolero outside the court, but a policeman took away its key,\" said Jodhpur police commissioner Bhupendra Kumar Dak. \"This forced Jakhar to rush to another vehicle. There was panic and all ran from the spot in two other vehicles parked at the court's entrance. Bishnoi was caught and taken to jail,\" Dak added.Police managed to nab one Hanumana Ram Bishnoi of the gang and he is being questioned. They also recovered a Bolero and a Scorpio used in the getaway from a check post.The shootout created an atmosphere of terror in the court. Litigants and advocates ran for cover as bullets whizzed. \"The fleeing attackers tried their best to get Bishnoi as well, firing at the feet of cops holding him, but they did not succeed,\" said Dak.The CBI had to sweat it out to arrest Jakhar and Bishnoi. After searching for them for months, the two were arrested on January 4 this year. The escape is likely to adversely impact the Bhanwari Devi murder trial. The government nurse was kidnapped on September 1 last year and killed a few weeks later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14141508", "title": "BEST union drive to curb mishaps", "text": "MUMBAI: The BEST Workers' Union plans to put up signboards outside 25 bus depots in Mumbai displaying the accident rate of buses and names of drivers who have a \"zero accident\" record.Through the initiative, the union hopes to instill discipline in drivers and curb accidents and road rage.\"We will reward and give incentives to drivers who have a good record and conductors who maximize revenue. We will try to minimize electricity distribution losses in the island city,\" said union general secretary Sharad Rao. According to a BEST committee member, four persons were killed in 140 accidents involving buses in the last two months.\"Camps have been organized at 22 depots to sensitize BEST drivers,\" he added.An inquiry has been ordered against two bus drivers who allegedly kidnapped and assaulted an auto driver in Goregaon recently. Both drivers belong to Rao's union and may be suspended if found guilty. A campaign to reduce absenteeism was launched on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14151807", "title": "Residential markets redefining luxury", "text": "BANGALORE: The luxury residential market in India is scaling new heights as developers redefine luxury. Concierge services that offer high-networth homebuyers a bespoke lifestyle experience is the latest trend in this market segment.Quintessentially Lifestyle, a global concierge service company, which has tied up with developers such as Nitesh Estates, Embassy, DLF and Lodha, provides bespoke services that ensure 'your every wish is their command'.A member of Quintessentially India wanted a specific cricket bat for his son's birthday from the United Kingdom . The concierge service delivered the bat within 40 hours. Another member from India wanted Japanese puppies of the breed `Shiba Inu', similar to the one in the Richard Gere film Hachiko. The puppies were bought in Japan and flown in to India.A family in Delhi fancied Amritsari puri-aloo for brunch on a Sunday, for which the concierge service organized cooks from Amritsar to come to Delhi and cook up a brunch for four.One member requested for a DVD of an international award-winning documentary that was not on sale in the market. The concierge service contacted the filmmaker, got the filmmaker to convert the film into DVD and delivered it to the member.\"From finding schools to seeking admissions, to shopping for you as well as arranging health checkups and doctor appointments, concierge services offer a host of benefits to homebuyers, which is why the concept has become an important element in the luxury real estate market,\" says Nitesh Shetty, CMD, Nitesh Estates. The Bangalore-based developer offers concierge services at four of its luxury residential properties coming up in Goa and Bangalore.\"In the highly competitive environment of luxury housing, developers have to employ all means available to them to differentiate their projects. Apart from superior project specifications they also have to offer lifestyle-enhancing amenities,\" says Om Ahuja, CEO of residential services in real estate consultancy Jones Lang LaSalle India.The annual membership fee that concierge services charge in India varies from Rs 80,000 to Rs 20 lakh depending on the kind of lifestyle services individuals desire. Services rendered like the ones mentioned earlier attract additional charges that can run into lakhs of rupees. Membership is not restricted to corporate tie-ups like in the case with developers. Anyone who has the money and desires a bespoke lifestyle can become a member.Mishti Bose, Group CEO, Quintessentially Lifestyle India, says developers buy the membership in bulk for a period of one year, but the renewal structure varies from developer to developer. While some developers renew the membership for a fixed period, in other cases homebuyers themselves have to do the renewal after a year. Launched in India in 2010, Quintessentially Lifestyle has a member base of 2,000.Jitendra Virwani, CMD, Embassy Group, which has launched three luxury residential projects in Bangalore all of which have a concierge service facility, says they buy a one-year membership, which they offer complimentary to their homebuyers. \"The renewal of the membership is left to the discretion of the homebuyer,\" he says. With the help of a concierge service, Virwani has managed to bag tickets to the finals of some of the events at the upcoming London Olympics.Nitesh Estates is working out a model whereby homebuyers would be entitled to a free lifetime membership at a concierge service company. \"We hope to launch it at one of our super premium luxury developments in Bangalore,\" says Shetty.Concierge services have-- Arranged for a private dinner for a member with the Dalai Lama.-- Arranged for two people to climb the Sydney Opera House and watch the fireworks from the top of the sails at midnight on New Year's Eve.-- Closed the Sydney Harbour Bridge for a private climb so a member could propose to his partner-- Delivered a metal detector up the French Alps, for a member who had lost his house keys in the snow-- Arranged a full mock Vogue shoot for a member's daughter's 15th birthday, which included a full professional team of make-up artists, hair-dressers and photographers and mock ups of the photos as if they were the cover of Vogue magazine-- Arranged a party for 300 people at the Pyramids in Egypt-- Sourced a pet jelly fish for a member's home-- Organised an epic, action-packed Indiana Jones-style adventure in Jordan which involved training by ex-MI6 agents with missions including uncovering hidden treasures in the desert, rescuing hostages in densely populated market places, off-road desert driving, as well as private access to the ruins of Petra and camping in the Wadi Rum", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14136087", "title": "Congress OBC lobby blocks govt move to raise bar for 'creamy layer' reservations", "text": "NEW DELHI: The OBC lobby within Congress blocked the government proposal to enhance 'creamy layer' for reservations to Rs 6 lakh, protesting it was on the lower side. The resistance prompted Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to refer the issue for consultations.The fresh look may be handed over to a group of ministers (GoM) or be done by social justice ministry that had moved the Cabinet note. Revised every four years, the 'creamy layer' represents the income ceiling that bars OBCs earning higher from availing reservations in jobs and education.Sources said the Cabinet erupted in dissent when the proposal came up for discussion. The social justice ministry had proposed to hike the 'creamy' layer from an annual salary of Rs 4.5 lakh to Rs 6 lakh.Three key cabinet ministers from the Congress stable, led by minister of state in the PMO V Narayanasamy, objected to the meagre hike. They felt the salary bracket to exclude beneficiaries from quota benefits should be pegged at Rs 7 lakh at least.The higher the salary bar, the more people would be able to tap the quota regime. And OBC satraps have long been resentful of the 'creamy' layer being pegged lower.What riled them, sources said, was that social justice ministry's \"uniform Rs 6 lakh salary bar\" contrasted starkly with National Commission for Backward Classes' (NCBC) recommendation of pegging it at Rs 12 lakh.In fact, it had asked the government to have separate levels for rural (Rs 9 lakh) and urban areas (Rs 12 lakh).Sources said, besides Narayansamy, corporate affairs minister Veerappa Moily and overseas Indian affairs minister Vyalar Ravi sought a relook at Rs 6 lakh ceiling.They felt the ceiling did not factor in the currency devaluation/inflation since the last time it was revised to Rs 4.5 lakh, and felt the issue could be seen by National Commission for Backward Classes (NCBC)again. The issues of consultation with states were also raised.The 'creamy' layer was introduced at Rs 1 lakh in 1993, and was revised to Rs 2.5 lakh in 2004 and Rs 4.5 lakh in 2008.Contrary to NCBC's activist suggestion of 12 lakh creamy layer, the ministry seems to have been deterred by the opposition that such a huge hike may invite. While there can be judicial challenge, the non-reserved classes feel if the rich among OBCs can get quota, reservations should be extended to poor among upper castes.The backward panel, headed by M N Rao, argued that affirmative action revolves around social discrimination and economic advancement alone could not determine social advancement. Quoting Supreme Court judgments on the 'creamy' layer, he said the basis of exclusion (from quotas) could be economic only if financial advancement was high enough to translate into social progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14141827", "title": "\u2018There\u2019s a seat for every student\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Online junior college admissions have already begun and, once again, the anxiety levels of students have reached new heights. To top it, fewer high scorers and the oncepraised Best-5 policy did little to boost the results of state board students.Colleges and education officials, though, told TOI on Thursday that the students' fears are completely misplaced, considering that more than 2.7 lakh junior college seats are up for admissions this time round. \"Every year, students worry they will not make it through to a college at all and once the admission process is over, thousands of seats go vacant. We have more seats than last year, so students have nothing to worry,\" said a senior official from the deputy director of education (schools) office. Last year, close to 1.3 lakh seats were left vacant after online admissions got over\u2014 some in toprung institutes.With admissions to bifocal courses being pushed offline after the online admissions, students have got more online seats this year. \"Students will definitely get through to a college of their choice, provided they apply tocolleges according to their percentage. Problem arises when students tend to be overambitious and apply to colleges with high cut-offs and then blame this on the 'faulty' system,\" added the official. This year, even though there's been a marginal increase in the number of junior college seats, those for online admissions have increased.\"The first merit list always looks very unrealistic, especially because toppers apply to all top colleges,\" said Marie Fernandes, principal of St Andrew's College in Bandra West. She added that every year, most colleges face a dearth of students applying for Arts. \"Students fail to understand that they can get a headway when it comes to self-financed courses during degree admissions. All courses have seats reserved for students from all three streams.\"Some colleges reduced their seats in the management quota and converted them into open category seats. \"This gives more opportunity in the general category,\" said a principal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14140365", "title": "HC seeks probe report on doctor\u2019s acquittal", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court has called for the inquiry report into the case where a Solapur doctor, accused of conducting sex determination tests and not maintaining records, was let off in default after the additional public prosecutor (APP) remained absent during hearing of an appeal.A division bench of Justices Sharad Bobde and Mridula Bhatkar was hearing a public interest litigation filed by activist Prakash Pise urging the court to direct action against APP Madhusudan Sadafule. A magistrate on May 24, 2007, directed issue of process to begin trial against Dr Manashi Shaha under the Pre-conception and Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques (Prohibition) Act. On May 30, 2009, the additional session judge quashed and set it aside the magistrate's order while hearing Shaha's appeal. The judge noted that the \"APP did not turn up for argument or even file application for adjournment'' and even calls to him were in vain.On what action had been taken against Sadafule for his \"alleged misdeeds'', additional government pleader Aruna Pai said no work was being assigned to him until further orders. She said an inquiry ordered was completed and the report would be placed before the high-power committee, principal secretary (law and judiciary) and advocate-general for making appropriate recommendations. \"They are yet to meet,'' said Pai.The judges said disciplinary action has to be taken as the matter could not be allowed to go to the extent of acquittal by default because of the APP's conduct. \"It will create suspicion in minds. We'll not allow it. Who appoints such advocates? We don't know,'' said Justice Bobde.Sadafule was present in court. His advocate said Sadafule appears in PCPNDT matters but he was told not to appear in this matter by the government pleader and he returned the brief. \"Do you have a duty or not?\" asked Justice Bobde. On whether there was any communication in writing, his advocate replied in the negative. \"Show us contemporary information that you were told not to appear,'' said Justice Bobde. The judges said there was a procedure for returning briefs. \"This appears very mysterious to us. Somebody or the other is responsible for this default acquittal and asked to put blame,\" said the judge.The judges directed the inquiry report to be placed at the next nearing on June 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "14144038", "title": "Ponda woman hurt in bus mishap", "text": "Ponda: Sumati Durbhatkar, 60, from Keri in Ponda taluka, was hurt when a mini-bus knocked her down at the old bus stand, Ponda, on Monday evening.The driver drove his vehicle in a rash and negligent manner, while proceeding from Ponda to Farmagudi, and when he reached the old bus stand, dashed against the victim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14144371", "title": "Legislators to adopt 5 HIV+ kids each", "text": "BANGALORE: Medical education minister A Ramdas on Wednesday said 300 legislators will adopt HIV-positive children at the next legislature session in Belgaum.Inaugurating a project 'Differ - Sexual and Reproductive Health' and releasing 'Me, Myself, and My Gender', a documentary film on male sex workers, he said: \"Fourteen MLAs have already adopted five HIV infected children each, and during the next session in Belgaum, all 300 MLAs are expected to adopt five children each. The government has already earmarked Rs 1crore for research on AIDS. The Central Food Technologies Research Institute has come forward to provide nutritious food for needy HIV infected children. We are working that out.''The documentary, by Maya Jaideep and Vasuki KG, is based on research done by the community on a joint project by Mysore-based Ashodaya Samiti and Manitoba University in Canada , and deals with lives of male sex workers in Mysore, Belgaum and Bellary districts. It documents their conflict and celebrations, including their fight against stigma and discrimination..Earlier, chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda said the number of AIDS patients in the state has declined from 1.5% to 0.7%, and there is a need for more sexual awareness in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14144057", "title": "State government to set up a helpline to guide on health issues", "text": "BANGALORE: From suicidal tendencies to depression due to marital discord to all health-related issues--- here is help at hand. All you have to do is call 104. The state government will set up this helpline in a couple of months.Modelled on 108 ambulance service, the cabinet meeting on Thursday approved the scheme, where 104 helpline will also provide all kinds of medical consultation over phone to the people in need.The scheme called Health Information Helpline (HiHL) is hugely popular in neighbouring Andhra Pradesh. Information relating to health services both in government and private facilities, details of hospitals including their location, working hours, medical facilities, diagnostic centres and their testing facilities, pharmacies, drug availability, banned drugs, nearest blood banks, blood availability (various groups), donors lists and contact details and information on public health programmes will be made available under the health directory and information service.The callers can report an unusual occurrence of illness or outbreak of any sudden disease and information relating to flood and other natural calamities. The callers can also report on discrepancies in health systems, complaints relating to deficiency of services, negligence, suggestions to improve the system.HOW IT WORKSThe calls would be screened first. After ascertaining the caller's health condition, the case would be classified as critical, serious or stable. Trained medical and para-medical staff will attend callers (patients) over telephone and preliminary diagnosis based on patient's symptoms, advice regarding measures to be taken for minor ailments will be given. The experts will suggest counter drugs like paracetamol, aspirin, antacid preparations, skin ointments among others and also refer cases to specialists.Under medical and health counselling services, medical officers will direct the callers to qualified counsellors to handle conditions like suicidal tendencies, depression, physiological distress, chronic diseases, HIV/AIDS , matrimonial discord.PRESCRIPTION VIA SMSDoctors in the HiHL call centre will send prescription of drugs to the patients through SMS in respect of over-the-counter drugs. A government order will be issued to treat the SMS as prescription and provide the drugs.CAPACITYHiHL call centre will have a capacity of 100 seaters, is expected to function in three shifts and handle about 1,200 calls a day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "ahemdabad", "code": "14148504", "title": "Pinnacle stolen to fund drug addiction", "text": "AHEMDABAD: The Ahmedabad Police has arrested a youth who was only involved in stealing Pinnacles from the temples. And this he was doing to fund his drug addiction. The Ghatlodia police arrested a youth who for the last three years was only arrested pinnacle made of brass from the domes of the temples.Police said that the youth who was arrested identified himself as Aashish Ninama. The modus operandi of the youth was too simple, he would venture out on a paddle rickshaw loaded with gunny bags. After carrying out the theft, he would hide them between these bags.Police said even if he was stopped during the checking seeing waste inside the gunny bags, the police would allow him to go. Officials said that during regular patrolling the police got the tip off how a person was involved in theft of such brass parts from the temple.As per the information, Aashish came on his paddle rickshaw and on searching the rickshaw the police recovered several brass parts which he used to steal from temple. During interrogation, Ashish said that he was into stealing for the last three years as he was addicted to brown sugar and to purchase the same he needed money. This drove him to theft.The police has arrested him and was further investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14136957", "title": "Presidential polls: Bengal Cong and TMC stare at a split", "text": "KOLKATA: The West Bengal Pradesh Congress Committee is on warpath with the Trinamool Congress and it won't mind parting ways with it after the spat between UPA leaders and Trinamool chief Mamata Banerjee over Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee's proposed nomination for president.\"We don't mind if there is a split,\" said PCC general secretary Om Prakash Misra here on Thursday. The issue of separation was discussed in political circles here. PCC president Pradip Bhattacharya told a TV channel that the question will be addressed by the high command. \"It will have to be a policy decision. Personally, I think no purpose is served by the participation of Congress in this government,\" he said.What's more likely, however, is that the assembly session that would resume on Friday would be stormy, with Congress members becoming more vocal in criticizing the government. \"We've so far been silent but from now on our members will be vocal,\" Bhattacharya said.Misra felt Mamata had tried to \"sabotage\" the selection of the candidate for President initiated by Congress by disclosing the two names under consideration to the media on Wednesday. \"What should have been a private conversation between two leaders has been leaked out. Sonia Gandhi wanted to finalize the name of the candidate for the post after consultations with all the UPA partners. Congress will never announce two names, it will announce one name,\" Misra said.WBPCC is supporting Pranab's candidature for president. \"We have already extended formal support to Pranab Mukherjee. We believe he is senior and experienced, fit to be the next President,\" he said.There could even be realignment of political equations in the state, with PCC coming closer to the Left Front, Congress leaders indicated. Mamata herself had precipitated this by what Congress saw as \"betrayal\" in the presidential election issue. The political situation in the country had changed, too, compared to what it was before the 2009 Lok Sabha polls, they said.Trinamool minister Subrata Mukherjee said Mamata did not oppose Pranab's candidature because of personal dislike. \"Her decision is guided by the interest of the state and the country,\" he said. But Trinamool isn't overawed if Congress breaks the alliance. \"Congress is free to forge links with CPM,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "14145321", "title": "CPM defeats Congress to retain Nalchar assembly seat in Tripura", "text": "AGARTALA: The ruling CPI(M) in Tripura has retained the Nalchar assembly seat in Sipahijala district with its candidate defeating the Congress rival by 4777 votes.CPI(M) candidate Tapan Chandra Das secured 18001 votes while his nearest rival from opposition Congress Dwijendralal Majumder got 13,224 votes in the bypoll which was held on June 12.The seat fell vacant following the death of ruling CPI-M, MLA, Sukumar Burman on March 10.Record 95.93 per cent votes were polled in the Nalchar assembly by-poll held on June 12.The Nalchar assembly constituency was won six times by the CPI-M and two times by the Congress since Tripura was elevated to the status of a full-fledged state in February 1972.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14144274", "title": "Here, schools got no bins or toilets", "text": "BANGALORE: Closed toilets and children sitting outside the classrooms and studying. The lapses in these schools were too many to ignore.When BBMP education standing committee members, led by its chairman B Govindraju, visited BBMP schools, they discovered that the education system was far from satisfactory.The BBMP school in Pillana Garden did not even have a permanent physical education teacher. However, the school cupboards are filled with sports accessories, but never given to the children. \"I understand that basic facilities are missing in the school, but it also puts the onus on us as committee members to take immediate steps to improve the situation ,\" said Govindraju.The Frazer Town BBMP school, second on his list of inspection, was found to be ill-equipped and ill-maintained. From this school, 158 SSLC students secured first class. There aren't many classrooms and a few classes were taken in the playground, while many children played on the field.Govindraju and his team found that food was littered in the playground because there wasn't a single dustbin in the school. School officials complained to the committee about rainwater clogging. They said the stagnant water, which resembles a pond, makes it difficult for students to enter the school premises.Another BBMP school in Cox Town was no better. The school management have been complaining for the past three years that toilets and classrooms are not in a usable condition. However, all their cries fell on deaf ears.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14147755", "title": "'Dil Garden Garden' not inspired by Gulshan Grover", "text": "Lyricist Mayur Puri reveals that 'Dil Garden Garden Ho Gaya' is a commonly used comic phrase in North India.' Dil Garden Garden ' from the forthcoming sex-com ' Kyaa Super Kool Hain Hum ' was trending on Twitter in less than 24 hours of its online release, becoming an instant national hit.Contrary to speculation, its lyricist Mayur Puri was not inspired to use the ' Dil Garden Garden ' mukhda by Gulshan Grover's line in the Akshay Kumar-starrer 'International Khiladi'. Remarks Puri, \"' Dil Garden Garden Ho Gaya ' is a commonly used comic phrase in North India to describe a feeling of joy and satisfaction. With this as a hook, the tone of the song was set. We were going to be naughty without any apologies.\"He adds, \"When I heard the tune by Sachin-Jigar, what hit me first was the easy-cheesy spirit of the song. The lyrics needed to have a made-up-on-the-spot feel. We needed catchy opening words that would go with the film. The director Sachin Yardi narrated some really hilarious scenes from the film, which had me in splits. He asked me to top the dirty quotient, which I've done!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14140098", "title": "Activists to get HC pump life into citizen\u2019s panels", "text": "HYDERABAD: Frustrated at the comatose state of area sabhas (AS) and ward committees (WC) under the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation, members of civil society, who have been intensively campaigning for activation of these citizen's panels, are now planning to seek the high court's intervention.In accordance with the 73rd and 74th amendments to the Constitution, which aims at enabling the participation of citizens in governance through local bodies like the panchayats and municipal corporations, the state government had issued GO 57 in 2010 for constitution of the committees. Subsequently, the GHMC constituted ward committees and area sabhas for its 150 wards in June 2010. Every ward was divided into six to ten area sabhas, each one for a population of 5000. Every citizen who is a registered voter in the locality covered by area sabha is a member. The GHMC nominates a representative for every area sabha, while representatives of all area sabhas in addition to ten registered voters from the ward comprise members of the ward committee.The GHMC also designates project officers and community organizers as assistant secretaries to each of the area sabhas and an assistant engineer or deputy engineer as ward secretary with the responsibility to organize the area sabhas meetings regularly. Meetings of area sabhas have to be conducted once every three months and that of ward committees once in two months.Last month, GHMC deputy commissioners of Circle 4 and 5 (South Zone) issued circulars to wards secretaries informing them of the schedule of meetings to be held. The officials also critically noted that they had not received minutes of any meetings so far, and warned of disciplinary action if the meetings were not conducted as per rules.When asked about the number of meetings held in the past six months, GHMC secretary MSS Somaraju said the corporation has not been maintaining a count from September 2011. Claiming that the corporation has been adequately pursuing the matter, he said: \"We have issued circulars frequently to ward secretaries. But the initiative has not taken off properly as several ward secretaries are new appointees who are not aware about the conduct of meetings. The functioning of these panels has been delegated to zonal level officials.\"Mazher Hussain, executive director, Cova, faulted GHMC for not conducting meetings. \"Whenever a meeting is scheduled, it should be publicized through mobile audio announcements, newspapers and TV channels. The minutes of all meetings and ATRs should be updated every week on the GHMC website and also published in a monthly newsletter. Despite pressure from various quarters little has happened on the ground. We will be filing a PIL by the end of this month,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14148678", "title": "Industrial units demand uninterrupted power supply", "text": "KANPUR: The local chapter of the Indian Industries Association (IIA), a body of medium and small industries, held a meeting on Thursday to discuss unscheduled and long load shedding.The entrepreneurs said that they have decided to shut down the units and hand over keys to chief minister Akhilesh Yadav if there is no improvement in the situation in the next 48 hours.Satish Gupta, general secretary, IIA, Kanpur chapter, flayed the state government for not being concerned about the industries and the livelihood of the workers. He said: \"Industries generating huge revenue for state exchequer are reeling under prolonged power cuts, whereas districts where the government is getting just Re 1 per unit are getting uninterrupted power supply round-the-clock. There is an urgent need to streamline supply. Why are there no power cuts in about a dozen districts of the state?\"General secretary of Provincial Industries Association Atul Seth said that the state government should ensure uninterrupted power supply to the city otherwise time will come when all the industrial units will shut down.The entrepreneurs want that the timings of the rostering should change.Kesco official AKS Chauhan said all industries of the city will get supply from 6am to 10pm and the rostering of the industrial feeders will be done from 10pm to 6am. He said that the changes in the timings of rostering had been done to industries facing losses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14141221", "title": "Civic students beat odds to make a mark", "text": "MUMBAI: Sagar Raut from Kandivli Municipal Secondary School scored 88.91% in the SSC exams to rank 5th on the BMC merit list. For him it is no mean feat as he lost his father in class 7 and his mother makes ends meet working as a housemaid. Civic school toppers were felicitated at the mayor's office on Thursday.Aditya Shinde, Sagar's classmate, ranked third with 90%. He scored 91% in geometry, which was taught to him by his father who is a BEST driver. \"I want him to be an IAS,\" said his father Suresh Shinde.Yogita Sandbhor of Vikhroli Parksite Marathi medium school stood first with 92.18% while Priyanka Vakil, from the Hindi medium civic school at Prabhat Colony, Santacruz (W) came second with 90.18%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14139623", "title": "Presidential poll: Will vulnerable UPA have to face early poll?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress does not want an early poll if it can help it, but is battening down for an election that may be inevitable if Trinamool chief Mamata Banerjee does exit the UPA. SP leader Mulayam Singh might replace Banerjee and Congress can rebuild bridges with the Left Front, but the arrangement is not likely to inspire much confidence.Political circles estimate that Mulayam, along with Mamata and Jayalalitha are among the satraps who will favour an early Lok Sabha election, hoping to cash in on the mood that helped them win assembly elections. Although they can be balanced by adversaries who will like to avoid polls: BSP, Left and DMK, the arrangement will remain fragile.Left's antipathy for Mamata and affection for finance minister Pranab Mukherjee are important factors in the unfolding scenario, but they cannot bridge the gap separating the CPM and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on economic issues.Even if polls are not inevitable , election talk is in the air and a UPA that is more vulnerable may find the going tougher than before. A government already hit hard by a policy freeze induced due to its political weaknesses could see its credibility eroded further. Common wisdom has it that such a rickety proposition may not last till April, 2014.Banerjee's pitching former President A P J Kalam as her preferred choice and dismissing Congress criticism of her \"discourtesy\" in naming Prime Minister Manmohan Singh as a possible presidential nominee without so much as a by your leave has set the stage for a parting of ways.Congress was keen to avert such a scenario , something that saw it putting up with the mercurial ways of the Trinamool chief despite Mamata's increasing aggression. The reason for doing so was sound: Congress did not want to become overly dependent on SP and would prefer to have BSP on its side too. This prevented Congress from swapping Trinamool for SP.Now, such options seem ruled out as a major reconfiguration of the UPA looms with Congress close to announcing finance minister Pranab Mukherjee as presidential nominee in the face of Banerjee's bitter opposition. Faced with the prospect of having to support a nominee it is not comfortable with, Congress has prioritized ensuring its choice prevails in the presidential contest.Banerjee has presented Congress with no real choice. Kowtowing to her nominee will mean loss of all esteem while losing a presidential election will mean curtains for the Manmohan Singh government. Congress is willing to upgrade ties with Mulayam and reach out to the Left as well, even while knowing this gambit has its perils.Some parties like Trinamool and SP see merits in a quick poll. Others like BJP are not placed as well but will go with the momentum, calculating that Congress is perhaps the frailest it has been since it eased NDA out of power in 2004.The shrewd SP chief could see himself a big gainer as his increased clout will allow him to get Congress to act on a wish-list ranging from UP-centric demands to more complex tasks. The leverage that he has sought fruitlessly for since UPA first came to power in 2004 could accrue to him but this is not an easy situation for Congress to contend with.Keenly conscious that a misstep in the presidential election can turn the contest into a referendum on the government itself and that Opposition BJP is waiting in the wings to back a non-UPA nominee who can draw on the support of anti-Congress state parties, Congress is focusing on dealing itself a winning hand.Congress is banking on parties like the Left and the BSP that do not favour an early election to prevent a larger unity of political forces building up. These parties, it hopes, will not be part of any concerted intent on forcing an early election that will certainly not suit Congress at a time when the economy is in shambles and corruption cases have shaken the government.When Manmohan Singh arrived for a cabinet meeting on Thursday, a slightly embarrassed smile played on his lips. He could have been thinking of the peremptory manner in which Mamata and Mulayam tried to signal that it was time for him to move on. Or he could have been thinking how much time he has to try and ensure his legacy has more bright spots than black.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14141358", "title": "MLA fires new salvo against Tatkare\u2019s deals", "text": "MUMBAI: The fight between Peasants and Workers Party (PWP) MLA Jayant Patil and state water resources minister Sunil Tatkare intensified on Thursday.Patil accused Tatkare of \"misusing\" his position as minister to seal land deals in Raigad district. \"Tatkare helped his kin to acquire land. Recently, I met the CM and briefed him on the irregularities,\" Patil alleged.\"There are many irregularities in the land deals. Tatkare's son (Aniket) and daughter (Aditi) own several companies. Even, Kiran Sarange (a gardener working with the Tatkares) owns a company.\"The PWP legislator demanded a probe into the land deals of companies owned by the minister's kin. Tatkare said the allegations levelled by Patil were politically motivated and baseless. \"I will initiate legal action against Patil for maligning my image,\" said Tatkare, who is Raigad district's guardian minister.\"My daughter and son are educated and they started their own business. They are doing well and it has nothing to do with my position in the state cabinet,\" Tatkare added.The feud between Tatkare and Patil nearly a decade old. In 2002, Patil accused Tatkare of engineering the defeat of PWP candidates in the Raigad zilla parishad polls.Patil had threatened to withdraw support to the then chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh. Tatkare who was the minister of state for urban development offered to quit to save the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14145061", "title": "Marriageable age: Gender parity sought", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If girls can marry at the age of 18, why should boys wait till they turn 21? A PIL has come to be filed in the Gujarat high court with a demand that the marriageable age of girls and boys should be equal.Nathalal Chitroda, a bank official from Rajkot, who appeared in this case as party-in-person on Thursday claimed to have moved the HC with this demand due to his sheer \"affection for those young people in the country, who are deprived of engaging themselves into wedlock only on account of discrimination in the marriageable age between male and female\".Chitroda's petition has challenged the legislature, which permits a girl to marry at the age of 18 and a boy at 21, on various grounds. His main contention is that this system is violative of Article 14 of the Constitution that stands for equality of opportunity. He contends that if male and female both become eligible to vote and elect government at the age of 18, why should there be difference in their marriageable age.His petition reads, \"There should not be discrimination between boys and girls while defining the age of marriage. The only area of discrimination between men and women is their marriageable age. But a male attaining the age of 18 is not able to exercise the same freedom that a woman does. This violates the right to equality guaranteed under article 14.\"Chitroda also questioned, \"Under the sexual offences bill, 2011, the legislature has given right to a female aged 16 to give consent to sexual intercourse, then how come she cannot be declared fit for marriage?\"The division bench comprising acting chief justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and justice J B Pardiwala did not seem quite impressed with the petitioner's contentions, and the judges even posed certain questions that were not addressed in proper manner in the petition.Further hearing on this issue has been kept on next Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14150628", "title": "Karun Chandhok excited ahead of Le Mans debut", "text": "CHENNAI: Chennai-based Indian motor racing star Karun Chandhok's JRM Racing team will begin their campaign in their first-ever Le Mans 24 Hours race from the 11th position.The team made the most of a challenging day after discovering that their gearbox had been damaged in Thursday's qualifying event. The team elected to switch to the race engine to ease the work schedule for Saturday.As a result, the team missed most of the earlier qualifying and the work was condensed into the later session, in which Peter Dumbreck exclusively completed.He bettered his time of Thursday to a 3:35.421. With the team missing most of the earlier qualifying session, Chandhok did not get a chance to run and will head into the historic race with a mere 18 laps under his belt.The team which will field a Honda HPD ARX-03a in the top LMP1 class, has drivers David Brabham and Peter Dumbreck partnering the young Indian.Chandhok may not have had a chance to go out again but he was excited about starting his first ever Le Mans race. \"We seemed to have a gearbox problem after hitting some debris in yesterday's practice. We didn't know until we checked thoroughly overnight but the impact of coming back to ground cracked the gearbox. The team then decided to change the engine, which was pretty logical considering we were changing tomorrow anyway. Although I would have liked to drive tonight, I'm just looking forward to getting behind the wheel at my first Le Mans on Saturday. The atmosphere here has been electrifying with the pit lane packed with fans at 11.30 at night! The race is going to be tough so look forward to crossing the finish line,\" he said.Team Manager and chief engineer Nigel Stepney said: \"It's a great feeling to qualify for our first-ever Le Mans. This being our debut, we knew there could possibly be some hitches so we took the precaution of having all our drivers do a minimum of five laps yesterday evening. As it happens this worked out well as we lost the earlier session when we changed the gearbox and the engine. Although we're not 100% on the set up just yet, clearly our goal has got to be getting to the end and seeing where we are at the finish.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14150856", "title": "Laptop stolen as parents could not afford one", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Ahmedabad crime branch has arrested a college students of computer science for his involvement in stealing a lap-top of his friend from the hostel.Crime branch officials said that one Ketan Shah a college students of the Computer science course was arrested for his involvement in a laptop theft. Shah during the interrogation informed the city police that he was a student of computer science and he wanted a computer for his studies. But his father who was a rickshaw driver was unable to allocate him funds for purchasing the computer or laptop. One day when he went to the hostel, he found the laptop of his friend lying deserted and hence he decided to steal it. Crime branch officials said that this was the first theft of the youth and that too for his studies. Officials said that a case has been registered against the youth.\"Had the youth not taken a internet connection and began using the same we would not have been caught but as soon as he began using the internet, the crime branch officials were able to detect the laptop and based on the address given for the internet connection, the crime branch officials raided his residence and recovered the laptop and even arrested him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14138173", "title": "Water crisis: Haryana firm on stand, Delhi supply hit", "text": "NEW DELHI: The water shortage in the city continued after Haryana refused to relent and release Delhi's entire water share. A shortfall of 45 million gallons per day in production at the Wazirabad water treatment plant to which supply was curtailed on Wednesday and 15 MGD at Haiderpur \u2014 affected since 20 days \u2014 saw supply disrupted in several areas.\"Haryana has arbitrarily curtailed raw water supply to the Wazirabad and Haiderpur WTPs. Residents of north, west, New Delhi and Walled City will have to face a very difficult situation,\" a senior government official said.To deal with the scarcity, Delhi Jal Board has had to rationalize water. Senior officials said that supply to several areas had been cut by 30 minutes or so in order to divert the extra water to other colonies. \"If rationalization was not done, there would be some areas that would have to go without any water,\" said the official.Sources said that supply to both plants had been curtailed without any reason and that Haryana was refusing to respond to Delhi's requests. \"It is ironical that when we are asking for our fair share of 80 MGD from Munak Canal, Haryana has reduced our supply even further. At Haiderpur, the water level in the canal is fine but Haryana is not letting all the water enter Delhi. At Wazirabad the pond level is down by two feet,\" said an official.Areas where supply would be restricted include Khayala, Patel Nagar, Moti Nagar,Kirti Nagar, Narela, Bawana and Wazirabad among others.\"Chief minister Sheila Dikshit has been trying to speak to her Haryana counterpart unsuccessfully. Even the DJB CEO has been contacting Haryana officers but to no avail,\" said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14146579", "title": "District Congress Committee flouts SC order to vacate its office building", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The District Congress Committee (DCC) has defied the Supreme Court order asking it to hand over the DCC office building to its owner.The three-month deadline for implementing the March 13 apex court order, which had asked P K Mamukkoya, the DCC general secretary, to hand over the building to its owner and vacate the 40-cent property on Wayanad Road, ended on Wednesday.The DCC office has been functioning in this building since 1974.The final order of the Supreme Court favouring the family of late M Balan, the owner of the building, came after a protracted legal battle which lasted for nearly four decades. The order clearly states that refusal to hand over the building will be considered a contempt of court.\"It's indeed shocking and surprising that a decree passed in 1975 by the lower court, could not be executed till date. Some obstruction or the other is created in the way of the decree holder to get the fruits of the same. Now the time has come when we cannot allow and permit any further obstruction in the matter,\" the court order states.Counsel for the respondent P S Sreedharan Pillai said they would explore the possibility of initiating contempt of court proceedings against AICC, KPCC and DCC leadership as the party had failed to honour the verdict of the country's highest court.Balan had obtained an order from the Kozhikode munsif court in his favour for getting back the building in 1975, but the DCC leadership refused to comply. The high court too had upheld the order favouring Balan.Based on the court orders, at least three attempts were made to evict the Congress office from the building, but the party thwarted them using political influence and even force. Several Congress leaders were booked under various sections of the IPC for obstructing the Court Amin from implementing the order on January 17, 2001.DCC general secretary P K Mamukkoya, who is the appellant in the case, said the party would file an review petition in the Supreme Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14148669", "title": "Gujarat HC notice to Lucknow lawyer over penalty amount", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Friday issued notice to a Lucknow-based lawyer Asok Pande after the Gujarat Legal Aid Society filed a petition for recover of Rs 1 lakh, as per the penalty imposed on him by the Supreme Court.Advocate Pande was first fined by the high court with amount of Rs 25,000 for filing frivolous PIL demanding recall of Gujarat governor Dr Kamala after she appointed justice R A Mehta as Lokayukta against the wish of elected Narendra Modi government.As he challenged the HC gesture of penalizing him before the SC, the apex court punished him further with penalty of Rs 1 lakh to be paid to the legal aid society. Accordingly, the Society moved a plea for clarification on the issue about the recovery of penalty amount. Meanwhile, Pande was brought to the HC after arrest from Uttar Pradesh, and during his production before the judge, he deposited the amount of Rs 25,000 with the HC registry under protest.Interestingly, after custody and paying Rs 25,000, Pande wrote letters to the chief justice of India and the prime minister requesting them to initiate process of impeachment in the parliament against three Gujarat HC judges, who dealt with his case. This letter was also produced before the high court during the proceeding on Wednesday.Pande, who had assured the HC of his presence during the hearing, remained absent once again. This led the division bench of acting chief justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and justice J B Pardiwala to issue notice to the lawyer and kept further hearing three weeks later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14150918", "title": "Scheme to help orphans, children of single parents", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Social welfare minister M K Muneer has announced about 10 new social welfare schemes as part of the Social Welfare Day celebrations.\"Snehapurvam, a scheme to support orphans and economically backward children of single parents, with educational assistance will be launched on the Social Welfare Day on Friday\", Muneer said. \"According to the scheme, children till class eight will receive a monthly grant of Rs 500, high school and higher secondary or plus 2 students will get Rs 750, he said. The first beneficiary of the scheme will receive the assistance from chief minister Oommen Chandy on Friday.Another scheme announced is to provide monthly support to the endosulfan victims. \"A project for elderly care called vayomithram will be launched in all districts across the state within three months,\" the minister said. \"Geriatric care with proper health assistance will form part of the mission to help the elderly,\" he said.The mid-day meal scheme launched in Kozhikode Medical College will be introduced in Thiruvananthapuram, Kollam and Malappuram districts.\"Ensuring proper nutrition and health care with immunization for the children in orphanages, anganwadis and other child care institutions across the state will be a major thrust area,\" he said. Social welfare and higher education principal secretary Dr K M Abraham said the right to education of children would be ensured through pre-primary education of children in anganwadis. He said the database from 33,000 anganwadis would be digitized and efforts would be on to develop these anganwadis as model centres beginning with 35 anganwadis. \"The best anganwadi centres will receive ISO certification in terms of ensuring quality standards in nutrition, health care and education of children,\" he said.The minister said Sabala scheme would be extended to all districts to improve the nutritional and health standards of adolescent girls. \"For the victims of crime such as rape, rehabilitation centres will be set up across the state with fast track court for speedy trial of cases,\" he said.He said the government had also assured to provide the required support for the physically challenged with motorized vehicles and crutches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14138294", "title": "Water crisis: Residents rely on roadside taps, mineral water", "text": "NEW DELHI: As the water crisis continues unabated, residents have been compelled to take desperate measures. While many are spending sleepless nights waiting for water to trickle in, others have been forced to bank on roadside taps for their daily fill.At Sant Nagar in north Delhi, residents are faced with a peculiar situation. While one part of the colony gets ample water supply, on the other side taps are running dry. The situation worsens when the timings of power supply and water supply don't match.\"We get water for about two hours in the morning and two hours in the evening. We try to store as much water as we can. But at times, even that water is of poor quality,\" said Manoharlal Tanwar, president of Sant Nagar Resident Welfare Association (RWA). \"We become absolutely helpless when there is no electricity,\" added Tanwar. In the absence of supply, residents have to rely on water tankers. Many have even been buying bottles of mineral water.It's not only residents of Sant Nagar that are compelled to purchase water. Ashok Bhasin of Gulabi Bagh says that people in his area have also been forced to take similar measures. \"There is no water, boring is not allowed and tankers are not available. What else can people do to fulfill their requirements other than buy water,\" he said.In a Sector 4 colony of Timarpur, the scanty supply has literally brought people out on the streets. \"Since one month, we have been facing water problems. We get water supply for barely an hour so we line up on the roadside and fill water from taps installed in slums near our colony,\" said general secretary of the RWA, AK Srivastava.Other areas hit by the crisis include Burari, Vasant Vihar, Gulabi Bagh, Vasant Kunj and Munirka. Monika Bhatia, a 22-year-old student who is a resident of Munirka, uses the two buckets of water she gets daily, sparingly. \"My landlord gets water from tankers and we get one bucket each for drinking and bathing. One bucket of drinking water usually lasts us three days, she rues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14151929", "title": "Swami Nityananda meditates for hours at Mysore Jail", "text": "MYSORE: The controversial godman Swami Nityananda on Friday broke his fast at the Mysore Central Jail after meditating for hours.The religious leader, who was moved to the Mysore facility on Thursday, didn't eat breakfast and skipped lunch too. He broke his fast at 5.10 pm having fruits and tender coconut. Though the day he meditated in his cell and didn't interact much, chief superintendent of the jail, M N Jayasimha told The Times of India. Doctors monitored his condition while he was fasting. His condition is stable, he added.The Swami, who arrived at the century-old Mysore jail at 9.20 pm on Thursday under tight police security, checked into the prison and was lodged at barrack number 19. A posse of prison staff, including trainees at the Prison Training School located in the jail premises, were posted in the area. He was not allowed to mix with other inmates as a precautionary measure, sources told TOI. He told the prison staff on Friday that he had sound sleep. Early in the morning, he woke up and sat on meditation after taking bath. He worshipped Shivalinga he is carrying with him, Jayasimha said.When breakfast, which is upma as per the jail's menu on Fridays, was offered to him, he told the prison staff that he generally fasts on Fridays and doesn't want to take anything. He skipped lunch-which was rice, sambar and chapatti-conveying that he will eat after 4 pm. Though there is a television set in the cell, which measures 30 feet X 60 feet, he didn't switch it on since morning. Generally he meditated and didn't interact with even the prison staff, sources explained. After 4 pm when the prison staff including Jayasimha approached him, he said he will have fruits.The barrack 19 located in what is generally called as stone building was used to house Pakistani nationals Mohammed Ali Hussain and Mohammed Fahad, the two arrested from Rajivnagar in Mysore on charges of plotting to blast power centre Vidhana Soudha when they were in Mysore, an official said. It is not solitary confinement but generally the inmate will not be allowed to interact with other prisoners, Jayasimha stated.Early in the morning, his disciples arrived in a Bangalore-registered car and gave him materials for pooja including camphor and incense sticks. Though some activists of pro-Hindu organizations tried to meet him, it was not allowed. A blanket of security cover was thrown in the vicinity with every visitor questioned and scanned at the outer periphery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14138274", "title": "Southwest monsoon to enter interiors in 3-4 days", "text": "PUNE: India's farm sector, worried about deficient rains so far this season, may soon have something to cheer about. After a week-long hiatus, the southwest monsoon is expected to advance further into the interior parts of the country in the next three or four days.\"Conditions are favourable for the monsoon to advance into the remaining parts of Konkan, Tamil Nadu, interior Maharashtra, Karnataka and parts of Andhra Pradesh over the next three-four days,\" Medha Khole, deputy director general for weather forecasting at the India Meteorological Department (IMD), said here on Thursday.This augurs well for the sowing of the kharif crop like paddy, cotton, soyabean, groundnut, oilseeds and sugarcane. \"The sowing window, which refers to the timeframe for sowing of specific crops, is all right for now. We expect the crop planting activity to pick up with the advance of the monsoon,\" IMD's head of agriculture meteorology N Chattopadhyay said.\"Normal sowing is on in Kerala, coastal and parts of interior Karnataka, south central Maharashtra and Konkan where rainfall has been good,\" Chattopadhyay said. \"Similarly, sowing is on in the northeastern states while the rice bowls, West Bengal and Odisha, are hopeful about getting rains soon. Gujarat has received some rains but not good enough for sowing.\"On Thursday, the IMD reported 50% below average rain for the country during the week from June 7 to 13. Only 15.3mm rain was recorded as against 30.6mm normal rain for this period. Earlier, IMD had reported 36% below average rain from May 31 to June 6, the first week of the four-month monsoon season that begins on June 1.However, IMD officials have sought to allay fears of poor rains impacting farm yield. \"The deficient rain in the early part of the season does not have a one-to-one relation with the sowing activity. It is the kind of temporal and spatial distribution of rain by the end of June that matters most for the crop. On an average, the conditions are normal for sowing,\" Chattopadhyay said.Usually, farmers begin their sowing preparations towards the end of May or early June. However, the delayed onset of the monsoon this year and the resultant rainfall, which has so far been limited to the coastal belt from Kerala to Konkan and south central Maharashtra besides the northeast, has caused concern about poor rains affecting the farm yield.Monsoon rains are crucial for agriculture as 60% of the cultivable area depends entirely on rain for irrigation. The farm sector contributes only about 15% of the country's gross domestic product (GDP), but it employs about 60% of India's population.Heavy showers in the beginning of the season enable the crops to withstand drier weather in the subsequent months. Already, there are fears about the El Nino phenomenon impacting the monsoon rain towards the latter half of the ongoing June-September season.\"After lying low since June 6, the monsoon made a slight advance in the past 24 hours into some more parts of south central Maharashtra, interior Karnataka and Tamil Nadu,\" Khole said. \"This movement has been aided by a couple of factors including the presence of a trough, with an embedded cyclonic circulation, off the west coast and another cyclonic circulation off the Andhra Pradesh coast in the Bay of Bengal.\"\"In the next 3-4 days, the trough of low pressure area off the west coast, another low pressure area in the north west Bengal and the formation of good northward-moving clouds and strong monsoon winds will bring rains to the interior parts of the country,\" she said.Rainfall So Far* 50% below average rain in this monsoon's second week ending June 13* Normal rainfall for the week: 30.6mm* Actual rainfall received for the week: 15.3mm* 36% below average rain in the first week ending June 6(Source: IMD)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14145048", "title": "Microsoft renames, revamps Hotmail", "text": "WASHINGTON: In the hope of bringing back millions of users, software giant Microsoft has revamped its email service Hotmail, which has a striking resemblance to Gmail in its design.Newmail is understood to have a 'clean look' when it comes to the font that has been used for the labels in the inbox, which resembles its Google adversary.According to the Daily Mail, Microsoft has claimed it has a 'fluid and interactive design', which is expressly designed to work well on mobile devices such as phones or tablets.Hotmail is still the biggest email provider in the world with some 360 million users, but Gmail has caught up with 350 million, shooting up from just 260 million users last October.A website LiveSide, that has obtained screen shots of Newmail, shows a significantly more attractive home screen, with none of the clutter which had long bedevilled Hotmail.Liveside said that Newmail will initially be available on an opt-in basis to existing Hotmail customers, but Microsoft has not ruled out making it compulsory in future.The new email service will also be linked to Facebook and Twitter and will allow users to keep their contacts automatically in sync and see what their friends are doing on the service.The new name Newmail, however, appears to be just the title for the service and users will still have @hotmail email addresses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "14148856", "title": "Youth held for harassing widow in Maharashtra", "text": "AURANGABAD: Jawahar Colony police arrested Paresh Pendarkar (25) of Chikhli taluka of Buldhana district recently for allegedly sending lewd short messages and letters to a widow, at whose residence he used to live as a paying guest in the city.A few years back Paresh was staying with the woman's family in Shiv Shankar Colony as a paying guest when he was pursuing his studies. He went back to his home in Antri village in Buldhana district after completing his studies.Meanwhile, a few months ago the woman's husband died following illness. When Paresh came to know of the man's death he visited the family few weeks back to offer his condolences. Since, then he kept on calling the woman on her mobile phone under one or the other pretext while offering his support.In the meantime, the woman received obscene clippings and lewd text messages on her mobile phone from an unidentified number. Initially, she ignored. But she got fed up after the lewd messages kept on coming on her phone. She approached the Jawahar Colony police and lodged a complaint with them. The police initiated investigation and zeroed in on Paresh.Inspector Hemant Kadam of the Jawahar Colony police sent a team to Antri in Buldhana district arrest Paresh. Police said Paresh has confessed to have sent lewd messages and anonymous letters to the woman. However, the police are yet to recover the mobile handset that he used send messages. He has been booked under the provisions of Information Technology Act, Kadam said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14140712", "title": "Mutilated body of film director found in southwest Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 47-year-old, small-time director of music albums and Haryanvi films was found butchered inside a flat at Shyam Vihar in southwest Delhi late on Wednesday night. Sanjay Kumar Rohilla was a resident of Najafgarh and also owns an office nearby.Sources in the Chhawla police claimed that they had identified the murderer \u2014 a person known to Rohilla \u2014 and hope to arrest him soon. A person has also been detained in the murder case.Police said Rohilla had left for his office exactly a week ago and had not returned home since. On Wednesday night, the neighbours of B-12, Shyam Vihar, called cops as a foul smell was coming out of the flat. The door was found locked and when cops broke in, they found the highly-decomposed body in several parts.\"The head was severed from the body and the hands were cut off. The body was covered with cello tape. The flat where the body was found belongs to Rising Sun Coaching and Dancing Centre where academic tuitions, and western and classical dance classes are offered,\" said a senior investigating officer. Cops are trying to find out the name of the actual owner of the flat.Cops said there was blood all over the room with stains found on a shallow pan (tasla) and a sharp-edged weapon kept nearby.\"The body conditions suggest the murder was committed several days ago. The doctors are of the opinion that the body is over six days old,\" said the officer.Four empty glasses and beer bottles were also found at the spot, he added. \"It suggests that someone close to the deceased had an easy entry into the flat. Rohilla also has a steel fabricating business and we are also looking at his business rivalries,'' said A K Ojha, additional commissioner of police (southwest).The identification of the victim was made from his car insurance papers that were found lying on a nearby table, covered neatly with a polythene sheet. \"A Chevrolet was registered in his name but the car itself is yet to be recovered,\" said an officer.Officers investigating the case said they had been able to retrace the movement of the victim from the call details of his mobile phone. \"Based on technical intelligence and other human investigation inputs, we have now tracked the accused,\" said Ojha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14151760", "title": "Truck load of duplicate cosmetic seized", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The officials acting on a tip off the Food and Drug Control raided Khodiyar Estate in Narol road. The officials said that the during he road they found that the factory had at least 10 truck load of tooth paste, shaving cream, telcome power and other cosmetics.Also on further investigation the officials also found labels of different brands and also machines which were used for manufacturing of the duplicate cosmetics. Officials said that once these products were manufactured here they same were then pushed into the market though the main whole sale market situated in Tankshal area of kalupur ward of the Ahmedabad city.The raid since being a big one, about 65 drug inspectors were involved in the raids.Officials said that the came to know of the entire racket when they recovered some duplicate cosmetics from a godown from Tankshal. Recently the food and drug control department had carried out raids based on tip-offs. The officials raided several godowns and dealers in Tankshal area. According to a government officials, 38 samples of seized materials have been sent to laboratory for analysis. Officials said that as per rules, each dealer is supposed to have a license for sale of such materials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14145713", "title": "Rs 300 crore to boost tourist infrastructure", "text": "Ahmedabad: The Gujarat tourism is now focusing on providing better infrastructure to the tourist coming to the state. The state has decided to spend around Rs 300 crore for beefing up infrastructure at the tourist destinations.A officer of TCGL said that Gujarat has been promoting itself as a tourist destination for the past few years. The advertisement \"Khushboo Gujarat Ki\" campaign featuring superstar and its brand Ambassador Amitabh Bachchan have also hit the advertisement world. Also Gujarat tourism has painted one of the Delhi Metro with its advertisement.After creating a brand, there was a need to focus on the infrastructure as there were complaint that there was a serious dearth of adequate hotel rooms and other infrastructure.The government has now chalked out plans to spend around Rs 300 crore for beefing up infrastructure at the tourist hubs.The inflow of tourists in the state has gone up significantly in the last couple of years. As against 1.70 crore tourists in 2009-10, the state attracted 1.98 crore tourists in 2010-11, which went up further to 2.23 crore in 2011-12.The department will now focus on infrastructure in Dwarka, Somnath, Ambaji, Dakor, Saputara, Gir, Kutch and Modhera, which ac-count for almost three-fourths of the total tourist inflows in the state.Officials said \"we have achieved success in attracting tourists and now the government is now focusing on strengthening physical infrastructure such as better roads, quality power, water supply and other basic amenities at tourist destinations. \"We will also come out with policies to attract private investors to set up hotels and resorts at these places,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14141634", "title": "Farmers clash with police in Dholpur", "text": "JAIPUR: Farmers demanding water supply from the Chambal river today clashed with the police in Dholpur district of Rajasthan.\"The protesters tried to block a highway in the district and clashed with police which prompted policemen to use mild force to disperse them ,\" a senior police official said.Tear gas shells were also lobbed to control the situation, he said, adding that the law and order situation was normal now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "helsinki/new delhi", "code": "14137545", "title": "Nokia to cut 10k jobs, little impact on India", "text": "HELSINKI/NEW DELHI: Finnish mobile handset maker Nokia on Thursday said it will cut 10,000 jobs globally by the end of 2013 but its Indian operations are unlikely to see any \"significant impact\". Nokia also announced closure of its facilities in Ulm in Germany and Burnaby in Canada as part of its planned measures to rescale the company by making additional reductions in devices and services.\"Today's planned changes will impact Nokia employees throughout our operations globally. While we anticipate impact at other sites, we don't see significant impact on India operations. Having said that, we have no specifics to provide at this stage,\" a Nokia India spokesperson said.As of March 31, 2012, Nokia employed 1,22,148 people. Of these, 68,595 were employed by Nokia Siemens Networks \u2014 a joint venture between Nokia and Siemens.The handset manufacturer in a statement stated that it will further consolidate manufacturing operations and close a facility in Salo, Finland . However, R&D; development in Salo will continue. \"These planned reductions are a difficult consequence of the intended actions we believe we must take to ensure Nokia's long-term competitive strength,\" Nokia president and CEO Stephen Elop said in the statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14150930", "title": "Sullia receives 80mm of rainfall.", "text": "MANGALORE: There was plenty of sunshine in the city on Friday with monsoons taking a backseat. Panaje in Sullia taluk of Dakshina Kannada recorded maximum rainfall of 80 mm in the last 24 hours till 8.30 am on Friday.Karnataka State Natural Disaster Monitoring Centre authorities said that w idespread, rather heavy rain was received in DK and Kodagu districts. The rainfall was fairly widespread, moderate in Udupi district and it was scattered to moderate in Uttara Kannada district.In Dakshina Kannada rainfall was as follows (in mm): Beltangady 19.50; Mangalore (airport) 5; Mangalore 6; Sullia 5.50; Mulki 5; Panemangalore 1; Bilinele 57; Badagayedapadavu 3; Shishila 65; Kodambadi 46; Aladangadi 32; Songabeltu 1.50; Hosabettu 4.10; Padangadi 42; Naravi 68; Indabettu 16; Aithoor 58.50; Kanyana 21; Moodabidri 1; Puttur 34; Uppinangady 35; Gurpur 7.50; Kadaba 51.50; Panaje 78.50; Kokkada 39; Bantwal 1.50; Harihara Pallatadka 52; Kolnad 5; Ajjavara 6; Alletty 11; Savanuru 15; Tannirapantha 27; Koila 14.50; Koyyuru 38.50; Yenmuru 76 and Dharmastala 56 mm.The centre said that conditions would become favourable for further advance of southwest monsoon into remaining parts of central Arabian Sea , Konkan some more parts of interior Karnataka and Bay of Bengal during next three to four days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14144118", "title": "Mining trucks banned in 3 talukas for 3 months", "text": "MARGAO: South Goa district collector N D Agarwal has issued an order banning the movement of mining trucks in Sanguem, Quepem and Dharbandora talukas till September 12. Agarwal said the order, issued two days ago, is in view of the monsoon.\"The order has been issued to all mining truck owners and transporters,\" Agarwal told TOI on Thursday. He added that it was passed due to the ore spillage on roads that causes the thoroughfares to turn slippery and which in turn leads to accidents.The order is not expected to affect the mining truck owners and operators who have mostly stopped plying on account of a dip in mining activity during the rains.The Goa Mineral Ore Exporters' Association had recently said that 80% of the business will be down during the rains, as fines (small particle ore) cannot be laden in trucks and transported to the jetties from where they are then ferried to the port, for logistic reasons.Association executive secretary Swaminathan Sridhar had said that only few mining companies extract the lumpy ore, while the rest deal with fines which are low grade.Locals from Sanguem, Quepem and Dharbandora had earlier demanded that precautionary measures should be put in place, especially during the monsoon.They have carried out agitations in the past too, especially after fatal accidents involving mining trucks, and have been repeatedly demanding that the government take initiatives to protect lives on the roads of villages in the mining belt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14144131", "title": "Gadgil certain that social strife will follow environmental degradation", "text": "PANAJI: There seems to be bad news on the environmental front for one of India's otherwise progressive states.In what should be a cause for worry, ecological expert Madhav Gadgil has stated that Goa has absolutely zero implementation of the Forest Rights Act 2006.While calling for \"safeguarding of the precious natural heritage of the Western Ghats\", the retired academic said, \"Goa is the only place where there is zero implementation of the Forest Right Act 2006.\"He was delivering a presentation on the Western Ghats Ecological Experts Panel report in the state capital city on Thursday.Calling for the decentralization of power, he felt that the people should be involved and empowered in making decisions for their regions.Gadgil was in favour of disseminating the Western Ghats Ecological Experts Panel report to the people for their feedback. The report is presently available on the ministry of environment and forests' website and feedback can be received till July 5.\"The report should now go in Konkani and Marathi to people for feedback,\" said Gadgil. People should be involved in nature conservation, he added.Gadgil said there were 2,000 endangered species that can only be found in the Western Ghats. He said the report had given a number of suggestions which are favourable for conservation of wildlife in the region. He also felt there has to be proper coexistence between tribals and wildlife.\"People in the Western Ghats feel alienated at the type of development taking place there,\" opined Gadgil, while advocating a transparent participatory process for environment monitoring.He disclosed that while preparing the report, he had observed widespread governance deficit in protection of the environment.He cited the example of no action taken against three industries polluting a river in Maharashtra as well as the groundwater table in the area.The government even suppressed protests and shifted the environment office from the area to another place 40km away to make it difficult for the villagers to lodge complaints.Gadgil revealed that information was also suppressed from his experts' panel by officials who said the relevant files had been lost. He warned that if the environment was not protected there could be \"increasing social strife due to environmental degradation\".\"Forest degradation is going on at a very serious rate... water is facing even more serious pollution,\" said Gadgil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14137514", "title": "Minorities dept \u2018buys\u2019 70% of seats in Maharashtra polytechnics", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra's minorities department has bought over one shift in government polytechnics and ITIs (industrial training institutes) and reserved 70% of the seats in that batch for six minority religions. Additionally, it is also proposed to start a similar scheme in engineering colleges. The move is aimed at promoting education among Christians, Muslims, Sikhs, Jains, Buddhists and Parsis.Even as the Supreme Court ruled against any religion-based quota, the government, in a week, will start admission to these polytechnics and ITIs and fill 70% seats with minority students in the second shift of all these colleges. The scheme will be operational in the second shift\u20141.30pm-8.30pm\u2014and run in 15 government polytechnics (2,700 seats) and in 42 ITIs that have 4,344 seats. The remaining 30% seats will be open for general category students.The department has for quite some time ventured into education by providing means scholarships. But this move means its interventions are no longer as passive.The proposal to run a second shift came with the noble idea of utilising the existing infrastructure fully. So, a polytechnic institute or an ITI could provide courses in morning and evening shifts with the same infrastructure, but with additional faculty. But the state government decided to do its own unique calculations.\"We have started this scheme as per the directions of the Sachar committee report which states that minority youth need to be brought into mainstream education. The funds for this scheme are offered by my department,\" said minorities minister Naseem Khan. The Sachar committee, which looked at the social, economic and education status of Muslims in India recommended that skill development initiatives of ITIs and polytechnics should focus on sectors which have high growth potential and in which the Muslim population is concentrated. \"These training initiatives should also focus on areas where the minority population concentrated,\" the committee noted.But the minorities department felt there was need for more. So, when it received funds for starting a new minority institution, it decided not to set up fresh infrastructure, but take over a shift in the existing colleges. The state's higher and technical education department had sought permission for running a second shift two years ago, but then there weren't enough teachers and staff to start the afternoon batch.\"Now we have appointed people for running the second shift. As the minority department is taking in 70% students, they are footing the bill for the recurring day-to-day expenses,\" said S K Mahajan, head of the directorate of technical education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "14144059", "title": "Doc kills self, writes 7-page note blaming professional victimization", "text": "MIDNAPORE: A 42-year-old associate professor of Midnapore Medical College and Hospital , Bikram Saha, died on Wednesday night, three days after after he tried to commit suicide by injecting himself with a high dose of insulin in an apparent suicide attempt on Friday night.Bikram Saha is the same professor who had grabbed limelight in April this year when he had lodged an FIR against some students for forwarding him a headless cartoon of Mamata Banerjee.The suicide, however, has no bearing on this incident and appears to have been triggered more due to professional depression.Saha wrote a seven-page suicide note in which the victim, the depressed professor called himself a 'political victim' and blamed his colleagues at Midnapore Medical College along with local CPM leaders for his suicide. Police are now investigating a case of suicide abetment. The victim's wife Shalini has also lodged a separate police complaint.Saha, a resident of Sheikhpura in Midnapore and had been working as an assistant professor of medicine in the hospital for five years. On Saturday morning, neighbours found him unconscious. He was rushed to a nearby hospital in Midnapore.That weekend he was alone at home. He was first taken to the hospital where he taught, but as his condition deteriorated, he was shifted to a private hospital in Kolkata off EM bypass the same evening.The heavy insulin dosage, doctors diagnosed, led to a rapid drop in his blood sugar level, leading to a cardio-respiratory failure. Saha finally succumbed on Wednesday night.The victim was out of work for the past two years, which he alleged was plotted by his colleagues and local leaders. Around that time, it was alleged, he was transferred to a local health unit in Midnapore, the Vidyasagar Health Centre - which had a top CPM leader in their governing board. Saha refused to join there. For doing this he also earned the wrath of the local doctors' association.He alleged in his note that he was frustrated by frequent transfers and the indifferent attitude of colleagues. Saha claims he had written to the medical supervisor of Midnapore Medical College hospital in September 2009 but his complaint was not taken seriously. He had also written to Chief Minister Mamata Bannerjee, who is also the health minister-in-charge, in June 2011 and again in April 2012.Saha is survived by wife Shalini and an eight-year-old son Shreyam. Saha's body is expected to reach Midnapore tomorrow. Meanwhile, the officials and CPM leaders, whom he had blamed for his suicide, refused to speak on the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14145484", "title": "Transfer of English course for Chinese students from city university to private college causes stir", "text": "COIMBATORE: It seems Bharathiar University's much hyped tryst with Chinese students fond with English is over. After offering a BA English literature programme for Chinese students for about two years, the university has handed over the task of running the course to a private college in Sulur.While university authorities are maintaining that the course was shunted out of its campus due to financial problems, sources in the academic community believe it was because of the discord between university authorities and then Vice Chancellor G Thiruvasagam, who started a number of innovative courses including the English language course for Chinese students.G Thiruvasagam, who introduced the course in 2008 when he was the Vice-Chancellor of Bharathiar University, said that the course was introduced observing the demand for English courses among Chinese students. The Chinese are looking to learn English in other countries. So we decided to use this as an opportunity,\" he said.The BA English programme which is a one-year course was meant for the Chinese students who had completed high school in addition to 12 a three year diploma in English in their native country, said officials. The university was conducting UG (undergraduate) courses for the first time. After the 1-year programme they were given degree certificates. In the first 2 batches, conducted in the university campus, around 40 students passed out. University authorities claimed that all of them were well placed later. According to them, the students were placed mostly in Chinese industries as they want students who are proficient in English.However, later the particular course was transferred to RVS College of Arts and Science in Sulur. When contacted, C Swaminathan, the vice chancellor of Bharathiar University said that the course will resume next year as they are constructing an international hostel for the students. \"We stopped it as a temporary measure. There is nothing more to it,\" he said.A former student said that the present students are not able to enjoy the same type of quality education offered during the first couple of years. \"This could be because of the sub-standard teachers which is typical of a self-financing college. Students have severe restrictions in travelling ,\" said one of the students.However, Shelia Jeyaraj, heading the English department at RVS college denies the charges. She says that for the last 2 years they were able to admit 18 and 15 students respectively. \"We are able to run the course better than what the university had to offer,\" she says. The Chinese students are taught only by experienced teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "14141257", "title": "Govt-empanelled teachers of Haryana on Delhi protest march", "text": "AMBALA: Hundreds of Haryana Teacher Eligibility Test (HTET) qualified youth began a foot march from Ambala to Delhi on Thursday, as a show of protest against the state government's move to exempt select aspirants from teachers' post.The government had recently given exemption to those who possess teaching experience of minimum four years. It is widely believed that the decision favours guest teachers, who have been demanding regularization in recruitment process.\"We know it is difficult to walk in the scorching heat for 10 days on NH-1, but we could not postpone the agitation as the state government is playing with our future,\" said Tilak Raj, state president of Berojgar Adhyapak Sangh. Once in the national capital, they will submit a memorandum to the President of India, UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi and other senior leaders.Haryana government had advertised around 14,000 posts of lecturers (school cadre) last week. At present, there are around 1.25 lakh HTET qualified youths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14146377", "title": "More trouble for Muslim League MLA PK Basheer", "text": "KOCHI: More trouble is on the way for Muslim League MLA PK Basheer, who was booked by police this week for inciting murder of two persons, as a petition filed at the Kerala high court challenges the UDF government's decision to withdraw a similar case registered against him in relation to the death of school teacher James Augustine.In a petition filed through advocate S Rajeev, Abdul Wahab K from Malappuram has challenged UDF government's decision to withdraw the case related to the school teacher's death during Youth League's blockade against cluster meeting of teachers after he was allegedly kicked on the chest by activists.The petition questions the withdrawal of case against PK Basheer, who allegedly threatened in a public meeting at Edavanna that those giving evidence against Muslim League would have their legs chopped off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14144046", "title": "Tax officials crack whip against Malbhat vendor", "text": "MARGAO: Margao commercial tax officers raided a wholesale vendor at Malhbat, Margao, and stopped a tempo from Hubli that had arrived at the store carrying 60 boxes of edible oil on Thursday. A private company had filed a complaint with the commercial tax department in Panaji, about the \"illegal import of oil\" following which Santosh Kundaikar, assistant commissioner of commercial tax , Margao, was asked to investigate the matter.Kundaikar along with commercial tax officer Deepak Gaonkar carried out the raid at noon and said that the driver of the tempo was not able to identify the dealer who had given him the 60 boxes.\"Under Section 75 of the Goa Value Added Tax Act, 2005, there is a provision to levy a 20% penalty of the invoice or impose twice the rate of the taxes,\" said Kundaikar. The commercial tax officials fined wholesale vendor R F Sakre and further investigations are under way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14152627", "title": "Doctors to strike work on June 25", "text": "HYDERABAD: Hundreds of doctors of various healthcare establishments in the state are likely to boycott work on June 25 in response to a one-day all-India strike call given by the Indian Medical Association (IMA). IMA, the largest professional body of doctors having around 2 lakh members countrywide, is opposing the abolition of Medical Council of India (MCI) and introduction of Bachelor of Rural Health Care (BRHC) course among other issues.Demanding restoration of MCI, IMA members said that functioning of MCI is crucial so that the practitioners and medical education can be controlled by medical graduates themselves. The proposed body, National Commission for Human Resources in Health (NCHRH), if formed, will be a super-arching body on all the councils of medical profession, they said. \"All the councils will be governed and managed by the nominees of the government and not by elected persons of the medical profession. There is no provision for representation of professional associations and action taken by this commission cannot be challenged in any court of law,\" said Dr V S Prasad, president, IMA, AP Chapter. \"All the powers of the other councils will be lost,\" the members said.Opposing the central government's decision to launch a three-and-a-half year BRHC course to provide healthcare professionals for the rural masses, the doctors said that it is most likely to produce half-baked healthcare professionals. \"Why doesnt the government develop rural healthcare facilities and attract the regular MBBS doctors. By creating a condensed course such as BRHC, it is discriminating between the rural and urban population which is wrong. Sending half-baked doctors to rural areas is infringing their rights and also dangerous for rural healthcare,\" said Dr Prasad. The members suggest that improving emergency healthcare facilities, paying attractively to the doctors and giving them subsidies to set up healthcare establishments will ensure sufficient healthcare resources in rural areas.Further, the association has demanded that the NEET exam should be introduced in 2014 as against 2013. They reasoned that the syllabus at the intermediate level differs in each state and language is also different in each state and hence, it is a tough task for the students to accustom to the entirely new and confusing syllabus. \"We are holding a protest in the city on June 25,\" said Dr R S Saluja, state president, AP Private Hospitals and Nursing Homes Association (APNA) that has 7,000 members across the state. While government doctors are also members of IMA, they are not likely to participate in the strike. IMA on its part has given a call to the doctors to boycott all the services barring emergencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14145063", "title": "Now, a global treat", "text": "To appease the City of Joy's changing tastes, Khanasutra, the latest offering from The Chrome Hotel, is all set to put the world on your platter.Through an assortment of novel appetizing inclusions in its carte du jour comprising Continental, Italian, Chinese, Thai and Indonesian, Khanasutra is introducing World Cuisine from June 15. The chefs have travelled the length and breadth of the world to unravel new culinary trends in global cuisine.The lip-smacking signature delicacies include the sumptuous Baby Portobello Mushroom, the fresh and tangy Chimchuri Cottage Cheese Steak, chatpata Phaldari Chaat and the exotic Chilly Milly Kebab. The delectable Murg Wajid Ali and melt-inyour-mouth Kofta Mulayam-e-Kashmiri are the icing on the cake. The menu includes appetizers, soups, main course dishes and desserts like the delectable Chocolate Darsaan, among others. A meal for two would cost 1,200- 1,500.The dishes, prepared with fresh ingredients, can be enjoyed in a gazebo and the ambience too is nothing short of a foodie's delight.For further information, contact Indranil Banerjee, restaurant manager@9163356498, Direct Hotel: 30963096", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14152688", "title": "One more company duped in the fake DMRC tender case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Further investigations into the fake tenders issued in the name of DMRC have found that accused had tried to cheat other engineering companies using the same module. The cops have recovered post-dated bank cheques that were issued by at least two other engineering companies for the accused. However, unlike in the first case, the accused did not get a chance to encash them as the cops caught up with them. The questioning of one of the accused, presently in police remand, has revealed this. The probe has also found that some of the letterheads used to issue fake documents in the name of DMRC were original even though the stamps and signatures of top officials of DMRC were fake.The police said that they were yet to arrest the DMRC's ``insider'' who passed the letterheads to the accused. ``The truth is that no permanent employee of DMRC is involved with the fraud in any way. Since the accused were3 contractual junior level employees, tracing them is taking some time,'' said a source.Meanwhile, additional DCP Sanjay Bhatia said that they are looking into the financial implications of the crime too. ``We are looking into the various accounts where this money was deposited. We have frozen these accounts but we are also looking into the fake bank assurances that the accused prepared,'' said Bhatia.The scam had come to light after the brass of a leading construction company in the city was duped to the tune of Rs 1 crore (used as a bribe) when it was offered Rs 665 crore worth of projects that was ``awarded by the DMRC.'' Several documents used in the elaborate fraud had fake signatures and rubber stamps of six officials presently employed with a construction giant and DMRC. The crime branch had received a written complaint from the chairman and managing director of a leading private construction company that he had been duped of Rs. 87 Lakh by a gang of cheats over a period of several months.Investigations revealed that in lieu of the money, the cheats had promised work contracts worth Rs 90 Lakh of DMRC and 575 Crores of the construction major.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14141375", "title": "Rush for sale, submission of forms in DU", "text": "NEW DELHI: With just three days left for the closing of the application process of undergraduate admissions of Delhi University , rush for sale and submission of forms is back.But many students from far off places were unaware about the return of the pre-admission registration process which discontinued last year, resulting in large number of students from outside flocking the campus for the admission forms at the last minute.According to the office of the dean of students' welfare, in the past two days large number of students queued up for forms. \"I realized that unlike last year we need to fill up pre-admission registration forms last week and rushed to Delhi. I was assuming that we can come to Delhi around the time the first cutoff is declared and directly go the colleges for admission as per cutoff,\" said Pankaj Hazarika, an aspirant from Guwahati.The rush for submission is gradually peaking with a total of offline forms submission touching 70,000 on Thursday. Total number of students who submitted their forms online is 26,000 by Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14145000", "title": "Allen Stanford jailed for 110 years in fraud case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Disgraced American businessman Allen Stanford , who bankrolled a $20 million Twenty20 match between England and West Indies before being convicted of defrauding investors, has been sentenced to 110 years in prison.The Texan financier was convicted of 13 charges of fraud. He was found guilty of defrauding investors of more than seven billion dollars.The 62-year-old created quite a flutter during his association with the England and Wales Cricket Board which later became an embarrassment for the body. He was arrested in 2009 after an investigation by the United States regulators.But Stanford has always denied any wrongdoing. He told the District Judge David Hittner at his sentencing hearing: \"I did not defraud anybody\".\"I'm not here to ask for sympathy or forgiveness or to throw myself at your mercy. I did not run a Ponzi scheme. I didn't defraud anybody.\"Prosecutors had demanded a 230-year sentence for the businessman, it was reported.Stanford signed a five-year deal with the ECB worth $100 million but after fraud cases against him came to light, it left the English board red-faced.He was knighted in 2006 but was later stripped of the title.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14144008", "title": "Energy efficient ratings to be made mandatory for TV sets", "text": "PUNE: The energy efficiency ratings, which are currently seen on refrigerators and air-conditioners, will soon be applicable to LCD, plasma and CRT categories in television sets. The government has exempted LED category so far, said Deepanshu Ahuja, project manager at the Bureau of Energy Efficiency (BEE). Currently, these ratings are voluntary for television sets, but soon it will be made mandatory, he added.The BEE is a statutory board under the Union ministry of power, which first introduced the energy efficiency norms and made it mandatory for companies to implement.Speaking to reporters here on Thursday, Ahuja said, \"Air-conditioning system is the highest energy consuming equipment compared to refrigerators and television sets. The BEE introduced energy efficiency rating for it to bring down energy consumption and save power for other good reasons. It would also bring more products under the efficiency ratings.\"Currently, ACs, refrigerators and distribution transformers are covered under energy efficiency ratings. These ratings were introduced in 2006 and eventually made mandatory for the equipmentmanufacturers to follow the ratings and produce equipment with BEE's efficiency labels on it.Today, products with 1 star or 2 star ratings are sold cheaper than those of higher ratings, such as five stars. But, energy efficiency of higher star ratings is higher and consumers would save more energy with its use, claims the BEE.The bureau, in association with the Emerson Climate Technologies , has come up with a mobile application which would help a customer to calculate energy efficiency of a product the customer is planning to buy. It will be useful for multi-brand outlets too, as the salesperson can calculate the efficiency for the customer.BEE has upgraded the requirements for star rating of split type room ACs in January. The idea is to spread awareness, as well as continuous upgradation of standards to make the equipment more efficient, said Ahuja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14143924", "title": "Cabinet gives nod to convert farm land for industry use", "text": "BANGALORE: Over 500 acres of farm land across the state was approved to be converted to industrial purpose. The cabinet, which met on Thursday, gave permission for five industries -- including that of industries minister Murugesh R Nirani's sugar company - to convert agricultural land to industrial use.Nirani's company was given approval for 74.08 acres of agricultural land in Mudhol taluk, Bagalkot district; RBSSN Ferrous Pvt Ltd for 123.63 acres in Hagaribommanahalli, Bellary district; Xindia Steels Ltd for 18.22 acres in Hipparagi, Bijapur district; JK Cements Ltd for 34.14 acres in Mudapur, Bagalkot district, and Radhakrishna Education Trust for 21.07 acres in Kanakapura, Ramanagaram district.Law and parliamentary affairs minister S Suresh Kumar told reporters the cabinet gave the green signal for the proposals, following clearance from the high power committee headed by the chief secretary. Section 109 of the Karnataka Land Revenue Act, 1961, permits conversion of agricultural land into industrial purpose. Nirani is said to have stayed out of the cabinet meeting when the subject pertaining to his company came up for discussion. Later, he clarified that the land belongs to him, but has to get permission of the cabinet before converting it to industrial purpose.The cabinet also approved the regularization of unauthorized residential constructions in non-BBMP city corporations and CMCs. Residential buildings constructed before January 1, 2012, will be regularized if the construction is not on open drains, roads, in parks, playgrounds and forest land. The Karnataka Land Revenue Act, 1964, will be amended for this purpose.Cleared by Naheed", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14141112", "title": "Muktsar homemaker tops Punjab Civil Services exams", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Amaninder Kaur, a homemaker from Muktsar district, has topped the Punjab Civil Services (PCS) exams, the results of which were announced by the Punjab Public Service Commission (PPSC) on Thursday.Nayan Jassal, a qualified dentist and an experienced radio jockey from Phagwara, has bagged the second position.Sanjiv Sharma, who is a field officer in the civil supplies department and hails from Gurdaspur, came third.Amaninder, 31, who got married last year to an advocate in Bhagsar village of Muktsar, scored 708 marks out of 1,000.\"I am very happy and surprised to get the first rank. My entire family has been very supportive all this while,\" said Amaninder, who was an MSc topper in zoology in Panjab University.\"I always dreamt of becoming an officer and finally my dream has come true. I am also preparing for the UPSC exams,\" said Amaninder, who has done her LLB from PU.Nayan, 27, a resident of Phagwara, graduated in dental surgery in 2008 from Sri Guru Ram Dass Dental College Amritsar and then she became a radio jockey in May 2008 with an FM channel.As she aspired to join civil services and started preparing for PCS, Nayan resigned from her job in October 2009 to concentrate on studies.It's the first recruitment of PCS officers by PPSC in the last 11 years in Punjab, which has been facing a shortage of officers for many years now.A 'cash for job' controversy had hit the PCS recruitment in 2002 and the Punjab police had arrested the then PPSC chairman Ravi Sidhu.The PPSC has declared results for 180 posts of PCS officers which include 38 posts of PCS officer (executive), DSP, excise and taxation officer and district food controller.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14141689", "title": "Health dept to encourage blood donation", "text": "JAIPUR: The medical, health and family welfare department will encourage voluntary blood donation in the state by organizing camps in all the districts. The department will assign officials in each district to hold workshops in the next one month to sensitize and educate people so that they donate blood voluntarily.A department official said that as per the National Aids Control Organization guidelines , there should be one per cent of the total population in the state that should donate blood voluntarily. \"If the population of the state is 6 crore than there should be 6 lakh voluntary blood donors,\" the official said.During the financial year of 2011-12 , the total blood donation in the state was 5,32,438 units.The official said that they are encouraging young people to donate blood. A private blood bank secretary Dr SS Agarwal said, \"In urban areas people are well aware about the benefits of voluntary blood donations. But, in rural areas there is no awareness about it. So blood donation camps should be organized in the rural areas to encourage the people living in remote areas.\"He said that the percentage of replacement blood donation is higher than the percentage of voluntary blood donation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14150590", "title": "Maoists recruiting minority youths", "text": "GUWAHATI: The arrest of a Maoist in the city on June 8 has brought to the fore the CPI (Maoist)'s new trend of recruiting minority youths in the state.Monowar Hussain, whose assumed name is Naresh, was arrested at Dhirenpara in the city, which led the police to search for another youth from the minority community, Amiruddin alias Sunil, who's still on the run. \"Monowar and Amiruddin are from Dhubri district and are the trainers for Maoists' new recruits in the state,\" a source said.\"This is something new and we were not exploring this angle of minority youths being tapped by Maoists till we arrested Monowar,\" the source said. The two became Maoist cadres in 2007 and were trained in guerilla fighting at Gaya in Bihar. Amiruddin is, in fact, in charge of armed training in the state, the source added.All this while security forces only had information about Ahom, Moran and Adivasi boys from the state and Khamti boys of Arunchal Pradesh being recruited by the CPI (Maoist).\"We have information about Amiruddin being holed up somewhere in West Bengal. We have sent a special team to the state. Amiruddin's home is in Medertari under Fakirganj police station, where the April 30 boat tragedy had taken place. We raided his house but his family members told us that he left home about a year ago,\" the source said.Security forces are now trying to delve into the reason for Maoists recruiting minority youths. \"The question could be put the other way around \u2014 why are minority youths in the state looking up to Maoists while the huge population of Adivasi youths in the state have been keeping them at bay so far,\" the source said.Different theories have been floated and one suggests that all along, security forces have been ignoring the huge population of minority youths, who could be as gullible to armed groups as any other community in the state. \"In the past, we have seen minority youths being lured into militant outfits like the Muslim United Liberation Tigers of Assam,\" the source added.\"For Maoists, the most backward areas are the most fertile ground for finding recruits and spreading their base. While in other parts of the country the Adivasi areas are underdeveloped, the Muslim-dominated char areas in the state, which are hit by annual floods, are backward,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14151340", "title": "BJP holds city executive meet", "text": "VADODARA: The city unit of the BJP held its executive committee meeting in the city. While the meet was otherwise a routine affair, it was even attended by some old-timers who are perceived to be close to former state organising secretary and former national executive committee member Sanjay Joshi and former chief minister Keshubhai Patel .The meeting was held with a focus on the ensuing 'Jail Bharo' programme over the petrol price hike and the 'Sangathan Parva' membership drive of the party. The party functionaries were informed in the meeting on Tuesday night that they should also gear up for the assembly polls and be prepared for challenges posed by the opposition.City unit president Bharat Dangar briefed the gathering about the party's stance on the petrol price hike. He told the executive committee members that the party would demand complete withdrawal of the price rise and conduct the 'Jail Bharo' programme on June 22.Following this the 'Sangathan Parva' will begin on June 23. The party will also collect toys and books from citizens as a part of its drive to distribute these to underprivileged children of the city.The meet is being touted as a routine one, but clearly indicated that through programmes and otherwise it was an attempt to galvanise the party machinery for the polls. Former organising secretary of the city Jitendra Rai and former councillor Hasmukh Patel both believed to be close to Joshi and Keshubhai too were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14144006", "title": "Cops trap man trying to sell tiger skin at Porvorim", "text": "Mapusa: In a well-planned operation Porvorim police arrested one Sanjay Pawar for carrying a tiger skin on Thursday afternoon. Police suspect the skin to be that of a full-grown tiger.The skin will be sent for analysis to wildlife institute of India (WII), Dehradun. \"This is done for legal purposes,\" a forest officer said. Police were tipped off around noon that a person would arrive in Porvorim in a blue car with a tiger skin to be sold. Accordingly Porvorim DySP Bossuet Silva and PI CL Patil formed two teams, including a decoy, to trap the seller.Police said that at about 12.30pm Pawar, holding a white polythene bag arrived at Porvorim and was waiting for the prospective customer. He was immediately surrounded by police and searched.\"The skin of a full grown tiger was found in the polythene bag which has been seized. The car has also been attached,\" Silva said. He added that it was not a fresh skin, but an old and cured skin. Analysis by WII will help ascertain its age. From P 1Pawar, presently residing at Pilerne, is originally from Sawantwadi, Maharashtra. He was arrested under Section 51 of Wildlife Protection Act and handed over to range forest officer at Campal for further action.Police said Sawantwadi police have been informed and Pawar's house was searched but no other skins found.PSI Vikram Naik, constables Shyam Mahale, Satish Sawant and Melvyn Cardozo were part of the operation.Mapusa based NGO Pratistha aided police in the operation. NGO president Deepak Gadekar said he provided information to police in the operation.The skin, sealed in the presence of witnesses, will be analyzed for various aspects. Investigations are in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "14147089", "title": "Poverty drives mother to sell newborn twin daughters", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: Poverty drove a 32-year-old woman to sell two of her newborn girl children in Tirunelveli.The woman, deserted by her husband had sold her babies for Rs 25,000 and Rs 15,000 respectively to two persons in Tenkasi. Police have arrested the woman as well as five other conduits, who arranged for the sale of the babies to childless couples.Police said that Selvi (32) wife of Sudalai of Naduvakurichi in Tirunelveli district was living alone in Suthamalli as her husband deserted her. Selvi had an eight-year-old daughter and had given birth to twin girl babies in January this year. After five months of raising them, Selvi was worried about the future of her children. Though she carried out odd jobs in the locality even as she had to nurse the infants, Selvi was finding it difficult to make the both ends meet, police said.It was then that a neighbour Fathima (34) allegedly suggested that Selvi could sell off the two infants. \"Fathima, through her relative in Melapalayam, identified as Suleka made arrangements for selling one of the babies to Ayyasamy - Mariammal couple residing in Thittangkulam near Kovilpatti. Fathima also arranged to sell another baby to Muniswaran (40) of Housing Board Colony in Tenkasi with the help of Ponnuthayi of Sambavar Vadakarai,\" police said.Muniswaran in turn sold the baby to Thangasamy of Vadalivilai in Kanyakumari district for a sum of Rs 15,000. The other baby was sold to Ayyasamy for Rs 25,000, police said. Police have arrested Selvi, Fathima, Suleka, Muniswaran, Ponnuthayi and Velusamy, who also acted as a conduit. All the six were produced in a local court and sent to various prisons.During interrogation, Selvi told the police that she was working as a daily wage labourer and was struggling to raise three children. \"In fact, even before she delivered the babies, she had expressed apprehension over raising the children single-handedly and Fathima had assured that she will take care of the problem. Fathima had apparently planned to sell the babies even before they were born. Fathima had also spent for medication during the delivery of the babies,\" a police official said. However, Selvi had told the police though she sold the baby, she was yet to receive the money.The information about the sale of the babies reached the authorities of Saranalayam, an NGO, who in turn informed the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "14150681", "title": "Wasepur residents demand ban on screening of film", "text": "DHANBAD: Agitated over the \"bad taste\" in which they have been portrayed in \" Gangs of Wasepur\" filmed by Anurag Kashyap, residents of Wasepur -- a predominantly Muslim area located between Dhanbad and Bhuli industrial workers township -- have demanded a ban on its screening. The residents have filed a petition in Ranchi high court under Section 5 of the Indian Cinematography Act to enforce a ban on its screening.The residents have also approached the Dhanbad DC recommending a ban on its screening in the district as they apprehend it may lead to law and order problem and tension in the district.The chairmen the BJP and RJD minority cells have also joined the issued and appealed to the district administration to disallow screening of the film in district cinema halls as Muslims of the area have been shown in bad light to the viewers.Javed Khan, who filed the pet ition before the Ranchi high court told TOI here, \"The film presents women and girls of the area too in a very uncharitable manner. Who will marry the girls of Wasepur after seeing the film. The students getting admitted in higher educational institutions outside will face humiliations and worst the kind of ragging if others come to know they are from Wasepur. I am afraid the brilliant students of the area may also be rejected by the interview boards if they see the birth place of the candidates as Wasepur.\"Mansoor Alam, a resident of Quamar Makhdoomi Road of Wasepur with population of over two lakh Muslims divided in five municipal wards, said: \"Everyone has forgotten Wasepur's past. They want to revive the trouble and tension through the film. The younger generations will learn the wrong lessons from the film. They want to pollute the young minds through the film. When there is no gang in Wasepur, why \"Gangs of Wasepur\"?Sedaf Naaz, a young journalist working with a local Hindi paper, said: \"Wasepur is now no more a conservative Muslim society. I too wear jeans and return home in the night after my office work is over. There is an IAS from Wasepur in the 2008 batch, over 100 IITians from Wasepur. The film should have projected positive things about Wasepur.\"Naaz regretted due to poor image of Wasepur, the commercial banks did not open any branch in the area. There is no ATM and people go to Bank More laocted four km from Wasepur for availing ATM facilities. The government is also indifferent towards the area. It did not open a hospital or any school in Wasepur. There is Millat School run by the minorities in two shifts for boys and girls separately.Mohammad Zubar Alam, vice-president of Athletics Association of Dhanbad, also regretted the film was presenting Wasepur in bad taste. Promos of the film are presenting visuals of brothels and firings in the area. The trouble had started over a small road side shop (gumti) in 1984 between Fahim Khan and Shabir Alam.They became top contractors, mostly in the railways. The two groups had violent clashes, resulting in one side losing six members of his family, including the mother and sister of Fahim, who is in Dhanbad Central Jail and Shabbir Alam, who is in Hazaribagh Central Jail. They had clashed inside the office of the divisional railway manager officer at Dhanbad two years back and one person was gunned down in broad day light.Javed Khan, who heads the minorities cell of the BJP, alleged that there was a conspiracy to defame Wasepur outside. \"The characters of the film are real living personalities of Wasepur which, in itself, is a real town. The words and languages used in the film are abusive, which the people of Wasepur do not use. It is different from our culture. They are showing brothels in the area and teen agers using firearms. It is not done at Wasepur. They should have better named the film as \"Gangs of Dhanbad\" or \"Gangs of Jharia\", but then they would have invited trouble from the real coal mafia.Khan said he had earlier sent a letter to the Union information and broadcasting secretary asking for a ban on filming the film. A resident of Jabbar campus in Waseopur, Khan said the secretary of I&B; ministry, chairman of Film Censor Boad, producer and director of the film have been made respondents in the petition.The residents would also lead a rally to the DC office seeking a ban on the film's screening, Javed said and regretted the girls and women were particulary upset about their image being \"tarnished\" by the dialogues and pictures in the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14149711", "title": "Subhash Ghai isn't producing Sunny Deol's next", "text": "Contrary to the reports Subhash Ghai is not producing Sunny Deol's shelved film Bhaiyaji Superhit.Subhash Ghai denies reports of co producing Sunny Deol's shelved project Bhaiyyaji Superhit .Bhaiyyaji Superhit has been shelved due to financial trouble. Directed by Neeraj Pathak this film had Sunny Deol in double role.When asked about it Subhash Ghai denied and informed about his forthcoming film, he said, \"No it's wrong news. We have to start our own three movies under Mukta Arts productions this year only.\"Bhaiyyaji Superhit also stars Mithun Chakraborty , Ameesha Patel and Arshad Warsi .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14144800", "title": "Presidential poll: Samajwadi Party against any attempt to destabilise UPA", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mamata Banerjee's attempt to turn the presidential race into a troublesome affair for Congress suffered a setback on Friday with her key ally, Samajwadi Party declaring that it was against any attempt to destabilise the government when the country was facing a serious financial crisis.\"At this stage, when the country is facing a serious financial crisis, making any attempt to destabilise the government and creating political instability will be hurtful to the nation,\" SP vice-president Mohan Singh said.Declaring that SP will never support NDA's candidate in the presidential poll, he asked, \"How could we support NDA led by BJP and communal forces... How can NDA be a secular force as long as Narendra Modi is there ?\"He said that SP was with UPA as it was \"led by secular forces\".\"That is why we are tolerating this government for the last three years without taking any share in power. Except in matters of corruption and rising prices, we are with UPA,\" he said, adding that on these two issues, SP will oppose the UPA tooth and nail.Mohan Singh claimed that three candidates announced by Trinamool Congress chief for the presidential poll are unlikely to contest as Somnath Chatterjee has expressed surprise over the development and A P J Abdul Kalam wants to be a consensus candidate.\"Without getting their prior consent, Mamata has announced their names,\" Singh said, adding that SP will decide on the issue of support in the presidential election after UPA and NDA announce their candidates.Seeking to mollify Trinamool Congress, Singh said that SP was \"100 per cent with Mamata and will stay with her\".At the same time, he said it was \"our duty\" to tell Mamata that \"the country is in great crisis and any move to destabilise the government is not fair\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14136751", "title": "Presidential polls: Stung by Cong charges, Mamata to skip UPA meet", "text": "NEW DELHI: UPA ally Trinamool Congress chief and West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee hardened her stand against Congress on Thursday afternoon, deciding to stay away from the UPA meeting called on Friday, after Congress leaders publicly accused her of violating \"decorum \" and \"misleading\" people about her conversation with Congress chief Sonia Gandhi on the presidential candidates, by Congress leaders.Denying the allegations, an angry Mamata told TOI that she had informed Sonia Gandhi about the three names that she would be discussing with Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav. \"We (Sonia and she) had almost an hour-long meeting and I also told her that I would tell the media waiting outside, the two names (Pranab Mukherjee and Hamid Ansari, in that order) that you have mentioned.\"The TMC chief disclosed that she had also mentioned to Sonia the names of Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar, Gopal Krishna Gandhi as well as ex-CEC S Y Qureshi, among the possibilities for Rashtrapati Bhawan.Mamata decided to boycott the UPA meeting immediately after I &B; minister Ambika Soni and Congress general secretary Janardan Dwivedi went public and blamed her for breaching the decorum by leaking privileged conversation. \"I have been here for more than 24 hours after we (Mulayam and she) announced our choice of names, but this is not my permanent residence, I have work in Kolkata and I will be leaving tomorrow,\" she said when asked whether she will be attending the UPA meeting.Almost threatening to leave the UPA, the West Bengal CM said, \"I don't want to break the alliance, but if they (Congress) feel I am unwanted, they should tell me and I will leave,\" she said, when asked whether her not voting for the official presidential candidate of the government would tantamount to breaking ranks with the ruling coalition.Before Soni and Dwivedi leveled their charge against her, the TMC chief had seemed relaxed and waiting for her evening meeting with Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav. The mood radically changed. By the time news of finance minister Pranab Mukherjee having spoken to CPM leader and former Bengal CM Buddhadeb Bhattacharya had reached her, she looked visibly upset. \" One decision taken by us has exposed Congress... when I was only speaking to people in the UPA. But Congress cheated its allies by speaking to the Left,\" she said indignantly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14140460", "title": "Mehdi loved Hyderabad\u2019s culture, recalls ghazal maestro\u2019s kin", "text": "HYDERABAD: Mehdi Hassan who breathed his last on Wednesday left an imprint on the city of nawabs that he immensely loved and which can never be erased. The legendary ghazal singer had Hyderabad mesmerized right from his first performance to a packed Fateh Maidan in the mid 1980s. As his popularity grew, so did his concerts in Hyderabad to an extent that Hyderabadis settled in different parts of the world continued to invite the king of ghazals for performances.\"Zarre zarre mein ghazal ko pahuncha diya unhoon nein,\" says ghazal singer Rajkumar Rizvi, 58, a relative of Mehdi Hassan and popularly known as the Mehdi Hassan of India. Currently in the city for a ghazal concert titled `Ghazal ka Safar', Rizvi who lives in Mumbai recalls that his uncle (Mehdi Hassan) loved Hyderabad for its culture, the city's nawabi shaan-o-shaukat and the crowd that was well acquainted with the Urdu language.Rajkumar Rizvi, who is known to share his style as well as his voice with Hassan, says that the legendary singer had last visited Hyderabad about five years ago for medical treatment. \"He was suffering from joint pains and had come to Hyderabad. After experimenting with the ayurvedic treatment here for some days, he then went to Kerala,\" says Rizvi.\"He has a lot of fans in Hyderabad. Even now people in Hyderabad have a greater understanding of Urdu. He cherished the city's composite culture,\" says Rizvi. He says that many Hyderabadis listen to difficult ghazals such as \"Ku ba ku phail gai baat shanasaai ki, us ne khusboo ki tarah meri pazeeraai ki\" of Hasan and goes on to say that for many of his fans, the day starts and ends with his ghazals even now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14145708", "title": "Doctor, 2 nurses suspended for negligence", "text": "NASHIK: A doctor and two nurses of Nashik Municipal Corporation's Indira Gandhi Hospital, Pan-chavati, were suspended on Thursday on grounds of negligence of duty on June 12, which resulted in the death of a newborn baby.Varsha Dnyaneshwar Gore (28), a resident of Kalika Nagar, Dindori Road was admitted for delivery at the hospital on June 11 at 4pm but was operated for caesarean section only on June 12 at 9am.The baby died after a while due to high blood pressure and low heart rate, according to the post-mortem report.The relatives complained against Dr Supriya Sankhe, who delayed the operation till June 12 and against night duty nurse Manisha Pravin Shinde for neglecting the patient on June 11. Dr A V Nikam, resident medical officer (outreach) was appointed to conduct an inquiry into the case.The hospital found Shinde, another nurse, Yaster Avinash Dariyapurkar and Dr Sankhe guilty of negligence of duty and the trio was suspended on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14138706", "title": "Hike in prices of hard drinks in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Your hic hic hurray moment will cost you a little more from Friday. Hard drinks such as whisky, gin, brandy , rum and vodka will cost more as excise duty on alcohol has been increased to 300% from 250%. Beer and wine, which are deemed less alcoholic, have been exempted.The hike will affect 250-280 brands of India Made Foreign Liquor such as Blenders Pride, Royal Challenge, Royal Stag, 100 Pipers etc. These will cost anything between Rs 10 and 30 more. The move is expected to enhance Delhi's excise revenue by Rs 100 crore this fiscal.The notification has been sent to all licensed liquor shops along with a fresh price list. \"Whisky is the most sold hard drink in Delhi and is consumed throughout the year. It will shoot up our revenue, but we also hope this would dissuade youngsters from drinking too much,\" said an official.In June last year, the government had increased the overall price of liquor by 10-15% by enforcing New Delhi Excise Rules 2011. But even then, beer and wine were left out of the ambit with wine prices registering a marginal increase of 5%.\"We want to encourage the sale of soft liquor over hard ones. Therefore, we have not increased duty on beer and wine,\" said a senior excise officer.Private and government liquor shop owners, however, said the price hike will not have much effect on sales. \"It's a marginal increase which is expected around this time of the year. We are glad that they have not increased the beer price as it is sold the most during this time of the year,\" said a DSIIDC official on condition of anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14151829", "title": "Mamata Banerjee is like my sister: Pranab Mukherjee", "text": "NEW DELHI: UPA presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee today sought the support of Trinamool Congress supremo Mamata Banerjee in the July 19 elections describing her as his sister.\"I also seek the support of Mamata Banerjee because she is like my sister,\" Mukherjee told reporters on being asked whether his appeal to political parties to back his candidature included Banerjee's Trinamool Congress.Gandhi named Mukherjee as UPA's nominee in the Presidential elections at a meeting of the ruling alliance here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14144851", "title": "Patna Medical College and Hospital docs on strike, patients suffer", "text": "PATNA: Junior doctors of Patna Medical College and Hospital (PMCH) went on an indefinite strike on Wednesday night following a pitched battle between them and the attendants of a patient who died in course of treatment at the paediatric ward of the hospital.The strike severely hit the functioning of the hospital with its emergency ward and OPD being badly affected. The patients and their attendants were a harassed lot as they were left unattended. New admissions also went down due to the ongoing strike.The junior doctors, on Thursday, submitted a memorandum to the PMCH principal, demanding adequate security to them and removal of superintendent and deputy superintendent of the medical college. The doctors also manhandled both the superintendent and the deputy superintendent when they tried to persuade the junior doctors to call off the strike.When contacted, PMCH principal Dr N P Yadav said, \"We have agreed to most of the demands of the students. If they do not withdraw their strike now, it will be construed as baseless and strict action will be taken against them. It was not only the attendants who had created a scene but the doctors also indulged in vandalism.\"He said tenders had already been issued for employing ex-army men in place of civilian securitymen presently deployed on the hospital premises. They would be deployed in 15-20 days. Again, the police outpost on the PMCH premises was nearly in a defunct condition, which would be revamped with increase in security personnel and deputation of a senior grade police officer.Meanwhile, principal secretary, health, Vyasji said, \"Doctors from other districts have been requisitioned to make the hospital function properly. The matter will be sorted out.\"On Wednesday evening, a 14-year-old child, Bittu Kumar, was admitted to PMCH from a private nursing home in the state capital as his condition worsened there. The condition of Bittu, son of one Kishore Singh of Karnauti village under Bakhtiyarpur police station in Patna district, worsened and he later died. His attendants got infuriated and entered into a scuffle with the doctors on duty, alleging negligence on part of them. The attendants beat up the junior doctors on duty and both sides indulged in vandalism. The doctors, in protest against the incident, went on indefinite strike. They maintained that the patient was brought in a critical condition and denied any negligence on part of them.The doctors other demands include action against the patient's attendants, Dr Yadav said, adding the police have already arrested two persons in this connection, acting on the FIR lodged by the junior doctors at Pirbahore police station. He, however, strongly disagreed with the doctors' demand of removal of the superintendent as he said, 'We will not heed this demand. They have also indulged in vandalism and manhandled him (superintendent), which has been captured by the CCTV installed on hospital premises. If they remain adamant on this point, we will be forced to take action against them as they are also on the wrong side.\"The junior doctors, however, remain adamant on their demand for removal of the superintendent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14143916", "title": "Did Pinki escape gender tests in Doha?", "text": "BANGALORE: Even as athletes and coaches expressed surprise at the news that Pinki Pramanik was arrested by Bengal police following allegations of rape, sources said the versatile Bengal athlete, who was also known for her \"rough\" behaviour, was quietly pulled out of the 2006 Doha Asian Games fearing double embarrassment.After Santhi Soundarajan failed the gender test at the Asian Games, the Indian contingent sensed danger and packed off Pinki, who was part of the gold winning 4x400m relay squad, to India at the earliest, it is learnt.\"In 2007 a medical team at the Sports Authority in Patiala conducted tests on Pinki and apparently she failed the gender test. It was then that the AFI issued her a warning and asked her not to compete in events in future,\" sources told TOI.Incidentally, the women's relay title was India's only gold in athletics from the Games. The AFI's muted warning explains why Pinki, who was part of the 4x400m medal winning squad in the Melbourne Commonwealth Games and Doha Asian Games, suddenly went missing from the national camps and competitions.\"It is clear that AFI told her to exit the scene. Otherwise there is no reason why a top athlete who was part of the prestigious relay squad did the vanishing act,\" sources said.Reacting to her arrest, another insider said it explained why a top athlete took a transfer to Kolkata to share a room with Pinki. \"After Pinki was forced to leave the camp this athlete took a transfer to Kolkata and stayed with her,\" he said.Another top athlete who has attended the national camp along with Pinki recalled. \"Looking back we used to wonder when she was boisterous, leaping over sofas after watching TV and stuff like that. In hindsight, some of her actions were suspicious. Also surprising was her ability to excel in all events from 100m to 1500m,\" she said.Even as a junior athlete, Pinki was no stranger to controversies. At the national junior athletics in Kollam in 2003, she broke the meet record in 400m but was in the dock for two different dates of birth - one with 1986 and the other with 1987 provided by the Bengal association to the local organizers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "veteran actor-turned-politician raj babbar was in ranchi recently to campaign for the polls. ranchi times spoke to him exclusively about life on screen and beyond. excerpts from a conversation", "code": "14150545", "title": "I am not writing any tell-all book about Smita: Raj Babbar", "text": "Veteran actor-turned-politician Raj Babbar was in Ranchi recently to campaign for the polls. Ranchi Times spoke to him exclusively about life on screen and beyond. Excerpts from a conversation:How do you find the city?I boarded the flight at 9am from Mumbai and, finally, hilte-dulte, I reached here at 1.30pm. Ranchi is a good place to live in not just because of the people but because there is warmth in the air.Did you always want to join politics or did politics just happen to you?I was a social activist even before joining the film industry. After completing my course at the National School of Drama, I went to Mumbai and started my career in movies. But even then, I used to work for social causes, including the rehabilitation of drug addicts. Subsequently, my involvement increased and I became a member of the Parliament.Which is more satisfying \u2014 to be an actor or a politician?Whatever recognition I have achieved till date is because of my profession, which is acting. If a person wants to do something beyond his profession, it doesn't mean that he has lost touch with his profession. People know me because of my movies. Politics is additional work for me.You are so choosy about the films you sign. Is it because politics keeps you engaged these days?I have always worked in movies but then, I also went through a transition phase. When I realized that age was catching up and it was time for my sons and daughter to take to acting, I decided to give it a break.So, what did you do?Slowly, I restricted myself to a few movies and got more involved in politics. Being an actor, good roles are always important. Before catching a flight to Ranchi, I was shooting for Khiladi 786 with Akshay Kumar and Asin. I am playing Akshay's father in the film. I am also working on the sequel of Sahib, Biwi Aur Gangster.Aren't you also doing Madhur Bhandarkar's Heroine ?I suppose so. But there is no role for me yet. Madhur is my friend and I told him that I want to do a role in his movie. But nothing has been confirmed as yet.Earlier this year, there was announcement that you were supposed to pen a book of pain about your relationship with Smita Patil...No, I am not writing any book. Writing is not my cup of tea. I don't know how this news broke out!Even if you are not writing a book, is there anything unknown about Smita Patil that you wish to reveal now?Smita was a great human being and nothing remains hidden about such people... nothing really. Aur mujhe iss baat par garv hai ki uske saath mera ek sambandh tha... ek rishta tha . I am proud of my relationship with her.Children often tend to inherit their parent's characteristics. When you see Prateik, whom do you think he resembles more?Jab bhi main usse dekhta hoon, mujhe usme Smita dikhayi deti hai . I don't know what my eyes say but this I am saying from my heart.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad/visakhapatnam", "code": "14139705", "title": "Steel Navratna\u2019s pride in tatters: Is safety ignored at VSP?", "text": "HYDERABAD/VISAKHAPATNAM: During the national safety day celebrations at the Visakhapatnam Steel Plant (VSP) in March this year, CMD AP Choudhary said productivity of the organisation is directly linked to its safety performance which, in turn, will have a huge bearing on the plant's profitability. He went on to claim that VSP had made giant strides in improving safety in the plant. D Chandra Sekhar Varma, joint chief inspector of factories, who also spoke, was no less eloquent when he lauded the VSP for showing 'very positive' signs of declining rate of accidents.Contrary to their claims, eight major mishaps have taken place in the steel plant in the last one year. While Wednesday night's disaster was waiting to happen, a big question mark hangs over safety at VSP with lives of workers and officers in danger. A safety department is in place since 1990 and each of the process plants has a dedicated safety officer who is responsible for advising the plant with regard to safety aspects. But shockingly, safety norms have been neglected by the authorities even as the plant expansion works taken up at Rs 12,500 crore are on at a feverish pace. Sources said a risk strategy group was allegedly disbanded during the tenure of CMD PK Bishnoi. \"Safety is not about wearing helmets or shoes. Focus should be on the safety of the equipment and those who handle the key units in a highly combustible environment but the management is clueless,\" pointed out a senior executive in the blast furnace unit. Enquiries have revealed that too much dependence on contract labour even in critical units is leading to mishaps at regular intervals. \"Had the senior managers isolated the valve to absolve the abnormal pressure building up in the oxygen plant, the explosion could have been averted but who will take the call,\" the officer sought to know.The blast on Wednesday night was caused by improper supply of oxygen to the converter in the steel melting shop II. The technical staff reportedly blew oxygen not once, but thrice to the converter, due to which the gas gushed back at great pressure and exploded. According to industry experts, the oxygen section is a crucial part of a steel plant as it helps facilitate the extraction of steel from iron. Once the iron is melted in the blast furnace, it is taken into the basic oxygen furnace where oxygen is blown over the molten iron to remove impurities such as carbon, sulphur, etc. Once the carbon in the molten iron is brought below a certain percentage it becomes steel. \"Oxygen is a dangerous commodity but it cannot explode unless there is a highly explosive mixture. There seems to have been some problem with the oxygen flow and perhaps when they were not getting adequate oxygen, they tried to fiddle with it causing the blast,\" pointed out a former officer. \"The blast surely must have been caused by some slippage somewhere. All accidents occur due to negligence,\" reasoned a former top gun of VSP.Plant sources said skilled persons and experienced officials are not at hand to manage key units such as pressure gauge, motor guards and circuit section. \"Where the hot metal at 3,000 degrees and water interact, even a slight aberration could lead to a catastrophe. It's like an atom bomb which could explode any moment,\" explained YSR Congress leader Jupudi Prabhakar, who worked as a metallurgical engineer in Midhani.Another point in question is that employees and officers sent abroad for training on blast furnace management get posting in sinter plant and other units. Some time back, a group of officers and employees was sent abroad for training in blast furnace but they were posted in another wing after they returned. \"Previously, the management used to send newly-recruited employees to Bhilai, Rourkela and Bokaro steel plants for training. But now the focus is more on commissioning of new units, expansion of business and filing success reports,\" rued Bharat, a senior official in the steel melting shop (SMS).The unions have on several occasions asked the management to take better safety initiatives. \"After each accident the management constitutes a committee to probe but soon, the reports are buried in cold storage,\" said steel plant employees' union leader D Adinarayana. Moreover, the companies, which are erecting the new machinery, are not extending the complete expertise to officials, insiders said. Though VSP is well served by 17,500-strong workforce, including 5,000 executives, junior officers and freshers are drafted to handle key tasks. \"It's suicidal. How long will the management play with the lives of the employees? There are several contract workers from Bihar, Chhattisgarh and Odisha who are recruited in fabrication, welding and SMS units,\" Shankaraiah, a worker, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14146363", "title": "Soumitra Chatterjee's contribution is unparalleled", "text": "Soumitra Chatterjee has won many awards - the Padma Shree, the Padma Bhushan and the National Award for Best Actor. Recently, he was honoured with India's highest award in cinema given annually by the Government of India for lifetime contribution to Indian cinema - the Dadasaheb Phalke Award. And so, members of the Mumbai Bengali Cultural Association got together to organise a felicitation ceremony for the veteran actor.Meenoo Chatterjee, the founder of the association says, \"We are very thankful to Mumbaiites for attending the ceremony of the legendary actor Soumitra Chatterjee. Our organisation will continue to bring the best of Bengal to Mumbai and vice versa.\"Founder member Anjan Chatterjee says, \"We realised that Bengalis in Mumbai get together only during the Durga Puja and we felt the need for cultural activity throughout the year. A continuous cross-cultural activity is what we are looking at now. Meenoo came up with the idea that we should begin by felicitating Soumitra Chatterjee. We contacted the star and he finally found time to come down here, a few days back.\"Another active member Harshita, armed with a degree from FTII and a Film Communication course from London, feels the need to take Marathi theatre and movies to West Bengal. \"We are going to screen Kaksprash with subtitles in Kolkata soon. We recently facilitated the screening of Bhuter Bhabishyat here,\" says Anjan.The members believe that there is a lot in common among the people of West Bengal and Maharashtra. Singer Mitali Bhupinder Singh, another active member says, \"Theatre and art is very popular here as well as in Bengal.\"Anjan believes that there is a huge cultural similarity between Maharashtrians and Bengalis. \"And I am not saying this because my daughter Harshita recently got married to a Maharashtrian boy, Aditya Deshpande,\" he says with a laugh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14145224", "title": "Lekha Rathnakumar composes for Telugu flick", "text": "Lekha Rathnakumar who better known for his interesting jingles and tele serials is now busy in composing music for Telugu thriller '6'.Being the 100th movie of Telugu star Jagapathy Babu, 6 is a crime thriller directed by Sri Kanth Linkat, a debutant. He is also make an appearance in the movie.Speaking about his experience as a composer Lekha Rathnakumar says, \"When I watched Srikanth's '6? for the first time, I understood that the movie needs music a lot. So I worked out a lot to design the suitable music for the same. After I completed my work, the director pleasantly accepted that the film sounds like a Hollywood make!\"Sri Kanth Linkath, the director of the movie is now signed Lekha Rathnakumnar as the music director for his next project also.Source: kollywoodtoday.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14144041", "title": "14 bills will be tabled in assembly today", "text": "KOLKATA: The extended budget session of the state assembly would begin on Friday with 14 bills to be placed in the House. Trinamool and the Left legislative parties have convened an MLAs' meeting on Friday to discuss their strategies for the nearly month-long session.Some of the Bills to be tabled include the Indian Stamp (West Bengal Amendment) Bill 2010, West Bengal Town and Country (Planning and Development) Amendment Bill, 2012, Howrah Improvement Amendment Bill, 2012, and West Bengal Backward Classes (other than SC and ST) Reservation of vacancies in services and posts Bill 2012.The Indian Stamp (West Bengal Amendment) Bill 2010 was passed by the erstwhile Left Front government but the President had returned it asking for two amendments, the Speaker said. The Bill envisaged the disputes to be resolved by a tribunal; the President wants the High court to decide on it. \"This will brought with adequate amendments,\" Government chief whip Sovandeb Chattopadhyay said.To a question if the West Bengal Land Acquisition, Rehabilitation and Settlement Bill, 2012, would be tabled during the session, Speaker Biman Banerjee said, \"It is yet to receive instruction for publication\". The concerned department - in this case the land and land reforms department headed by the chief minister herself - has to notify the assembly on the Bill to set in motion the process. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee had earlier stressed that the Land Bill would be tabled in this session.The Speaker denied the allegation that the opposition was being denied an opportunity to speak. Assembly opposition leader and CPM politburo member Surjya Kanta Mishra said, \"We have been assured of adequate opportunity to speak. However, we've always tried to maintain the decorum and not stall any proceedings just for the sake of opposing. We've in fact supported certain government moves.\"Both the Left and Trinamool have convened their legislative party meetings on Friday. Trinamool chiefwhip Sovandeb Chattopadhyay said, \"All Trinamool legislators have been asked to meet at noon. The state parliamentary affairs minister Partha Chatterjee will convene it.\" To a question, Chattopadhyay said the chief minister will be unable to attend the meeting tomorrow, but she will address the legislators in a separate meeting in Town Hall on June 18 (Monday). Mishra also said the Left legislative party meet will also be held on Friday.EOM", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14152394", "title": "Bangalore residents start digging sumps and installing rainwater harvesting systems", "text": "BANGALORE: Be it home maker Neena Jose of New Baiyappanahalli extension or Venkata Rama of HAL 3rd stage or Arun Prasad of Rustam Bagh layout, the citizens have realized the merits of rain water harvesting and sumps in their houses. The taps dried from noon till late night in the entire city where BWSSB supplies water, as the BWSSB undertook interlinking works of pipelines at the three pumping stations in TK Halli, Tatguni and Harohalli on Tuesday.Neena had told TOI on Tuesday that most of her neighbours are not affected due to the water crisis because they have bore well or sumps. She also has a small capacity sump with which she could pull the day off. \"Water supply in our area is scanty and irregular and now I am of the opinion I should install rain water harvesting system to collect and store rain water. Then I would have no complaints of irregular water supply also,\" she said.\"I have been telling my apartment owner to install a rain water harvesting and a bigger underground storage sump. We are six tenants in the apartment and the water stored in the sump is never enough. Tuesday's dry spell has now forced her to think of installing one,\" said Pushpa Singh, resident of Sanjaynagar.Even Rituparna B Rao, resident of Rammurthynagar said that she would better shift to a house, where she can have a bigger sump and a rain water harvesting system to sustain without water for longer period of time. \"Bangalore is facing terrible water crisis and population explosion, so we must ensure we are water secure. Rammurthynagar never gets decent water supply from the BWSSB, anyway and how much can we complain?\" she said.However, it is interesting to note that the number of calls for installing rain water harvesting has not shot up drastically in the Karnataka State Council for Science and Technology or Biome or Rain Water Club. AR Shivakumar, scientists and propeller of RWH in KSCST told TOI, \"Earlier the number of calls used to be more than 40, but now-a-days we get about 20-30 calls average. The interest has gone down. But to note the sudden hike, we have to wait for a couple of days more.\"The pumps were shutdown at 10am on Tuesday and turned on stage 2 and 3 of Cauvery Water Supply Scheme (CWSS) at 8:30pm, stage 1 by 7:30pm, stage 4 phase by 4am on Wednesday morning. Most areas in South, Central and part of Eastern Bangalore including Kormanagala and Ulsoor got water by 1am in the night. Because the stage 4 phase 1 pumps were switched on early morning on Wednesday most peripheral areas in northern and eastern Bangalore are expected to get water only by 6pm in the evening.BWSSB has linked the pipelines of all stages of CWSS successfully with some rectification works on Tuesday afternoon as well. Also the KPTCL power connection was taken for CWSS stage 4 phase 2 which is to be commissioned by end of July pumping additional 500 MLD of water to the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14142139", "title": "Nagpur schools to reopen admissions to enlist students under RTE", "text": "NAGPUR: In a major development late on Thursday, several city schools have agreed to reopen their admissions at entry level (Std I) from June 20 specifically to accommodate students under the 25% free quota as mandated by the Right To Education.Speaking to TOI from Pune, deputy director of education Mahesh Karajgaonkar said, \"At the RTE awareness seminar on Wednesday I asked the principals to reopen their admissions. The top schools said they would have to consult their management as admissions to Std I closed early this year and all seats have been taken. Today I learnt that everyone has agreed to my suggestion.\"Karajgaonkar's suggestion has been termed as the 'Common Programme' (CP) which all schools will follow. It is basically a timetable from the reopening of admissions till the allotment of seats.Kana Roy Choudhary, principal of Centre Point (Katol Rd), said, \"RTE is the law of the land and we all respect it and we will implement it as well. All schools have agreed to follow this Common Programme and admission forms will be distributed from June 20 onwards.\"While many principals said that Bhavans' schools are also a part of the CP, this could not be confirmed as the school did not respond to calls. Said Karajgaonkar: \"Be it Bhavan's, Centre Point, Modern or any other state board school, everyone is on board for the CP now. Some aided minority schools had reservations about this but I am sure that many of these schools are not having 51% students from their community as mandated under the law. After returning to Nagpur on Friday (he is in Pune now), I will make further plans.\"The immediate concern of many top schools like Centre Point and Bhavan's would be the lack of seats and infrastructure. With admissions already full it is clearly an uphill task to accommodate another 25% students.\"We will just go ahead with the process and do the best possible from our side. We have agreed to the CP so it goes without saying that we will admit students for the 25% seats, maybe we might have to increase the sections,\" said Choudhary.While the government agreed that there might be an 'infrastructure' issue, it stressed that it could be managed. \"From next year these schools will admit according to their infrastructure, but I do not see it becoming a big issue. The law has to be followed and we all have to find a way to do that,\" said Karajgaonkar.The state government has decided to implement RTE from the 2012-13 academic year itself and one of the major components of the act is free admissions under the 25% quota. Schools have to provide admissions to socially disadvantaged group (SC/ST) &amp; economically weaker sections (OBC, VJNT &amp; those whose parents' annual income in less than Rs. 1 lakh).Nagpur's South Point School (state board) became the first in the state to give admission under the 25% quota and now the CP prepared by the education department here seems to have taken the process further.COMMON PROGRAMME PLANDate of issue of Admission forms: June 20Last date of issue: June 25Submission period: June 20 to 25, up to 12.30pmDate of displaying candidates for draw of lots: June 28, 11amDate of draw of lots (if number of applications are more than the number of free seats): June 30, 11amDate of display of list of successful candidates along with waiting list: July 2, NoonLast date of admission: July 5Date of commencement of academic year: July 26", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14145846", "title": "Grooming and image industry going beyond the traditional", "text": "The corporate world has identified the need for grooming and imaging, thus being receptive in adopting these services. An image and grooming consultant identifies and translates the vision and values of the company and helps its employees embody the same through clothes, accessories, make-up, skin, hair, poise, posture, mannerism, fitness and personal grooming. The consultant empowers employees to improve their personal and professional life.Industry status While India becomes globally competitive with the growing need for grooming and image consultants, this sector is likely to see an exponential growth in the coming years. The influx of international companies and also rise of brand 'India' at the global scale indicates a positive push to the growing numbers.Growth areas In the coming days, there will be a rise in the demand beyond the conventional image-driven hospitality and aviation sectors and new areas like retail, banking, hospitals, corporates and individuals will come in the foreground. Employees and staff are the centre of any successful business and imaging and grooming empowers employees, so it is safe to believe that any company that caters to the customers, will be seeking expertise in this field.Skill-sets required In order to be an image consultant, you need to have good training and people-skills, an understanding of lifestyle trends, an in-depth, technical and practical knowledge of fashion, clothes, accessories, skin, hair, personal grooming and hygiene. An image consultant needs to sense the pulse of what works and what people expect from other people \u2014 as individuals or as a company. Image consultancy cannot be taught through textbooks or in a classroom and there are not many places to learn and study, but one can assist or work with an image consultant to gain practical experience and knowledge.Remuneration Remuneration in this field depends entirely on size, scale and services offered. The important thing for a fresher in this field is to quantify the volume of work, time and effort for each case and charge accordingly.A beginner could start with a smaller project (only in volume of work) with individuals earning as little as Rs 15,000 and gradually move to bigger hotels , corporate, etc, where the financial returns are higher.This will also allow them to scale their services portfolio and assemble a competent team, which is an essential part of growth in this field. It is important to develop a network and reputation as that will help fuel the success in the field of imaging and grooming. There are also returns in the form of gratitude and sense of accomplishment you get from making a positive impact in the lives of individuals.You could help transform the life of a single person or thousands of people who are part of a work-force. Students who are trained in this field can assist established image consultants and then work independently as consultants. They can also be hired in HR and training divisions of larger companies. The potential for this field in India is tremendous as demand currently exceeds supply.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14149252", "title": "Manhattan Short Film Festival is back!", "text": "Indian filmmakers can now send in their short film entries to compete at The Manhattan Short Film Festival (MSFF). This year, Filmmaker and Festival Director Anil Sadarangani has collaborated with Mumbai-based Next Level Media Communications, a leading communications company, to bring the MSFF to India around October 2012. Established in New York City in 1998, this is the third consecutive year that the Manhattan Short Film Festival comes to India.\"The MSFF shares a special relationship with India because the winner of the 2004 festival, Ashvin Kumar's Little Terrorist , went on to earn a nomination at the Oscars in the Short Film category the following year,\" says Nicholas Mason, Founding Festival Director from New York City. He adds, \"We would love nothing more than to have a finalist from India in the 2012. So far, we have had just one finalist from India in the last four years and I hope that changes in 2012!\"Audiences across the globe come together to watch 10 finalist films selected from over 500 entries and vote the winner. This is any filmmaker's chance to be a part of something extraordinary, one of the largest and most exciting cinematic events of the year. The short films screened at the MSFF has gone on to win nominations at the Oscars, BAFTA, Emmys, Cesars and win accolades at festivals such as the Cannes, Tribeca, Locarno, Berlin . Those wanting to send in their entries can fill the application form at manhattanshort.com.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "ramanagaram", "code": "14144195", "title": "A pressure cooker-like situation at court premises", "text": "RAMANAGARAM: The Ramanagaram district court complex resembled a garrison on Thursday ahead of Swami Paramahamsa Nityananda being produced before a magistrate in connection with the two FIRs filed against him by a mediaperson and activists of a Kannada outfit.An 800-strong police contingent camped at the nearby Police Bhavan for any imponderables. Hordes of activists outside the premises were not ready to give up a rare occasion to take a jibe at Nityananda.The presence of a huge contingent of mediapersons, and lawyers' aversion to restrictions, contributed to the pressure cooker-like situation.By 10am, a couple of police vans zoomed into the court complex. The Ramanagaram Lawyers' Association had scheduled the inauguration of a gopuram of the temple situated inside the complex. But police convinced the organizers to wind up the function by 11.30am.Scores of autorickshaws parked in the court premises were sternly told to move out. As he drove out, a driver was heard complaining they used to earn around Rs 500 by operating from the area, but because of the Nityananda hearing and the consequent clampdown, they had to be satisfied with a paltry Rs 100.Another security check, around 12 noon, saw lawyers having heated arguments with police officials. Police promptly clamped prohibitory orders in a 200-metre radius of the court complex.The mediapersons, meanwhile, had a tough time in convincing police superintendent Anupam Agarwal and Ramnagaram district judge Rudramuni that they should be allowed to cover the court proceedings. The administration remained firm and refused permission.At 3.14pm, Nityananda was brought in a police jeep. Wearing his trademark saffron robes and a rudraksha garland, Nityananda waved to waiting mediapersons. Forty-five minutes later, the godman emerged with a broad smile and folded hands.Nityananda was produced before judicial magistrate first class Komala.After hearing the assistant public prosecutor representing the Bidadi police and the godman's counsel for 45 minutes, the court ordered his release on a personal bond for Rs 50,000. \"A disciple stood surety for his bail,\" K Mohan Kumar, assistant public prosecutor, said.As the godman was taken into preventive custody and bundled into a jeep, a few demonstrators outside the court tried to stop the vehicle. They hurled a few stones at the jeep but police managed to disperse them. The jeep sped away towards the Channapatna Police Training Institute.Why preventive custody?Police said the godman was taken into preventive custody in view of his own safety on the orders of executive magistrate and deputy commissioner Sriram Reddy.\"This is purely for the safety of Nityananda as he cannot go back to the ashram, which had witnessed violence on Friday last. The executive magistrate has powers to take him into preventive custody. Given the prevailing situation in and around the ashram, there is an apprehension that he might be attacked. But we have stationed a large posse of policemen to thwart any attempt to gatecrash into the ashram premises,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14150670", "title": "First look into contestants\u2019 songs on Jhalak!", "text": "As the most awaited dance reality show hits the screen tomorrow, here's a sneak peek into Sunday's episode.On June 17th at 9pm, the stage will be on fire as some of the most celebrated celebrities will compete against one another to make their presence felt on Colors TV's Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa. Bhojpuri superstar Ravi Kissen will dance on Chinta Ta Ta Chita Chita from the recent hit, Rowdy Rathore . Giving him tough competition will be comedian Bharti Singh of Comedy Circus fame who will dance to Akon's popular Hindi song, Chammak Chalo from RA.ONE.Isha Sharvani who will dance to Mein Pareshan Pareshan Pareshan from the movie Ishaqzade is not confident on her win in spite of her advantage over other contestants. (Isha is a trained dancer and is known for her dancing skills). Adds Isha, \"I can't be confident on winning. It depends on two sets of people. One is the public who is voting and second are the judges who will be watching. Jhalak is a challenge for me because I want to know how well I can do. I have done a lot of stage. I'm now tackling television so that's a new one for me\".Child prodigy Darsheel Safary who is the youngest contestant will be performing to Naina Miley . But does Darsheel have an advantage over other contestants because of the age factor? Darsheel does not think so, \"Being a kid has nothing to do with dancing. We have worked very hard. We have to match the older contestants and try to be better than them. We have to impress the judges because all 12 contestants are going to be competition\". TV hottie Gurmeet Choudhary in true Govinda style will dance to Sona Kitna Sona Hain from Hero no 1 .But what will the rest of the contestants perform to? Keep watching this space for more!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14144421", "title": "Mayor seeks action on official who moved KAT", "text": "BANGALORE: A senior BBMP official, who challenged his transfer order in Karnataka Administrative Tribunal (KAT) by making chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda and city in-charge minister R Ashoka as parties, is allegedly being targeted by the mayor himself.On Wednesday, mayor D Venkatesh Murthy wrote to BBMP commissioner MK Shankarlinge Gowda, urging him to initiate action against M Ramesh, joint director of town planning, within four days.Ramesh had been accused of irregularities in issuing occupancy certificate to a builder on Bannerghatta Road. Lokayukta is probing the issue. Meanwhile, Ramesh was transferred to Rajarajeshwari Nagar as the superintendant engineer.Questioning the transfer order, Ramesh moved KAT and alleged that he was removed to accommodate another official at the request of the CM and Ashoka.\"Ramesh violated Karnataka Civil Services and Rules by talking lightly about the chief minister and city in-charge minister. He has moved court without taking permission from higher-ups,\" the mayor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14147722", "title": "National sub-junior aquatic championship to be held in Rajkot", "text": "RAJKOT: The 29 th national level sub-junior aquatic championship 2012 will be held in Rajkot from July 1 to July 4. The national level championship is being organized by Rajkot Municipal Corporation (RMC) in association with Rajkot District Swimming Association and Gujarat State Aquatic Association.According to Rajkot city mayor Janak Kotak, the event is taking place in the city after 25 years and it will be held at Sardar Vallabhai Patel Swimming pool in city. Chief minister Narendra Modi will remain present at inaugural function of the championship.In order to make the event success, the committee was formed to look after the event and it will be chaired by RMC commissioner Ajay Bhadoo.According to officials, more than 650 swimmers are expected to take part in it from across the country. The championship will include swimming competition for children of age 9 to 12 years and diving competition for the age up to 17 years.The selection for the international events and talents search for 2020 Olympic will be done from this championship.According to RMC officials, Rishith Aparnath, the first person to will gold medal in National school swimming competition from Saurashtra region will be felicitated at this occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14145428", "title": "Homesick Sunny Leone heads straight to LA", "text": "Jism 2 is complete and the actress left for her home in Los Angeles on the same day.Sunny Leone has competed shooting for her first Bollywood film Jism 2 and the actress couldn't wait to leave India on the same day.After shooting for almost 90 days in various places like Jaipur, Goa and Sri Lanka, actress Sunny Leone left for her home city Los Angeles on Monday itself. According to a unit hand the actress was feeling homesick and decided to leave for home and meet her family there.\"I've finally landed back in Los Angeles. It's been almost 90 days since I've been home. My heart is aching and so happy all at once,\" said the actress who is in LA right now. The actress will be back in few months for the promotions of Jism 2 as it is releasing on August 3.After that Sunny will begin shoot of her second film, the sequel of Ragini MMS by this year end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "14148222", "title": "Patiala Municipal corporation achieves 101% target", "text": "PATIALA: At a time when the working of Punjab local bodies department is under severe criticism for its inefficiency to provide basic amenities to residents, here is a good news at least from Patiala Municipal corporation (PMC).PMC has achieved 101 percent target of it's annual collections under various heads. Since it's inception for the first time PMC has been given an appreciation letter by Punjab local bodies department for it's outstanding achievement.As per sources during the financial year of 2011-12, PMC had set a target to generate Rs 61.30 crore income during all year. But the documents of PMC shows that in total it generated income of Rs 62.11 crore, which is 101 percent of set target.Details of all income sources of corporation show that it has done an excellent job in the collecting income under it's all heads.PMC has got maximum income from it's rental properties as it has received 119 percent income from this head, 105% has come from house tax head, out of total target from water supply and sewage charges corporation, this head has produced 96% income while advertising branch of corporation has generated 92% income of total target.\"We have received letter of appreciation from director of local bodies as we generated 101 percent income during previous financial year. \" said PMC Commissioner Gurlavleen Sidhu. It all happened despite election duty of all staff of corporation for two months. In total corporation has spent Rs 32.58 crores as developmental grants for various works in city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14154343", "title": "Email or SMS to register your power complaints", "text": "LUCKNOW: The UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) may soon start registration of complaints through e-mails and SMSs. Sources said that the issue was taken up recently at a review meeting where in officials said that the facility be started as more and more consumers will be able to register their complaints.UPPCL officials said that the move is driven by the success of their online billing services. The Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) had already decided to soon open another set of online payment facilities at 168 centres.Officials say that 168 more centres would be added in a phased manner to the already existing 32 centres. In the next phase, UPPCL is also working at initiating a process wherein consumer complaints would be taken on e-mails and through SMSs,'' the official said. The facility would hold immense importance given the sharp increase in the number of faults and outages, essentially during the summers.The UPPCL had earlier started the facility of a centralized call centre where consumers across the state were able to register their complaints. Now, with the number of complaints rising significantly, the centre has not been able to be of much help to the consumers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14147131", "title": "Andhra bypoll first results", "text": "HYDERABAD: As expected, the YSR Congress party led by its jailed leader Jagan Mohan Reddy is on the verge of sweeping the bypolls in 18 assembly segments and one Lok Sabha seat in Andhra Pradesh with the fledgling party having won 11 seats and established comfortable leads in 4 other seats as well as the lone Nellore parliamentary constituency.Of the 12 seats where the counting was completed, the YSR Congress won from Anantapur, Rayachoti, Yemmiganur, Polavaram, Rajampet, Railway Kodur, Rayadurg, Payakaraopet, Udayagiri, Macherla and Pratipadu.The Congress managed to win the Narsapuram seat and was leading in Ramachandrapuram. While the TRS was sailing smoothly in Parkal in Warangal district, the lone assembly seat in the Telangana region going to the polls, the TDP is on course to draw a blank and was placed in third position behind the Congress in most of the constituencies.At noon, the YSR Congress tally of seats (won and leading) stood at 15 seats with the Congress at 2 and TRS, 1. Mekapati Rajamohan Reddy, the YSR Congress candidate from Nellore Lok Sabha seat, had established a huge lead over his nearest Congress rival T Subbarami Reddy and was on course for a resounding victory.Jubilation broke out in the YSR camp across the assembly constituencies where the bypolls were held as the results started pouring in and party leaders were headed towards Chanchalguda Jail where Jagan is presently lodged. Meanwhile, chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy was huddled in a meeting with a few ministers and party MLAs in his Camp Office at Begumpet as his immediate priority would be check a possible exodus to Jagan in the wake of the good performance of the YSR Congress. NTR Bhavan, the TDP headquarters, presented a deserted look as the results started pouring in.Congress sources, however, maintained that anything less than 17 seats for Jagan is a defeat for the YSR Congress as of the 18 assembly seats where the bypolls were held, 17 of the seats were represented by Congress legislators who switched loyalties to Jagan. While the YSR Congress was on the verge of losing the Parkal seat its legislator Konda Surekha held, the Congress was set to concede defeat to the YSR Congress in Tirupati which was represented by Chiranjeevi and fell vacant after he quit to enter the Rajya Sabha.The final results are expected by the late evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14150806", "title": "Man tricked into buying dollars, duped", "text": "INDORE: Lured into the American dollar-trap, a gullible Indorean was fleeced of Rs one lakh in Chandar Nagar area on Wednesday evening. The resident of Janata Quarters, Rajendra Chandra Wasani, who runs a medical shop in Nanda Nagar, has been victimised by a stranger.\"A person had come to his shop to purchase medicines on June 11,\" said Wasani adding that the accused revealed that he had some American dollars, which can fetch him good money owing to its value appreciation. He also offered to strike a deal in exchange for Indian currency. Wasani sought two days' time before taking a decision. Meanwhile, he consulted some of his friends, who said that he can get the dollars easily exchanged and advised him to go for the deal.The stranger, who was continuously in touch with his 'target,' could make out that Wasani was falling in the trap. Finally when he agreed for the deal, he asked to give him Rs one lakh for the dollars worth Rs 1.25 lakh. The duo then decided to meet at a brick manufacturing unit. Wasani went there and handed over the money to the accused. In return, the accused also handed him over a packet covered with cloth.However, he found that the accused had bundled blank pages. Before he could catch the accused, he escaped from the scene. He then went to Chandan Nagar police station but they asked him to visit Pardeshipura police station from where he belongs, he alleged, adding Pardeshipura police station also refused to register the FIR stating that the incident took place in Chandan Nagar area. He then reached the SSP office and the SSP ordered Chandan Nagar police to register a case in this regard. Police have booked an unidentified person under section 420 of the IPC and are on lookout for him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14141857", "title": "No relief for sisters detained in eatery raid", "text": "MUMBAI: The family of the two sisters who the police picked up on June 5 during a raid on Masala Curry, Andheri (West), said the husband of one of the women was unaware of their detention and current circumstances. The family was attending the proceedings at Mazgaon court on Thursday afternoon, where the two women and nine others detained by the police were presented before the court. In an inchamber hearing, the magistrate heard four of the women, following which the matter was adjourned to June 18. The process will continue with respect to the rest on the next date of hearing.Denying the application filed by the sisters' advocate Anand Jondhale seeking their release, the magistrate said that under the Prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act ( PITA), the women can be detained on suspicion for as many as 21 days. Since they were detained only on June 5, investigations are still on. All the women were accused by the police of being involved in prostitution and are currently housed at a shelter in Chembur. The two sisters have alleged defamation and have sued for Rs 1 crore each.The sisters Sonia and Savita stuck by each other during the proceedings. Savita's husband Vishesh also accompanied her parents to the court. Their mother said, \"We have been keeping the secret from Sonia's husband. He has no idea about what has happened in the past one week. We have been dealing with a lot of pressure -- first dealing with the relatives and then keeping this a secret from Sonia's husband. We just hope they are released soon.\"Expressing his anxiety, Vishesh said, \"It has been a very tough moment for the family. Only we know what we have gone through in the past 10 days. It is tough, very tough and I will fight it till the end,\" he added. The family furnished various documents in court including copies of a PAN card and financial statements to show that they came from \"a sound family background\".Both the women have filed a petition in the Bombay high court seeking compensation of Rs 1 crore each, claiming they were attending a birthday party at the Oshiwara restaurant.In the petition Sonia claimed that her husband was a Delhi-based businessman and she lived in the city as her five-year-old son was undergoing treatment for severe autism. She said that she was invited to the restaurant by a family friend Mohan Tolani for a birthday party. Since Savita was in town on holiday, she was asked to join the party too. According to Jondhale, Tolani and Sonia met each other during their visits to the doctor for treatment of their autistic sons. Savita has a young daughter and she too is Delhi based. She allegedly came to the city only a day prior to the incident.During the proceedings a couple of women broke down along with their family members. The mother of one of the detained women said, \"We are just regular working people and have no idea about such things. My daughter is studying in college and is innocent.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14151875", "title": "Puttur murder: Police to release photo of missing person to trace him.", "text": "MANGALORE: The Dakshina Kannada Police are contemplating on releasing the photograph of Venkataramana Bhat (50) of Bettampady village in Puttur taluk, to the media in a bid to trace him.The person has been missing and his wife and three children were found murdered at his house on Thursday. He is not a suspect as of now. He has not been traced and we are thinking of using the media to trace him,'' said Superintendent of Police Abhishek Goyal to TOI.The four victims' bodies were found in a decomposed state by a Mescom lineman, who had gone there to read the meter. The deceased are Sandhya, 40, a school teacher and her children Vedhya, 18, Harigovind,16, and Vinuta, 12. Police suspect that the incident took place on June 11 night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14141840", "title": "Most callers talk of poor results, say helplines", "text": "MUMBAI: One of the mostawaited results in the state was followed by a barrage of calls to helpline numbers. A day after the SSC results were announced, psychiatrists and counsellors associated with the helplines were flooded with queries.\"Most students who called us wanted to know why the results were so poor and the assessment so strict. We tried to explain to them that they need not worry and must instead apply for verification or re-evaluation,\" said a state board helpline official. From Wednesday, the state board received over 140 calls from distressed students with a majority inquiring about the process of applying for photocopies of their answer sheets.Helpline organizations have been receiving calls from students of various boards seeking information about the admission process. \"Students were calling to check if their marks would be good enough to get through to a good college,\" said Manohar Rangnekar, director at Samaritans.Psychologist and counsellor Malini Shah was surprised with the number of calls over marks. \"Some who had failed were worried that the results would scar their future. We tried to calm the callers and asked them to contact the board,\" said Shah. She added that some complained about having received different sets of marks ; they were asked to contact their school. Her organization got 100 calls in three days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14152412", "title": "Maharashtra govt GE ink deal", "text": "MUMBAI: In the backdrop of its stiff competition with other progressive states such as Gujarat, the Maharashtra government on Friday inked an important deal with GE India to set up a $200 million manufacturing plant at Chakan in Pune. The plant which aims to manufacture power generators and world-class transmitters will come up on a 68 acre land at a new industrial park. It will create 200 jobs. Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan said the deal shows Maharashtra is the first choice of multinationals such as GE while setting up big business in the country. \"We are prepared in terms of land and infrastructure to accommodate a variety of businesses in our state,\" said Chavan.The state officials said they have cleared as many as 335 major projects ever since the state announced an industrial policy in 2005. The total investment from these projects have been to the tune of Rs 2.76 lakh crores and creation of nearly 3 lakh jobs has been estimated, said officials. Chavan also said the state will look into the burden high rate of VAT is creating on the industries. \"It is a sensitive issue and we will try and look for a solution or a middle path on this,\" said Chavan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14141832", "title": "Mumbai colleges get innovative to ease minority quota rush", "text": "MUMBAI: The junior college admissions process kicked off a day after the SSC results were announced on Wednesday without much ado. While lakhs of students are busy filling the two-part online for m, thousands have flocked to minority institutes in the city to seek admissions under the various quotas.\"We are conducting admissions to the various quotas online itself. Students don't have to stand in long queues anymore,\" said Ashok Wadia, in-charge principal of Jai Hind College.He added that several students gathered in the college in the morning to seek help in the admission process. Jai Hind College will put up its first merit list for the quotas on June 16 and the next list by 19.At H R College in Churchgate, the authorities have tried to do something different this year to relieve students of stress. \"We decided to have 'walkin' admissions for students applying to our college under the minority quota. Students from the minority quota who have scored 80 % and above can come and confirm their admissions with us till Saturday,\" said Indu Shahani, principal of the college.Shahani added that since fewer students scored 90 % and above this year, there might be problems during online admissions. \"This year, most students who got seats in the selffinanced courses in degree colleges were from boards other than the state board. This trend might be repeated in junior college too.\"According to the admission schedule announced by the education department, minority institutes have time till June 21 to complete admissions to various quotas available. \"Colleges have ample time to finish admissions under the quotas, and once their admissions are over, they are supposed to declare the vacant seats. These seats will be added to the online admission process for students in the general category,\" said a senior official from the office of deputy director of education (school).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14144616", "title": "Mithun has Mammootty\u2019s blessings", "text": "Actor Mithun Murali is familiar to the Malayali audience as Appu in Pramod Pappan's 2004 movie, Vajram. In the movie, the child actor shared the screen space with none other than superstar Mammootty.Now, the little boy has grown up and recently made his Kollywood debut in Vazhakku Enn 18/9 . Says Mithun, \"My Kollywood entry was quite unexpected. When Balaji Shakthivel offered me the role, the first thing I did was to call up Mammootty for his blessings,\" says Mithun, and adds that Mammootty was very happy to hear about his new innings. \"He told me that he had the confidence in me and that I would do well. It was a big morale boost,\" says the young star.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "14141128", "title": "No plant set up to treat dirty water near Pak border", "text": "AMRITSAR: The Punjab government is yet to install water treatment plant on Tung Dhab drain, which eventually joins the Hudiara drain of Pakistan near its border Laloo village carrying untreated industrial and sewerage waste from India. Pakistan had already lodged a complaint against India in United Nation against polluting their rain water drain Hudiara by the industrial effluent and sewage waste carried in Tung Dhab drain.Punjab pollution control committee president P S Bhatty informed TOI on Thursday that the Punjab Human Rights Commission had already directed the state government to install water treatment plant on Tung Dhab drain.\"The case hearing is on Friday but no work has been started by the government,\" he said.Tung Dhab originates near Talwandi Bharath village in Gurdaspur district and was dug to drain out rain water but as the cities, villages and towns expanded people as well as civic bodies started throwing industrial and sewage waste in the drain which made it unsafe for humans inhibiting on its banks.\"As the drain became a health hazard in Amritsar, we took up the case with the Punjab Human Rights Commission in 1996, following which the state government was asked to prepare a plan to clean the drain but nothing happened,\" he said. Bhatty informed that PGI Chandigarh had conducted a research on all the drains of the Punjab and from the blood samples taken from people living on the banks of drain found that children's DNA was damaged, which was also authenticated by a study conducted by the genetics department of Guru Nanak Dev University. He said that state government had not taken any initiative to install water treatment plants. Superintendent engineer, Amritsar municipal corporation Jaswinder Singh said the project to install two water treatment plants each at Gaussabad and Khappar Kheri had been approved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14146919", "title": "Madurai Adheenam senior pontiff defends Nithyananda", "text": "MADURAI: Despite the arrest of Nithyananda, senior pontiff of Madurai Adheenam, Arunagirinatha Desikar staunchly defended the self-styled godman and said that he would come out clean proving the allegations false.Meanwhile, Hindu outfits have once again upped the ante against Nithyananda demanding his removal as the 293{+r}{+d} pontiff of the Madurai Adheenam. Amidst the raging controversy over the allegations of sexual assault levelled by an NRI woman on Nithyananda, Desikar said that Nithyananda has been falsely accused of various charges. \"Nithyananda is nowunder arrest only because of false allegations and foisted cases. He will face the charges legally in the courtand come out clean by proving his innocence,\" ArunagirinathaDesikar told reporters in Madurai on Thursday.Stating that just because Nithyananda was arrested, its does not mean that he was guilty, Desikar also said that the question of removing Nithyananda from the adheenam has not arisen at all. \"I will not be cowed down by any threats and pressure. Nithyananda will not be removed as the junior pontiff of the adheenam. He will emerge from the present crisis successfully,\" he said. Prayers and rituals are being performed in Madurai Adheenam as usual, he said.The Madurai Adheenam Retrieval Committee that comprises various Hindu organisations and representatives from few other religious mutts has urged that Nithyananda should not be allowed entry into the adheenam.The Hindu Makkal Katchi ahs already filed a petition in the Madurai bench of the Madras high court against Nithyananda. Vishwa Hindu Parishad district president Chinmaya Somasundram demanded that Nithyananda should not be allowed to continue as the junior pontiff of the adheenam. \"We were opposing his anointment as junior pontiff for long, but in the backdrop of the arrest on sexual charges, he should be removed from the mutt immediately,\" Somasundaram said in a statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14123865", "title": "Being fat is not sexy: Kareena Kapoor", "text": "While actors like Vidya Balan and Sonakshi Sinha are known for their curves, Kareena Kapoor believes that being big is uncool. She has been on a strict diet for over a month to look lean and sexy for a song she's shooting for an upcoming film.Says Bebo, \"I have gone back to the size-zero look I had in Tashan, but this time it is curvier. I wanted this body for my item song in the film. Since it is a rigorous and raunchy number, I decided to go for a slim and sexy look. But I still have curves in the right places. It may be a trend now with some actors, but I definitely don't want to look plump or fat!\"Vidya and Sonakshi aren't just comfortable with their curves, they're calling it sexy. Bebo retorts, \"Being fat is not sexy! Anyone who says that is talking crap. Voluptuous is sexy, but fat is out. Any woman who says she doesn't want to be thin is talking nonsense. It's every girl's dream.\"Kareena's dietician Rujuta Diwekar has developed a challenging diet for the actor. Says Kareena, \"The key to a sexy figure is a great diet, combined with the right exercise. Rujuta combines fat and protein, and tells me to eat everything in moderation, and every two hours. She keeps changing my diet so that my body doesn't get bored. I recently went to Turkey for eight days and it was more like a health trip. I was training twice a day and was on a strict diet. I ate salads, hummus with pita bread, strawberries and olives. For dinner, I had an Indian cook make daal, rice and sabzi .\"It isn't about diets only. The actor says, \"I did my regular yoga exercises there too. I do 40 minutes of asanas and 50 surya namaskars. \"She has a word of advice for people who go on crash diets like the no-carb diets. \"How long can you go without carbohydrates? Some day you will have potato or rice.\"How does Saif like the new Kareena? He's always maintained that he likes curves on his ladylove. Says Bebo, \"He appreciates the fact that I love the challenge of disciplining myself for a role and how I do it. Saif always gives me the encouragement I need.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14144302", "title": "Work begins on Sarjapur Road", "text": "BANGALORE: First it was the axe, now it's the pickaxe which has made a quiet entry on Sarjapur Road, sending the residents into a fit of rage. A team of labourers set to work on Thursday evening, digging a portion of the road in front of St John's Hospital.Residents, who could not stop the work, took up the case with police. The Koramangala Infrastructure Task Force filed an FIR at Koramangala police station against Nagarjuna Construction Company for damaging a public road.\"The contractor has taken up underpass work, despite an assurance given by the BDA commissioner that he would visit the work site before going ahead with the project,\" members of the task force said in their complaint. Some residents were in front of St John's Hospital even at 10pm Thursday, waiting for a Hoysala police team to visit the road that had been damaged by the contractor.\"I really don't know who is trying to bluff whom. One contractor suddenly began work in front of St John's Hospital on a portion of road cordoned off by the BDA. The earthmovers removed layers of tar. This is pathetic,\" said Dr Reji Thomas, ophthalmologist at St John's Medical College and Hospital.Last month, trees along this stretch had been chopped overnight to make way for the signal-free corridor from Sirsi Circle to Agara Junction, passing via Sarjapur Road. The residents filed a PIL in the Karnataka high court against the project. As per the detailed project report, three underpasses and two flyovers are proposed to come up on the 3.5km stretch of Sarjapur Road.The residents had recently met new BDA commissioner Pradeep Singh Kharola on this issue. \"The commissioner promised us he would visit the area,\" said Vijayan Menon, Koramangala resident.\"When we questioned the contractor in charge of the work, he said he would continue his work even if the chief minister or BDA commissioner were to come. When we met the CM and BDA commissioner, they assured us that work would be stopped and the residents consulted. But what happened on Thursday evening was exactly the opposite,\" Nitin Sheshadri, a Koramangala resident, told TOI.When contacted, BDA officials said no major work had been taken up. \"In fact, there is no stay order from the court to stop the work,\" they said.BATTLE BEGAN 3 MONTHS AGOIt may be recalled that three months ago, residents of Koramangala had protested and moved court, seeking relief from the underpass construction work. The residents had said the grade separator was an unnecessary project, as BBMP has already proposed to construct underpasses on Hosur Road. The signal-free corridor on this stretch is estimated to cost Rs 125 crore and will involve construction of three underpasses and two flyovers. BDA chopped off 33 trees on Sarjapur Road in the last week of May, which led to protests by residents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14144729", "title": "CBI seeks Satish Verma\u2019s services for Ishrat probe", "text": "Ahmedabad: This bit of news will send shivers down the spines of all Gujarat police officers accused in Ishrat Jahan encounter case - the Mumbai girl was killed by Gujarat cops on this day eight years ago.The CBI has written to Gujarat government seeking IPS officer Satish Verma's services to help probe the 2004 Ishrat encounter case. Verma is set to return to the investigation , after his line of probe upset the state government which then targeted him by ordering that investigation into two Porbandar encounter cases against him be put on a fast track.A member of former special investigation team (SIT) set up by Gujarat high court in the Ishrat case, Verma pursued the case so aggressively in 2010 that the 13 suspect cops moved the HC demanding CBI probe.Following differences with other members of the SIT, Verma filed an affidavit on January 27 last year that the encounter was a staged one and that he had evidence to prove so. He also highlighted how the state machinery was at work to hinder the probe.When investigation was transferred to CBI in December last year, HC had directed the state government to spare his service whenever CBI wanted it. \"The state government shall spare the services of Satish Verma as and when so desired or required by CBI for helping CBI to provide clues for further investigation or any other matter related thereto,\" the order reads.Six months into the probe, CBI has finally sought Verma's assistance and dashed off a letter to the Gujarat chief secretary to depute him on the case for six months.Ishrat and three others were shot dead near Kotarpurwater works on the outskirts of Ahmedabad on June 15, 2004, in an operation by the city crime branch. After the encounter , all four were dubbed as Lashkar-e-Toiba operatives out to kill chief minister Narendra Modi.Vanzara faces charge in another encounterMumbai: An accused in the 7/11 Mumbai serial train blasts case has approached Bombay High Court seeking judicial inquiry of the encounter of a person called Mohammad Ali in 2006 by the Maharashtra Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS), and the role of suspended DIG of Gujarat police, D G Vanzara, in it. Ethesham Siddiqui, the petitioner, claims he had seen Ali in ATS custody a day before he was killed in encounter on August 22, 2006.\"Ethesham, who is an accused in the July 11 train blasts case, was also present at the ATS office for interrogation. He was put up in the same lock-up as Ali. Former DIG D G Vanzara, who was with Gujarat ATS then, questioned both Ethesham and Ali in relation with another case,\" Ethesham's lawyer advocate Naima Shaikh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14140526", "title": "DTC buses to get secure number plates", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the Delhi government starting implementation of secure number plates on older vehicles from June 15, the pressure is on to make the high-security registration plate (HSRP) centres operational at all regional transport offices ( RTOs). The good news is that the government plans to start with DTC buses, said officials.The number of vehicles registered in Delhi is estimated to be over 65 lakh. To tackle this huge number of vehicles, the transport department will implement the scheme in a phased manner. \"In the first phase, we will replace registration plates in all DTC buses and vehicles belonging to the corporation. After that, we will start replacing plates of vehicles owned by the Delhi government and its various departments,\" said a senior government official. \"We have already written to DTC to gear up to get the registration plates replaced in its buses and other vehicles,\" said the official.In the next phase, the vehicles belonging to the Centre and its various departments will get new number plates. Installation of number plates on private vehicles will be the last phase, added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14150419", "title": "Naan E to hit theatres on July 6", "text": "Naan E is releasing on July 6, it is learnt. It is being directed by S S Rajamouli who is known for commercial flicks.The trailer of the upcoming flick, which has the protagonist Sudeep playing a unique role, has already been much appreciated and talked about. It remains to be seen whether this kind of a subject will work with the masses.This experimental film of sorts was supposed to release a while ago and got postponed but Kollywood is happy that it's finally hitting the screens, it is learnt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "14141759", "title": "16 get life in 2008 murder case", "text": "THANE: As many as 16 persons were sentenced to life imprisonment by the Thane sessions court on Thursday for their involvement in the murder of a 38-year-old famer from Diaghar village near Shil in October 2008.Sessions judge IB Shaikh pronounced the verdict in the murder of Gurunath Anant Gondhali, who was hacked to death with farm equipment and sharp weapons by people from his village. Public prosecutor Sangeeta Phad sought highest penalty for the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14150815", "title": "Isolated Mamata Banerjee says Trinamool still firm on Kalam, but he is not keen", "text": "KOLKATA: Shortly after Congress-led UPA announced Pranab Mukherjee as its presidential candidate, an unfazed Trinamool Congress supremo Mamata Banerjee today said her party remained firm on the candidature of Dr APJ Abdul Kalam.\"We are firm on the candidature of Kalam. He is the fittest candidate. We are not shifting from our stand of what we have announced earlier,\" Banerjee told PTI at the state secretariat.\"He is a man of high stature in India and most respected nationally and internationally,\" she said.On Samajwadi Party extending support to Pranab Mukherjee, Banerjee said she had no communication from the party. \"They did not talk to me. How do we know if there is no talk?\"According to Times Now sources, Kalam has said that he was not keen in running for the presidency now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14145417", "title": "HI emulates BCCI, to give one-time benefit to yesteryear stars", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taking a cue from the BCCI, Hockey India is set to organise a grand felicitation function for its yesteryear stars who will be paid a one-time benefit from the HI coffers for their contribution to the game.The felicitation-cum-Olympic team send-off ceremony will be held at a city hotel on June 24 where 34 of the living Olympic gold medallists will be presented with cash reward of Rs two lakh each.\"Just like the BCCI, we have also decided to honour our Olympic heroes. As we are not that financially stable as BCCI, for now we will be presenting the cash benefit to only the living Olympians who have won gold medals for the country,\" HI Secretary General Narinder Batra said.\"In future, we have plans to honour the families of those Olympians who are not alive,\" he added.HI's decision comes close on the heels of the BCCI's move to distribute a one-time benefit payment among the Test and first-class cricketers of the country.During the fifth edition of the Indian Premier League, which ended last month, the BCCI distributed cheques ranging from Rs 3 to 15 crore among the former cricketers.Batra also said that they have decided to club the felicitation as well as the team's send-off ceremony to provide a common platform to yesteryear stars and the Olympic-bound team.\"During the ceremony, the past medal winners will also give their best wishes to the Olympic-bound players and share their experiences which will be of great help in the London Games,\" the HI chief said.Earlier this year, HI had decided to introduce graded payment system for its core players and keeping up to its words, awarded central contracts to 32 senior players for the year 2012-2013.The list of 34 Olympians: Balbir Singh Sr., Keshav Dutt, Leslie Claudius, G Nandy Singh, Jaswant Singh, Raghbir Lal, RS Bhola, Hardayal Singh, Haripal Kaushik, AS Bakshi, Gurdev Singh, Charanjit Singh, Gurbux Singh, Harbinder Singh, Dharam Singh, Balbir Singh, Ali Sayeed, Darshan Singh, V Bhaskaran, Bir Bahadur Chettri, Allan Schofield, Sylvanus Dung Dung, Rajinder Singh, Davinder Singh, Gurmail Singh, Ravinder Pal Singh, MM Sommaiya, Maharaj Krishan Kaushik, Charanjit Kumar, Mervyn Fernandis, Amarjit Singh Rana, Mohammed Shahid, Zafar Iqbal and Surinder Singh Sodhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14138045", "title": "No nodal body for rainwater harvesting", "text": "NEW DELHI: Thrust upon the government as a court order in 2001, rainwater harvesting has been a failure in Delhi. Recently chief minister Sheila Dikshit also accepted that the policy has not managed to achieve the desired results. Essential for a city like Delhi that is largely dependant on neighbouring states for its water supply, rainwater harvesting can be successful if adopted uniformly and on a large scale.Experts say that while the complicated procedures and the expenditure involved in constructing a harvesting system can prove to be a deterrent, the policy too is highly flawed. As part of the building bylaws, buildings with a floor area of 100 sqm or more need to have rainwater harvesting structures without which no completion certificate can be issued. However, the corporations say that with barely 5-6% people applying for a completion certificate, it is not surprising that the policy has failed.\"When building plans are sanctioned, the owner needs to give us an undertaking that rainwater harvesting will be part of the building. Before issuing a completion certificate, our staff inspects the site and ensures that the harvesting structure has been built. The problem is that barely 5-6% people ask for completion certificates. Even in these few cases, our staff is not technically trained to judge whether a particular harvesting structure is technically feasible or not. This work should be with Delhi Jal Board or the deputy commissioners of the nine districts,\" said an MCD official.Vinod Jain, on whose PIL rainwater harvesting was made compulsory in Delhi, adds that a multiplicity of agencies that need to ensure implementation has led to poor co-ordination and massive confusion. \"If MCD is in-charge of ensuring that rainwater harvesting has been incorporated in new buildings, how can it after 11 years say that it is not feasible for it to check? Also problematic is how the plans for harvesting need to be cleared by one agency, checked by another agency and monitored by another. Central Ground Water Board, DJB, MCD and DCs are all part of the process. No wonder that each of them pass the blame to the other. People who have genuinely wanted to get rainwater harvesting done have given up the idea after being made to run around endlessly between these agencies,\" he said.All government agencies were asked to provide annual reports to the court on implementation of rainwater harvesting. The last report was submitted in 2009. Experts say that a single agency should be made in-charge of implementation and monitoring. \"Already rainwater harvesting has been made compulsory for all government buildings, hotels , hospitals, institutions and farm houses. Many of them have implemented but government agencies are lagging behind. A single body to monitor the project would make a huge difference,\" accepted an official.Jyoti Sharma of NGO Force says that the present law, applicable to only the buildings constructed after 2001 and government structures, targets a very small percentage of the city.\"Delhi is already built up to about 70%. Unless rainwater harvesting is made mandatory for all buildings, old and new, it will not serve any purpose. The government can tweak the policy to make it compulsory for large buildings. It can also add riders like providing only a certain amount of municipal supply of water and having the rest augmented by harvested rainwater,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14151516", "title": "Kitchen is the heart of every home as food plays a vital role in daily lives", "text": "LUDHIANA: The kitchen is the heart of every home as food plays a vital role in daily lives. If proper care not taken, serious fatal accidents such as kitchen fires can take place, cautioned the home scientists of the Punjab Agricultural University ( PAU). Major cause of kitchen fires is the wrong clothing worn by the cook, said the experts of Department of Clothing and Textiles, while emphasizing the home makers that clothing as well as fabrics used in kitchens should be selected with utmost care.Referring to the suitable clothing, the expert Surabhi Mahajan said that cellulosic (plant origin) fabrics are safe and more suitable for kitchen use. They are available in different forms like cotton, jute, linen, hemp, ramie, etc. She added that the important features of cotton which makes it the most preferable kitchen fabric are its comfort, softness, capacity to absorb and release perspiration quickly, machine-washable, easy to handle and sew and flame retardant. The oil and ghee stains can be removed from it easily, she observed.Elaborating, Inderjeet Kaur said that linen is the most luxurious, expensive and elegant type of kitchen fabric, made from vegetable fibres. Linen has many properties such as comfort, good strength, gets softer with each wash, crisp hand, absorbent, no static or pilling problems and good conductor of heat. Kaur told that rayon is a versatile fibre and has the same comfort properties as natural fibres.Imparting useful tips for healthy and safe work in kitchen, the home scientists advised the home makers that clothing worn should cover maximum body parts so that in case any hot oil drop spills over the body, some damage to the skin can be prevented. Do not wear synthetic, loose fit and extra long sleeves garments while cooking because they have chance of coming into contact with fire easily, they said. The chappati wrappers should be made of thick white cotton fabric like khaddar, so that in case they get oil and ghee stains, they can be boiled, washed and bleached. They suggested that kitchen dusters should also be made of cotton fabric so that they can be cleaned easily by kneading and beating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14141833", "title": "Missing sports marks spook some students", "text": "MUMBAI: At a time when close to a dozen students from the Mumbai division are elated about scoring a perfect 100% in their SSC exams, all thanks to 25 marks\u20144.17%\u2014 awarded by the education board for excellence in sports, a bunch of students are wondering why these marks are missing form their mark sheets. A day after the SSC results were announced, a group of students, on Thursday, contacted the state board officials to seek help in this matter.\"I had applied for a certificate with the district sports officer along with some of my friends, but my mark sheet doesn't show the marks,\" said Jinal Mehta (name changed ). Jinal has participated at the state-level athlete meet in high jump and had applied to the district sports officer (DSO ) almost three months ago. She has also contacted her school authorities at Children's Academy in Kandivli who have assured her that the marks would be added in the next few days.A bunch of students from Rustomjee International School (SSC ) in Dahisar who have won medals at a statelevel karate competition face a similar predicament.State board officials told TOI that students who had applied for sports quota marks a little late might have missed seeing the marks in their results. \"Whoever has applied to the DSOs and not received these marks can get in touch with the divisional board office. These students will receive the marks if their documents are authentic,\" said Sarjerao Jadhav, state board chairman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14145537", "title": "ISKCON's security concern for Rath Yatra", "text": "Bhubaneswar: With annual Rath Yatra nearing, functionaries at the ISKCON (international society for Krishna consciousness) temple in Nayapally area here are worried a lot about security and traffic management. Though preparations for the mega festivity are in full swing, the alleged molestation of a woman television journalist during the 2010 Rath Yatra continued to haunt the ISKCON temple organizer.This apart, the spurt in snatching incidents in the city has put the shrine authorities in a spot of bother. \"Since the temple is located on the side of NH in city, crowd management and traffic snarls are the major problems we face every year. On Thursday we will convene a meeting with the city police officials seeking their help for a hassle-free Rath Yatra,\" ISKCON temple's president Dhruba Das said. The meeting will also be attended by Bhubaneswar mayor, representatives of fire services, works and public health division departments.\"This time we will urge the state government to provide us two ambulances and water tankers,\" Das said. Though the chariot festival is observed at different places in Bhubaneswar, the ISKCON temple's Rath Yatra is the major crowd puller. The shrine authorities expect a footfall of around two lakh pilgrims on June 21. \"Miscreants would try to make the most of the crowded festival. We request the devotees to take adequate precautions to avoid any untoward incident,\" Das said. The alleged molestation of the scribe was the dark side of the 2010 Rath Yatra. Two policemen of India Reserve Battalion (IRB) left the department red-faced by allegedly molesting the woman journalist in the crowd. Police had arrested the two errant cops.\"There is no need to panic. There will be toned-up security arrangement for an incident-free car festival,\" twin city police commissioner Sunil Roy said. As per tradition, the deities of ISKCON temple would be taken in boisterous procession to the newly built Gundicha temple in Unit-VIII area. Sources said Rath Yatra will be celebrated with fanfare at eleven other places in Bhubaneswar. \"We have so far received 11 applications from different resident welfare associations seeking security and traffic arrangements,\" a police officer said. Barring a few, almost all organizers have used the same chariots used in the previous car festivals. \"All arrangements have been made to the tee. Local youths and children are busy decorating the chariot. This time we enhanced our budget and would hire artists to blow conch and beat cymbals during pulling of the chariot,\" said Biswajit Pattnaik, general secretary of Niladri Vihar Youth Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14149672", "title": "Permanent solution for sea erosion in the offing", "text": "MANGALORE: Sea erosion, the perennial problem that people in Ullal are forced to deal with every monsoon, will soon be a thing of past. The Ullal sub project under the Sustainable Coastal Protection and Management Programme (SCPMP) of the Asian Development Bank (ADB), which is aimed at arresting severe sea erosion permanently, will be a reality by mid 2014.The Ullal Shoreline Protection and Management Project will have two multipurpose geo textile reefs and four inshore berms. An international tender was called for the project on June 4 and the last day for the bidders to submit their tenders is July 23.SCPMP joint director Shanth Kumar told TOI that the sub project would be taken up at an estimated cost of Rs 26.24 crore. \"It consists of four components that will ensure protection of the shore and prevention of severe sea erosion in Ullal,\" he said.As part of the project two big offshore reefs will be built at 600 mt off the coast and six mt below the water level. Four shore berms will also come up on the beach. \"While ADB will bear 84.5% of the cost as loan assistance, 15.5% will be born by the state government. Netherlands-based Euro Consult Mott Macdonald is the consultant for the project. The project will be completed within 20 months after the commencement,\" he added.SCPMP comprises three phases. The Ullal sub project will be taken up in the first phase. The loan agreement and the project agreement were signed between ADB, government of India and Karnataka government in August, 2011. \"A pre-bid meeting for the Ullal sub project will be held on June 22,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14137137", "title": "Presidential polls: Mulayam Singh Yadav remains a slippery customer", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mulayam Singh Yadav has not surprised for the first time and most believe, it is not the last time either.If Samjawadi Party supremo wrenches open his new-found clinch with his Trinamool counterpart and backs Congress's candidate for Presidentship, many would have seen it before. If this flip-flop comes within a day, there were others that were as swift as blink-and-miss manoeuvres of a weathered wrestler.At the peak of the opposition on the Indo-US nuclear deal, Yadav gathered smaller parties like Telugu Desam Party, INLD of Haryana, Asom Gana Parishad, Jharkhand Vikas Party under the banner of United National Progressive Alliance and made a bloc to voice their opposition to the nuclear deal.There were doubts but SP swore by the opposition. One evening in July, 2008, after the alliance's another show of unity, Mulayam Singh and his aide Amar Singh rushed to former President A P J Abdul Kalam to seek his advice on what should be done.Minutes later, Mulayam Singh told reporters, \"We have met Mr Kalam and he has advised us. According to him, the deal is in the interest of the nation. He has said it is beneficial and now it is up to us to decide.\" The Left withdrew support to UPA government and SP filled the gap.The Left Front had tasted the bitter medicine earlier too. Yadav, who was part of Third Front with the CPM-led bloc, broke away during the President's election to back NDA candidate A P J Abdul Kalam. The Left Front opposed the move, but Yadav stuck to his guns. Asked about the Third Front, he said, \"We have formed our own People's Front.\"Yadav has always been pragmatic enough to seize the opportunity. In 1999, in the middle of Lok Sabha elections, he sprang a surprise by engineering defections among outside supporters to Kalyan Singh government in Lucknow. And, the biggest surprise was when he had joined hands with arch-rival BSP to prop up Jagdambika Pal as the CM. Many felt the reason was to have his government for the polling a day later. That over, he had no regrets in seeing the court overthrow Pal and restore Kalyan Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14148790", "title": "Glue units polluting Ganga in Jajmau", "text": "KANPUR: When the law enforcement agencies are making efforts to make the national river clean and free from pollution, several glue factories in Jajmau routinely discharge toxic water into the open drains flowing through congested localities and falling into the Ganga.The polluted water, containing chromium and other poisonous chemicals, even spills on to the roads and causes a foul smell in a vast stretch of nearly 5km.Many glue units dotting the river, which were sealed by the Pollution Control Board a few years back, are now functioning and discharging effluents directly into the Ganga.A survey revealed that glue workers boil hide and slush for procuring adhesive, manure and chicken feed etc and pose a major environmental as well as health hazard.About a dozen factories dot the road which connects water treatment plant at Wajidpur. As one moves ahead of the water treatment plant, the stench emanating from the glue units gets stronger. A view of the open drains containing toxic effluents is enough to tell the real story.The water released in the drains is black, laden with effluents and falls into the Ganga untreated, claimed an NGO. Experts say that that the affluents carry chromium well above the permissible limit.\"Untreated effluents can't be released directly into the drains. Our findings reveal that chromium and hazardous waste flows through the drains. We are planning to take it up with the district authorities and the state pollution control board,\" said Ramji Tripathi, convener of Ganga Pradushan Mukti Abhiyan.The residents of the area have demanded shifting of glue units from the present site as the poisonous effluents have made their lives miserable. The people said the glue units were emitting foul smell and effluents coming from it have rendered the area a breeding ground for mosquitoes and flies, which may cause epidemic.A meat shop owner said the polluted water discharged from the units had affected the groundwater used for drinking purposes and other household works.\"We are not aware of the toxicity of the water, but the stench is unbearable. At times, we have breathing problems and it only indicates that this is a serious health hazard. The smoke emanating from chimneys of the glue units indicates the presence of chemicals and often we also have burning sensation in our eyes,\" said Anees, a shopkeeper.Few of the glue units close to the banks of the Ganga are directly discharging effluents into the river. \"We have been allowed by the police to operate and we do comply with all the norms,\" said an owner of a glue factory.Municipal commissioner N K S Chauhan said that those flouting the norms would be penalized. A special team would be formed to check it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14145725", "title": "Narendra Modi's convoy: HC reserves order on traffic arrangement", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has kept its decision pending over a PIL filed by one Jignesh Goswami demanding some regulatory measures for traffic during movement of VIPs like chief minister Narendra Modi.However, the division bench comprising acting chief justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and justice J B Pardiwala has observed that there cannot be any compromise with the security provided to the chief minister Narendra Modi , but at the same time commoners should not suffer due to his convoy.The PIL came to be filed after news were published earlier this year that two persons, who were being carried in ambulances, died on January 9because they could not make to the hospital in time following traffic blockade to make way for Modi's convoy. Goswami's counsel Kiran Pandit argued that Article 14 of the Constitution gives right to equality to every citizen before law; they people should not be made to suffer because of VIPs security.The state government supplied information regarding security arrangements and intelligence input to the high court in a sealed cover. The bench said that the security given to the CM cannot be compromised with but at the same time arrangement should be made that people do not have to suffer because of the security during CM's convoy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14147422", "title": "Film Fest Cinema Out of the Box inaugurated", "text": "Film maker Mahesh Manjrekar inaugurated the Film Festival 'Cinema out of the Box' organized by Entertainment Society of Goa in collaboration with Directorate of Film Festivals and National Film Archive of India on June 14 at Maquinez Palace. Soon after the inauguration Manjrekar said, \"Goa is taking leaps into the Entertainment Industry and very soon it will be like Cannes, where actors and directors will want to rush too.\" The event will showcase a bouquet of films that have broken the boundaries of convention and have given the world cinema with an edge.The festival is a unique Film Festival which was brought about by Manoj Srivastava, CEO, Entertainment Society of Goa, after his experience at a film festival where it was assumed that Indian Cinema is all songs and dance. Through the film festival, the Entertainment Society wants to educate the audience that there are a lot of films that have broken away from the conventional plot and are making waves in the industry as well as enriching audience. Films which have been path breaking and pioneers in social realism like Jagte Raho, Koshish, Neecha Nagar etc. will be screened during the five-day extravaganza.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14144742", "title": "BJP leads in Maheshwar bypoll in Madhya Pradesh", "text": "BHOPAL: Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) candidate Rajkumar Mev is leading by a margin of more than 14,500 votes at the end of sixth round of counting in Maheshwar (SC) assembly by-election in Madhya Pradesh.Election officials said Rajkumar Mev maintained his lead from the first round and later consolidated further as counting of votes progressed in the constituency from the morning. Eight more rounds of votes are left to be counted and the result is expected to come in by noon.The ruling BJP candidate has so far secured comfortable lead over his nearest Congress Devendra Sadho, who is the brother of Vijaylaxmi Sadho, Rajya sabha member. By-election to Maheshwar seat was necessitated following her election to the Upper house of parliament in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14141535", "title": "Engineering students take re-exam, most find questions difficult", "text": "MUMBAI: More than 27,000 first-year engineering students from the University of Mumbai appeared for the re-exam of applied mathematics-II on Wednesday. Some exam centres complained of unclear symbols in the question paper even as students found the re-exam questions difficult to crack.The principal of one of the colleges said, \"There was a difference in the format in which the question paper was sent. When it was downloaded by some centres, the symbols changed. The university had called up every centre to ask if there were any problems in the question papers. Not all colleges had to face the problem, so it could be the error in the paper's format.\"A university official, however, said it was not an error.Meanwhile, students found it difficult to crack the paper as they were exhausted after their month-long exams and could not prepare for it well. \"My exams got over on June 11, a month after it started. And reappearing for the same paper is a daunting task. I started to solve the questions but just could not complete it. I was unable to arrive at solutions, so I left too many questions midway,\" said Ashish B, a first-year engineering student.Another student claimed that the question paper was easier than the May 18 one. \"If I had prepared in the last two days, I would have scored well. But when I got the question paper, I realized I had forgotten many of the concepts. The concepts just evaporated and I failed to answer most of the questions. Now, I believe, I would have scored better in the previous paper,\" said Girish K.Many of his friends found it difficult to crack the paper on Wednesday and were even paranoid a day before the exams about the difficulty level of the paper set for a re-exam.Some students, who were traumatised by the paper leak, claimed the re-exam was a relief. Rhea S, an engineering student from a college in the western suburbs, said, \"On May 18, I was a bit upset when we got to know that many students already had the question paper. Though we were all worried about a re-exam, the paper was a relief.\"A college principal said question papers came via email and were uploaded on the web link.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14149991", "title": "Michelle Williams dishes out relationship advice", "text": "Michelle Williams who is currently dating Jason Segel has offered some relationship advice.It's taken a while for the 'My Week With Marilyn' star to get back into the dating game, but she is now enjoying her happier days with Segel.\"You deserve more than just somebody who's nice to you,\" the New York Daily quoted the 31-year-old as telling Canada's Flare magazine.\"I think that so often these days, niceness seems like it should be enough because it seems like such a rare quality but when you get inside of it, you think, 'Hmmm... I can be pretty nice to myself.\"What about these other things? Life is too short and too crappy to not try to get more of what you want,\" she said.Williams who began quietly dating the \"How I Met Your Mother\" funnyman earlier this year, \"hasn't been this happy in a long time,\" a source told Us Weekly of the couple's new relationship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14148336", "title": "Autonomy of IITs will remain intact, Manmohan Singh assures faculty federation", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Friday gave an assurance that the autonomy of IITs will remain \"intact\", the IIT faculty federation, opposing the proposed common entrance to these institutes, said after meeting him.\"We explained each of our points to him (PM). He has told us he will talk to HRD minister and assured that the autonomy of the IITs will remain intact,\" secretary of All India IIT Faculty Federation (AIIITFF) A K Mittal told reporters after the federation met Singh.The federation has contended that the common entrance test for admission to the undergraduate programme to the IITs and other Centrally-funded institutes will undermine the autonomous status enjoyed by the IITs.The meeting came in the backdrop of HRD minister Kapil Sibal cutting short his US visit and returning to India late on Thursday night.During the meeting, the federation raised the issue of autonomy and said the decision taken by the IIT council about holding the one nation one examination should be ratified by all the IIT senates.\"We also insisted that any change in the entrance test should be effected only after 2013,\" Mittal said.The federation also raised the issue of giving weightage to board marks after the process of normalisation for preparing the merit list, saying \"normalisation of board marks needs more studies\", he said.Mittal felt all the IITs are free to emulate IIT Kanpur's move to hold its own entrance test following the government's decision to hold the nation-wide common entrance test under a new format.The federation, which is of the view that the new format will increase stress of students instead of decreasing it, has said that students aspiring to join institutes other than the IITs need not sit for two test -- main and advance --as proposed.It said that only the main be used for all institutes except the IITs to select students.It said the advance test should be required only for the IITs.\"The IITs advance test should be subjective type, just for the candidates aspiring to join the IITs. This advance test will be held on a day different from the main test and will be administered to only shortlisted candidates from the main test (50,000-70,000) by IITs only,\" the federation has said in a statement yesterday after meeting PMO officials.Mittal had said the meeting with PM's advisor T K A Nair was \"productive and encouraging\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14152730", "title": "Non-Andhra Pradesh microfinance institutions exhibiting signs of recovery: Microfinance Insitutions Network", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two years after the Andhra Pradesh microfinance crisis brought the microfinance sector to its knees, microfinance institutions (MFIs), especially those based outside Andhra Pradesh are showing signs of recovery, a report put out by Microfinance Insitutions Network (MFIN), a self-regulatory body of 46 RBI registered NBFC-MFIs, has claimed.This, MFIN said, was despite the pan-India MFI borrower base shrinking 17% to around 22.77 million borrowers in 2011-12 from over 27.5 million borrowers in 2010-11, total loan disbursements falling 38% to around Rs 20,000 crore during 2011-12 from over Rs 32,629 crore in 2010-11 and gross loan portfolio nationally falling 15% to Rs 15400 crore from Rs 18157 crore.MFIs outside AP are continuing to show steady growth both in terms of gross loan portfolio, which has increased by 22%, and disbursements that went up 5% during 2011-12, said MFIN MicroMeter, the first edition of MFIN's quarterly report, adding that write-offs by non-AP MFIs also came down by 45% during the period.The report also claimed that repayments made by clients outside AP were steady at around 99% despite operational issues being faced by all MFIs, demonstrating resilience of the MFI sector and credit worthiness of its clients.Commenting on the report, MFIN CEO Alok Prasad said that the data signaled a positive outlook for NBFC-MFIs. \"While the pan-India indicators present a fairly negative picture of the state of the industry, a closer look at the data reveals trends that are promising. Investor confidence has grown with asset sales transactions doubling to Rs 3000 crore in the last fiscal even as 99% client repayment rates outside AP is the strongest sign of inherent strength of the industry. The future can only get better,\" Prasad said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14144033", "title": "Tree crashes on rickshaw, 2 trucks at Paliem", "text": "Mapusa: Seven persons travelling in a rickshaw had a miraculous escape when a tree came crashing down on their vehicle at Paliem in Pernem taluka on Wednesday night amidst heavy rains. Two trucks, which were parked under the tree, were also damaged and four electricity poles were brought down plunging the entire area into darkness. While one of the trucks was slightly damaged the other one was badly affected.The heavy branches penetrated through the roof and damaged the cabin and interiors of the truck. There was total chaos as it was not clear in the darkness if anybody was trapped in the fallen branches.Later, the Pernem fire brigade officials were summoned who removed the tree and the wreckage. The road blockade following the incident was cleared at about 12.30am in the night. Health minister Laximikant Parsekar visited the site. A wedding procession consisting of some 60 to 70 guests also had a narrow escape as they reached the scene two minutes later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14149113", "title": "Disha Parmar quits studies for Pyaar Ka Dard..", "text": "Everyone wants to make it big in the glamour world and Disha Parmar is no exception.This delhi lass makes her debut opposite Nakuul Mehta in Rajshri Productions' 'Pyaar Ka Dard Hai Meetha Meetha Pyaara Pyaara' on Star Plus. However, not many know that to pursue her dreams the young girl left her studies mid way. Disha, who has appeared in several print and commercial ads in Delhi, was in class 12 when she was offered to play the lead in Rajshri's next and she grabbed the opportunity.Says Disha, \"Acting was always on my mind so when the offer came to me I happily agreed to do it. We all know that Rajshri Productions is a very reputed and big production house and I couldn't have asked for something bigger than this.\" So how did her parents react when she told them about her decision to quit studies? \"Initially they were against it and told me that it was not good to leave my studies mid-way. But then they finally agreed and supported my decision\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "rangoon ", "code": "14148794", "title": "Rising ethnic clashes could tarnish Myanmar's 'Asia's next big frontier market' image", "text": "Rangoon : Increasing violence between the decades-old ethnic divisions in remote areas of Myanmar could tarnish the country's new image as Asia's next big frontier market, according to a report.Nearly 29 people were killed in clashes between local Buddhists and stateless Rohingya Muslims since June 8 in Rakhine State.President Thein Sein declared a state of emergency in the area on Sunday and warned the country that further bloodshed could set back its continuing transformation.According to some analysts, that military leaders will put the brakes on further overhauls, even as democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi tours Europe and Western investors study whether it is time to invest in Myanmar, The Wall Street Journal reports.Some analysts warned that the more open political climate that has evolved in Myanmar over the past year has allowed people to use new freedoms to reopen old wounds.\"The outbreak of communal tensions is an unwelcome byproduct of the government's political reform drive, and if not tackled carefully, could derail much of the progress made over the past year,\" the paper quoted said Jan Zalewski, an analyst at risk consultancy IHS Global Insight , as sating.According to the paper, bloody clashes in Myanmar come as Western businesses assess when or how quickly to invest in the country after sanctions against it were suspended.The country is a largely untapped market of over 50 million people and rich in natural resources, many of them in ethnic-minority areas.Local business executives said potential foreign partners are concerned that there could be backsliding on recent political reform because of the situation in Rakhine State.Security analysts also raised fear that road closures and other disruptions could affect infrastructure projects such as a Chinese-invested oil and gas pipeline project near the town of Kyaukpyu, adding to the uncertainty about the country's long-term economic direction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14141684", "title": "Monsoon wait likely for 3 days more", "text": "MUMBAI: The southwest monsoon may still be two or three days away from the city. This is not the first time that the rains are much behind their normal date of arrival in Mumbai. Only twice in the last seven years has the monsoon arrived in Mumbai before June 10--the normal date.Ideally, the monsoon should hit Mumbai seven to nine days after coming to Kerala, but if its arrival dates of the last seven years are taken into account, it becomes clear that it takes five days to a month to advance from that state to Mumbai. According to the Met department, the maximum time the monsoon took to reach Mumbai was in 1959, when it reached on June 25.\"Considering the data, the average date of the monsoon's arrival in Mumbai works out to June 10. But this does not mean that the rains will arrive in the city on a particular date every year,\" said N Y Apte, deputy director general of the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD), western region.Last year, after hitting Kerala on May 30, the monsoon reached Mumbai within five days. But in 2009, when rains were the most erratic, the monsoon hit Kerala on May 24 (seven days before normal) and reached Mumbai on June 24. The year was marked by drought, when rainfall in the monsoon months was recorded at 1,760.4 mm in Colaba and 1,968.02 mm in Santa Cruz, according to BMC data. The average rainfall in Colaba and Santa Cruz should be 2,232 mm and 2,623 mm, respectively.On Thursday, the IMD reported 50% below average rain for the country during the week from June 7 to 13. Only 15.3mm rain was recorded as against 30.6mm normal rain for this period. Earlier, the IMD had reported 36% below average rain from May 31 to June 6, the first week of the four-month monsoon season that begins on June 1.The monsoon advanced slightly on Wednesday, but there was again no rainfall in Mumbai on Thursday. Neither observation station at Colaba and Santa Cruz recorded any rainfall till the evening. \"The upper limit of monsoon clouds continues to be in Harnai, Satara, Gadag, Mysore, Vellore, Chennai and Gangtok,\" read the daily update on the Met's website.Temperatures in Mumbai were moderately high on Thursday, with Colaba recording 33.6 degree Celsius and Santa Cruz 34.8 degree Celsius. In the evening, relative humidity was 77% and 62% for Colaba and Santa Cruz, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14141866", "title": "Fear chokes business at bars, clubs", "text": "MUMBAI: The ongoing police raids have instilled a fear psychosis that has percolated down to the average city tippler who is afraid that a night out might end on a sour note.The manager of a Bandra lounge bar, which was raided last month, says the number of patrons has dropped \"desperately\", particularly in clubs that play loud music. What is \"definitely affecting Mumbai's nightlife\" is the fear of being held in police custody overnight, being subjected to medical tests conducted with dubious equipment, and of course being videographed by the police amid all this.The youth are interested in the ongoing Euro 2012 football tournament, but spirits have been somewhat dampened due to the raids. \"People have been calling to ask if we are relaying the late-night matches that start at 12.15 am, but we politely decline to show them because we have permission to stay open only till 1.30 am and the matches last till 2.15 am or so,\" says the manager of a sports bar in Parel.\"There are several aspects that could put fear into people, from being photographed by the police to being subjected to medical tests,\" says Sudhakar Shetty, president of the Association of Hotels and Restaurants.Already, the hotel industry is facing a 30 to 40% downturn owing to excise levies, increased taxes, permit rooms closing down and increasing inflation. \"We are cooperating fully with the law by putting up posters and banners asking patrons not to drink and drive,\" says Shetty. \"We will not protect or defend illegal goings-on in any establishment, but legitimate businesses should not be harassed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14153830", "title": "Prestigious MRCPCH exam to be held in India", "text": "MUMBAI: In a first, Indian doctors can take the exam for the coveted Membership of the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health (MRCPCH) degree in the country itself. The Kokilaben Dhirubhai Ambani Hospital in Andheri (west) has been appointed as the centre for clinical examinations.Earlier doctors had to travel all the way to UK to obtain the international degree. Once aspiring doctors clear the exam, they will be allowed to use the designation 'MRCPCH (UK)' in their practice. While written examinations for MRCPCH have been taking place at the hospital since 2009, this is the first time the clinical examination will be held here on June 16 and 17.A team of senior consultants from the National Health Service (NHS) in UK led will oversee the examination in partnership with a team of senior consultants from India. Dr Ramesh Mehta, principle regional examiner of South Asia for the Royal College said, \"The MRCPCH is a prestigious international examination that is recognised by the Indian government and gives Indian doctors the opportunity to get an international post graduate examination without leaving the country\".Consultant paediatrician at Kokilaben Hospital Dr Santanu Sen, also an examiner said, \"MRCPCH is a rigorous examination where even the examiners have to train and be evaluated.\" Sen said 48 paediatricians from all over India and even other countries like Singapore, Australia, Muscat, Brunei, Bahrain and Saudi Arabia would be taking the examination in Mumbai.\"We even have a large number of candidates from the UK itself who are very keen to take the examination here in India,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14143942", "title": "Renukacharya says he knows all about the cross-voters", "text": "BANGALORE: Signalling that all is not well in the BJP, excise minister MP Renukacharya on Thursday accused his party MLAs of receiving huge sums of money to cross-vote in favour of opposition party candidates, in the just-concluded polls to the Upper House.\"I know when and where the money exchanged hands. Some ministers and MLAs who had gone to New Delhi to support the continuance of DV Sadananda Gowda as CM, have cross-voted. The party president should initiate action against them,'' Renukacharya told reporters here on Thursday.Supporting Renukacharya's statement, CM Sadananda Gowda maintained that he had suspended mining baron G Janardhana Reddy and former Union minister Basannagouda Yatnal from the party on disciplinary grounds, when he was heading the state BJP unit. Reddy was suspended from the party in 2006 when he accused then CM HD Kumaraswamy of receiving Rs 150 crore as bribe over illegal mining. \"I urge president KS Eshwarappa to follow suit on the erring MLAs,\" Gowda said.A team of 10 MLAs, led by municipal administration minister Balachandra L Jarkiholi, had camped in the capital urging BJP president Nitin Gadkari to continue Gowda and not heed the pressure tactics of former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa. Renukacharya added that he would reveal the names of the MLAs who cross-voted, and the amount received for this purpose, to the CM and party president soon.The BJP and Congress had to face the ignominy of cross-voting by its MLAs, and in the bargain, Independent candidate Byrathi Suresh secured the highest number of 23 votes. The official candidate of the Congress, Iqbal Ahmed Saradagi, lost by a big margin in the polls on Monday. Saradagi's defeat has upset the Congress' equations with the minorities, and the leaders constituted a panel to look into the cross-voting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mahbubnagar", "code": "14141496", "title": "Man found dead near railway tracks", "text": "MAHBUBNAGAR: A cowherd was found dead in suspicious circumstances near Nandigama village in Kotturu mandal of Mahbubnagar district in the early hours of Thursday. His family members alleged that he was murdered by his employers.The head was severed from the torso which was found close to the railway tracks in the village. Sources said the assailant tied Narasimha, 26, to the railway tracks . Narasimha, who was working for land owner Ananth Reddy and his wife Droupadamma went missing on Wednesday afternoon . On Wednesday, he took their cattle to a nearby tank where one of the animals was injured. The irate owners reprimanded him. He came back home around 2pm for lunch after which he left home and didn't return.The anxious family members approached the police on Thursday morning with a complaint that Narasimha was missing since Wednesday afternoon. In the meanwhile, the railway police rushed to the spot after some villagers informed them about a headless body. A dog squad was pressed into service. The railway cops later brought the matter to the civil police, who confirmed that the body was that of Narasimha. \"His family suspects the role of his owner in his untimely death. We are investigating the matter,\" Venkateswarlu, CI, said. The body was later sent to Shadnagar government hospital for an autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "14141842", "title": "At 84, Chinese man wants sex change", "text": "BEIJING: A 84-year-old Chinese man, who started to wear women's clothes and took hormones to enlarge his breasts four years ago, now wants to undergo sex change surgery at this ripe age.Qian Jinfan, who is married and has a son decided to disclose his secret four years ago, and gave himself the feminine name Yiling to realize his childhood dream to become a woman and concealed the secret until he was 80.\"I thought it was great to be a girl since then,\" Qian told Nanfang Daily. \"When I was around 14, I liked swaying my hips when walking and posing in feminine gestures. But I only showed the real me when I was alone.\"Qian, calligrapher by profession , deceived his parents, wife and son all these years.They never thought he was a transgender person though he wore long hair, bell-bottoms and tight clothes since the 1980s. \"The current me is the real me,\" said Qian, dressed in leopard-patterned sun top, adding, \"the past 80 years covered the true me.\" He goes to women's restrooms and his wife is willing to go out with her femaledressed husband.He told the newspaper he tried to take pills to look more like a woman in the 1960s, but gave up.Qian, who lives in southern Guangdong province, said he has longed for transsexual surgery, but the procedure always seemed too risky and complicated. In September 2009, Qian wrote a letter to the Foshan Cultural, Radio, TV, Film, Press and Publication Bureau in Guangdong Province, where he retired, to express his intention. \"I didn't write the letter on impulse. I didn't care if the authority would degrade my ranking or decrease my income,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14146197", "title": "Gold price at record high", "text": "KOCHI: With a sharp increase in demand from investors looking for safer investment options in the wake of the eurozone crisis, gold price hit a record level on Thursday, with per sovereign price reaching Rs 22,200 in Kerala market.\"The per gram price of gold should have been Rs 2,800 on Thursday, but taking into consideration the dull demand from the jewellery buyers in Kerala market, we avoided the margin we usually take and opted to settle the price at Rs 2,775,\" said B. Girirajan, president of All Kerala Gold and Silver Merchants Association (AKGSMA). The price for the Kerala market is set by three member committee of the AKGSMA on a daily basis. This price is mainly based on the gold price set by the London Gold Market Fixing, but includes customs duty, value added tax, and one per cent of the total cost of gold.The closure of the wedding season in Kerala has resulted in waning demand, and with the prices going high, the investors have started flooding the market to sell their stocks. \"The jewellery market across Kerala has come to a standstill,\" laments PC Natesan, general secretary of AKGSMA.However, there were certain pockets which were unaffected by the general mood of the market. \"Compared to the previous days of the week, we had a brisk business,\" said Pratap K Bydan, store manager with Malabar Gold &amp; Diamonds at Kochi.Meanwhile, the price of gold in the Mumbai bullion market reached Rs 3,000 per gram on Thursday. Standard gold of 99.5 purity climbed up by Rs 140 to reach Rs 30,000 per 10g from Wednesday's closing level of Rs 29,860. Pure gold of 99.9 purity advanced by Rs 135 from the previous day to Rs 30,145 per 10g.In the national capital, gold prices surged to an all-time high of Rs 30,550 per 10g on sustained buying by jewellers for the coming marriage season.In the international market, gold traded at $1,619.98 per troy ounce on Thursday and analysts attribute this to the economic situation prevailing in the Europe. \"Swelling worries about the eurozone's ability to contain its debt crisis attracted some safe haven buying in gold. Spanish rate cutting and concerns over China's economic growth also weighed on the sentiments,\" said analysts' report from the Geojit Comtrade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14141777", "title": "BMC says it has made the most of rain delay", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) says it has finished almost all pending work, taking advantage of the delayed onset of the monsoon. After Sunday's considerable rains, the week has been relatively dry.After claiming to have desilted all the major nullahs--numbering about 550--the civic body says it has finished transporting the silt. \"We have collected 4 lakh cubic metres of silt this time round as against 4.4 lakh cubic metres we collect every year. The silt was deposited in dumping grounds and sanitary landfills in the last few days,\" said L S Vhatkar, chief engineer, storm water drains.The department is sure it has carried out all work as planned. \"Very little desilting work remains to be carried out, that too on minor nullahs. There are about 660 minor nullahs, a n d we h ave a l m o s t cleaned them. Work on desilting and clearing drains will continue even during the monsoon. We are expected to carry out 20% of work during the season,\" Vhatkar said.Meanwhile, the roads department said it had made provisions to carry out work before and after the monsoon and it was not possible to do anything immediately.\"The monsoon's delay has not had much of an effect on us. We had decided what work to do before the season and what after it. We cannot start any work on new roads right now as we know it might rain any time,\" said a BMC official. \"But minor work, such as replacing paver blocks or lifting debris from roadsides or emergency monsoon-related work, will be taken up even during the rainy season.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14151112", "title": "Congress uncomfortable in Mamata government, writes to Sonia", "text": "KOLKATA: The political turmoil in New Delhi had its reverberations in Bengal on Friday after the Congress legislative party meeting in the state Assembly resolved to inform the Congress high command that they are no longer comfortable being Trinamool's alliance partner the state. It also said chief minister Mamata Banerjee's \"unethical behavior and attitude\" on the Presidential poll issue should be condemned, the meeting also made a fervent plea to the Congress president Sonia Gandhi to nominate Pranab Mukherjee, as the UPA-2's choice for President.The battlelines appeared drawn on the very first day the state Assembly convened for its extended month-long budget session, as choosing to ignore the Congress, the Trinamool legislative party unanimously resolved to support any decision taken by their party supremo and chief minister Mamata Banerjee on the Presidential polls. For many in Trinamool, the resolution was a foregone decision but its hurried last-minute inclusion in the meeting appeared to be aimed more at their alliance partner in the state. State parliamentary affairs minister Partha Chatterjee didn't wish to read much into the Congress stand, \"The people have given a very clear mandate to Mamata Banerjee and Trinamool Congress to govern the state. We will have no problems in doing it. If someone says such thing, they should be the best one to answer,\" he said.The Congress meeting which started within minutes of Trinamool winded up its own concluded with its legislative party leader Md Sohrab saying, \"We decided on three things. To appeal to Soniaji to nominate Pranab Mukherjee as the party's choice for President. We condemn the unethical behavior and attitude of the chief minister. We have informed the Congress high command that we are feeling very uncomfortable in continuing in this alliance.\" Pradesh Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya said, \"Till any decision is taken, we will play a constructive role in the Assembly and not shy away from opposing any anti-people move.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14143438", "title": "Om Shanti Om premiere had the longest red carpet", "text": "I remember meeting Farah Khan in Satyam Hall, Juhu. She told me that she was writing a film titled Happy New Year and if I were good, she would cast me opposite Shah Rukh Khan or Zayed Khan in the venture.We kept in touch ever since. She kept telling me that she was still on the project though nothing had really moved ahead. Then one fine day, she called up to say that she was not making Happy New Year but another film titled Om Shanti Om . And this one would only be with SRK .I still remember the day we drove down to Mannat to meet Shah Rukh. I couldn't believe that I was actually entering the very place where people crowd outside to catch a glimpse of their favourite star. When Shah Rukh saw me, he simply said, \"Darling, just sit back and relax.\" Then everything started sinking in.November 9, 2007 was a big day for me. A day before Om Shanti Om released in India, we were in London for the premiere. Farah, who was pregnant at the time, couldn't accompany the rest of us. It was Shah Rukh who organised everything. Before leaving the hotel for the premiere at Empire Leicester Square, we had a group call with Farah.It was the longest red carpet ever. Two years before the release of Om Shanti Om , I was in London for a holiday with friends. I had looked at the same venue and hoped that some day, I too get a chance to walk down the steps there. It was wish fulfilment.The next day, Friday, we came back to Mumbai. I will never forget that day. Things had changed overnight. People, even at the airport had started recognising me. I realised that I had made it big when I was signed up for Love Aaj Kal even before Om Shanti Om hit the theatres.My parents were overwhelmed to see their daughter in a theatre. They had tears in their eyes and kept saying, \"Oh my god. Yeh meri beti hai! \" They were very proud of me. Every time I meet Shah Rukh, he tells me that OSO would not have been so special and such a big hit if I weren't a part of it. He gives me a lot of credit for its success. But I feel it is Shah Rukh and Farah's faith in me that made me deliver.I don't think I really understood what was really happening at the moment. I don't come from a film family. Today when I see other newcomers being launched, I realise what they must be going through. Farah presented me in a very nice way as the 'Dreamy Girl'.The first time I saw myself on screen, I did feel overwhelmed. But I also realised my hard work and discipline had paid off. Soon, it was back to reality and back to focusing on my career. -As told to Mehul S Thakkar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14151180", "title": "Iran looking keen to import wheat from Madhya Pradesh", "text": "BHOPAL: Facing UN sanctions over its nuclear programme, Iran is looking forward to import wheat from Madhya Pradesh, a state which has almost come close to the second largest wheat producer Haryana this year. The two member Iranian delegation comprising an international affairs department personal and a plant pathologist landed in state capital on Friday and are scheduled to visit places in and around the state capital to check the wheat quality and other aspects. \"The team is leaving the state capital tomorrow morning after getting the first-hand knowledge of quality and other aspect of the wheat.It would be too early to say that Iran would procure wheat from the state given the Iranian delegation has arrived in the state capital just today,\" Madhya Pradesh Warehousing &amp; Logistics Corporation (MPWLC) managing director Sheo Shekhar Shukla told TOI. Once a laggard, Madhya Pradesh has procured 85 lakh metric tonnes of wheat this year following bumper harvest. Right now, the state is facing problems in wheat storage huge stock lying in the open. There is inadequate storage facility in Bhopal, Raisen, Hoshangabad, Harda, Sehore and Vidisha districts, sources said. In the given circumstances, the Iranian delegation visit might have come as God-send opportunity with monsoon likely to hit the state soon.There are speculations that the Islamic state has plan to procure more than 10 lakh metric tonnes from MP, a state known for producing one of the finest quality of wheat. According to latest statistics, Punjab, Haryana and MP have procured 12.98 million tonnes, 8.65 million tonnes and 8.5 million tonnes wheat under minimum support price (MSP) respectively for the year 2011-12 by last week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "14141134", "title": "Pak shrine body prepares for Arjan Dev martyrdom day", "text": "AMRITSAR: Defying the directions of Akal Takht, various gurdwara management committees including Pakistan Sikh Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee (PSGPC) and American Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee (AGPC) have started Akhand Path ahead of observing the martyrdom day of Guru Arjan Dev on 'June 16.'The Akhand Path whose bhog would be performed on June 16 began at Shaheed Asthan Gurdwara Dera Sahib, Lahore informed AGPC coordinator Pritpal Singh while talking to TOI on Friday. He said that the AGPC had made arrangements in Lahore for the Shaheed Jor Mela.Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee (SGPC) under the aegis of Akal Takht has already observed the martyrdom day of Guru Arjan Dev on May 25 which was according to the amended version of Sikhs own Nanakshahi Calendar.However, according to the Nanakshahi Calendar adopted in 2003 the martyrdom day of Guru Arjan Dev falls on June 16.In India, Delhi Sikh Gurdwara Management Committee (DSGMC) will also observe the day according to the pre-amended version of Nanakshahi Calendar. AGPC president Jaswant Singh Hothi said that they had adopted the Nanakshahi Calendar in principal in its original form and as per its provisions the Shaheedi Diwas falls on June 16 and not May 25 which was observed by SGPC, while adding that \"There is a lot of enthusiasm to observe the Shaheedi Jor Mela in Lahore.\"DSGMC president Paramjit Singh Sarna said that \"religious dates had been changed under pressure of the Parkash Singh Badal government.\"\"We are right in observing the day on June 16, because it is in the actual Nanakshahi Calendar adopted in 2003,\" he said.Meanwhile, Pritpal informed that apart from PSGPC and AGPC, Delhi Sikh Gurdwara Management Committee (DSGMC), Bhai Mardana Yadgari Society and Nanakana Sahib Yatra Society were joining hands to observe the Shaeedi Diwas on the soil of Pakistan as per the original Nanakshahi Calendar.\"The bhog ceremony will be held on June 16 and hundreds of Sikh devotees are converging in Lahore to observe Shaheedi Diwas,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14153713", "title": "8249 auto drivers prosecuted for traffic offences", "text": "NEW DELHI: Over 60 per cent auto drivers who were stopped by traffic police were found to be violating permit rules in Delhi. In eight days, 3699 auto drivers have been prosecuted for driving without PSV badges. A total of 13407 drivers had been inspected by the traffic police.\"We started the drive on June 6 and in eight days, had checked 13407 vehicles, of which 8249 were slapped challans. We also prosecuted 2740 owners for permit violations and this can even result in permit suspension up to 30 days,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.About 575 of these drivers were found to not even have valid driver's licenses. While 1095 autos were impounded during the drive, 653 autos were found plying without even a permit.Most of these drivers were found in south Delhi, with 2620 auto drivers challaned there. Meanwhile, 1587 drivers were challaned in west Delhi, 1512 in east Delhi and 1304 in north Delhi. The lowest number of prosecutions were recorded in central Delhi, where 1226 drivers were prosecuted.The result of this drive has revealed that financiers give the autos to untrained drivers, without valid badges and sometimes not even driver's licenses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14141300", "title": "Take steps to stop waterlogging: CM Sheila Dikshit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Thursday directed all concerned agencies to ensure that necessary measures are taken to prevent waterlogging in the city during the monsoon. In a meeting with the Flood Control Apex Committee, she directed the officials of various agencies, including PWD, MCD , NDMC and flood control department, to gear up their machinery to deal with any situation of flood in low-lying areas along the Yamuna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14148453", "title": "Marriage is a bond for life, says Cheryl Cole", "text": "Former Girl's Aloud singer Cheryl Cole has revealed that she believes that marriage is a bond for a life and thinks everyone should be entitled to do it, no matter what their sexual preference is. The singer, who had a very ugly public divorce from her ex-husband Ashley Cole in 2010 when claims surfaced that he had cheated on her with a number of women , says that despite her bad experience, she still believes in the institution and sanctity of marriage.Talking about the UK government's recent plans to to legalise same-sex marriage, Cheryl said, \"Marriage is far more than a man and a woman, you know. It's a bond for life and whether you're gay or straight or whatever, it makes no difference to being married. What marriage stands for is that you love that person. You want to commit yourself to that person forever. All the rights that a marriage gives you, why should the fact that you are attracted to the same sex make that any different? It makes no sense to me. The same relationship, the same beliefs ... It's crazy. I don't understand why it's even a big deal!\"The 28-year-old has also admitted that she would like to walk down the aisle again and that she even had a dream in which she she tied the knot with Prince Harry. Cheryl, who works alongside Prince Charles for his charity The Prince's Trust, said, \"I love Prince Harry. Actually, I had a dream last night I married Prince Harry and was a real-life princess. It's true. And Charles was my father-in-law instead of my charity partner!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14153578", "title": "Dalbir Singh Suhag to head Eastern Army Command", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has cleared the appointment of Lt-General Dalbir Singh Suhag, on whom previous Army chief General V K Singh had imposed a discipline and vigilance (DV) promotion ban, as the new chief of the Eastern Army Command in Kolkata. This comes after new Army chief Gen Bikram Singh on June 8 lifted the DV ban on Lt-Gen Suhag, the current three Corps commander at Dimapur who is tipped to take over the force from him in August 2014.Gen Bikram Singh lifted the DV ban on Lt-Gen Suhag after accepting his explanation to the showcause censure notice imposed on him by Gen V K Singh just days before retirement on May 31. Lt-Gen Suhag's name had earlier been send to the Appointments Committee of the Cabinet (ACC) in May as the proposed successor to the then Eastern Army commander Gen Bikram Singh but it had got derailed due to the DV ban. In his showcause censure notice, Gen V K Singh had charged Lt-Gen Suhag for \"abdicating responsibility\" in handling a botched operation by an intelligence and surveillance unit under him in \"a most unprofessional and lackadaisical manner\".But coming as it did in the backdrop of Gen V K Singh's known aversion to the Bikram-Suhag line of succession, it was seen to be a result of the factional feuds engulfing the Army. Even the defence ministry had wanted to ascertain whether Gen V K Singh's action involved \"any bias or vindictiveness\" since Lt-Gen Suhag was not given any chance to respond to the showcause notice before being placed in the DV ban category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14138847", "title": "Gurgaon couple in dock for torturing minor domestic help", "text": "GURGAON: A Gurgaon couple was arrested on Wednesday for allegedly torturing their domestic help. The 16-year-old victim alleged that the couple used to confine him in the house and even beat him up regularly.The boy from Haldibari in West Bengal ran away from the couple's Gurgaon home early on Tuesday. Police identified the couple as Amit Chaudhary and Geeta. The couple lives in Sector 57, Gurgaon and they have two children - a son and a daughter. The victim has told police that a Rohini-based placement agency had got him the job in Gurgaon two years ago.In the FIR, the victim has alleged that Amit and Geeta used to beat him up over trivial matters. There were even occasions when Geeta allegedly branded him with hot tongs.Unable to bear the torture, police said, the boy ran away to Vasant Vihar where he found work in another household. He expressed the wish to return to West Bengal; but the security guard, looking at his pitiable condition, alerted the cops. Vasant Vihar police took him to Safdarjung Hospital.On Wednesday, when the child was relieved from the hospital, Delhi Police contacted their Gurgaon counterparts and Sector 56 police took custody of the child. \"There are two scars caused by branding on his shoulders and back,\" said an investigating officer.After the boy was brought back to Gurgaon, the city police informed Childline, an NGO, which counselled the victim and shifted him to a children's home. The NGO spokesperson claimed that the boy was trafficked from his native place and sold off to the placement agency.The couple, meanwhile, was produced in court on Thursday and later released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh ", "code": "14153687", "title": "Gang of robbers held in Faridabad", "text": "CHANDIGARH : Haryana Police on Friday claimed to have found a gang allegedly involved in highway robberies and robberies at petrol pump. Four persons of the gang who were allegedly planning to loot a petrol pump in district Faridabad have been arrested, said police adding that police parties are conducting raids to round up their fifth companion.Police Department official said that the accused have been identified as Ashish alias Ghuse, Birender alias Sonu, Vinod, Ashwani and Yashpal, residents of Adarsh Colony, Moradabad, Uttar Pradesh. The one who had made good his escape was Yashpal. During investigation, police has recovered a buttoned knife, two iron rods and a stick from their possession. A case has been registered against them in Ballabhgarh police station under sections 399 and 402 of Indian Penal Code and under sections 25, 54 and 59 of Arms Act.He said that in another incident, the police has recovered 315 bore country made pistol from the possession of a person near Sector 7, Market Road, Faridabad. The accused has been identified as Himanshu Sharma, a resident of Tirkha Colony, Faridabad and registered a case against him under Arms Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14143022", "title": "Karnataka to go for cloud seeding", "text": "Bangalore: Karnataka government has decided to go in for cloud seeding, if the state does not receive rains in the next fortnight.Chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda after taking stock of rainfall in the state here on Thursday found that there was 65 per cent deficit of rain in May and 62 per cent from June 2 to 14 after the onset of monsoon. The CM instructed his officials to make necessary arrangements for cloud seeding, if the state does not get rains in the next two weeks.In view of the rain failure, the CM has directed to continue the drought relief measures such as reopening goshalas (cattle camps) and resume supply of drinking water through tankers, wherever, required. Drinking water is being supplied through tankers in 881 villages in eight districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14141486", "title": "CST makeover project may get derailed", "text": "MUMBAI: An advisory body for the World Heritage Committee has disapproved of the railway's request to rationalize the heritage buffer zone of Chhattrapati Shivaji Terminus, thus dealing a body-blow to the plans to convert it into a world-class station.To make the Rs 3,000-crore project commercially viable, the railways had sought the reduction of 22.5 hectares of the buffer zone out of the 90.21 hectares. Under the Public Private Partnership (PPP) model, %the freed-up land could have been commercially exploited to fund the revamp of CST, which had been granted the status of World Heritage Site in 2004 by Unesco.The International Council on Monuments and Sites (Icomos), which offers advice to Unesco, recommended, \"The proposed reduction of the buffer zone of CST should not be approved. A Heritage Impact Assessment should be carried out to ensure that the project does not impact adversely the heritage value of the property.\"Icomos has made this %observation in its report to the World Heritage Committee, which will hold its 36th ordinary session from June 24 to July 6 at St Petersburg, Russian Federation. An official of the railway board said, \"We cannot make a comment until the decision is ratified at the forthcoming meeting.\"Surrounded by three different buffer zones, the railways had requested reduction of the buffer zone II, located north of the heritage building, which comprises the tracks and vacant land of Carnac Bunder owned by the Central Railway. The process of reduction and rationalization of the buffer zone would occur by merging of the existing three buffer zones.Icomos observed that even the existing building guidelines prevent the coming up of high-rises in buffer zone 2 to avoid congestion and obstruction of the CST building. Moreover, the new railway facilities can be built without the reduction of buffer zone without adversely impacting the Grade I heritage structure. Even if erected outside the buffer one, a construction may jeopardize the value of World Heritage Property, as already seen in several instances.VA Malegaonkar, chief public relations officer, CR said, \"We have not yet received any information on this topic from the railway board.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14135464", "title": "Kashyap upsets World No. 3 Chen at Indonesia Open", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Olympics berth has obviously done a world of good to Parupalli Kashyap's confidence. For, it has now become a habit with the youngster to net one big fish after another in his bag. On Thursday at the Djarun Indonesia Open, the Indian recorded the biggest victory of his career when he stunned world No.3 and top seed Chen Long of China 21-17, 21-14 in the pre-quarterfinals.Not to be overshadowed, Saina Nehwal too won, but for the second consecutive day she stuttered in the middle before getting past Indonesian qualifier Aprilla Yuswandari 21-17, 14-21, 21-13 to reach the quarterfinals. National women's champion PV Sindhu, however, wasn't as lucky. The lanky Hyderabadi, who defeated Maria Febe Kusumastuti of Indonesia 13-21, 21-18, 21-19 late on Wednesday, lost to eighth seed Juliane Schenk of Germany 21-14, 21-14 in the second round on Thursday.Ajay Jayaram, who fought tooth and nail for the lone men's singles Olympic berth with Kashyap, crashed to a 15-21, 14-21 loss against Dionysius Hayom Rumbaka of Indonesia.Later in the day mixed doubles pair Valiyaveetil Diju and Jwala Gutta lost to Tao Jiaming and Xia Huan of China 13-21, 21-14, 18-21.It was quite an astonishing feat by Kashyap as Long has been for long considered as the successor to Lin Dan's throne. This win will certainly boost the lad's confidence ahead of next month's quadrennial Games, and the 25-year-old was understandably excited.\"It feels great. I know it will help me believe that I can beat the best in the world. Long is a gold medal prospect for China and beating him in straight games is good,\" Kashyap said.The Hyderabadi shuttler, who qualified for the Olympics at the eleventh hour after a bitter battle with Jayaram, described the victory as the biggest of his career. \"Without doubt this is the best win of my career. In our last two meetings I committed too many unforced errors but today I attacked right from the start. He too tried hard but I got everything right today,\" said Kashyap, who will meet Hans-Kristian Vittinghus of Denmark in the quarterfinals on Friday.Coach Pullela Gopichand said that Kashyap's sensational victory will provide him the right dose of medicine ahead of the Olympics. \"We all know he is a very talented player. A couple of victories like this will boost his morale. He was very sharp today. The way he attacked and the manner he handled the shuttle at the net were too good,\" Gopi said.Meanwhile, Saina sweated it out against Aprilla. The 58-minute battle against the world No.46 player may not be the right kind of preparation for the Indian ahead of a tough quarterfinal against Shixian Wang of China.Saina began well by wrapping up the first game without much trouble. But she looked out of sorts in the second where she failed to extract even one point at the net. In the third game, however, Saina opened with a 6-1 lead and did well to dominate the inexperienced qualifier.Results (Round 2):Men's singles: Parupalli Kashyap bt Chen Long (Chn) 21-17, 21-14; Dionysius Hayom Rumbaka (Ina) 21-15, 21-14; Women's singles: Saina Nehwal bt Aprilla Yuswandari 21-17, 14-21, 21-13; Juliane Schenk (Ger) bt PV Sindhu 21-14, 21-14; Mixed doubles: V Diju &amp; Jwala Gutta lost to Tao Jiaming &amp; Xia Huan (Chn) 13-21, 21-14, 18-21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14149207", "title": "Ganesh fitted the role exactly: Roopa Iyer", "text": "Guess why Ganesh Venkatram is playing Shriya's pair in Chandra? As he was tall and handsome! Award-winning filmmaker Roopa Iyer recently said, \"I wanted someone who was tall and handsome and also a powerhouse of an actor, for that particular US-based character, who would also be Shriya's pair. Ganesh fitted the role to a T \u2014 exactly what I had conceived in my mind.\" The film will be shot in America as well, as part of the story unfolds there.Apparently, the actor is super excited about the film as well. \"When Roopa narrated the script , it was fascinating and I immediately gave my nod,\" the actor, who is awaiting the release of Pani Thuli, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14148876", "title": "Absence of loo in district leaves farmers, weather office worried", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Even as citizens sweat under high humidity, the absence of hot and dry westerly wind, Loo, in the city has left the weather office and farmers worried. The weather office says the absence of loo may delay monsoon in this part of the state.On Thursday, city recorded the maximum temperature of 45 degrees Celsius while the minimum was 32 degrees Celsius. The humidity level was around 44%.To beat intense hot conditions and high humidity, people of the Sangam city prefer to stay indoors as far as possible. Traffic on roads remains thin during daytime and those who venture out ensure that their head and face are well covered. Roadside vendors selling drinks like juice, panna, sugarcane, ice-cream etc though are doing brisk sales.\"Loo is significant in deciding the behaviour of Indian monsoon as it creates a low pressure area over the plains of northern India. Since these winds originate from the land mass, dominating the landmass of western India, they are dry and hot and the more the intensity of loo, the more normal would be the monsoon,\" said weather expert SS Ojha. In fact, barring rainy season of 2008, monsoon every year depends on the strength of loo which was strong in 2007 and not so in 2006, whereas the average temperature remained around 42 degree Celsius, he added. Prof Ojha said as loo continues to gain momentum each day, it would bring a delayed yet normal monsoon. It would be marked by long dry spells but the overall rainfall would be sufficient. \"But high humidity is not a good sign for the advent of monsoon winds which could weaken by the low pressure area caused by the relatively low temperature and high humidity,\" he added.Prof Savindra Singh, former head of the department of Geography, AU, said the Metrological department of India should come out with fresh dates regarding onset of monsoon for different parts of the country as since past many years, the monsoon is crossing the marked dates. For Allahabad, the set date for onset of monsoon is June 18 whereas the city receives pre-monsoon showers till June 25 while the full-fledged monsoon only starts by July 8 or 10, he added.Even farmers are worried. \"If the conditions remains same for a week it could derail the normal rains,\" said Sanjay Kushwaha, a peasant in Kaushambi. The hot condition means that we would have plenty of rains which mean a good kharif harvest, rice being the major crop. However, the same is missing the same this year, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14137865", "title": "Truck turns turtle, 24 killed in Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Twenty-four people, including 12 children, were crushed to death when a truck laden with sacks of processed salt overturned at Chharodi railway crossing near Sanand on Thursday. More than 40 people from the Jhabua district on the Madhya Pradesh-Gujarat border were sleeping on the sacks when the incident took place.Seventeen injured were rushed to V S Hospital in Ahmedabad. According to Sanand police station officials, the incident took place at 5.30am on Thursday as the truck was passing by the railway crossing. The driver lost control of the vehicle and it overturned. Sacks of salt weighing 20kg each fell on the victims who were crushed under the pile. The site of the accident is barely 2km from the Tata Nano plant.R K Patel, deputy superintendent of police, Sarkhej division, told TOI that the dead include six men, six women, eight boys and four girls. Four of the 24 deceased, including two men, a woman and a child, are yet to be identified.District collector and senior police officials met the victims. The state government later announced Rs 1 lakh compensation for the deceased from the chief minister's relief fund and free treatment to all the injured.Hunt On For DriverFor 45 natives of Jhabua who boarded a loading truck to reach home anyhow, the journey turned out to be a hellish ride to tragedy. The truck driver lost his balance, for reasons as yet undetermined, and the truck keeled over. Soon, people sleeping on bags of processed salt fell on their backs as a cascade of bags swamped them. After five minutes, 24 were dead and 17 injured. People residing near the accident site were the first to help the victims.J K Ninama, sub-inspector of Sanand police station investigating the case, told TOI that police don't know for sure how the accident took place. \"There are no major road problems where the accident occurred,\" he said. \"We tried to search for the driver and the cleaner but have not found them. We have contacted the truck owner to ascertain the driver's identity.\"Sanand police officials said that the truck, registered in Bhavnagar, was used to ferry processed salt from saltpans situated in little Rann of Kutch and the shores of Kutch to Indore in Madhya Pradesh.\"When we talked to some of the victims, we got to know that the work at saltpans had come to an end for the workers from Jhaubua,\" said an official. \"They had received their salaries and were heading home. The group, comprising seven to eight families, had been to Bhachau bus stand and were waiting for a bus when the truck offered them a ride up to Jhabua. Around 45 people thus got on top of the sacks. It was a dangerous move as the weight of the truck increased considerably.\"Ninama said that police have at the moment registered a case of accident and accidental deaths. \"We believe that the driver might have nodded off and lost control of the vehicle, perhaps because tyres from one side slipped off the road,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "pune ", "code": "14150850", "title": "Criminal on police record held.", "text": "PUNE : The Chatushrungi police have arrested a criminal on police record and detained two minors for allegedly assaulting a 22-year-old youth with a sharp weapon and robbing him of his cash and automated teller machine (ATM) card. The incident took place on Senapati Bapat road recently.The suspect has been identified as Nikhil Ravinra Bamne (21) of Wadarwadi in Pune. The police team led by assistant police inspector of the Chatushrungi police station N B Devkare has made the arrests. A complaint in this regard has been lodged by Dharam Singh (22) of Wadar Housing society near Senapati Bapat road with the Chatushrungi police station.Devkare told TOI that the incident took place when Singh was returning home after having dinner. The suspect Bamne and his two minor accomplice blocked Singh's way on the Senapati Bapat road. The trio demanded money from him at sharp weapon point. When Singh refused to give them the money, one of the assaulted him with the sharp weapon and snatched his wallet and ATM card and fled. \"Singh sustained injuries on his head. He immediately came to the police and lodged the complaint,\" Devkare said.Devkare said that during the investigations the police got the tip-off that Bamne was involved in the crime. \" We laid a trap and nabbed Bamne. During the sustained interrogation he admitted his involvement in the crime and also revealed the names of his two accomplices. We have recovered the sharp weapon from the suspects,\" Devkare said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14147604", "title": "Army chief General Bikram Singh visits J&K;", "text": "NEW DELHI: In his first official visit after taking over as the Army chief on May 31, General Bikram Singh on Friday began his first-hand assessment of the ground situation along the Line of Control with Pakistan as well as ongoing counter-terrorism operations in the hinterland in Jammu and Kashmir.The Army chief on Friday morning held discussions with Northern Army commander Lt-Gen K T Parnaik at the command HQs at Udhampur.\"In the meeting, the COAS was apprised of the current security situation and the operational preparedness in Northern Command, as well as the complex dynamics of the proxy war situation in the State,\" said an officer.The Army Chief will also be visiting Srinagar where he will be briefed by Lt-Gen Om Prakash , the general officer commanding of the 15 (Chinar) Corps, and will proceed to forward areas for meeting and interacting with troops deployed on the LoC.During his visit to Srinagar, Gen Singh will also make a courtesy call on the J&K; governor N N Vohra and chief minister Omar Abdullah.The Army chief, incidentally, has had several stints in J&K; during his long career, having commanded a battalion, an RR Sector, Division as well as a Corps in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14145756", "title": "Rare species in CBSE schools", "text": "In a renewed effort, Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) has recently requested all its affiliated schools to surrender any preserved museum specimen of plants and animals that are rare and threatened (as per the Wildlife Protection Act 1972) to the ministry of environment and forest department.According to Vineet Joshi, chairman, CBSE, activists had noticed the presence of wild animals and birds that were kept in captivity in some schools during their visits to schools recently. Following which, a committee of experts met at the CBSE office and unanimously agreed to follow the Wildlife Protection Act and sensitise students towards care and protection of biodiversity.\"The CBSE had issued a circular on November 9, 2010, wherein the board had asked all its affiliated schools to surrender any rare and endangered species to the ministry of environment and forest department. But, since some endangered species have still been noticed by activists during visits to the schools, we have written to the principals to ensure that no endangered species of plants and wild animals, including birds and insects, are kept in captivity and used for classroom/laboratory study,\" says Joshi.Since the board does not have a list of schools, which have been keeping these rare species in their laboratories, all CBSE affiliated schools, whether government or private, have been warned with a notice.\"It is possible that the school authorities are not always aware whether the specimens fall under endangered or rare category. Hence, it is essential that both students and teachers are educated and sensitised,\" he adds.Joshi believes that in the age of information and computer technology, students can do without practical dissections. Instead, virtual specimens can be used for studying plant and animal diversity.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-15"}
