{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12526202", "title": "Greed for 'badhai' tip led to Rajasthan baby swap", "text": "JAIPUR: The lure of 'badhai' tip paid by parents of a newborn male child to the hospital staff seems to have led to the baby swap at Jodhpur's government-run Umaid Hospital nine days ago.A baby girl was born to Poonam Kanwar. To extort money from her family, the hospital staff handed her a baby boy. After about two hours, the boy was taken away from Poonam and she was told that she had given birth to a girl.\"Some members of the hospital staff told us that Poonam had given birth to a boy. They demanded 'badhai' tip. They said all parents blessed with a boy pay the tip,\" said Kailash Kanwar, Poonam's relative. He was with her at the time of delivery. Later, it was found that the baby boy was born to Reshmi Devi while Poonam had a girl at Umaid Hospital on March 25. But the staff gave the boy to Poonam. After the boy was taken away from her, she was flummoxed. Both Poonam and Reshmi claimed the boy.Hospital superintendent Dr Narendra Chhangani said, \"An inquiry has been ordered. Action will be taken if allegations are proved,\" said Chhangani. Sources said a similar incident happened in 2005 when two babies were switched at Umaid Hospital for the 'badhai' tip. It resulted in a dispute between two families from Jodhpur who claimed the baby boy.\"The matter was then sorted out through a DNA test in Hyderabad that helped identifying parents of the baby girl,\" said a senior hospital staff. After the goof-up, the hospital administration banned paying 'badhai' tip to the staff. Later, the practice resumed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12525675", "title": "Signal failure, engine snag derail Central Railway", "text": "MUMBAI: Services on the Harbour line were affected for 15 to 20 minutes due to signal failure at Raoli junction during the evening peak hour on Tuesday. The incident occurred around 6.30pm. Central Railway (CR) had to impose speed restrictions because of the signal failure. This resulted in services running behind the schedule.Services on CR's main line (Down) were also disrupted for an hour in the evening due to engine failure of Jayanti Janata Express near Vithalwadi station in Thane district. Locals as well as long-distance trains ran late by at least 30 minutes. Services on the Up line were not affected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12525741", "title": "'Withdrew plaint to avoid hassles'", "text": "LUDHIANA:The court had sent a notice to the deputy commissioner cum club president Rahul Tewari seeking his reply on this by April 3. But, before the administration could file its reply, both the candidates requested for withdrawal of their charges.A resident of Rani Jhansi road Navtej Singh Natt, a contestant, said they had earlier thought of approaching the court, but later felt they do not want to get hassled in the complicated judicial procedure. DC Tewari said the elections were held free and fair, so the candidates had no point moving to the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12526033", "title": "Wood worth crores gutted in Timber Market", "text": "INDORE: In a major fire breakout, wooden logs worth crores of rupees were gutted at Guru Nanak Timber Market on Dhar road in the intervening night of Monday and Tuesday.Over 10 fire tenders struggled for six hours to bring the flames under control. Many quintals of finished wood products, fire cutters and other equipment were reduced to ashes, a fire brigade official said. No casualty has been reported so far. SP, fire, B L Gandharva, said around 92 water tankers were pressed into service to bring the fire under control. \"Exact loss of goods would be assessed after the owners reveal it,\" he said adding the cause of fire was not yet known.The fire spread in shops after it broke out in a godown at around 1.30 am. The fire tenders worked late till afternoon to tame the leaping flames, he said.Danbir Singh Chhabra, president, Timber Market Association, told TOI that the total damage which might be incurred by the industry due to fire may be to the tune of Rs 5-7 crore. Though the fire tenders faced scarcity of water at the initial stage but the situation soon came under control, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12525965", "title": "Encroachment stopped, but bheri now being used to grow veggies", "text": "KOLKATA: Land mafia operating in Chowbagha area is surreptitiously attempting to recapture a 43-bigha bheri a couple of months after an audacious encroachment bid was foiled by East Kolkata Wetland Management Authority (EKWMA). The wetland is located off the Eastern Metropolitan Bypass behind Ruby Hospital and is next to Heritage school and college.With patronage from local politicians and strongmen, members of the defunct fishermen's cooperative have started growing leafy vegetables on bed of the near-dry Collector bheri that used to be a thriving fish farm till mid-2011. \"Since the water has been drained out and we can't cultivate fish, we decided to grow vegetables to make use of the plot,\" Shyamal Mondal said while drawing water from the puddle and spraying it on the vegetables. The efforts, though, haven't borne fruit with pest attack affecting much of the produce.When asked if he or others had taken permission from anyone to farm, he said they had 'local support' to begin cultivation because the plot was lying empty. \"The land does not belong to us. We used to breed fish in the bheri and earnRs 4-5 lakh annually. With the tank now dry, we had hoped to capitalize on the fertile bed till the monsoon arrived. But it isn't to be. Look at how pests have eaten into the leaves,\" Mondal said, wiping his forehead.He, though, clams up when asked why the cooperative allowed the water to be drained out and who were the men who had tried to construct a wall around it. \"We don't know about all that. One day, some men arrived with the police and tore down the wall. We were not behind either the construction or its demolition,\" he said.The \"men\" Mondal referred to were actually officials of EKWMA, who on January 21 supervised the demolition of the illegal wall with help from Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) and police. The action followed a sustained campaign by green activists and TOI. But with no headway in restoring the sprawling wetland, more water has been drained out and part of the bheri has been converted to a farm.Dismayed by the development, Bonani Kakkar of non-government organization PUBLIC and Society for Environment &amp; Development director A K Ghosh moved EKWMA chief scientific officer for immediate steps to restore the wetland. \"I see a sinister motive behind farming in the bheri. If this continues, they will claim this is cultivable land. Once it ceases to be a wetland, it will be easier to change land use,\" said Kakkar.Ghosh, who had also battled alongside Kakkar to stop the encroachment, said the sooner water is filled into the tank, the better it is. \"Demolishing the wall was a job half done. It is restoration of the wetland that is the ultimate objective. That is yet to happen,\" he said.Sources in EKWMA said they had attempted to draw water from a canal source located 300 metres away but had failed. They then wrote to Kolkata Municipal Corporation commissioner and director general of water supply on February 20, seeking help to fill water into the bheri. Another letter was sent on March 20, repeating the request to the civic commissioner. On the latter date, EKWMA also sent a letter to the South 24-Parganas district magistrate and the land and land reforms commissioner to take charge of the bheri as it belonged to the government.However, EKWMA did not inform the fisheries department though it was a fish farm till as late as the middle of last year. Fisheries minister Abu Hena, who was out of town, assured that he would look into the matter on returning. Apart from the EKW Act, 2009, the bheri can be protected under the West Bengal Inland Fisheries Act, 1984.Ghosh endorsed TOI's suggestion of KMC employing locals to excavate the waterbody under the 100-day MGNREGA programme. \"Since the bheri was filled up with slurry to dry it, there is case for excavating it so that it can retain more water during the rains. Everyone should come forward to restore this wetland,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12526671", "title": "Panchayat officer commits suicide", "text": "MYSORE: A panchayat development officer, Arun Kumar Galagali, a relative of DGP Shankar Bidari,allegedly committed suicide by hanging himself from a ceiling fan at Siddartha Layout here on Tuesday.The 29-year-old PDO of Dhulaked gram panchayat in Indi taluk of Bijapur, was suspended a few months ago on charges of misappropriation of funds under Mahatma Gandhi Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme. He was residing with his sister Mayadevi Galagli, an officer in the district, for the past month.He was found hanging at 12.30pm.Police said Arun, son of Allama Prabhu, was a BE graduate working as PDO for the past two years. \"Prior to his suspension, Arun was the in-charge PDO of Agarkhed gram panchayat. His name surfaced in a case of misappropriation of funds at Agarkhed GP,\" police said.Arun left a five-page suicide note, pleading innocence. \"My signatures were forged by some others which led to my suspension,\" he said.Police said Arun may have committed suicide in the wee hours on Tuesday, but it came to light only in the afternoon. A complaint has been registered at Nazarbad police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12525486", "title": "Government raises Urdu academy's annual budget to 1 crore", "text": "MUMBAI: In a move likely to gladden the hearts of Urdu writers, the state has raised the Maharashtra State Urdu Academy's annual budget from a mere Rs 20 lakh to Rs 1 crore. Minister for minority development Arif Naseem Khan, under whose jurisdiction the academy is, said the funds would be utilized honestly to promote Urdu in the state.\"Increase of the funds for Urdu academy was a long-standing demand of Urdu writers. The government is committed to promote Urdu just as it is committed to promote other languages used in the state,\" said Khan, adding that a separate fund will be allocated for building Urdu Bhavans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12526763", "title": "Victim blames DySP of making obscene CD", "text": "KANPUR: The sexual exploitation case in which a deputy superintendent of police is involved, took a dramatic turn on Tuesday when the victim stated before the circle officer, Cantonment that DSP Amarjeet Shahi had prepared an obscene compact disc and blackmailing her. The girl stated that the DSP had threatened her that if she would not follow his instructions, then he would fabricate her father in various heinous criminal cases. That was the main reason due to which she had maintained silence over the issue. On the directions of Shahi, she had charged her father and one of her uncles for her physical exploitation. Cantonment CO JN Singh had summoned the girl and her parents to record their statement to complete his inquiry. The girl charged Shahi and said that he was exploiting her physically since the last couple of years. He had pressurized her to write the name of father and one Shrawan as her rapists.The girl alleged that Shahi used to carry brown sugar in his brief case and had threatened her to fabricate her parents in bootlegging case.Earlier the girl in her report which was registered in March last had charged her father and another person for physically exploiting her. However, the facts and evidence produced by her father indicated a different story. The girl is the victim of Shahi, who had exploited her. The father later claimed before the senior police officials that Shahi was blackmailing her. The DSP had enticed her daughter for physical exploitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12527374", "title": "Pregnancy while dieting ups risk of obesity in baby", "text": "LONDON: Here's an advice for married young women who plan to go on dieting? It may have a negative impact on your child if you fall pregnant , says a new study.Researchers at the University of Manchester have found that women who fall pregnant when they are dieting are more likely to have obese child who can also develop diabetes later in life, the 'Daily Mail' reported.In their study on sheep, the researchers found that giving ewes less food at the time of conception caused DNA changes in the brains of their young. The study investigated twin pregnancies in sheep as well the pregnancies of ewes that received less food around the time the lamb was conceived.The researchers then looked at tissues from the brains of the unborn lambs to see if there were changes in the structure of the DNA. Lead author Anne White said: \"We found that unborn twin lambs had changes in the structure of DNA in the region of the brain that regulates food intake and glucose that resulted in an increased chance of diabetes in adulthood . Our findings provide a reason why twins are more likely to get diabetes but we have also shown that mothers who don't have enough food around the time of conception may have a child who grows up with an increased risk of obesity .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12525644", "title": "29 errant shops fined, 3,200 recovered", "text": "BHOPAL: A Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) squad slapped penalty on 29 tea stalls and shops at various places in the old city for littering and recovered Rs 3,200 from the errant shop keepers as the spot fine campaign entered third day on Tuesday.A ten-member BMC team led by an assistant health officer fined 29 tea stalls and shops at Bhopal railway station and Itwara area of the old city for littering. The BMC squad collected more than Rs 3,200 during the drive.The squad reached the railway station at around 10.30 am and fined 24 stalls in and around the station premises. The BMC squad slapped a fine of Rs 200 on the tea stalls and eateries outside platform No. 5 of the main station for littering various articles and food waste on the roads.\"We are imposing penalty on the shopkeepers because even after constant warnings, they continue to make the city untidy,\" AHO Ashish Nageer said.The squad fined five eatery shop owners at Tilak Market in Itwara for washing utensils on the roadside and throwing waste water on the road.The BMC officials fined Paradise Traders, Jain Traders, Shahidmiya Constructions, Gurudev Bhojnalaya in Itwara.Interestingly, none of the shopkeepers opposed or argued with the squad and silently paid the penalty.\"We had made prior announcements on the spot fine drive and an awareness campaign was launched in this regard. Therefore, most of them were aware of it,\" the AHO said adding, \"We will visit these areas on Wednesday and if they are repeating the same error, we will impose a bigger penalty on them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "12526499", "title": "NLU Jodhpur students bring laurels", "text": "JODHPUR: National Law University, Jodhpur has clinched the winner title in the 16th Annual Stetson International Environmental Law Moot Court competition held at Florida in the US from March 29 to 31. This is the second such achievement on the global stage by any Indian law university in seven years. Before this, National Institute of Judicial Sciences, Kolkata, had bagged the title in 2005.Registrar of the NLU, Jodhpur Ratan Lahoti said that a team of three students---Aritra Roy, Jai Sahai and N. Lakshmi, all from the VIII semester of B. A. LL. B -----brought this laurel to the institute by exhibiting their remarkable oratory and debating skills and command over the international issues like nuclear accidents and sovereign debt outshining other international participants from the best law schools of the world like Law Society of Ireland , Pepperdine University School of Law, USA, China University of Political Science, National Law School of India University, Bangalore and William S. Richardson School of Law, University of Hawaii .Hastings College of Law, University of California , was adjudged number one runner up of the competition.Besides, the journal 'Trade, Law and Development' published by the NLU, has also been ranked first among all the journals in the world in the legal field for the year 2011. Previously, this journal has been ranked number one among all law journals in Asia and VIII best among student edited law journals globally on the basis of combined criteria, which include impact factor and the frequency at which the journal has been cited. These rankings are published by the Washington &amp; Lee Law School's database of Law journal rankings. TL&D; is a signatory to the Budapest Open Access Initiative and is indexed on the PKP-Open Archives Harvester2 archive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12526513", "title": "Encroachment Act to be amended", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government will amend the Orissa Prevention of Land Encroachment (OPLE) Act, 1972 soon. This attempt aims to further improve the existing act to check and evict encroachers from government land, informed revenue minister S N Patro in the assembly on Tuesday.He was replying to a debate in the House on the issue of illegal encroachment of government land. Patro said the draft to amend the OPLE Act is made on the lines of laws framed by Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh government which would suggest strong measures to deal with the unauthorized occupants. Besides, the government has constituted a special cell exclusively dealing with the encroachment cases and recovery of government land, he said.The minister said the government had already recovered over 91,000 acres of encroached land and steps are being taken to make more land encroachment-free. He said in some cases the government has asked the crime branch to take up the matter. Referring to cases pointed out in the CAG's report, the minister said the government would take appropriate action after the Public Accounts Committee (PAC) puts in its comments. The opposition Congress members participating in the debate, however, alleged illegal encroachment of government lands is rampant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "haibowal", "code": "12525796", "title": "From helping mom in kitchen at 8 to dreams of becoming a chef", "text": "HAIBOWAL: It was the urge to be by her mother's side when she was expecting her second child that inspired Ruhi Sachdeva to enter the kitchen at her home and this, when she was just an eight-year-old.Concerned about the difficulty her mother had been facing with daily chores then, Ruhi has never looked back since then. ''I saw my mother in pain and decided to cook for everyone at home,'' says the 13-year-old, who now prepares a wide variety of curry, dal and parantha with her own touch.Her mother Rajni helps her in her pursuits, encouraging her to take up cooking professionally. ''She is innately talented as she showed signs of becoming a great cook in such an early age. While I would be sleeping, she would quietly knead the dough and cut vegetables,'' says Rajni. She adds that she feels proud of Ruhi when guests, relatives and neighbours praise her remarkable ability to cook at this age.The young girl has an uncanny knack of experimenting with the leftover food. ''I try out mixing left over rice and vegetables to make pulao. I also learnt a great bit from the cooking classes at my school last year. I can now make idlis, dhoklas, rolls and various kinds of beverages,'' says the teenager.Learning the nuances of the profession from her favourite television shows like Master Chef and Kitchen Champion, she applies them at home. ''I am impressed and inspired by Shipra who won the Master Chef cooking competition last year. She came from a humble background, but her tremendous potential worked wonders for her. Someday, I would like to step in her shoes and see how it feels,'' she smiles.Ruhi knows the journey to be a celebrated chef is a long and meticulous one, but she is ready to work hard to climb up the ladder. ''I keep polishing my skills everyday. I want to keep practising and gain experience, so that I can establish myself as a chef,'' she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12526421", "title": "On way to school boy goes mssing, family stages dharna", "text": "JAIPUR: A 14-year-old student of a private school went missing mysteriously while he was on his way to school in the city on Monday morning. A day after the incident, on Tuesday, the boy's family staged a demonstration alleging police negligence in tracing the child and demanding quick action. The police are yet clueless.According to the police, the child, identified as Manish Sindhi, is a resident of Gandhi Grih Colony in Malviya Nagar and is a class VIII student at Maa Saraswati School situated 2 km from his house. The boy's father Ramesh Kumar , is a catering worker. The boy too worked at a garment shop after school.\"Manish was on his way to school on Monday morning when he disappeared. He did not reach his school. His bag was found from a park near Jhulelal temple in the area,\" said a police officer.The officer added that when he did not reach home on Monday afternoon, his family launched a frantic search. \"When they could not find him, they registered a missing complaint,\" said the officer.The officer said that the boy's background does not suggest he was kidnapped for ransom. \"We are looking into all the possibilities, but it seems the boy went on his own. Many of his relatives are being questioned to know his whereabouts,\" said the officer.The family alleged that the possibility of his kidnap is not being taken seriously by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "12526901", "title": "SGPC executive committee passes its annual budget", "text": "AMRITSAR: The SGPC executive committee on Tuesday passed the annual budget without the approval of the general house, the first meeting of which has not yet been held due to legal wrangling on the sehajdhari issue.The executive committee passed an annual budget of Rs 665 crore, which is Rs 8.54 crore more than the previous year's budget. Expenses till July 31 were approved.SGPC president Avtar Singh Makkar said that after the meeting that in the Sikhism, either a person was Sikh or an apostate (patit), which was clearly mentioned in the Sikh Gurdwara Act. He said that the Central government was creating confusion on the issue and that was why all wrong decisions were being taken.Makkar said that last general house of the SGPC had lapsed whereas the present general house had not taken full shape in the absence of notification by the government. He said the members were left with no way except to pass the budget and give approval to the expenses till July 31.The elections of SGPC were held on September 17, 2011, and on December 5, 2011, 15 members were co-opted in the SGPC house.In absence of notification by the Central government due to legal cases, the election of president, office-bearers and executive members couldn't be held.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12530333", "title": "CPM calls for building Left-democratic alternative", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Charging the Congress and BJP with harming the country's interests by pushing neo-liberal policies, the 20th CPM party Congress began here on Wednesday with a call to build an alternative of Left and democratic forces to address the problems being faced by the country and people.\"People are looking for an alternative. The Left and democratic parties alone could provide such an alternative,\" CPM general secretary Prakash Karat said inaugurating the party's all-India meet being attended by over 700 delegates.Stressing that opposing neo-liberal policies would be a \"central task\" of the party, Karat said both BJP and Congress were pursuing the same policies and there was nothing to choose between them as far as corruption was concerned.Both the Congress-led UPA and BJP-led NDA have \"failed\" to address vital issues like price rise and food security and their economic policies had cast a huge burden on common people in the last two decades, the CPI(M) veteran said.\"We, with other Left and secular democratic parties, will be launching joint struggle against these policies\", he said.He said the foreign policy of the Manmohan Singh Government of fostering strategic alliance with the US as its focus was \"inimical\" to the country's sovereign interests.Referring to the electoral reverses suffered by the party in West Bengal and Kerala, he said the party Congress would examine and identify the faults and correct them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12527378", "title": "Corporator slaps civic engineer", "text": "MUMBAI: A corporator was booked on Tuesday for slapping a civic engineer after an argument over the demolition of a public toilet. Congress corporator Sheetal Mhatre slapped a junior engineer of the building and factory department of the BMC (R-north ward) allegedly for razing a public toilet in Dahisar (E) that was constructed with her funds. The junior engineer later filed a criminal complaint against the corporator.The MHB Colony police said Mhatre hit the junior engineer with a plastic tray on his head. The incident took place at the ward office in Dahisar (W). Mhatre has been slapped with Section 353 of the IPC for \"assaulting a government servant\" . No arrest has been made so far. Mhatre said, \"Residents of the area were shocked to see that the toilet which they used every day was being demolished . I asked the official to stop the demolition as he did not have the order. No such orders were issued to demolish the toilet. I went to the ward office to question about this act. But he behaved rudely with me,\" said Mhatre.Aseem Gupta, additional municipal commissioner , said under no circumstances should officers should be manhandled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12526293", "title": "H1N1 claims 2 lives", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two women succumbed to swine flu over the last two days in the city. District health officials said that a 50-year-old woman from Jeedimetla who was treated and discharged from Gandhi Hospital for fever on April 2 complained of breathlessness on Tuesday morning and died while being shifted to a nearby hospital.The other woman, aged around 40 years and a resident of Hyderguda died while undergoing treatment at Gandhi Hospital on April 2. While she was kept on ventilator support, she died of respiratory failure and breathed her last in the evening, hospital officials informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12527217", "title": "Actor fights for pigeons trapped in building net", "text": "MUMBAI: TV and film actor Rahul Bhat, of the serial Heena fame, has declared an all-out war against his Versova housing society in order to protect the \"birds of peace\" , pigeons.Bhat (35), who lives on the 19th floor of Badrinath Tower at Seven Bungalows, was recently shocked to see several pigeons trapped inside ventilator ducts that had been covered by a nylon net from outside to stop the birds from coming in.\"The pigeons had somehow managed to enter inside through the netting, but were unable to fly out. This caused many of the trapped birds to die of starvation and stress. I filed a non-cognizable police complaint and also called animal activists and the fire brigade on Sunday to free the remaining pigeons,\" said Bhat.He added that earlier, too, he had complained to his housing society about the exterior netting that was causing a lot of problems for the birds. But the society reportedly blamed him for creating nuisance.Animal welfare officer, Amit Pathak, who had rushed to Badrinath Tower on Sunday after being contacted by Bhat, stated: \"We realized that a lot of pigeons, dead and alive, were trapped inside the ventilator ducts on the higher floors of the 20-storey building. So, the fire brigade was also called there to rescue the birds.\"Fire brigade officer, S D Bhor of the Andheri fire station , said: \"On reaching the spot, I saw all the ventilator ducts on every floor were covered with a net. Since some of the birds were trapped within, we had to go to the terrace to cut open some of the netting. I have also advised the housing society to instead instal foldable nets so that any trapped bird can be released in future.\"Secretary of the housing society, Sunil Batra, countered: \"Earlier, we had a pigeon menace in our building, and this was causing respiratory problems for many residents. So we had asked the Pest Control of India (PCI) to instal a nets. The PCI had all the valid documents and permission to do so. However, Rahul Bhat had purposely damaged the net by cutting it on his floor.\"Batra added that due to this damage, the birds were again able to enter the building . \"We also called the animal welfare officer's bluff because he had not even gone to the top floor but yet he claimed that there were birds trapped there. How would he know without witnessing it?\" Batra alleged.Activist Ganesh Nayak of the NGO Animals Matter To Me said: \"It is sad to know that citizens are trying to shoo away the birds. This can cause decline in the bird species like sparrows that mostly rely on building nooks and crevices to survive.\"\"We recently held a free vaccination drive for stray cats , during which we spread the message that animals and birds also have as much right to live as we humans do.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12526718", "title": "Health camp at Sarania Ashram", "text": "GUWAHATI: Sri Kathia Baba Charitable Trust (KBCT), Guwahati, organized a health camp and donation programme for community development at Sarania Ashram, Kasturba Gandhi National Memorial Trust, here on March 30.Women residing in the ashram and children of the neighborhood were offered free medical treatment and medicines. Health supplements were also distributed. A water filter and a sewing machine were donated to the ashram for the benefit of its inmates.Coordinator of the trust, Nandarani Choudhury, said the programme was opened by local MLA and chairman of Guwahati Metropolitan Development Authority Robin Bordoloi. The programme was attended by Renuka Devi Barkataki, former Union minister of state for education, social welfare and culture and the secretary of Assam State Branch of the Indian Red Cross Society.Functioning since 1997 as a registered body, the KBCT is committed to social welfare and currently operates from three principal nodal centers in Delhi, Kolkata and Guwahati. \"On earlier occasions, too, the KBCT, Guwahati has provided food, clothing, utensils and other relief materials to 350 families rendered homeless by the recent ethnic conflicts between the Garos and Rabhas residing along the Assam-Meghalaya border.The trust members also frequently visited the relief camps at Goalpara to provide aid to the refugees. The trust has played a major role in crating infrastructure at Krishna Nagar Vidyapeeth, Japorigog, here by developing essential facilities like toilet, drinking water and computer laboratory.As a part of its future plans, the trust proposes to set up a charitable health centre at Temple Road, Pandu, to provide free medical aid and ambulance facilities to those coming from poor families, the coordinator stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12531323", "title": "Sushanth is ready for the IPL", "text": "IPL fever seems to have hit T-Town yet again.Most of our top stars showed their love for Team India during last year's cricket World Cup by watching every Team India game across the country. And now, it's time for our stars to don the colors of the fave team in the IPL.And actor Sushanth is one one of them. \"Didn't enjoy the 2011 IPL as I wanted the World Cup hangover to last longer,\" posted the actor on his micro blogging site. The actor went on to say that he's looking forward to watching the T20 league matches to wash away the bad memories of India's disastrous overseas stint. \"2012 IPL should be a relief after a disastrous overseas stint,\" said Sushanth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12529382", "title": "Shooting on 3D camera is fun: Ramya", "text": "The Katari Veera Sura Sundarangi (KVSS) team, comprising lead stars Upendra and Ramya, is currently shooting for a song in Manali.Actress Ramya tells us that the experience of shooting for a 3D film has been quite something. \"We are shooting for 2D and 3D simultaneously. So sometimes, we are done with a shot in one go, but most of the time we have to enact it twice, as the lighting for the two is different,\" she says.But the best part about the shoot is the fact that the team can watch what has been shot right there on location, with 3D glasses on. \"We have a 3D camera monitor, so we all need to wear glasses and watch what has just been shot. The entire film is on 3D, so it is a film that everybody is looking forward to,\" says Ramya.The film, shot on an approximate budget of around Rs 15 crore, is being produced by Munirathna. The technical aspect (3D) is being worked on by technicians KP Nambiathiri and Mohan - who happen to be the same guys who worked on the last hit 3D film Chota Chethan. \"We are all thrilled with the kind of work they have done,\" says the actress, who will conclude her current schedule this Friday. In fact, the dubbing/remake rights of KVSS have apparently been handed over to the two technicians too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12526389", "title": "SSLC exams begin today, mixed views on relevance", "text": "MADURAI: Forty-four thousand students from 408 schools will appear for their SSLC examination in 212 centres here on Wednesday. However, a few parents opined that the SSLC is less stressful compared to the plus two exam which in recent times has become the deciding factor of a student's future.K Sugumari, a mother of two sons, one who had just appeared for the plus two exams and the other who will sit for his SSLC examination on Wednesday, says she is less stressed for her younger son's exam because it is not the final decider. \"I am glad the cricket season is starting now and not during the plus two exam,\" she said.K Lingeswaran, says he is studying very hard and aiming at a score of 380/500 in the SSLC exam. \"My only problem is the power cuts at 5 am because I am an early bird and study in the morning. But now my family has invested in an emergency lantern,\" he said.But school correspondents and principals say they are not taking any chances for the SSLC. \"We give the same coaching as that given to plus two students because it is equally important. There is nothing such as SSLC examination losing its importance,\" they said.L Sathish, a parent, says schools still refuse to keep average students in their classes when it comes to the 10{+t}{+h} standard. \"I have friends whose children are studying in institutions, which have asked them to remove their wards from school because of their low marks in the term tests. This is unfair and unjust because it is the duty of the school to ensure average students meet the requirements by giving them coaching,\" he said.However, teachers in corporation and government schools are laying stress on the SSLC examination, according T Thiagarajan, a teacher. He says there are many students from very poor family backgrounds coming to these schools and for them, SSLC is the deciding factor. \"Even to become a driver or conductor in a government bus, you need to sit for SSLC. So we put in maximum effort for these students,\" he said.\"What is important in the SSLC examination is for a student to perform to the best of his ability to ensure he is able to choose the group of his choice in the 11th standard,\" said Umayal, a teacher.R Kumarasamy, a retired maths teacher, says SSLC will always continue to be the important examination in a student's life. \"It is what prepares him for the plus two examinations and I am against the opinion that SSLC exam can be cancelled in future,\" he said. The pass percentage of the plus two examination will be very minimal if students were not exposed to the SSLC, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12525781", "title": "Ayodhya Nagar-Nariyal Kheda bus service begins", "text": "BHOPAL: After a long wait of several months, the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) launched a new low-floor bus serves between Ayodhya Nagar and Nariyal Kheda, the two extreme points of the city, from Tuesday. As many as 11 buses will ply in this route.The BMC has ordered for 11 new buses for this route, of which five have already arrived.Urban administration and development minister Babulal Gaur along with Mayor Krishna Gaur inaugurated the bus service in this route, TR-3. The BMC commenced this route under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM).The new bus service will connect Nariyal Kheda, Teela Jamalpura, Geetanjali College, Jawaharlal Nehru Hospital, Bhopal talkies, bus stand, Alpana talkies tri-junction, Bharat talkies, Pul Bogda, Prabhat petrol pump, Govindpura, JK Road tri-junction, Pilplani petrol pump, Rajiv Nagar, bypass, Minal Residency and Ayodhya Nagar.At present, the BMC, under the scheme, has 115 buses including the five newly added low-floor buses and four ladies special buses plying in seven routes, connecting various parts of Bhopal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12526423", "title": "Sudarshan to exhibit sand art on canvas", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: From sand bed to canvas -- globally acclaimed sand artist Sudarsan Pattnaik's creations will now be available as photo canvas prints. Art lovers can have a brush with Pattnaik's creations at his maiden sand art photo exhibition here on April 14.Over a hundred photo prints of Pattnaik's sculptures will be on show at the four-day exhibition, to be held at Rashtriya Lalit Kala Akademi gallery in the city.\"The idea dawned on me recently. I have already collected a number of photos of my sculptures. Those photos would be printed on large size canvas,\" Pattnaik said. \"Major sculptures that I created in India and abroad would be displayed,\" said Pattnaik, who has represented India in over 50 international sand art events abroad.The photos will represent Pattnaik's works on various themes, from sports and cinema to environment and social awareness campaigns. To make the photos look more attractive, Pattnaik will give a \"sandy\" effect to some of his creations on the canvas. \"In some photos, I will put small amounts of sand to make it look natural,\" he said.Pattnaik said some of his own canvas paintings will also be included in the exhibition. \"I have tried my hand on canvas painting in the past. Those arts will be available at the exhibition,\" said the Puri-based sculptor, who bagged the world sand art championship award in Berlin in 2008.Pattnaik is also planning to publish a coffee table book featuring his photographs and illustrations, accompanied by captions and some text. \"The book is likely to be launched during the forthcoming exhibition,\" he said.The young sand sculptor is in touch with reputed galleries in Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata and Chennai to exhibit his sand arts on canvas in the future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12527129", "title": "Volvo departure timings hit online ticket system", "text": "GURGAON: Multiple departure schedules for the new Volvo buses from Chandigarh to Delhi/Gurgaon route led to the shutdown of online booking services for a day on Tuesday. The service will resume from Wednesday.The online service was available till Tuesday afternoon. One look at the service revealed that advance bookings were also done by passengers. Passengers can book up to 75% of seats online and that too four tickets at a time with seat choice. Tickets can be booked 10 days in advance.The service was suspended later in the day on the pretext of technical upgradation. When contacted, Ramphal, a programmer with Haryana Roadways, said, \"There is some confusion due to the new timings. There were problems in the morning departure times from Chandigarh due to which the service was suspended. The problem will be sorted out soon and the online facility will once again be made functional on Wednesday.\"However, the options of reprint and cancellation of e-tickets are working during this period. The official added that passengers can book 32 seats online and there were few booking for next days as well.Nine new buses were added on the Chandigarh-Delhi-Gurgaon route on Monday increasing the number of Volvo buses to 18. Due to this new timings were added in the service. While officials maintained that the addition has a positive impact, and providing more timing options to commute between Chandigarh and Delhi.Dalbir Singh, general manager (Chandigarh), Haryana Roadways, said, \"The real picture will be out only by next week after passengers become fully aware of the service. Meanwhile, tickets are being booked in good numbers at the bus stand.\" Sources said there were only seven passengers in Volvo bus that left Gurgaon in the morning. Genrally these passengers board the train from Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi/hyderabad", "code": "12526056", "title": "Cong leaders\u2019 different strokes in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI/HYDERABAD: State Congress leaders took their political infighting to New Delhi and are camping there to seek an audience with party president Sonia Gandhi in order to push their respective agendas. While some such as former PCC chief and MLC D Srinivas and former minister P Shankar Rao are pitching for replacing chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy, agriculture minister Kanna Lakshminarayana insists on status quo as the best option for the Congress in the current situation.D Srinivas, considered one of the chief ministerial aspirants, met Congress chief Sonia Gandhi at 10 Janpath on Tuesday morning. According to sources, the former PCC chief narrated to her the state of affairs due to the ongoing CBI and ACB investigations, and the poor show of the party in the recent byelections.Srinivas was summoned to New Delhi by the party president herself, the sources added. Former textiles minister Shankar Rao told the media on Tuesday that his mission was to ensure the replacement of both the CM and the PCC chief.Kanna Lakshminarayana told TOI that he had come to Delhi on some official purpose. He added, \"I have also sought an appointment with Soniaji.\" Kanna seeks to convince the central leadership that a change of guard in the state at this juncture would do more harm than good.Meanwhile, PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana, deputy CM C Damodar Raja Narasimha and health minister D L Ravindra Reddy discussed party issues at Botsa's residence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12526645", "title": "Tamil Nadu Agriculture University student dies in freak accident", "text": "COIMBATORE: A freak mishap at one of the research labs at Tamil Nadu Agriculture University claimed the life of a 27- year- old female student after her duppata got entangled in a machine at the lab, strangling her to death late Tuesday evening. The victim was working alone at the laboratory and the gruesome mishap came to the notice of another student who happened to enter the lab soon after it occurred.According to RS Puram police, C Sree Jana, hailing from Kathmandu in Nepal was pursuing MSc Soil Science course at the university. She was reportedly working on her research project late Tuesday evening when the accident happened.\"As soon as her dupatta became entangled in the conveyor belt of the grinder she was strangled to death. When the police team arrived, they saw marks on her neck,\" said P Maheshwaran, Inspector, RS Puram police station.Police said there is no indication of foul play in the incident. Sree Jana often worked alone in the lab and the grinding machine was used to grind plants for conducting experiments. It comprises of a revolving grinder stone and conveyor belt. Police believe that the victim was unaware that her duppata was caught in the conveyor belt until it was too late. They have registered a case and are probing the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi/bhatinda", "code": "12526026", "title": "Tihar convict flees on way back from court hearing", "text": "NEW DELHI/BHATINDA: A convict, allegedly involved in 17 cases across five states, managed to give police the slip while he was returning from a court hearing in Punjab. The convict, Baljinder Singh, lodged in Tihar Jail, was returning from Bhatinda in the custody of Delhi Police third battalion officials when he escaped. The stringent Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act ( MCOCA) had been slapped on him and he was a dreaded criminal, police said. He was also linked to the Babbar Khalsa terrorist outfit, but senior officials denied the charge.Singh had been taken from Tihar Jail to the Bhatinda court on March 28 for a hearing. He fled while he was being brought back in a train. \"He had been produced before the court, and as he was being taken back in the intervening night of March 29-30, he jumped off the train as it was nearing the Hisar railway station. A departmental inquiry has been initiated and all the five officers who were accompanying Singh have been suspended,\" said a senior police officer of the 3rd Battalion.Singh was accompanied by a sub-inspector, head constable and three constables of the 3rd battalion when he escaped. A case has been registered at the Hisar railway police station.Singh had allegedly been involved in 17 cases of murder, robbery, attempt to murder, Arms Act, dacoity and other heinous crimes in Delhi, Punjab, Rajasthan, Uttarakhand and Uttar Pradesh. He had been charged with murder in Punjab in 2003. He had first been lodged in Tihar in March 2009 as an undertrial. Later on, he was convicted in an attempt to murder case in Uttarakhand and sentenced to prison for seven years by a Haridwar court.\"Singh had been handed over to Delhi Police to be produced before a Punjab court. As he was not in the custody of jail officials while he escaped, no jail official has been held accountable for the incident,\" told a senior jail official to TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "yanam", "code": "12526341", "title": "CBI probe into Yanam violence", "text": "YANAM: The Puducherry government has decided to hand over the investigation into the Yanam violence to the Central Bureau of Investigation .Chief minister of Puducherry N Rangasamy accepted the demand of the opposition Congress members and Yanam MLA Malladi Krishna Rao and ordered CBI probe into the large-scale destruction in February, which led to a loss of property worth Rs 300 crore.An unprecedented violence took place in Regency Ceramics when thousands of workers went on a rampage and allegedly killed company vice-president Chandrasekhar Reddy after the death of a trade union leader in police custody. The workers torched the properties and main plant of Regency and private properties as well. The mayhem continued for several hours.Presently, the case is being investigated by the CB-CID under the supervision of Puducherry collector. Forty attackers were arrested and 36 of them let off on bail recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12527259", "title": "Sena MLA held for flattening BRTS median", "text": "PUNE: The Hadapsar police, on Tuesday, arrested Shiv Sena MLA Mahadev Babar from Hadapsar constituency and two corporators for using an earthmover to demolish a median on the Bus Rapid Transit route on the Pune-Solapur road on March 27.All three were released by the Pune Cantonment court on a personal bond of Rs 15,000 each.Senior police inspector Pandharinath Mandhare of Hadapsar police station said, \"Babar surrendered to the police, while (corporators) Vijay Deshmukh and Pramod Bhangire were arrested from their residences at 9.30 am on Tuesday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12525945", "title": "It will be hot and humid today: Meteorological department", "text": "LUDHIANA: The cloudy sky and drizzle early on Tuesday brought some relief from the rising temperatures. Though 1 degrees celsius dip was noticed, the minimum temperature increased by three degrees. Warmth and humidity returned after noon.It was only around evening hours when people could walk out in the open and grab ice creams and cold drinks for themselves.Officials at the meteorological department explained that western disturbances caused the clouds but things got back to normal as it drizzled. The maximum temperature on Tuesday was 35.9 degrees celsius and the minimum was 22.7 degrees celsius. The weathermen said on Wednesday, sky would be mostly clear and the maximum temperature would increase. And, humidity shall prevail for some days.However, people didn't feel too good as it got sunny once more. ''The dark clouds in the morning were so much fun and I was expecting a great day. Soon, the sky cleared and we had to cope up with the sun's merciless heat,'' said Gurmeet Singh, a resident of Civil Lines.Student Megha Arora found taking her exams in the afternoon too difficult. ''It was so warm and humid. I wanted to forget about my exam. I wonder what would be the weather in peak summer.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12526011", "title": "Kalyan bid to strike gold with Aishwarya Rai &amp; Amitabh Bachchan", "text": "KOCHI: It could well be Aishwarya Rai's first post-natal foray under the klieg lights. Amitabh Bachchan and Aishwarya are likely to become brand ambassadors for Kalyan Jewellers, the gold major from Kerala, and will be part of the soon-to-be shot ad for a contract amount in the vicinity of Rs 10 crore.On Wednesday, a memorandum of understanding (MoU) between Kalyan group and representatives of Bollywood's first family will be formalised at a meeting in Mumbai. \"We hope to ink the agreement soon. This will be a huge campaign reflecting the credibility and versatility of the Kalyan group,\" a senior executive with Kalyan Jewellers, who is involved with the contract negotiations, told TOI on condition that his name is not disclosed. \"We always underline the value of trust in relations. The Big B-Ash combination will provide a big boost to our image.\"Confirming this, Kalyanaraman of the Kalyan group told TOI that they hope to sign the formal agreement within 10 days. Kalyan is planning to open four retail outlets in Gujarat as part of its nationwide expansion plans. The MoU is believed to be the penultimate step before a formal agreement is inked. The filming of the ad will begin as soon as Ash is \"back in action\".\"Aishwarya is enjoying her motherhood. Her office told us that she will be ready for the photo-shoot only after she sheds some weight and is back to her glamorous best,\" the executive revealed.\"Apart from his iconic status, we want Amitabhji to introduce us in Gujarat as he is also the brand ambassador of that state. We are sure that it will offer us an immediate connect with the state and its people,\" another source, privy to the contract, said.Sources close to Kalyan were understandably guarded about the financial details and other clauses. \"We are having a crucial meeting on Wednesday. All details will be fine-tuned by Thursday evening,\" the source said.Kalyan will be the second southern group after Emmanuval Silks to contract Bollywood superstars to enhance its brand value. Emmanuval had flown in Shah Rukh Khan for the inaugural of their 500,000-sq-ft emporium in Kochi on December 4, 2011.\"We have big plans for entering north Indian markets. Gujarat is only the first step. The Bachchans will be spearheading the campaign in subsequent phases too,\" the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12527061", "title": "IAS aspirant dies in freak accident", "text": "CHENNAI: A 26-year-old woman, who was preparing for the civil services exam under a kerosene lamp during power cut in the city, died of burns after she dozed off and the lamp fell on the mat she was sleeping on.Deepa, daughter of a sub-inspector, suffered 80% burns in the incident at her house in Virugambakkam on Saturday night and died in a hospital on Monday. Her husband, who tried to save her, suffered burns, and is recovering in hospital.Deepa, who had cleared the civil service preliminary exam twice, was studying after returning from work in a consumer durables showroom in Porur.The lamp fell on the mat, spilling kerosene, and the fire spread, police said. She woke up only after the fire had completely engulfed the mat and the flames began licking her body. Hearing her cries, her husband Parthiban, who was sleeping in an adjoining room, tried to rescue her and suffered burn injuries on his hands. The couple had got married eight months ago, police said.Parthiban and some neighbours rushed Deepa to the Kilpauk Medical College Hospital, where she died on Monday. \"As she had sustained severe burns, we requested a judicial magistrate to take her declaration,\" Vadapalani assistant commissioner of police R Srinivasan said.Deepa, who hailed from Neyveli, had met Parthiban at the showroom, where he was an executive. They fell in love and got married at a temple without informing their families. They also moved into a small house in Virugambakkam.Deepa and Parthiban were keen on entering the civil services and were preparing hard for the preliminary exam, police said after talking to their neighbours.Deepa's body was handed over to her family on Tuesday. Vinayagam, a relative, said: \"We were not aware of her marriage and were shocked when the police told us. She dreamt of becoming an IAS officer .\"Deepa's father Pannerselvam is a special sub-inspector at the Neyveli police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12526082", "title": "Dhobi Ghat: The dirty picture", "text": "HYDERABAD: The toxic Musi river water has been under scanner for many years now, but it is this which provides livelihood to thousands of families working at the Dhobi Ghat situated along the river. Scores of families have been working here for generations, bringing to life dull and dirty clothes. Though the sheets drying on the ghats may still look bright and fresh, a closer look reveals its grimier side.A borewell surrounded by dirt and a line of cemented enclosures reeking of the stench of bleach welcome one at these ghats, each of which accommodates 60 to 80 washermen. The water from the borewell is dark green in colour, and as thickly polluted as the river water. But without even giving it a glance, the washermen collect it and go about their chores. \"If I don't tell my customers where I wash the clothes, they do not seem to have any problem,\" laughs J Mallesh. Hailing from Siddipet, he stays with his family in the slum nearby. The day's work starts at 5 am for him and his wife. \"We used to start work later, but now we need to fetch water manually from the borewell to our cement tubs. The electric bill for the borewell has gone way too high and not everyone is ready to pay. So we no longer use the pump,\" he says.While Mallesh's family, like many others who share the workplace, mainly cater to smaller customers, K Venkatesh, who works on the other side of the Musi behind the RTC bus stand, caters to hotels and hospitals alone. A number of private clinics and small hospitals send their clothes to be washed here. His clothesline is lined with white and green sheets, most of which come from private clinics across the city. But he gets orders through subcontracting from laundries in the city so he is not sure to which hospital they belong. Only a kidney specialty clinic at Himayatnagar has given him a direct contract. His work starts with separating the bloodstained clothes from the others and then he washes them separately. \"After a thorough wash with half a kg of bleach and caustic soda, the stains are all gone,\" he boasts not realizing that the exercise could end up adding more deadly germs to the sheets.An activist from the area, on the condition of anonymity, added that with the system of subcontracting and involvement of local politicians it is difficult to trace the hospitals from which the clothes are sent. \"But it is not just here. Old Patigadda dhobi ghat on the Hussainsagar even caters to government hospitals,\" he alleges.The dhobi ghat at the Hussainsagar is much less organized than that at the Musi. The dark water is used for washing clothes which include white bedsheets and dark green sheets, clearly from hospitals or clinics. N Raju, who has been washing clothes in the area for more than five years, informs that his clientele includes hospitals, hotels and tent houses. However, he did not know which clinics or hospitals he caters to. While he mentions some names of hotels from Park Lane, he says that the hospital clothes reach him through a middleman. \"There is a seth who supplies clothes to us in bulk thrice a week. He sends the clothes in a tempo or an auto. We get paid Rs 3-4 per piece which is lower than our usual rate.\" However, he or any of his fellow washermen refused to divulge the names or details of their seth.Says Md Ashfaq of People's Initiative Network, area lead of Moosanagar, \"It is no point blaming the washermen because they are illiterate and do not realize the importance of these things. The government should be more careful in ensuring the proper upkeep and maintenance of the dhobi ghats. The cement tub system was introduced for this reason alone. But with half the borewells not in working condition, the purpose is lost.\" He also says that it is the hospitals which should be held responsible for sending clothes here in the first place.And for the record, the Musi water being used to sanitise hospital laundry contains untreated industrial wastes and sewage apart from suspended solids, plastics, metals, alkalines, acids, along with chemical effluents like, chromium hexane from tanneries, cyanide and cadmium from goldsmiths, silver bromide from photo studios, oil and grease from automobiles, lead from batteries, organic waste, etc!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12525394", "title": "Assurances break deadlock, medical teachers end stir", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After 13 days of striking work, medical teachers in government medical and dental colleges struck truce with the state government and decided to resume work from midnight.The strike was called off after a marathon four-hour meeting between the officials of health and finance departments and representatives of the medical teachers held in Gandhinagar on Tuesday.The state government assured the professors that they will get salary as per the UGC's pay scale at par with their counterparts teaching in arts, commerce and science colleges.The ceiling of Rs 75,000 per month for medical professors has also been done away with. Also, 2,100 medical teachers who were on a contractual basis will be regularized.Rajesh Kishore, principal secretary, health, said, \"We have assured the medical teachers that most of their demands will be met. Their issues were discussed at length. The professors have also assured us that they will resume work immediately.\"On Tuesday too, the teachers organized poster competition on BJ Medical College campus.It has also been a climb down for the striking medical teachers as they agreed to call off the strike only after assurance. In their earlier meetings with Kishore, the professors had stuck to their guns saying that they will withdraw their stir only if a government resolution (GR) is issued accepting their demands.Gujarat University's medical faculty dean Dr Kalpesh Shah said that the ceiling on pay-scale of senior professors has been increased from Rs 75,000 to Rs 85,000.\"The meeting also decided to frame rules for professors in colleges run by Gujarat Medical Education Research Society,\" Shah said.End of the strike has come as a major relief for patients, who were at the receiving end, due to the strike. Gujarat University's pro vice-chancellor Mukul Shah played an important role as a facilitator between the government and striking professors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12530917", "title": "A spicy southern sojourn at Lake View Caf\u00e9", "text": "Get a taste of South this summer at Renaissance Mumbai Convention Centre Hotel's Lake View Cafe. World renowned spices from the best of four southern states, namely Andhra Pradesh , Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Kerala come together to offer you a magnificent spread of the South Indian cuisine.Each state is known for its unique flavour and spices - Kerala for its traditional Sadhya, Tamil Nadu for its special Chettinad cuisine and Karnataka for its all time favourite Udupi platter. Here, you get to discover the intricacies of their aromatic dishes. Savour the splendid amalgamation of spices like curry leaves, mustard, asafoetida, pepper, tamarind, fenugreek seeds cooked with coconut across a mouth-watering menu that brings the authentic taste of South to Mumbai.Take your pick from feisty curries such as Vada Curry, Kodamulhai Kolumbhu Curry and Curry Tanir Kolumbhu. Choose from the delicacies like Urulai Roast (Spicy Baby Potato), Onion, Tomato, Valakai Chops which consists of Fried Raw Banana, Coconut, Poppy Seeds and Green chillies, Koli Terakkal, Malabar Fish Curry, Artikaia Iguru and Illu Sagam. Gratify your sweet-tooth by finishing your meal with desserts like Semiyan Payasam and Parapu Pradamam.In addition to the buffet, an array of live stations is on offer that showcases the best of cuisine from each state - Kerala Appam station, Dosa Counter and Kuthu Paratha counter along with a range of chutneys like Curry leaves chutney, Tamarind chutney, Coconut chutney and Tomato chutney.There's a separate counter exclusively for pickles known as The Pachadi Counter that hosts a variety of pickles like Mango Pickle, Gongura Pickle Pudina Pickle, Kothmir Pickle and Ginger Pickle. That's not all! An assortment of flavoured rice preparations such as Tamarind Rice, Coconut Rice, Lemon Rice and Coriander Rice is also there to satisfy your culinary desires.When: On till 8 April, 2012Where: Lake View Cafe, Renaissance Mumbai Convention Centre HotelTime: Between 7.30 pm to 12 amTariff: Buffet INR 1500 + tax (Non-alcoholic) and INR 1900++tax (Alcoholic)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12527594", "title": "HC strikes down Maya number plate contract", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Allahabad High Court turned the spotlight on another scam in the Mayawati regime when it struck down the previous government's decision to allow a favoured company to supply high security registration plates at an absurdly high rate in the state. The Lucknow bench of the high court also ordered a CBI probe to find out under what circumstances the contract was awarded to Shimnit Utsch India Pvt Ltd, a Mumbai-based company of dubious reputation.In its last days in power, the Mayawati government invited tenders for high security registration plates in the state and on February 14 this year awarded the contract to the Mumbai firm. But Shimnit Utsch India had been denied contracts in Karnataka and Goa. In Rajasthan, it did bag the order, but it was subsequently cancelled. Nitin Shah, who had floated this company, had been jailed under COFEPOSA. After his two earlier companies had been disqualified, he floated the present one which bagged the UP contract.In fact, principal secretary, law, KK Sharma - who is called legal remembrancer in legal circles -- had at first objected to the allotment of the contract to Shimnit Utsch India, saying the company had concealed criminal antecedents and other material information. But strangely, he later changed his stand and said that non-disclosure of information was trivial in nature and the contract was awarded to the firm which was charging 320% more than what a high security number plate normally costs in other states.As a result, a division bench of Justice D P Singh and Justice S C Chaurasia took the office of the legal remembrancer to task and requested the chief justice to take appropriate action. The court fined Shimnit Utsch India and the state government Rs 25 lakh each. Significantly , the court directed the state government to hold an enquiry, fixing responsibility of the officials who actively participated in finalizing the contract in favour of the company and recover the amount from them.Dubious FirmMaya govt had invited tenders for high security registration plates and awarded the contract to a dubious Mumbai firm The firm , Shimnit Utsch India, had been denied contracts in Karnataka &amp; Goa. In Rajasthan, it did bag the order, but it was subsequently cancelled Nitin Shah, who had floated this company, had been jailed under COFEPOSA Principal secretary, law, had initially objected to the allotment of the contract to Shimnit Utsch India The court fined Shimnit Utsch India and the state government Rs 25 lakh each.The money has to be deposited with the court within two months.The order came on a writ petition filed by Celex Technologies Pvt Ltd and others through lawyer Gaurav Bhatia, challenging the contract awarded to Shimnit Utsch India.Delivering the judgment , Justice Singh said, \"The state government may forfeit the security deposit of M/s Shimnit Utsch India Pvt Ltd in terms of tender documents.\" The court also directed the state government to readvertise the bid and complete the entire process of fresh allotment by April 30.\"The CBI shall complete the investigation within six months and will apprise the court of the progress of its investigation after every two months,\" the court said. The petitioner claimed that the rate quoted by Shimnit Utsch India was excessive and the entire process adopted by the state government was tailormade to suit this company.\"The rate of high security registration plates in the state as quoted by M/s Shimnit Utsch India Pvt Ltd and accepted by the state government is exorbitantly higher than that of Bihar and Tamil Nadu, in spite of the fact (that) the number of vehicles in UP is not less than those state,\" the bench observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12529460", "title": "Audio launch of Grandmaster at Mohanlal\u2019s hotel", "text": "Mollywood star Mohanlal's next big film Grandmaster is ready to hit the screen by mid-April, in time for Vishu. The music launch of the film is scheduled to take place on April 4 at the star's own hotel Travancore Court, in Kochi.\"Most of the star's events and meetings take place at his hotel. He spends as much time as he can there as the restaurant business hasbeen something he has been passionate about for a long time,\" says a source.The star also had a restaurant in Bangalore which shut down over time. \"I could not concentrate on that because it was difficult to find time to visit the restaurant as often as required. But apart from Travancore Court in Kochi, I own a restaurant in Dubai too,\" says Mohanlal.Grandmaster, directed by B Unnikrishnan, also stars Priyamani and Roma. Mohanlal plays a cop in this thriller.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12529631", "title": "Priyanka &amp; Shahid still sizzle together", "text": "While most B-Town stars prefer not to work together after ending their romantic liaisons, there are some who prefer to continue a more professional relationship.These include the likes of Salman Khan and Katrina Kaif (Ek Tha Tiger), Ranbir Kapoor and Deepika Padukone (Yeh Jawani Hai Diwani), Priyanka Chopra and Shahid Kapoor (Teri Meri Kahaani - Thrice Upon A Love Story) and even Ranveer Singh and Anushka Sharma (Ladies Vs Ricky Bahl).Former couples like Kareena Kapoor-Shahid Kapoor, John Abraham-Bipasha Basu and Salman Khan-Aishwarya Rai - who had sizzling on-screen chemistry - have never worked together after their much-publicised breakups. But there are others who realise the value of staying professional, resulting in some amazing on-screen chemistry.Salman and Katrina are a great example of lovers-turned-good friends. A source tells us, \"During the shooting schedule of Ek Tha Tiger in Dublin and Cuba , both shared a great rapport and were often seeing eating together or partying with the unit.\" In fact, such was their off-screen camaraderie that it has even lead to speculation that the couple was back together. Katrina had told BT after the Dublin shoot, \"Salman and I are very friendly. In fact, he expects me to always agree with whatever he says,\" she had added jokingly.Ranveer and Anushka too remain good friends post their break-up. Says a source, \"Both moved on - while Ranveer became close to Sonakshi, Anushka got busy with her career - but that didn't stop them from staying friends. Both have always spoken of each other with fondness and even did Ladies Vs Ricky Bahl post their split.\"Ranbir and Deepika too continue to remain close. While they were spotted bonding like old friends at Rohit Dhawan's wedding in Goa not too long ago, they are now shooting together for Ayaan Mukherjee's film Yeh Jawani Hai Diwani in Manali, where they've been seen hanging out together on the sets.Shahid-Priyanka too shot for a coffee ad together recently, and the chemistry there was electric - both on and off the sets! Producerdirector Kunal Kohli , who is directing the duo in Teri Meri Kahaani - Thrice Upon A Love Story, says he found their chemistry electrifying! \"They simply sizzle on screen. There were many stories about how Shahid and Priyanka didn't talk to each other on the sets because of personal issues as they had just broken up, but this kind of chemistry wouldn't show on screen if they were not talking to each other. There's even a scene where we have PC and Shahid trading shayari with each other. You have to see it to believe the chemistry!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12531583", "title": "Engineering student who fell while talking on mobile dead", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: A first year student of National Institute of Technology ( NIT) here, who suffered injury after he fell from the third floor of the hostel three days ago, died in a hospital on Wednesday, police said.Uttam Kumar, a student of mechanical engineering, who fell from the third floor while chatting over mobile phone on Sunday and was admitted to hospital, succumbed to his injuries on Wednesday morning.Kumar hailed from Dhanbad in Jharkhand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12526935", "title": "Short-staffed family courts to get qualified counsellors", "text": "CHENNAI: Couples approaching the family courts can now look forward to professional help with their marital disputes as a panel of 22 qualified counsellors will be appointed, once the members are selected and approved by the Madras high court.At present, four family courts refer about 40 cases a day to the eight counsellors. None of the counsellors have a background in psychology, an advocate said.\"My client had filed a petition under the Domestic Violence Act recently. She was referred for counselling but inside the room, the counsellor said, 'How dare you file a case of domestic violence against your husband?' The counsellors don't even have the basic knowledge of counselling. It is essential that they have some training in psychology and know about social factors,\" advocate V Kannadasan said.Authorities have also taken note of the issue as a letter from the family court to the Madras high court said, \"A lot of complaints have been received regarding counselling at the family court, since most of the counsellors lack requisite qualification and experience in handling matrimonial disputes. Most family disputes occur because of psychological phenomena.\"T C S Raja Chockalingam, judge, principal family court, convened a meeting with psychologists where it was suggested that 10 rooms be allotted for counselling and that a counsellor be assigned just five cases a day.\"The judge made it clear that we should do this as more of a service as counsellors are paid Rs 200 a day. A few psychologists were apprehensive about advocates' intervention during the course of the evaluation. Litigants need to be comfortable when they come for counseling, so facilities should be put in place for this,\" a psychologist said.Another suggestion was that students pursuing postgraduate degrees in psychology be given training at the family court under the guidance of a senior.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12525921", "title": "For the record, this man does not want your vote", "text": "NEW DELHI: This is a candidate with a difference. He is not promising to make any difference to your life. In fact, 70-year-old Har Prakash doesn't even want your vote. He would be happy if you vote for someone else. He is aiming at making a new world record by getting \"zero votes\".Prakash, who has filed his nomination as an independent from Dhirpur ward, is campaigning hard to achieve this goal. \"Mat dena mujhe vote\" (don't vote for me) is what he tells everybody he meets while campaigning - if you can call it that - in the ward. Prakash, who has Guinness and other records against his name, is crazy about making and breaking world records. One can guage this obsession from the fact that he changed his name from Har Prakash to Guinness Rishi a few years.After his nomination was approved last week, he has begun reaching out to people, only to tell them not to vote for him. And he is putting his heart and soul into it. Every morning at 7 am, he sets out on this mission.He has a world record for having over 200 world flags tattooed on his body, including 49 flags on his face and head. He claims he got his first Guinness record in 1990 along with two other friends for driving a scooter non-stop for 42 days.\"I have a record for longest pizza delivery - from Delhi to Ripley's Believe it or Not museum in San Francisco. Till a few years back, I had a record of adopting the oldest man. I had adopted my brother-in-law who was 61 years old. I got all my teeth extracted so that I could make a record of fitting more than 750 straws in my mouth,'' claims Rishi, giving a peek into his bizarre world. (His claims were not verified by TOI)At 70, Rishi says that making new world records is what keeps him going. However, he has a noble aim too. He wants to create awareness about the importance of the ballot among people. \"In my ward, there are over 36,000 voters, but in each election less than 50% people vote. While campaigning I ask people to vote for the right candidate. Only good candidates can give a logical solution to a problem,'' he says.His campaign has somewhat boomeranged too. \"Some people want me to pay them money. Otherwise, they have threatened to vote for me,\" he says. His wife, who doesn't share his obsession, is also planning to go the same way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12525290", "title": "BJP turns corruption heat on Cong", "text": "NEW DELHI: As part of the MCD polls campaign, BJP released a booklet on Tuesday highlighting the scams that surfaced during the Congress regime.Releasing the booklet, BJP national president Nitin Gadhkari delivered a scathing attack against the Congress government at the Centre and state. The booklet titled \"Dilli mein Ghotalebazon ki Sarkar - Ghotale hi Ghotale\" (Government of Scamsters in Delhi - Scams and more scams) lists some 35 scams over 95 pages.Excerpts from CAG and Shunglu Committee reports on Commonwealth Games projects and the tussle between Delhi CM and Delhi lokayukta find a place of prominence in the BJP's report card of the Congress. The list of scams enumerated by BJP is long with fingers pointed at power privatisation, regularization of unauthorized colonies, water privatization and procurement of DTC buses. Besides CWG, the BJP takes on the Congress-led UPA at the Centre over the 2G spectrum and the coal scams, among others.The Delhi BJP, battling infighting and dissidents, is now trying to put up a united front under its national leadership which has taken centre stage in campaigning for the coming municipal polls. BJP president Nitin Gadkari launched a caustic attack on the Delhi government accusing it of involvement in large-scale corruption and promised a clean civic administration if his party was voted back to power.However, the rift between the state leadership and the party cadre became evident with MCD works committee chairman and sitting councillor Jagdish Mamgain questioning this action. Mamgain, who resigned from the party after he was denied a ticket, demanded to know from BJP national president whether he was also going to make public the corruption in MCD and the corrupt practices of state BJP office bearers.Mamgain, a senior BJP leader, has written a letter to Gadkari raising serious questions. In a press statement issued later in the day he stated, \"Instead of diverting attention towards central government, BJP should talk about the issues related to the Corporation and its achievement of last five years.\"\"It is true that there is corruption in the building department, health department and general branch of MCD. The appointment of ghost employees, large number of building collapses resulting in loss of life and property and nexus of councillors and officials is getting stronger day by day. The people of Delhi will definitely vote on the basis of the performance of the past five years in the coming polls,\" Mamgain asserted.On Monday, BJP expelled seven rebels who are contesting the polls as independents.\"The Prime Minister-appointed Shunglu Committee and CAG have reported about the irregularities in the CWG projects. The Shunglu clearly said tax payers' money was wasted due to wrong policies of Delhi government,\" Gadkari said. \"Like the UPA government, the Sheila Dikshit government has also been involved in series of scams and wrongdoings,\" he said appealing to the people of the city to vote for BJP in the civic polls to be held on April 15. \"Congress had demanded removal of the previous Karnataka Chief Minister following a Lokayukta report last year. BJP had removed him (B S Yeddyurappa) from the post. But did Congress take action against the Delhi Minister whose removal was recommended by Delhi Lokayukta,\" he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12524777", "title": "Court gets chemical analysis reports in Kush Katariya case", "text": "NAGPUR: The prosecution on Tuesday submitted the chemical analysis (CA) report and seized properties before the court of additional district and sessions judge GJ Akarte in the Kush Katariya kidnapping and murder case.The court has also received the official notification from the government regarding appointment of Ujjwal Nikam as special public prosecutor. The next hearing of the case in now slated for May 4.Ayush Pugliya, along with his elder brothers Nitin and Navin, were present in the court. They have sought time to organize their defence pleas. Advocate Rajendra Daga assisted the prosecution, represented by additional public prosecutor Jyoti Vajani.Sources in court said the hearing on charges to be framed against the Pugliya brothers is likely to be held on May 4. The Pugliya brothers were furnished copies of the additional charge sheet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12527106", "title": "Car slams, drags 5-yr-old girl on way to school", "text": "PANCHKULA: On her way to school on Tuesday morning, a five-year-old girl was killed on Panchkula-Barwala road when she was hit by a speeding Indigo while crossing the road. Even though police have impounded the abandoned car with Ambala number, they have failed to trace the accused's whereabouts claiming that records in Ambala are not computerized and they need some more time. This would deprive police of the opportunity to conduct timely medical examination of the accused.According to eyewitnesses, there were four youths in the car and music was playing at full blast when the car ran over the girl, Khushi, a resident of Madanpura, was crossing the road along with her brother. After dragging the girl to some distance, the car occupants rushed the seriously injured child to General Hospital, Sector 6, where the doctors declared her brought dead. Realizing that it's a police case, the accused along with three other occupants of the car, escaped leaving the car in the hospital.\"Khushi and her brother, Sachin, were on their way to school when the incident occurred. The car occupants were in the age-group of 20-25,\" said eyewitness Kamal on whose complaint the case has been registered. \"I inquired about the address of the child from her brother and rushed to get her family. Meanwhile, the youths took the child to the hospital. By the time we reached there, we got to know that Khushi was declared dead and the youths had fled,\" he added.Expressing ignorance about the case, DCP Maneesh Chaudhary said police public relation officer will give update on the status of the case. Later, speaking on behalf of the DCP, PRO inspector Raj Kumar said, \"The car bearing an Ambala number is in our custody. They are still at large. We cannot inquire about the owner of the car as the registration in Ambala is not computerized so we would inquire about it on Wednesday morning.\" A case under sections 279 (rash driving) and 304A (death caused due to negligence) has been registered at Chandimandir police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12525578", "title": "Dholera will have demonstrative effect: DMICDC chief", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Ten months off the starting blocks, Dholera Special Investment Regional Development Authority (DSIRDA) is about to complete the exercise of town planning for the 900 sq km project. The region will see urbanization in about 400 sq km, as the rest is either agriculture land or falls under CRZ (coastal regulatory zone) norms.Of the seven cities being planned in across Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, Rajasthan, Gujarat, and Maharashtra, Dholera is moving the fastest, says chief executive of Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor Development Corporation (DMICDC) Amitabh Kant. \"Some states are at the stage of land acquisition or finalizing the master planning,\" says the head of agency implementing India's the most ambitious infrastructure project ever, the $90-billion DMIC.Of the six different town planning (TP) schemes, four are complete. \"The region has three main aspects working for it. Despite the size of the project (900 sq km) there are only 30,000 families living here. Most of agriculture land is single crop. And, state government owns huge tracts of land here. To top it all, no land acquisition is needed. The state government has taken the town planning route instead of acquiring land.\"The official said that of the there are 22 villages in the notified area but the settlements will not be disturbed. \"The town planning has insured that locals remain the land owners. Only for the trunk infrastructure - drainage, sewage, solid waste networks - will the land be bought. Once the area is developed they can sell their land or use it according to plan,\" he avers.This, Kant points out, is the primary reason for there being no resistance to the development. \"We will be spending Rs 3,000 crore on the trunk infrastructure of Dholera city alone. This project will have demonstrative effect on other states.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12525866", "title": "Prasad draws colours from nature's palette", "text": "LUDHIANA: He has an eye to see and perceive things from different perspectives and angles - and most importantly think out-of-the-box to capture them. Prasad Burange, 37, resident of BRS Nagar has been in love with photography ever since his school days. His love for nature is what inspires him to capture images in camera.''As a teenager I was always interested in photography, but could not afford to buy a camera. When I was in Class X my father gifted me my first camera which was a Zenith camera from Calcutta. I still remember how tough it was to convince him get me a camera,'' said Prasad, who is working as an assistant professor in department of entomology, Punjab Agricultural University.His camera is always yearning to click the bounteous nature, be it mountains sea beaches or forests. His wealth of images comes from picturesque beauty of places in Himachal Pradesh , Munnar Tekkadi in Kerla, Chennai, Mumbai and Calcutta continue to be an attraction for him. ''Chennai is the closest to my heart and I have clicked many sun set pictures from there,'' says Prasad.For an artist his best reward is appreciation, and Prasad has no dearth of it. He has won accolades for his photographs on national and international level. ''In 1993, I entered into Mazda International Photo Contest, Japan. I have also been two times grand prize winner of International Week Photo Essay Contest - 2008 and 2009 at North Dakota State University NDSU, United States of America. I have also won a grand prize in Cutest baby competition organized by collegians for life at NDSU in 2009.''Having won prizes for his scientific photographs in various poster and oral competitions at Entomological Society of America, Prasad still remembers how he used to click photographs for his colleagues to help them in their thesis and earn money to upgrade his cameras. ''From taking pictures of colleagues I gravitated to nature and landscape photos. Nature is my inspiration and I love to share the beauty of usually ignored world around us. Plus being outside in fresh air and surrounded by nature is another reason why I love nature photography.''Prasad camera collection includes a Canon S500 and S5 automatic cameras, Canon Rebel T1i DSLR (15.1MP) with the exceptional Canon EF 70-200mm f/2.8L IS II USM Telephoto Zoom Lens and Canon EF-S 18-200mm f/3.5-5.6 IS auto focus lens supported by Canon 580 EX2 flash.''I also intend to have body of the latest Canon EOS 5D Mark III (22.3MP) Digital Camera,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12526254", "title": "NGOs bay for Apna Ghar's blood", "text": "PANAJI: Several NGOs have made a representation to the chief minister requesting him to suspend Apna Ghar staff named by children to the police, and also deploy round the clock security personnel at the home. This step was taken after it came to light that minors in conflict with the law lodged at the state-run reformatory home are being used by staff at the home to commit crimes with help of anti-social elements.Some of the areas which need immediate attention, according to the representation by NGOs, are \"suspension of staff named by children who are involved in abetting the escape and supplying intoxicating substances till further inquiry, security personnel deployment for safety of children and juveniles who disclosed information of those involved, a ban on mobile phones and personal belongings of staff and visitors within the premises, and the introduction of surprise supervisory visits to the institution\", the NGOs have said in the representation.The representation was signed by Child Welfare Committee ( CWC) member Audrey Pinto, Juvenile Justice Board (JJB) members Prachi Khadeparkar and Cyanna Mendes and NGO SCAN's director Emidio Pinho.The racket came to light after Porvorim police on Sunday arrested caretaker Videsh Mandrekar. They suspect that two more caretakers are involved in the racket. Mandrekar has been booked for criminal conspiracy. His bail application was rejected by the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12526020", "title": "SC notices: Babus plead for state help", "text": "HYDERABAD: Irked after being told to fend for themselves by the state government, the 8 IAS officers who have been served notices by the Supreme Court in connection with the controversial GOs issued during the YSR regime are pleading with chief secretary Pankaj Dwivedi for state help. They said that after all they had merely honoured or executed the decisions of the state cabinet.The eight officers are: Manmohan Singh , M Samuel, Aditya Nath Das, SV Prasad, K Ratna Prabha, Y Srilakshmi, CVSK Sarma and B Sam Bob. They have been directed by the apex court to reply either personally or through an advocate to the notices on the 26 GOs allotting land during the YSR regime.According to sources, at a meeting held last week in which chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy, CMO principal secretary Binoy Kumar, advocate general A Sudarshan Reddy and some legal experts, it was decided that the eight officers should individually respond to the notices.A common reply as being sought by the officers would hamper the ongoing investigation by the CBI, was the argument put forth for the same.But the officers are unhappy with the state's decision to leave them to their own devices.\"Rule 8 of the AP Business Rules clearly states that any decision taken by the government would bear collective responsibility and no individual can be held responsible for the same unless there is a process lapse,\" said one of the eight officers.According to the sources, several senior IAS officers are bringing pressure on the chief secretary to come to the rescue of their colleagues, but so far, he has not given them any assurance. The decision as to how and who should respond to the notices served on the six ministers is yet to be taken, the sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12526485", "title": "Teacher trio takes college to court", "text": "KOLKATA: Calcutta high court on Tuesday directed the Calcutta University vice-chancellor to probe allegations by three assistant professors of a city college on whether rules are being flouted to enable non-deserving candidates' to clear graduation and whether the trio is being harassed for bringing this to fore.The college was granted minority status in 2009 and its governing body is now headed by a Trinamool Congress MP.Assistant professors Baisakhi Banerjee, Parveen Kaur and Zarina Khatoon have alleged that the college authorities are sending failed students to the final examination in complete deviation of CU regulations and in the process are belittling the teachers' specialized role of assessing students. The next hearing is on April 10. Justice Tapen Sen delivered the order.The teachers claim that the college authorities have been issuing derogatory letters to undermine their dignity. They have complained to the state women's commission against the installation of CCTV cameras in the staff room.This they isn't only only embarrassing but is tantamount to serious violation of our right to privacy and dignity, they allege. The teachers have also claimed that the Calcutta University have kept quite even after being apprised of the blatant violation of the Calcutta University Examination Regulations, various provisions in the Calcutta University Act, 1979 as well as the Calcutta University First Statutes, 1979 in protecting the standard of education of the Minority College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12525389", "title": "Cops explain delay in probe against Gujarat University VC", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Filing of chargesheet against Gujarat University (GU) Vice-Chancellor (VC) after 1,370 days! But the police do not find it a delay, as an affidavit filed in the Gujarat high court tried to assert that no time was wasted to probe the charges of caste profiling against VC Parimal Trivedi.As per the provisions of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes (Prevention of Atrocities) Act, the charges of caste profiling are to be mandatorily probed within a period of 30 days. However, it took nearly four years for the city police to charge sheet Trivedi in connection with the complaint filed by a GLS Arts College faculty, Pankaj Shrimali, on May 3, 2008.Trivedi was arrested on February 21 and the SC/ST Cell filed a chargesheet against him on February 28 this year. However, the affidavit filed by an ACP of the Cell claims that the police never wasted time in this case.As per the affidavit, after two-month probe, police filed A Summary in this case. The papers were lying with court for a year till July 2009, when it ultimately rejected the summary and asked to probe the case further.Cops took seven more months to come to a conclusion that the FIR was false, and in April 2010, B Summary was prepared. However, before the issue reached the court, the DCP decided to cancel the report and transferred the case to the SC/ST Cell.Since September 2010, the Cell had been conducting the probe and the affidavit denotes the delay of nearly one and a half years to change of investigating officers. This affidavit was filed after justice J C Upadhayay issued show-cause notice on basis of application filed by the complainant.Shrimali was not satisfied with the pace of the probe and intended to file a reply to the affidavit. Further hearing in this case is kept on April 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "we asked readers if students were justified in protesting against the re-test for the mhrm paper. here are some responses", "code": "12527292", "title": "TOI Interactive", "text": "We asked readers if students were justified in protesting against the re-test for the MHRM paper. Here are some responses:I am sure I am voicing the grievances of thousands of students who appeared for the TYBom examination and are now being forced to appear for a re-test . The date of the reexam is 10 days after the regular exams which is causing inconvenience to students who have already planned their vacations or may have started working from the first day of the new accounting year. Moreover it has been noticed that the question paper of a re-test is always more difficult, the common example of this would be the difference between the difficulty levels of March and October exam papers. Students are unnecessarily dragged into this situation because of the ignorance of the examination authorities. Re-test comes as a nightmare to most of the students, and a single bad paper possesses the ability to bring down the overall percentage considerably. Instead of holding a re-test and punishing the students, the authorities must realise that it is high time they start focussing on their own examination system. This is not a view of one, but many students who have been dragged into this maze of confusion, especially after the late arrival of hall-tickets , wrongly allocated subject combinations, last moment change in examination centre, etc. Our batch has been the favourite of the education system for using as guinea pigs, be it the change in paper patterns of junior college, change in the format of final accounts in SYJC!Pratik Kajaria | StudentStudents are justified in protesting. First, there was a conflict in the 60/40 system... there was no clarity till December. This was followed by confusion with hall tickets. Then on the day of exam, centres changed. Now when the university makes a mistake we have to suffer. This is not done.. it's a question of our graduation degree, our careers are dependent on this result.Dilsheen BhasinI'm a TYBCom student. It has been ridiculously annoying this year. Firstly the hectic timetable with no breaks. Why do SSC students get 25 days and TYBcom students get only 10 days for the exam? Are we machines?? Students who had 'Tax' as a subject did not get any break before the next paper, 'Economics' . Secondly, we got hall tickets a day before the exam. I got Mumbai University (Kalina) as my centre. To confirm I went there soon after collecting my hall ticket, but the IDOL management to my surprise had no information about the board exam held in the IDOL building. This was a shock. The rude behavior from officials increased my stress levels. My centre was one hour away from the university. What a waste of time. This was not the end of our misery. The leaked MHRM paper was next. Why do we 85,000 students have to pay for a mistake made by a college in Biwandi?Dahlia DiasStudents are right to protest. It's a mistake on the part of the college and the Mumbai University. Why should students be made to pay the price for somebody else's mistake?AmitI work with an international carrier, and I'll be out of the country when the re-exam is scheduled. I took a month's leave for my exam and now the carrier won't grant me leave. I will not be able to return to India before April 16.- Deepa Komlangan", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12526823", "title": "Online dash to save sparrows", "text": "BANGALORE: The sparrows' struggle for survival has just got wings. And you can chip in with your inputs to Citizen Sparrow, an online survey launched on April 1. It will document the current population and the distribution of sparrows across the country. The project will run for two months.The survey is the result of growing concern among the experts and the common man over the decline of house sparrow.The Bangalore-based Nature Conservation Foundation (a branch of National Centre for Biological Sciences) has joined hands with the Bombay Natural History Society and launched the online survey Citizen Sparrow (www.citizensparrow.in).\"It is an elementary step to gather information. We are encouraging people to write to us about their experience, be it about the drastic drop in the sparrow count in their neighbourhood or the sudden spurt of the birds in their locality. All these significant inputs will give us valuable leads to compile pan India data,\" said Suhel Quader, evolutionary ecologist of the National Centre for Biological Sciences.The objective of involving ordinary citizens rather than experts comes with a purpose. \"Almost everyone knows about sparrows. It is an attempt to reach out to people - asking them to share their stories and their understanding of these birds,\" said Quader.How it worksParticipants in the survey would be asked to mark locations on a map and give information about their sparrow sightings, including sightings from the last year and even earlier. Such information will enable a comparison of sparrows in different places, and this is expected to point to particular threats or problems. The findings are intended to feed detailed studies investigating causes of decline, and potential measures for the recovery of sparrow populations.Asad Rahmani, director, Bombay Natural History Society, said: \"We want to involve citizens to make them more interested and concerned about conservation issues.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12526048", "title": "Holkar College writes to UGC for withdrawing autonomy", "text": "INDORE: Following the death of a Holkar Science College student, who committed suicide on Monday night, and protests by students alleging poor evaluation system on Tuesday, the college authorities wrote to University Grants Commission ( UGC), higher education department and vice-chancellor of Devi Ahila Vishwavidhyalaya (DAVV) seeking withdrawal of its autonomy.The authorities on Tuesday called an emergency staff council meeting in which it was decided to shed the autonomy given to the college. The council decided that ATKT mark sheets of March 2012 will be shown to the students even in the absence of parents.The meeting headed by the college principal SL Garg clarified that the deceased, Deepak Jaiswal, a student of BSc second year, was absent during the main examination of Maths that was conducted in December 2011.\"He was failing in ATKT examination and the college has not received any application related to result in the past. As he has not left any suicide note, there can be other reasons for committing suicide,\" said Garg.Considering that the student was one of the members of the college, the authorities expressed their desire to apply with the government and Jan Bhagidari Samiti for ex-gratia. The college will also provide relief to the family of the deceased on its part.Earlier, the agitated students protested on the college premises alleging poor marking system responsible the death of the student.The students disrupted the functioning of the college and demanded resignation of college principal. The students, who were over 100 in number, protested the declining quality of education in the college. They raised questions over the integrity of college for not acting on sensitive matters of poor evaluation against which students have been protesting since long.The students on Tuesday burnt the effigy of chief minister and called for an indefinite strike at the college till the principal resigns. Cops were deployed on the college premises to prevent any untoward incidents. The students met additional director of higher education department Narendra Dhakad and submitted a memorandum to him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12526964", "title": "Class 10 exam under new syllabus begins", "text": "CHENNAI: As the rest of the country gets set to soak in the glamour of the IPL cricket series, parents of Class 10 students set to take their first board exam on Wednesday are, understandably, less enthusiastic. The delay in conducting the exam has it clashing with the IPL season.Class 10 student Chittaranjan has promised his father Siva Kumar Bala that his only break will be to watch the match highlights. \"But he has a condition. Nobody else in the family is to watch the matches, or tell him who wins till he has seen the replay,\" said Siva Kumar. Schools have allowed children to stay back after the exams and also come to school during the study holidays to avoid being tempted to watch cricket on TV, on request from parents.Ahead of the first board exam in the Samacheer Kalvi syllabus, some students and teachers are tense while others feel there will be an easier question paper and liberal evaluation. \"It's encouraging to note the absence of five-year question booklets and question banks in the hands of students, and instead see all students - not just toppers - reading every line of the textbook because they don't know what questions to expect,\" said Shree Niketan Matriculation School correspondent P Vishnucharan.It is also a testing time for the state as it tries to level the education field for children in Anglo-Indian, matriculation, oriental and state board schools. \"The question paper must be tough enough to challenge children in private matriculation schools, who have a tougher syllabus, and easy enough for children in government schools to ease them to a higher standard,\" said educational consultant K R Maalathi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12526967", "title": "Plea stating IPL clashes with exams dismissed", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Tuesday dismissed a public interest writ petition that sought a direction to the Indian Premier League (IPL) and civic authorities to inspect safety and infrastructural facilities available at the MAC stadium and not to allow vehicle parking outside the venue.A division bench of Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice M Venugopal, dismissing the PIL filed by Varaaki of Chennai, said: \"The petition has been filed without any information with regard to the steps taken to conduct the matches.\"The issues raised in the PIL included the SSLC examination time table which clashes with the IPL schedule. It said the high-decibel tournament would be a nuisance to SSLC students who are all set to write their public examination from Wednesday.Noting that the Chennai city was already witnessing traffic diversions and snarls owing to Metro Rail project works at several locations, the PIL said the IPL would result in vehicular pile up in and around MAC stadium. He wanted authorities to be directed to ensure that vehicles of the spectators were not allowed to be parked all around the stadium, causing nuisance to the general public as well as the residents in the locality.It said there were several infrastructural shortcomings at the stadium, and wanted the authorities to review the facilities available at the venue. Though several representations were sent to the authorities concerned, no response was forthcoming, the PIL said, adding that the Chennai civic authorities and the Tamil Nadu Cricket Association management should be asked to take action on his representation dated March 29, 2012 in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12527434", "title": "Max's bar code drive to protect patients from medication errors", "text": "NEW DELHI: A bar code around a patient's wrist will now protect h/him from medication errors - considered among the top 10 killers by the World Health Organization (WHO).A hospital in Delhi, Max, has introduced the Bar Coded Medication Administration (BCMA) - a unique concept that was first conceived by an American nurse in 1994.BCMA uses barcodes to prevent human errors in the distribution of prescription medications at hospitals.It makes sure that patients receive the correct medications at the correct time by electronically validating and documenting medications.The information encoded in bar codes allows for the comparison of the medication being administered by the nurse on the patient with what was ordered for him.Dr Neena Pahuja, chief information officer of Max Healthcare, said, \"We are implementing BCMA in our hospitals across Delhi, Bhatinda and Mohali. Each patient's barcode holds all the vital information about the patient and his medication, including what drugs s/he is allergic to. BCMA ensures it is the right patient getting the right medication at the right time, the right dose and by the right route. This greatly reduces medication errors and improves time of delivery by 97%.\"So how does the bar code work?BCMA consists of a barcode printer, a barcode reader and a mobile computer called computer on wheels (COW). Each time, a nurse needs to administer a medicine; she takes the COW to the patient area and scans the wrist band and the drug's barcode. A signal, then, alerts the nurse if the medicine matches the patient. Once the nurse administers the medicine, it also gets recorded online, thereby informing doctors if the pills were given on time.\"A compliance check is carried out every week. Earlier, nurses had to note down the time of the drug being administered manually. Paper record can be fudged,\" Dr Pahuja added. The project won the NASSCOM award last week for exemplary information technology work in healthcare.The software also has information on what drugs the patient is allergic to.So whenever a doctor prescribes the drug, the software alerts the pharmacy, making the doctor change the medicine.BCMA is a routine feature in US hospitals, with studies showing that it reduces medication errors by 65% to 86%.BCMA was first implemented in the Veteran Medical Center in Topeka, Kansas, USA. It was conceived by a nurse who was inspired by a car rental service using barcode.Max has also implemented a \"Private Cloud\" for patient data across hospitals. This allows patient data to be available across location based on the need for second or super specialist's opinion.The Electronic Health Record (EHR), which has been implemented in the hospitals, contains the patient's history, medication, diagnosis, progress notes, allergies, treatment plan, diagnostic reports and surgery notes.\"Emergency patients admitted in Mohali, Bhatinda and Shalimar Bagh hospitals can get a second opinion from a larger specialist team available at the emergency of the super-specialty hospital at Saket or other locations at any time. Oncology patients in distant hospitals can get a real time second opinion from senior oncology super-specialists located at other locations. Complete clinical records in the EHR are used in parallel with a video communication on the COW next to the patient's bed,\" Max officials added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12529464", "title": "Himachal Pradesh and Jammu to have pipeline connected oil terminals", "text": "JALANDHAR: Indian Oil Corporation Ltd would be laying pipelines to Jammu and Himachal Pradesh for supply of diesel, petrol and kerosene and the land where the pipeline will be set has been identified for the purpose.IOCL general manager (Punjab HP and J&K;) R K Arora revealed on Tuesday that they had identified the land near Ambala in J&K; and the land would be around 30 kms from Jammu.\"These pipelines would not only save time on taking these products to these regions and the process would be hassle free but Indian Oil would also save a lot of money on paying CST which it was paying for transporting these products to HP from Ambala,\" said Arora who was in Jalandhar to announce holding of 30th Petroleum Sports Promotion Board Inter Unit Hockey Tournament.The oil terminals at both the places would be getting their supplies through Jalandhar terminal which is already connected through pipeline to Panipat refinery.Meanwhile he said that they were also contemplating to have another LPG bottling plant in Punjab while two were already there - in Jalandhar and at Nabha.\"The third plant would either be located in Majha region or near Bathinda refinery,\" he said.Arora further said that they were going on their projects as per the expansion plans and as of now there were no hurdles even as the company was facing losses due to oil pricing structure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12527006", "title": "HC slams woman\u2019s bid to encroach road", "text": "CHENNAI: Lambasting a litigant's ownership claim over a prime public road in Adyar, the Madras high court has imposed a cost of Rs 25,000 on her, besides directing the civic authorities to maintain the road and clear all encroachments within four weeks.A division bench of Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice M Venugopal, flaying CT Saraswathi Achi, said Parameswari Nagar 2nd Street in Adyar was a public road.\"She is playing her cunning tactics to delay the proceedings, presumably to grab the land situated in a prime locality in the city, which should not at all be encouraged,\" the judges said, directing her to pay Rs 25,000 to the Tamil Nadu State Legal Services Authority within two weeks. M Durairaj, who impleaded in the case and played fraud, too was asked to pay up Rs 25,000 as cost.The litigation is over the road, which Saraswathi Achi tried to take over by putting up permanent structures. A resident, R Ganesan, initiated a case stating that though the Chennai Corporation had declared it as a public road, the civic agency had failed to maintain it as a public road and install street lights. The matter relates to Achi's review application and a contempt petition by G Narguna Velan who purchased a property in the vicinity from Ganesan.Pointing out that the Supreme Court had in 2001 asked Achi to establish her title with proof, Justice Rao said: \"Inspite of lapse of 12 long years, she has not filed any such suit till now. Instead, she is clinging on the suit filed by Durairaj to say that the issue with regard to the nature of the road is pending before the civil court...She is a defaulter on many fronts.\"The bench asked the city civil court, which is seized of a connected matter, to dispose it of in three months. Referring to an ambiguous letter issued by the Mylapore-Triplicane tahsildar, the judges also directed the collector to initiate necessary legal and disciplinary action against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12527224", "title": "Sunny Deol shoots in city", "text": "VARANASI: Bollywood actor Sunny Deol and his co-actors Saurabh Shukla, Mithilesh Chaturvedi and Anil Saxena were in the city to shoot the promotional song of Chandra Prakash Dwivedi's film 'Mohalla Asi' based on Kashi Nath Singh's novel 'Kashi ka Asi' on Tuesday. Some parts of the song were shot on Monday as well. Apart from the co-stars and art and technical crew of the movie, over 500 locals and foreign tourists also participated in the back drop of the song. Pandit Channulal Mishra, noted vocalist of the city, has also given his voice in one of the songs of the movie. The major part of the film was already shot in March 2011 and is expected to hit the cinema halls in the month of August.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12525941", "title": "'Once a Wakf, always a Wakf'", "text": "HYDERABAD: The soul of Hazrath Hussain Shah Wali may be at peace today. The Sufi saint who lived in the kingdom of Golconda in the later half of the 16th and early decades of the 17th century was a man of many sides. Before turning to Sufism, the son-in-law of Sultan Ibrahim Qutub Shah was an engineer and an administrator. He designed and built the famous Hussainsagar, the landmark which, along with Charminar, gives a distinct identity to the modern-day Hyderabad.When Hazrath Wali died in 1620 AD, Abdullah Qutub Shah, the reigning Qutb Shahi sultan, built a mausoleum in his memory that lies between Jubilee Hills and Tolichowki in the area known as 'Dargah'. More than two centuries later, the fifth Nizam Afzalud Dawla endowed Manikonda village as wakf known as 'mashrootul khidmaat' or service grant for the dargah and its caretaker. But the village was not part of the revenue documents till 1935 when it was included in the 'muntakhab'. In that year, the land measured over 1800 acres. Later, much of its land went into the construction and expansion of a nala.The muntakhab that had been endorsed by the Board of Revenue of the then newly-created Andhra Pradesh state in 1957 was challenged two years later. It was contended that the village was part of a jagir and hence it became the property of the government with the Jagir Abolition Act being enacted. But the high court upheld the revenue ruling. So the status quo continued.Ironically, the village was not considered as wakf property by the first Wakf Survey, the findings of which were published in 1980s. During the second Wakf Survey that started in 2001 the 'mistake' of the first survey was noticed and the Wakf Board published an errata in 2006 declaring that the village was, in fact, wakf land and it measured 1654 acres and 32 guntas.In the meantime, the state government taking it that Manikonda village too was originally a jagir exercised ownership rights and during the reign of Chandrababu Naidu started giving away land to MNCs and local corporate houses with a view to creating an IT hub. Land allocations to corporates picked up pace during YS Rajasekhara Reddy's reign. The land was meant for setting up IT and related industries but some beneficiaries made a killing by converting it into real estate ventures. The government and its agency, Andhra Pradesh Industrial Investment Corporation (APPIC), said it had given land measuring 823 acres to 10 companies.Furious over the publication of the 'errata' in 2006 the state government got an FIR registered against a Wakf Board official and started putting pressure on the board to back off from its claim. The board wavered for a while but several individuals impleaded themselves in the case making it difficult for the government as well as the board to change their stand.In spite of best efforts by Lanco, one of the companies that secured 100 acres of land, and others who hired the best of lawyers to fight their case ,the high court ruled on Tuesday that \"Once a wakf, always a wakf and its propriety rests with the Almighty.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12525033", "title": "Sam Pitroda for President?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarati techie Sam Pitroda has emerged as a dark horse in the race to become India's next President.The nation has to elect its 16th president in July 2012 and Pitroda's is the latest name to emerge from a plethora of other stronger contenders.A native of Tikar village in Halvad taluka of Surendranagar district and a physics graduate of M S University, Satyanarayan Gangaram Panchal, alias Sam Pitroda, would be the first Gujarati to adorn the country's highest post, if he makes it.After the debacle in the recent assembly polls, the Congress has got weakened and allies are in a mood to bargain hard in return for support on this vital issue. The Congress leadership thus would feel safer with a candidate with maximum acceptance. While it is felt that candidates from minority, Dalit and OBC sections would serve a political purpose, there is also a desire to find someone who is above politics, a statesman and a global ambassador for the nation.The front-runners include vice-president Hamid Ansari , Lok Sabha speaker Meira Kumar , finance minister Pranab Mukherjee and statesman Dr Karan Singh. Ansari is considered to be the obvious choice for this position.Since the last couple of weeks, the name of Pitroda is being discussed in political circles. His emergence was noticed when he accompanied Rahul Gandhi for the release of the Congress manifesto in Uttar Pradesh.He returned to India from the US on an invitation by Rajiv Gandhi and it was with the former PM's full support that he brought in telecom and computer revolution to ready the country for the 21st century. At present, he is the advisor to PM on information infrastructure and innovation. During UPA-1, he was chairman of the Knowledge Commission.Interestingly, he is also an advisor to Mamata Banerjee for the 'Resurgent Bengal' campaign and has very good relationship with Sharad Pawar and Naveen Patnaik .Pitroda was born in Orissa and speaks Oriya fluently. An OBC, he is the son of a carpenter who had migrated to Orissa in search of work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12526593", "title": "Low turnout at BJP's rail-roko agitation", "text": "JAIPUR: The state-wide rail-roko protest called by the BJP's farmers' wing, Kisan Morcha, turned out to be flop show on Tuesday. The internal bickering within the party ensured that hardly hundred farmers gathered at any of the protest sites.Owing to the meagre strength of the protestors, the Kisan Morcha leaders had to do with just token demonstrations and the train movements in the state remained unaffected. At almost each of the three-dozen railway stations in 25 districts where the protests were planned, policemen outnumbered the BJP supporters.The low turnout of people in favour of the BJP was seen by the political analysts as reflective of the saffron party's complacency about coming to power riding on the ruling Congress's failures. For the past three years, the Opposition BJP has repeatedly been accused of failing to hold noteworthy demonstrations in support of public concerns like high petrol prices or compensation for farmers suffering weather vagaries.Being the first political demonstration planned by former minister Sanwar Lal Jat after his appointment as the Morcha president, the ruling party too was keeping a close eye on the event. Much to his embarrassment, however, Jat could not even enter the Kishangarh railway station near Ajmer for the protest since only a handful of his supporters turned up for the protest. Police later put the figure of his supporters who courted arrest at 69.Jat shied away from the media after he was forced to hold a token demonstration outside the Kishangarh railway station. Even as he avoided taking questions from TOI, a press statement released by the Kisan Morcha office in the evening claimed that the event was a hit.The event aroused political analysts' interest even more as Jat is a close aide of former chief minister and leader of opposition Vasundhara Raje. The event was, as such, linked to Raje's influence, too, on the farmers for whom the Morcha demanded increased support price for wheat and other agricultural benefits from the state government. BJP national president Nitin Gadkari's instructions to the party leaders to bury their differences and demonstrate a united face failed to bring the partymen together for the protest.In Jaipur, the protest was organised at the Kanakpura railway station on the Jaipur-Ajmer rail track along the Sirsi road on the city outskirts. Kisan Morcha vice-president Kuldeep Dhanka led the protest, but the demonstrators' number barely touched the three-digit figure. After much dithering, the BJP men climbed atop a stationary goods train at the railway station and shouted slogans as long as the photojournalists clicked pictures. Soon the police made the protesters to vacate the station. The two trains crossed the railway station unhindered while the protestors were still there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12525367", "title": "HC takes cognizance of tree felling at Anand Agricultural University land", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has issued suo motu notice to the Anand Agricultural University (AAU) and the Kheda collector for allotment of gauchar land and decision taken to permit green felling on that land.Justice A S Dave sought explanation with regards to the decision of land allotment and removal of green cover, when the court came to know about the development while hearing a quashing petition filed by a talati of Manwada village in Kheda district. While dealing with talati Diptiben Gandhi's petition to quash a complaint registered regarding alleged irregularities in making payment, the court found that in March 2010, Kheda collector granted permission to cut 2,295 green trees situated on the gauchar land allotted to the AAU. This alarmed the court, which ordered impleadment of AAU registrar and Kheda collector in the petition. tnnAfter joining the authorities as parties in the case, justice Dave observed that the court needs explanation about allotment of gauchar land to the university as well as permission to cut green trees situated on the plot.The high court has asked the authorities to file their reply by April 9, when further hearing on the issue is scheduled.After the state government sold a plot of 400 acre land near Sanad to Tata motors for its Nano plant, the AAU was granted land at seven different places in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12525391", "title": "Heat and the city", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Citizens continued to face the heat as the temperature hovered above 40 degrees - city recorded 40.8 degrees on Tuesday. Officials said that a reprieve is in sight as the temperature fell from Monday's 41.3 degrees. Temperatures are expected to further fall and start normalizing from Wednesday.The state experienced its first heat wave when the temperature soared beyond 40 degrees in most parts of Gujarat. On Tuesday, Idar in north Gujarat was hottest place at 42.6 degrees followed by Bhuj in Kutch at 42 degrees.Vadodara recorded 40.1 degrees while Rajkot recorded 41.2 degrees. Deesa in north Gujarat recorded 41.8 degrees and Surendranagar recorded 41.7 degrees.Citizens were reminded of the killer heat wave last year which killed 55 people in Ahmedabad alone. Hundreds of people had suffered heat stroke suffering sudden onset of vomiting, lose motions and fever. There was a time when the city had run out of ice to cool down heat stroke patients that had flooded the hospitals.\"The heat of Ahmedabad is becoming more aggressive as we need to adopt more disciplined measures to protect oneself from the ill-effects like heat stroke and dehydration.I have started ensuring that my son loads up on chilled milk shake and lemon juice when he goes for his tennis classes late in the afternoon\", said Manali Joshi, a housewife in Satellite.Doctors said elderly should take special care and prevent electrolyte imbalance. Elderly are more prone to dehydration and heat strokes and can suffer major electrolyte imbalance leading to disorientation.Since this is the beginning of summers, it is advisable for elderly to form a habit not to venture outside between 12 and 4 pm when the heat is maximum, doctors said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "12526874", "title": "Bullock-cart race takes place despite ban in Punjab", "text": "RAMGARH: The Punjab Animal Husbandry Department has banned bullock-cart racing but it seems that the orders are being flouted. Thirty bullock-carts were seen participating in a competition held in village Ramgarh, 15 km from Ludhiana on Tuesday. This competition that started around 2.30pm has been organized by and for the farmers for the past seven years.Other than the bullock-cart owners, a large number of spectators too flocked the venue. Care was taken in the race to ensure that the carts did not collide with each other, so much so that the bullock carts went into the field one by one and their timing was noted down. A person who participated in the bullock cart race on condition of anonymity said that he was aware that bulls could not be used in such races but added that they were here in order to keep a tradition alive. He added that they were not being cruel to the animals. Another person who participated in the cart racer said that these bulls were like their babies because they had worked a lot in rearing them.Harminder Singh, chairman of the \" Punjab Bail Dodak Committee\", that organized the competition said that with the advancement in technical know-how these bulls were becoming dispensible in the fields, while adding that participation in such competitions helped these bullocks to stay fit as they got a chance to channelize their energy.Rider, bulls hurtDuring the competition a bullock cart lost its balance and fell to the ground. The rider as well as the bulls were seriously injured. Deputy commissioner Rahul Tewari said that the Punjab Animal Husbandry Department had banned bullock cart races in the state. He added if the race has been organized then he will refer the matter to the department concerned to take action.Bullock cart races illegalThe ban was imposed on bullock cart races following the Animal Welfare Board of India (AWBI), issuing a letter stating that the Government of India notification dated 11.07.2011 issued under Section 22 of the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act, 1960, bans the use of bulls as performing animals. Hence, the bullock cart races are illegal. These violate Section 11 of the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act, 1960, and constitute a contravention of the Government of India notification.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12525707", "title": "Driver to be in court today", "text": "The police say the Juhu accident is an open-and-shut case for the prosecution. Tests have revealed that Rahul Mishra, who was behind the wheel, and his friends Amit Gupta and Krishnamani Thevar (all 23) smelt of alcohol after the mishap. Their blood samples have been sent for examination, which will give the alcohol percentage.A police officer said strong action would be taken in the case so that it served as a lesson for others. He said Mishra was driving under the influence of alcohol, which had been confirmed by a doctor who examined him. \"The youths should have avoided the car journey after getting drunk. Also, the manager of the pub that served them liquor did not take care while doing so.\"Mishra, under arrest, will be produced in court on Wednesday. The police will seek a remand extension.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12524745", "title": "Workshop for family of alcoholics", "text": "NAGPUR: Alcohol addiction destroys not only the addict but the entire family. A city-based support group, Al Anon inter Group is organizing a 2-day workshop at St Ursula School on April 7 and 8 to create awareness about alcoholism and help the affected families.Al Anon inter Group consists of men and women who have suffered because of the addiction in their loved ones. These people help the family of an alcoholic to recover from their sufferings by means of shared experiences. The workshop would be held between 2pm and 5.30pm on Friday and from 9.30am to 3.30pm on Saturday.\"We do not believe in any kind of preaching. We share our personal experiences with the affected family to give them probable solutions to their problems. Hearing the other people in similar situations helps the others work out solutions on their own,\" said Vandana, one of the members of the group. \"We give them hope in order to solve their common problems.\"Another member of the group, Manisha said, \"We only want people to learn to face the problem created by alcohol abuse. Though most alcoholics are men, the whole family is affected by their condition since they are the earning members in most families. However, the women, who have to run the entire household, can prevent the situation from worsening.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "pau", "code": "12525907", "title": "Harpreet to paint Punjab Agricultural University with 'colours of Punjab'", "text": "PAU: A farmer by soul and photographer by heart , Harpreet Singh , a photo artist popularly known as Harp Farmer, chose Ludhiana for his maiden photo exhibition to be held next week. He is likely to exhibit his work in the art gallery of Punjab Agricultural University as he feels that the ambience of the university is perfect for his maiden experience.Harpreet said, ''I plan to exhibit 40 pictures under the name, ''Colors of Panjaab'' The collection of pictures depict different aspects of Punjab and its people. I have travelled different villages of the state to capture these shots to share my love for this state with its people.'' He adds, ''The natural setting of Punjab, flora &amp; fauna and its culture has always inspired me. I try to capture the everyday life of its people, their concerns and cause, its landscape - and freeze them in everlasting memories.''An engineer by education, he adds, ''After completing my post graduation in software from Pune, instead of searching for a job, I travelled various villages to capture pictures. After returning, I disclosed my interest in photography to my elder brother, Charanjeet Singh and asked him to buy me a camera. Later, my brother gifted me a Cannon 550 D camera. I taught myself to shoot pictures and used internet to upgrade my knowledge.''Among Harpreet's acclaimed works includes a picture on the shores of Sutlej at Harike Pattan and rainbow of field.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12527155", "title": "Private schools face notice for hiking fees without \u2018reason\u2019", "text": "GURGAON: After large-scale protest from parents against a steep fee hike by private schools, the state education department is set to issue a notification to almost 65 private schools in the city for not submitting the report on their expenses for the year 2011-2012 to justify the raise.The list of 65 schools - including CBSE, CISCE and Haryana board - covers most of the well-known private education institutions in Gurgaon. It includes Shikshantar School, Lancer International School, Ajanta Public School, Pathways World School, GD Goenka World school, Suncity World School, Delhi Public School (Sushant Lok, Maruti Kunj), The Banyan Tree World School and Ryan International school (Bhondsi).According to a verdict of Punjab and Haryana high court, the private schools must provide details of their expenses in 'Form VI' to justify any kind of increase in the tuition fee. It is further provided as a condition that only those schools which have submitted information in Form VI as per provisions of Rule 158 of the 2003 Rules within a stipulated period shall be allowed to enhance the fee.The schools, which had not submitted their justification for the academic year 2012-13, were given directions to comply with the directions.The education department in the next two days will issue notification to the schools asking them to give explanation on why they have not submitted the expenses report. The Rule 158 relates to notifying of fee and funds.\"The management of every recognized private school shall submit the details of minimum facilities being provided and the maximum fee charged in Form VI. They shall before the commencement of each academic session, file with the department a full statement of the fees and all types of funds levied by such school during the ensuing academic session justifying it...\" reads the judgment.The senior officials with the education department said the schools would be asked to file the explanation within a week. \"If they fail to give us the reasons for not submitting the Form VI, the department would take strict action against them. They are not allowed to hike fees before justifying their expenditure,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12527610", "title": "SP to set up task force to handle Muslim quota", "text": "LUCKNOW: After reaping a bumper harvest in the 2012 UP assembly elections, the Samajwadi Party is all set to constitute a task force to handle the issue of Muslim reservation. Though no specific timeframe has been set to complete the job, the party is hopeful that the task force will come up with a blueprints pertaining to Muslim reservation , sometime before the 2014 Lok Sabha polls.Aware of the critical nature of the exercise, the SP leadership is believed to have decided to keep the entire exercise away from the media focus . In his campaign speeches, SP national president Mulayam Singh Yadav promised to apply all possible means to persuade the Centre to implement the recommendations of the Sachar panel which suggests reservation in proportion to the population.Party's Muslim face and senior leader Azam Khan too made references to \"maximum possible reservation to Muslims\" at his public meetings during the election rallies . \"The proposed task force is likely to be headed jointly by SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav, senior leaders Mohammed Azam Khan and Ram Gopal Yadav . SP state president and Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav is also likely to be part of a core group of 5-7 members including constitutional experts , legal luminaries, Muslim intellectuals and clerics,\" said a party leader requesting anonymity.To begin with, the party leaders do not appear to be inclined to adopt the easiest and time-tested option of increasing the reservation quota for Muslims at the cost of all the backward classes. Any such move is sure to rattle the backward classes as they will lose a fraction of their share in the quota that is already available to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "hassan/ karwar", "code": "12527219", "title": "Big cats day out in Hassan, Ankola", "text": "HASSAN/ KARWAR: It was a day to spot two members of the big cat family in the concrete jungles of the state. While a leopard surfaced again in Hassan, a panther tried to make a kill of an 11-year-old in Karwar.Six persons were injured in a leopard attack at Hulahalli, Holenarasipur taluk, here on Monday night.The injured are Ravindra, RFO, Rangaswamy and Dinesh, assistant RFOs, Pradeep, forest guard, Hemanth Kumar and Rangayya, all villagers. The leopard was spotted in the sugarcane field belonging to Hemanth Kumar. Forest officials who arrived at the spot returned empty-handed. Villagers later spotted the leopard hiding in the bush. The forest officials were called again. But by the time they arrived, villagers had started throwing stones at the big cat which was still hiding in the bushes. When forest officials approached it, the leopard started attacking them and the villagers. It later slipped into the nearby forest.Shortage of steel cages Ambhadi Madhav, DFO, Hassan circle, said that leopards straying into human habitatation and attacking cattle has become a serious problem. The district has only 5 steel cages to trap leopards, and in the past one month two leopards were trapped and released into Bisle forest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bijapur", "code": "12527179", "title": "Green hurdle for Kudgi project", "text": "BIJAPUR: The Kudgi Super Thermal Power project, for which the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) gave the green signal, seems to have landed in troubled waters.The National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC) is setting up 4,000 MW capacity super thermal power plant at Kudgi in the district.The state government had already notified 3,000 acres of land for the purpose. MoEF gave environment clearance to the project in January 2012.Environmentalists, who are miffed with the MoEF giving its nod to the project, moved the court recently and filed a petition in the National Green Tribunal (NGT), New Delhi.They have also challenged the memorandum of understanding ( MoU) entered by the state government with NTPC, claiming that there is no irrigated land at the project site.Land levelling and fencing work is going on at the site. The corporation has reportedly held talks with the railway authorities to lay new railway line for the transportation of coal from Jharkhand. M P Patil, who is heading Parisar Rakshana Seva Vedike, told TOI that they have already challenged the environment clearance given to the project in NGT.\"The NGT had summoned NTPC to present their case while the next hearing will be held on April 24. We have raised many valid points to prove that the project will have disastrous impact on environment and it is economically not viable. But, before giving clearance, the authority concerned should have sent a team of experts to study the situation,\" he said.He alleged that the government gave wrong information and misled the people saying that there is no irrigated land.\"As per the RTI information given by KIADB officials, more than 50% land there is irrigated land.There is a fear that fly ash generated from the plant may get mixed with the nearby Alamatti dam water. The project will also cause air pollution. This project is not economically viable as it will cost around Rs 4,500 crore just to transport coal from Jarkhand to the plant site,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12527472", "title": "City trust says 'non-Marathi ' builders cheat", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court has slammed a trust's decision to hand over the redevelopment of its prime property to a Marathi builder at a lower price on the grounds that \"non-Maharashtrian builders may cheat\". It said \"the trustees dealt with the property (Kudaldeshkar Brahmin Niwas in Girgaum) as if it was their private property\" and agreed that the trust's reason for not inviting public bids was an eyewash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12525650", "title": "State to support, fund community green projects", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government will support and fund small-scale development projects that aim to spread environmental awareness and conserve resources effectively by citizens' groups, residents' associations and individuals.The funding will be done under the Green Ideas scheme and will depend on the nature of projects proposed by citizens' groups or individuals. Proposals for eco-friendly festivals, saving water, waste management, biodiversity, energy conservation and coastal conservation with community participation will be taken up.\"Projects on conservation, groundwater recharge, waste management, improvement of local environment with community participation, eco-village, sustainable livelihood for natural resource-dependent communities and energy conservation will also be considered,\" said a senior official from the environment department.Citizens must demonstrate an idea which is a new approach, involving the community or self-help groups. Street plays, short films, awareness camps and tree plantation proposals will not be considered. \"The social innovators should have the capacity to implement the idea and the idea should have the potential to continue beyond government funding,\" added the official.Most citizens' groups have welcomed the move but are skeptical about its implementation. \"Any initiative taken by the government in involving the community for preservation of the environment is welcome. However, involvement must be in the true spirit of partnership from both sides,\" said Indrani Malkani, secretary, Little Gibbs Road 1,2 and 3.Ashok Ravat, member, Shivaji Park ALM, said that the state government should not just fund projects, but should give incentives, by way of some concessions in property taxes, if a building helps conserve water or harvests rainwater or aims for zero garbage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12529943", "title": "Music mania at Hotel Samilton", "text": "It was bands galore at The Basement, Hotel Samilton, on a recent Sunday night.Curfew hours be damned as music lovers turned up in hordes to hear some of the city's top indie bands perform at the lounge bar.So while Crossroad, Hidden Identity and Bayroute went rock-n-roll, Silent Major chose to tread a different path and played classical fused with contemporary music.Thus while three friends, Sheena , Sudeshna and Mili, hung out together over chit-chat, snacks and a drink or two, we managed to speak to Sayan, from Singapore , who was in town on a vacation.He said, \"I am floored by the variety and range of indie music that the city is churning up. It's nice to see so many young musicians having a good time at such dos.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12525878", "title": "Army officers get clean chit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police said on Tuesday that defence ministry official Yashkar Sinha committed suicide after killing his wife Archana Sharma. Police, who had earlier registered a murder case, said they would soon send a report under Section 173 CrPC to court, explaining the circumstances of the deaths, after which the case would be 'abated'. They also maintained that the couple had very healthy relations and there was no reason for them to have fought. In fact, sources said, the couple had stepped out after dinner on Thursday night to have juice.Based on the circumstantial evidence and recoveries made from the flat, the cops tried to piece together the sequence of events. \"The couple spoke to Yashkar's sister around 11pm. The murder seems to have taken place early morning. He strangled Archana with her chunni and then burned himself, probably using a quilt, which was made of synthetic cloth, to wrap himself before lighting the automatic gas stove. We also found about 12 wrappers of different medicines such as painkillers which he might have consumed before burning himself, to lessen the pain,\" said a source.Cops have sent the viscera of the couple for further examination to ascertain whether one or both of them had taken the pills. Police earlier said the couple's Hudco Place home in south Delhi was locked from inside and cops had to break open a door to enter the place on Friday afternoon. The police found the bodies of Archana and Yashkar at separate place inside the house. They also recovered a note, apparently written by Yashkar, in which he said he was being pressured at work by senior Army officers and named two.On Tuesday, police gave a clean chit to them, saying Yashkar's superiors had been \"very nice\" to him.\"The postmortem report reveals that the woman died of strangulation. She has other injuries that have happened while she was being strangled. The husband committed suicide after killing her. There is no third party involved. There is no foul play. It looks like for now that financial constraints led to the incident,\" Bhagat said, adding that there were no injury other than burns on Yashkar's body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12526644", "title": "Protest disrupts traffic", "text": "KANPUR: Nearly two-hour protest by jewellers hit traffic at Bada Chauraha on Tuesday. Apart from commuters, the kids coming from schools and students going to appear in the board examinations were caught in the jam. The traffic on the Bada Chauraha and nearby areas came to a standstill for a couple of hours.\"I waited for more than 20 minutes to cross the road to reach Christ Church College,\" said a girl student.Even the students coming from schools on cycles, rickshaws and buses were witnessed sweating and exhausted in the scorching heat. Similar scenes were seen at Kidwai Nagar crossing. The traffic congestion for the residents of this area had become a routine affair due to the road digging work. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12524921", "title": "Dilip Pankule dropped from NCP observer post", "text": "NAGPUR: The internal war within the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) took a fresh turn when the state unit of party dropped ex-city president Dilip Pankule from the post of state observer in the new list it released on Tuesday. This move has come as a shot in the arm for the city unit president Ajay Patil who was himself the target of ire from partymen seeking his scalp for the party's dismal performance in NMC elections held in February.On Monday, Pankule, Anil Ahirkar and some other ward level leaders had held a meeting in the party office and moved a resolution demanding sacking of Patil. They said he had failed in leading the party's campaign and as a result party workers kept away from election work in NMC polls. The party could win only six of the 29 seats it contested.But surprisingly, instead of paying any heed to them, the NCP pradesh election officer dropped Pankule from the list of functionaries appointed to oversee organizational elections. He has been replaced by Rajendra Jain, MLC from Gondia, who has now been tasked to look after Nagpur district affairs. Interestingly, another dissident leader Vedprakash Arya has been spared and appointed as observer of Bhandara district unit of the party.A press release issued by Patil's supporters welcomed the party action against Pankule. They accused him of seeking cheap publicity by raising revolt in the party and violating party discipline. The release claimed that Patil enjoyed support from all party workers and senior leaders like Praful Patel , Anil Deshmukh and Ramesh Bang have already taken a decision to retain Patil as the city unit chief. Patil's supporters are now demanding expulsion of Pankule, Ahirkar and Arya from the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12527037", "title": "HC: CJ will recommend Lokayukta and deputies", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka High Court on Tuesday set aside the appointment of Justice Chandrashekaraiah as a Upa Lokayukta and declared that the names of those helming the state's anti-corruption watchdog - the Lokayukta and his two deputies - should emanate from the chief justice.A division bench comprising Justices N Kumar and H S Kempanna refused to stay its order nullifying the appointment of Justice Chandrashekaraiah, the second Upa Lokayukta, and directed the CM to expedite the appointment, saying the post cannot be kept vacant.\"It is patently clear that the process adopted by the chief minister before advising the governor for appointing Justice Chandrashekaraiah as a Upa Lokayukta was totally illegal and contrary to the law and constitutional provisions,\" the bench said.The court laid out a procedure for appointing the Lokayukta and his deputies. It said this has to be followed till the legislature amends the Karnataka Lokayukta Act, 1984, to formalize the same.\"If there is a vacancy for a Lokayukta or Upa Lokayukta post and the chief minister decides to fill it, he shall communicate the same to the chief justice by requesting him to suggest (or) recommend a suitable judge. There is no scope for a panel of names,\" the court said while allowing two petitions challenging the appointment of Justice Chandrashekaraiah.\"The chief justice, in turn, will collect necessary information by referring to the records available at the Supreme Court and various high courts... and acquaint himself by holding deliberations with regard to the judge he proposes to recommend, and intimate the same to chief minister,\" it said.\"On receipt of the same, the chief minister shall share the name with other constitutional functionaries who form part of the consultation process and hold the same in writing,\" the court added.\"The other constitutional functionaries... have two options: they can either agree and give consent, or disagree. Their dissent has to be respected. They have to inform the chief minister in writing, citing the reasons for their disagreement/dissent, if any. If there is no unanimity, the CM has to consider the reasons given by the consultees.\"If he finds that there is no substance in the objections of any of the other constitutional functionaries, he can overrule the same and proceed to advise the governor for appointing the judge chosen by the chief justice. In case the reasons for disagreement are justified, the chief minister has to bring the same to the notice of the chief justice and request him to suggest the name of another judge,\" the bench said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12525963", "title": "UPA insensitive to farmers\u2019 needs, says BJP", "text": "INDORE: Bharatiya Janata Party workers on Tuesday staged a rail roko on platform number 5 at Indore Railway Station in protest against the UPA government's step-motherly attitude towards the condition of the farmers in the country. MP (Indore) Sumitra Mahajan, city BJP unit chief Shankar Lalwani and Kisan Morcha representatives participated in the protest.\"The UPA government has been treating the farmers indifferently,\" said MP Sumitra Mahajan adding that it has been insensitive towards the demands of the farmers. She said that the farmers had demanded for Rs 1,800 per quintal as support price for wheat, but the Union government pegged the price at Rs 1,285 per quintal. Leaders urged the government to increase the support price of wheat by Rs 500 per quintal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12525444", "title": "Widow gets Rs 1 crore as compensation", "text": "NEW DELHI: The widow of a businessman, who died in a traffic accident in 2007, has been awarded over Rs 1 crore as compensation by the Delhi high court. HC enhanced the amount from Rs 44 lakh given by a road accident tribunal.Justice G P Mittal enhanced the compensation to the victim's wife Seema Madaan, dismissing a plea by ICICI Lombard General Insurance for its reduction from Rs 44 lakh, fixed by the Motor Accident Claims Tribunal ( MACT).\"The overall compensation is enhanced to Rs 1,01,92,302 which shall carry interest at the rate of 7.5% per annum as awarded by the tribunal. The enhanced compensation of Rs 58,12,302 with interest shall be deposited by the insurance company within 30 days with the registrar general of this court,\" the court said.Justice Mittal awarded the compensation, taking into account late Rajkumar Madaan's income tax return filed in the year 2006-2007 during which his income was more than Rs 9 lakh per annum.Claiming that the income of the deceased was increasing every year, the counsel for the victim's widow submitted to the court that his client's husband's paid higher income tax returns for the year 2004-2005, 2005-2006 and 2006-2007.The court also considered the lawyer's argument that there were four dependants on the deceased, including his 32-year-old unmarried sister at the time of his death in August 2007. He also submitted that neither his wife nor his sister was financially independent to bear the responsibility.Alongwith the insurance firm, the victim's wife too had approached the high court seeking enhancement of the compensation on the ground that the tribunal had failed to consider the income tax returns of the deceased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12526675", "title": "People advised to inform cops before going on vacation", "text": "COIMBATORE: People residing in urban and rural areas of Coimbatore, who plan to go on vacation, have been advised to inform the nearest police station so that the local patrol officers can keep a vigil on their homes during their absence.\"We have been collecting details of locked houses every day and making lists. Based on the list, our personnel are focussing on relevant areas during night patrol,\" said T Senthilkumar, deputy commissioner of police, Coimbatore. People have also been advised to keep valuables in bank lockers, he added. E S Uma, superintendent of police, Coimbatore district, also put out the same message.Police said vacationers should take basic precautions like curbing the delivery of milk and the newspaper. They also adviced not to leave any lights on, as lights left on during the day would indicate the house is empty, making it vulnerable to burglary. Neighbours can help residents keep a vigil and thus they should be informed about vacation plans, police suggested.Kavundampalayam, Edayarpalayam, Nallampalyam in Thudiyalur police limits, Teachers colony at Karamadai police limit, have been identified as crime prone areas and police are focussing more on these areas. \"If people are ready to join the police on their night rounds, they should approach the local police stations,\" said Uma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12528382", "title": "French scholar found dead in NYC hotel room", "text": "NEW YORK: The director of one of France's most prestigious colleges has been found dead in a New York City hotel room.New York Police Department spokesman Paul Browne says employees at The Michelangelo hotel in Manhattan found the nude body of Richard Descoings on Tuesday afternoon.Descoings served as the director of the Paris Institute of Political Studies. He was in his 50s.Browne says investigators are awaiting a medical examiner's report to determine the cause of the scholar's death. He says there's no evidence a crime was committed.The Paris institute is better known in France as Sciences Po. It's considered a training ground for France's political, media and administrative elite. Alumni include former President Jacques Chirac.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12527156", "title": "Dhananjay Kumar bats for Yeddyurappa", "text": "HUBLI: BJP leader V Dhananjay Kumar on Tuesday termed former minister B S Yeddyurappa unquestionable leader in the party and said the high command should give him a suitable position.Kumar told reporters in Haveri that the high command should find out a compromise formula to end the ongoing crisis in the state BJP.Admitting that there are some issues and confusion in the party, he urged the party leaders not to wash dirty linen in public. He alleged that the Congress leaders have failed to get more funds from the Central government to tackle the drought situation in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "12526944", "title": "Top Maoist surrenders", "text": "DHANBAD: Police announced the surrender of top Maoist and self-proclaimed area commander of Jamui-Banka zone HeeraYadav in Giridih on Tuesday. Inspector general Murali Lal Meena - before whom the Maoist leader surrendered - said Yadav, who was wanted in several cases of violence, surrendered with a rifle, ten cartidges and some money.He was said to have been attracted by Nayee Disha, the surrender and rehabilitation policy of the state police. Meena said the local police and the CRPF were making constant attempts to bring the Maoists back into the main stream and commended them on their success in persuading Yadav to surrender.Three other Maoists from the zone have already surrendered before the police. Yadav, the son of Bachu Yadav of Thansinghdih village, had recently been given the assignment and responsibility of Chanchal area. The area comprises Giridih's Deori, Tisri, Lokainayanpur and Gawna; Kodarma's Satgawna and Markaccho, Kaaukol of Nawada district; and Khaira and Sono of Jamui in Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12525449", "title": "Rural local crime branch seizes Indian-made foreign liquor worth Rs 7.7L", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Ahmedabad rural local crime branch (LCB) seized a stock of IMFL worth Rs 7.7 lakh from two godowns in Sarkhej on Tuesday evening on the basis of a tip-off. Police have started search for the local receiver of the stock.According to LCB officials, a team led by inspector D J Chavda raided Neelkanth Estate and Highway Estate in Sarkhej after receiving a tip-off that some of the Ahmedabad-based bootleggers receive their liquor through transport agencies by concealing bottles into other goods.\"Working on the information, we checked the iron barrels used for transport of crude and industrial oil in stock at both the godowns and found them full of wooden waste. After a thorough search, we found crates of liquor of brands such as Signature, Blender's Pride, Antiquity, Magic Moments and Teacher's concealed in the waste. In total, we seized 141 crates worth Rs 7.7 lakh,\" said an LCB official.Investigators said they identified the receiver as Jignesh Patel, a resident of Soundarya Apartment, Ghatlodia, who used to get the stock from northern states through transport agencies and then supply it in the city by smaller vehicles. Police have also seized a mini truck from the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12527265", "title": "500 Jain families prepare for Mahavir Jayanti", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Digambar Jain temple in Sector 27 and Shwetambar Jain temple in Sector 28 would soon be a sight difficult to miss. They are being decorated with lights and flowers, as the biggest festival of Jain community, Mahavir Jayanti, the birth anniversary of the 24th Tirthankar Bhagwan Mahavir, will be celebrated on Thursday.The Tricity has nearly 500 Jain families residing here, who will participate in the grand celebration at both the temples on April 5. Processions and religious discourses will mark the birth of the Jain apostle of peace Lord Mahavir. On the big day, the devotees will gather at the temple in the wee hours to give a bath to Mahavir. This would be followed by a two-hour-long puja and a cultural programme by children.After the programme, a 'Rath Yatra' would be taken out from Digamber Jain temple to Shwetambar Jain temple and back.Another Mahavir 'abhishek' would be done after the procession, which will be followed by a grand 'bhandara' at the Digambar temple. The celebrations will conclude with the evening Puja at the temple.Sandeep Jain, priest at the Digambar temple said, \"The clothes are ready and even the 'rath' (Chariot) is being cleaned and decorated. The celebrations are open for all. Nearly 1,200 Jains will participate in the celebrations. The devotees would be enlightened about Mahavir and Jainism.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12525723", "title": "Samples from four Bhopal kids sent for swine flu test", "text": "BHOPAL: Four samples from patients suffering with flu-like symptoms were sent to regional medicine and research laboratory (RMRL) Jabalpur for test. All the samples collected were from children who are suffering from pneumonia, according district chief medical and health officer (CMHO) Dr Pankaj Shulka.Dr Shukla said, \"It would have been a cause of alarm if more citizens were suspected for swine flu in the city.\" Out of the four samples, one was taken from Rainbow hospital at Jawahar Chowk. The suspected child is one and a half years old. The three other patients are from paediatrics ward in Hamidia hospital and are 9, 10 and 11 months old.Health ministry defines a swine flu suspect case as a person with an acute respiratory illness who had close contact with a confirmed or suspect case of swine influenza A (H1N1) virus infection. Health authorities are not taking any chances. The results of the samples are likely to be known on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kharagpur", "code": "12526368", "title": "Four-year-old raped by teen in Midnapore", "text": "KHARAGPUR: In yet another addition to Bengal's hall of shame - and perhaps the most appalling so far - a four-and-half-year-old girl was allegedly raped by a teenager who she looked up to as a brother. The incident took place in a West Midnapore village on Monday night.Having learnt their lesson from the recent rape cases where police have often been accused of acting insensitively or sloppily, Kharagpur Local police arrested the accused within hours of the victim's grandmother having lodged a complaint. Being a minor, the 15-year-old was produced before a juvenile court at Rangamati in Midnapore town and charged with rape. The court ordered that he be sent to a juvenile home.The prompt police action came a day after chief minister Mamata Banerjee assured the National Commission for Women that all incidents of rape in Bengal would be properly probed.The latest incident took place at Manikhola village in Kharagpur subdivision where the girl lives with her grandparents. Her parents live in Kumarpur village in Kotwali. On Monday night, the preschooler had just sat down with her books when the accused, a Class IX student of Manikhola High School and her neighbour, called her.The unsuspecting girl readily accompanied him to his house because he was like an elder brother to her. The boy's father, Sambhu, and her grandfather being very close friends , the little girl knew that the family was more than next-door neighbours.The weeping girl returned a while later and confined herself to a corner, where her grandmother found her. The 55-year-old woman immediately asked her what was wrong and the little girl told her what had happened. The shocked grandmother left for Kharagpur Local police station at once and lodged a complaint against the accused.The teenager was arrested from his home at daybreak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12524910", "title": "Fake currency widespread in Naxal areas: Govt", "text": "MUMBAI: Home minister RR Patil on Tuesday informed the House that the menace of fake notes was increasing in the country and a lot of such currency was circulated in Naxal-affected areas like Gadchiroli in state. He was replying to a calling attention motion by MLC Jayant Patil in the legislative council.Blaming neighbouring countries for circulating fake notes in India, the minister said that the money was routed through Bangladesh. \"The influx of fake notes from the neighbouring country is aimed at destabilizing the nation's economy,\" he told the Upper House.Patil however said that the Maharashtra police had been successful in detecting such notes and the gangs circulating it. He added that the state was working closely with central intelligence agencies and so far 241 persons had been arrested in this regard and their bank accounts were also sealed.He however advised banks to use hi-tech gadgets to detect such notes. He added that all over India fake notes worth Rs 96.38 crore had been seized and state police were making efforts to stop the circulation of fake notes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12525855", "title": "\u2018Badhai\u2019 tip led to baby swap at Jodhpur hospital", "text": "JAIPUR: The lure of 'badhai' tip paid by parents of a newborn male child to the hospital staff seems to have led to baby swap at Jodhpur's government-run Umaid Hospital nine days ago.A baby girl was born to Poonam Kanwar. To extort money from her family, the Umaid Hospital staff handed her a baby boy. After about two hours, the boy was taken away from Poonam and she was told that she had given birth to a girl.\"Some members of the hospital staff rushed to us saying Poonam had given birth to a baby boy. They demanded 'badhai' tip. They said all parents blessed with a baby boy pay the tip,\" said Kailash Kanwar, Poonam's relative. He was with her at the time of delivery.Later, it was found that the boy was born to Reshmi Devi while Poonam had a girl at Umaid Hospital on March 25. But the staff gave the boy to Poonam. After the boy was taken away from her, she was flummoxed. Both Poonam and Reshmi claimed the boy.Hospital superintendent Dr Narendra Chhangani said that a notice for disciplinary action was sent to the hospital employees for negligence. \"An inquiry has been ordered. Action will be taken if allegations are proved,\" said Chhangani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12526099", "title": "HC confirms life term for 80-year-old man", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa recently upheld the life imprisonment sentence imposed by the trial court on 80-year-old Raghunath Sitaram Naik for killing his 65-year-old wife Satyawati at Mencurem in 2007 after she allegedly refused to have sex with him.The prosecution alleged that on August 11, 2007, the accused assaulted Satyawati in their bedroom and she subsequently died due to the injuries.The investigating officer had deposed before the trial court that the motive behind the offence was the deceased's refusal to entertain her husband's sexual advances. The additional sessions court had convicted Naik of murder. The accused had challenged the punishment given to him before the high court.During the hearing in the HC, Ryan Menezes appearing for Naik argued that the accused had not intended to kill his wife. He pointed out that no weapon was used to assault Satyawati. Public prosecutor CA Ferreira argued that the accused had pleaded guilty to the charge and this was an additional factor that strengthened the prosecution's case. Ferreira said Raghunath and Satyawati were the only persons in the house at the time of the incident, which proved that the accused had caused the injuries.Confirming the sentence imposed under Section 302 of IPC, a division bench comprising Justice SC Dharmadhikari and Justice UV Bakre said, \"Looking at the nature of the injuries caused to the deceased, it can be easily understood that the accused had brutally assaulted the deceased by inflicting on her injuries which he knew to be so imminently dangerous that they would in all probability cause death.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12526659", "title": "Students to face class 10 exams today", "text": "COIMBATORE: After facing an academic year that was plagued with delay and disruption due to confusion over Samacheer Kalvi syllabus implementation and excess fee issues, as many as 53,399 students from 482 schools are expected to appear for their class tenth exam on Wednesday.The first Samacheer Kalvi public examination will be held at 147 centres in Coimbatore revenue district. The education department has claimed to have made all arrangements to ensure that the exams are conducted in a fair and transparent manner.\"We have taken all necessary steps to ensure that students can write their exams in a stress-free atmosphere,\" said T Rajendran, Chief Education Officer, Coimbatore.On the eve of the exam, most students seemed confident and ready to face the exams.They seem to have overcome the initial confusion regarding a change in syllabus in the beginning of the academic year. They had to work hard to catch up with lost time, but after the practice exams, they are well -prepared.S Harikrishnan, a class 10 student of Sowdeshwari Vidyalaya Selvapuram said he had completed his revision well in advance and was just revising important topics on Tuesday evening.However, some parents were concerned about the syllabus confusion in the beginning of the academic year and the subsequent delay in the arrival of the textbooks.\"Students had to slog this year as their classes began late. Besides, their daily revision cycle was disrupted due to frequent power outages in the last two months. But I am confident that my son will make us proud,\" said H Sourirajan, a central government employee.Most city schools have been conducting remedial classes and extra coaching sessions for students weak in academics, to ensure they score well. School authorities are confident that students will perform well this year. As always, model exams were conducted to give students enough practice and prepare them for the finals.\"We are expecting good results from this batch. We have been conducting extra coaching classes during the weekend,\" said PV Antony, Principal, Suguna RIP V School, CoimbatoreThe district education department will deploy a squad to detect any fraudulent activities. T Rajendran said that all necessary arrangements have been put in place.\"Around 53,399 students are appearing for the exams in Coimbatore. Among them 24,922 are boys and 24,872 are girls. In addition, 3606 students are appearing for the exams privately,\" he said.The DEO of Coimbatore Education district, R Balamurali said that incidents of copying have been reported in previous exams.\"The five year ban from writing exams is itself a strong deterrent to copying. Besides we have a squad in place to detect cheating,\" Balamurali added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12527323", "title": "Elected members flex muscles, stall projects", "text": "PUNE: The demolition of the median on the Bus Rapid Transit System route in Hadapar is not the only example of elected representatives damaging public projects to ride the popularity wave.Many corporators , across parties , have stalled work on BRTS roads across the city , thrashed private employees working on garden projects , punctured medians on Baner and Ganeshkhind roads and threatened water department employees.\"This trend of corporators hindering public projects is a cause for concern . Common citizens can sense a complete break down of governance in the city . The civic administration seems to be defunct ,\" Major General S C N Jatar (retd ) told TOI. Senior party leaders must ask their cadre and corporators to behave responsibly, he added .\"The civic administration has shut its eyes to all issues. Many roads in the city have punctured medians , leading to more accidents . Supporters of corporators indulge in breaking barriers , medians and speed breakers. The corporators first submit a memorandum to the PMC and then take actions themselves . Hence , the PMC is aware who the culprit is, but no action is taken ,\" Surajya Sangharsh Samiti president Vijay Kumbhar said.Recently , artisans working on the PMC's project to create miniatures of the seven wonders at the Yashwantrao Chavan garden in Sahakarnagar , were thrashed by a Shiv Sena corporator.\"Before delimitation , this area was in my ward and I had started this project . The Shiv Sena corporator stopped work which was nearing completion ,\" Congress corporator Aba Bagul said . A case was registered against the Sena corporator at Parvati Darshan police chowky.A former deputy mayor , who was defeated in February 2012, civic elections stalled the work of BRTS on Sinhagad road . He threatened civic officials of 'serious consequences' if they executed the plan . Predictably , work has come to a standstill.Some corporators asked citizens not to segregate garbage . \"They feel the PMC should do it on its own as citizens pay tax . It is difficult to understand this logic as the PMC's mission is to achieve 100 per cent segregation seems more difficult,\" Nationalist Congress Party MP and city president Vandana Chavan said . Jatar confirmed that the local corporator had stalled garbage segregation in Sadashiv Peth.Corporators oppose projects as many want their organisations employed in garbage segregation . \"This proposal is pending before the general body , \" a senior civic official said .\"It is difficult. If a particular officer takes action or opposes the corporators' moves , he or she is targeted in the GB meetings . So , no officer wants to take the politicians head on ,\" another senior official , who had faced the wrath of elected representatives for initiating reforms in PMC's recruitment process , said .The PMC's staff including sweepers and chaviwallas (who release water by turning the locks in water chambers at ward levels ) have to follow corporators' orders .\"There is pressure from corporators to release more water in their wards . Others threaten us if water supply is low in their locality ,\" a chaviwala from Bibvewadi said . \"Our corporator wants the locality around her house cleaned first ,\" said a sweeper from Kothrud area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12525310", "title": "Midair scare: Gilani plane makes emergency landing", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan PM Yousaf Raza Gilani, several federal ministers and a senior army general had a narrow escape on Tuesday when their aircraft made emergency landings in two separate incidents, causing a minor scare. A special aircraft carrying Gilani and other federal ministers made an emergency landing shortly after taking off from a military airbase in Rawalpindi.The aircraft, which was going to Sukkur in Sindh province, returned to Chaklala airbase shortly after take-off and made an emergency landing as it had developed technical problems, TV news channels quoted officials as saying. All persons on board the aircraft, including Gilani and information minister Firdous Ashiq Awan, were safe, officials said.The pilot informed the control tower of technical problems and then made the emergency landing.The PM and other ministers were on their way to Sindh to participate in special events to be held on Wednesday to mark death anniversary of president Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto .In the other incident, a Pakistan army general and other personnel had a narrow escape when a military helicopter made an emergency landing after developing technical problems.No hurry to reopen Nato routes: PMPakistan PM Yousaf Raza Gilani has said his government is in no hurry to reopen the Nato supply routes that were closed after a cross-border air strike last year and that a decision on the issue will be made only after evolving consensus among political parties. Gilani made the remarks during an interaction with reporters on board his special plane while flying back to Pakistan from China on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12526563", "title": "Cops resort to lathicharge as employees clash near mall", "text": "JAIPUR: The police had to resort to lathicharge when a few employees of a mall in Adarsh Nagar police station area allegedly clashed with employees of Bharati Wal-Mart's Easy Day outlet over an old dispute, officials said. Police said that Easy Day had shut its outlet from the mall and was trying to collect its items from its outlet there when the clash took place.\"Over the pendency of some payment, there had been a dispute between the administration of Easy Day and Pink Square mall. The Easy Day officials had approached the police with a high court order which had permitted them to vacate their perishable items from the mall. However, the mall employees were objecting to it,\" said Surya Veer Singh, incharge of Adarsh Nagar police station.He added that the employees of the Easy Day had tried to vacate the outlet on Monday also, but they were not allowed following which an FIR was lodged. \"On Tuesday, a police team went with the Easy Day employees despite that they were not allowed to take the items on the pretext that no entry pass was secured. When the situation looked like going out of control, the police had to use mild force and disperse the crowd which had gathered there,\" said the officer. He added that a court complaint will be filed for disrupting government work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12526058", "title": "Three held for stabbing woman, son", "text": "INDORE: Three persons have been arrested for allegedly stabbing a woman and her son in Vijay Nagar area on Tuesday morning. The previous night, the victims had raised objection to conducting a party on the apartment premises, where they lived.One of the accused was arrested from the spot, while two others were arrested, said police. Vijay Nagar police station in-charge Kamal Jain said that one Ankur Parikh and his mother Sarita Parikh, who were stabbed, are recuperating at a hospital.They are living at Manali Apartment in Vijay Nagar area. \"Ankur objected to the party being organised in the building and he lodged a complaint with the cops, who were patrolling in the area on Monday night,\" Jain said.He said that the three accused identified as Kailash, Ankush and Kaluram, in a fit of rage barged into the house of Ankur for lodging complaint with police and allegedly stabbed him and his mother. The neighbours soon gathered in front of their flat hearing the cries of mother-son duo. Police rushed both the victims to a private hospital, where they are said to be recuperating.The three accused tried to escape after the incident, but a cop of 'Baaz Squad' caught Kailash first from the apartment while Ankush and Kaluram were arrested later on Tuesday.Ankush is an engineering student at Acropolis Engineering College and his mother is an employee with Dugdh Sangh, Manglia.Police have registered an offence of attempt to murder against the trio and sent them to jail after producing them in a court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12525459", "title": "Central Railway commuters see red as new Automatic ticket vending machines go blank", "text": "MUMBAI: Automatic ticket vending machines (ATVMs) are becoming a major headache for Central Railway (CR). The touch screen occasionally turns blank inconveniencing commuters who wish to purchase tickets.Around 75 new machines were installed at stations beyond Kalyan and on the Trans-harbour line.Some ATVMs were also to be installed at the junction of skywalks and foot-overbridges. The central processing unit (CPU) of an ATVM is fitted with cooling fans for \"heat dissipation\". \"Due to excessive heat, ATVM screens go blank. Additional fans will be installed to ensure temperature control. We hope to complete the process within a fortnight.\"Most of these machines were installed at Airoli, Rabale and Ghansoli stations that have witnessed nearly 40% growth in passengers annually, but lacked the ATVM facility.ATVMs have also been installed at Diva, Kasara, Karjat, Titwala and Khopoli stations. CR commuters find it tedious to purchase tickets, since they have to wait in queues to buy coupon validating machine (CVM) booklets.\"CR should allow smartcard holder to purchase coupon booklets without queuing up till the problem is resolved,\" said Rabale resident Anand Sharma.There are around 428 booking windows across the CR network and nearly 10 lakh tickets are sold daily. Nearly 1.1 lakh tickets are dispensed through ATVMs.Nearly 10 lakh tickets are sold on the Central Railway of these 1.1 lakh tickets are dispensed through ATVMs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12527197", "title": "Smuggling kingpin on the run held", "text": "MUMBAI: Red sanders smuggling kingpin Ajit Satam was picked up by officials of the crime branch and directorate of revenue intelligence from Santa Cruz on Monday night. One of the nine mobile phones found on him costs Rs 9 lakh, sources said.Satam was on the run since the state government, on the DRI's application, ordered his detention in March to prevent him from smuggling . The detention order to lodge him in jail for one year was issued under the Conservation of Foreign Exchange and Prevention of Smuggling Activities Act.Satam and his key aide, Deepak Jare, had moved the Bombay HC against their detention orders which came up for hearing on Tuesday. Since Satam was already detained, the court directed him to modify the petition. Jare's case has been posted to April 11.The DRI said that Satam, Jare and their associates smuggled red sanders to Dubai from where it was sent to other countries . In September, 2011, the DRI seized 13 containers with 200 tonne red sanders worth Rs 50 crore at JNPT. This was followed by seizure of 45 metric tonne red sanders from a godown in Kolhapur. The DRI said that Satam made a profit of Rs 2 crore from the sale of one container of red sanders.Satam, a resident of Dadar, had been arrested for smuggling in the past too. He owned eight vehicles, including Bentley , Ferrari , Mercedes, BMW and Volkswagen Passat . DRI said that he carried out smuggling activities from a 5-star hotel where he had hired a room for a year. Satam's syndicate would pose as buyers and place orders with suppliers of items like mango pulp. After the goods' delivery, the gang would empty the containers , stash them with red sanders and seal then with duplicate bottle seals to escape checks at the port.Involved in last week's red sanders case?The Customs seized 11 tonnes of red sanders from a container last week at JNPT. The exports were made by an Ankleshwar-based trading house, saying it contained butadiene rubber. The company later said the consignment did not belong to them and the documents were forged. Sources said Satam could be involved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12527126", "title": "Thousands witness jathra", "text": "MYSORE: A sea of devotees took part in the famed Dodda Jathra Mahotsava at Nanjangud on Tuesday.The annual car festival started before dawn with special pujas at the ancient Srikantheshwara Temple, and culminated around 7.30 am. Five chariots, led by Gauthama Ratha, were pulled by thousands of devotees, who started to trickle in at the temple town since Monday.The priests, led by Neelakanta Dixit, performed rituals to the five chariots -- Ganapathi Ratha, Gautama Ratha, Parvathiamma Ratha, Subrahmanya Ratha and Chandikeshava Ratha -- between 5.40am and 6.40am during Meena Lagna. Later, devotees pulled the 60-foot, 150-tonne Gauthama Ratha which carried the idol of presiding deity Lord Srikantheshwara.As the main chariot led the procession, the other four followed it through the Ratha Beedi (car street) and went around the temple, a protected monument of Archaeological Survey of India. The annual Dodda Jathra will culminate with Theppotsava on the banks of Kapila river on Thursday from 7pm.Nanjangud taluk administration has made special arrangements to attend to the milling crowd, including makeshift toilets and changing rooms on the banks of the river. KSRTC had pressed additional buses to cater to the rush, while the district police have thrown a security ring around the temple. Emergency services, complete with fire tenders and ambulances, have also been put in place. The doctors have been posted at the medical centre opened temporarily for the purpose.District minister S A Ramdas and former Union minister and Nanjangud MLA V Srinivasa Prasad attended the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "12526765", "title": "Traffic at Kangra airport to increase from 1 to 3 flights daily", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Air traffic on the picturesque airdrome in Kangra which is also one of the largest airports of this state increased this week with Kingfisher Airlines operating two flights daily between Kangra and Delhi, from the previous one. In fact the traffic will increase at the airport by this month-end with another airline starting a daily fight from here, which would make it the most well connected airport in the state.Soon there will be three flights daily from the airport, two to Delhi 2 and another that would connect Kangra with Chandigarh and Amritsar.Kingfisher Airlines might have closed its counters in various parts of the country but from this week the company has doubled its flights from Kangra airport to Delhi.Religare Aviation Company is going to start its daily flight for Chandigarh and Amritsar by this month- end. They have recruited their staff, while their office set-up is coming up on the airport.\"Presently, we have two flights daily from Kangra to Delhi and these are scheduled at 12.35 in the noon and 4.40 in the evening. Religare is also going to start its service for which preparations are on,\" said Kuldeep Sharma, airport director.He said that incidents of bird hits have been reduced after preventive measures were taken by the airport staff for safer take-off and landing of aircraft. Before every landing and takeoff, staff has been burning crackers all along the runway to drive away birds.\"From December 2011 till March this year we have not had any incidents of bird hits. Patrolling is carried out before the arrival of the aeroplanes and also before take off,\" said Kuldeep Sharma.Tourists and locals, while terming it as a good initiative said that it would be if a good facility if the airport is well connected to the rest of the country.People have also said that in the light of the upcoming tourist season, the government should also ask for subsidy in air fare from the Central government.\"It's a good sign that three daily flights will start from here. It will not only help tourists but would also be beneficial for patients who have to be taken to other places in times of emergencies. Our MPs who are sitting in Delhi should demand subsidy in air fare for people living in the hilly areas,\" said Brij Mohan, a local businessman here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12526561", "title": "Rowdy auto drivers run riot", "text": "KOLKATA: The administration's warning went unheeded as autorickshaw drivers held the city to ransom for a second consecutive day to protest against the rise in LPG price. Auto drivers withdrew their vehicles from the roads and went on the rampage at Ultadanga and Behala on Tuesday morning. Roads were blocked for two hours at a dozen locations, vehicles ransacked and passengers dragged off buses.Thousands of commuters across the city and Salt Lake were left stranded in the morning and evening peak-hours as buses ran packed and taxis were hard to come by. The same torment may be in store on Wednesday as well.With ministers in the government seeing a \"CPM conspiracy\" behind the hooliganism, Trinamool Congress MLA Paresh Pal stormed into a road blockade at Ultadanga along with a group of supporters and launched an all-out attack on the protesters. He slapped a few auto drivers and forced at least one of them do sit-ups. As Kolkatans wondered which was worse - the rowdism by auto drivers or the shocking sight of a lawmaker taking the law into his hands (the footage was beamed live on TV) - there were signs that the worst wasn't over.The trouble started at Ultadanga when auto-operators blocked the busy intersection at 10am. Stones were pelted at buses and passengers forced to get off. Police tried to chase away the demonstrators but failed. That is when Paresh Pal muscled into the melee. Police joined Pal's army and the demonstrators were finally removed.Pal, though, claimed that he had merely come to the rescue of commuters who were being attacked by auto-drivers. \"People were being pulled down from buses and beaten up. Had we not acted, more passengers might have been assaulted,\" argued Pal.There was violence in Behala, too. The four-point crossing was blocked and no auto plied on any of the eight routes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12525891", "title": "Roots bring this UK chiropractor to heal Ludhianvis", "text": "LUDHIANA: Her touch is therapeutic and she's busy relieving pain of others for the last two days at a free medical treatment camp at Lodhi Club. Many have returned from the camp better, but no one really knows why this UK-based chiropractor, Dr Monica Handa, is here.It's her commitment that has brought her to city. She had always wanted to come back to her roots to serve her own people. The daughter of a businessman in UK, Jang Bahadur Handa, Monica, 41, treated people for lower back pain , neck pain, arm and leg problems besides headache. She was overwhelmed seeing the response of Ludhianvis and hopes to open a healing centre in the city, where she spent a few early years of her life.Born in UK as her parents had moved to UK in 1960s. In 1979 they came back to Ludhiana and her father started a dairy farm and admitted her to Sacred Heart Convent School in Sarabha Nagar. For three years they stayed in the Old Bazaar of the city, but as the business didn't flourish, her parents flew back to London leaving her with her grandparents. After six months, she too joined them in UK.Much in love with her country, Monica got married to an English man in 1999 but chose Chandigarh as her wedding venue that hosted people from Punjab and Europe as well.''After spending so many years in UK, I thought it was time to pay back to my city. So I came here especially for the camp. Seeing the awesome response, I have decided to return again next year. I am also thinking of opening a healing centre in the city,'' Monica said. She said in the West, people opt for ayurvedic or homeopathic way, but Indians still prefer allopathy. ''I wanted to tell people of my country that many problems can be solved through healing touch,'' she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12529155", "title": "Salim-Javed throw royalty spanner in Zanjeer remake", "text": "Mirror had reported about Salim Khan and Javed Akhtar being miffed with producer Amit Mehra, late Prakash Mehra's son, for not taking them into confidence about his Zanjeer remake.However, the scriptwriters are now taking their battle to an altogether different level, even as the film is slated to go on floors on April 13. Mirror can tell you that the duo are now demanding royalty for their script, which friends of the Mehra's don't view kindly.It was last week that Amit first met Salim Khan followed by Javed Akhtar. A source close to the remake said, \"The meeting with both writers passed off peacefully but both were clear that Amit will have to shell out a substantial sum of money if he wants their Zanjeer script re-translated on celluloid.\"Mehra confirmed the news and said, \"Yes, I met both of them at their respective homes. I am taking their blessings.\" When probed about the royalty the writers are demanding, he did not deny, adding, \"I am meeting them again soon.\"He continued, \"Zanjeer is my father's legacy. I have completed all the requisite legal modalities with my brothers Sumeet and Puneet, who are the other two legal heirs of Prakash Mehra Productions for the rights to remake the film. Although I have met all those who have played a pivotal part in the original Zanjeer to seek their blessings which includes Amit uncle, Jaya aunty, Salim uncle, Javed Saab and Pran Saab. All of them are seniors and I cannot imagine starting the film without their blessing and good wishes...\"Meanwhile, Salim Khan denied he had met Mehra recently. However he agreed the main bone of contention was the moolah. He said very candidly, \"We are not doing charity. It's a business. There is a copyright. If they give us the price, we will definitely give our permission. We had sold the right to Prakash Mehra for making the film once, not over and over again. Five years ago, we charged Rs 1crore from Excel Entertainment and director and co-producer Farhan for the Don remake, and now these people are making it in two languages.\"About the remake, he said, \"Zanjeer is such a tight script. They don't have to do anything. It's reasonable enough that when you are making a film to make money, its original authors should also get their dues. If they are using our work after almost four decades, they should give us certain remuneration. The ball is in their court now.\" Salim Khan also pointed out that when Prakash Mehra made Zanjeer, he made a lot of money and started his own production house so there was no way the Mehra's were getting off lightly even now.When contacted, Javed Akhtar said, \"Please excuse me for now. I am in a meeting. I shall speak to you later.\" It is surprising that not so long ago, Javed had led a bunch of music directors and singers to rally against producers on the very same issue of royalty.A close friend of Amit told us, \"Prakash Mehra paid Salim-Javed very well for all the films they wrote for him. It is strange these very people are now blocking his son in his endeavour to once again flag off his father's production house.\"To be directed by Apoorva Lakhia, the neo Zanjeer will be produced by Reliance Entertainment, Adai Mehra Productions and Flying Turtle Films.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12527218", "title": "Malvinder out, Sandhu leads golf club race", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The elections to the post of president and 11-member executive committee of the Chandigarh Golf Club scheduled for April 22 promises to be a lively affair with a string of candidates filing their nominations on Tuesday, the last day for doing so.Top Punjab IAS officer and financial commissioner (development) Gurinderjit Sandhu, who is due to retire next March, has filed his nomination for the president's office for a fifth term. The road was cleared for Sandhu after outgoing president Malvinder Singh finally decided not to stand for a second term running.Sandhu is facing opposition from Lt Col (retd) J S Panag, who lost to Malvinder in 2011, veteran professional golfer and coach, Simran Singh, and Lt Col (retd) Harpreet Singh. The last date for withdrawal of nominations is April 8.In last year's elections to the executive panel, there were only 14 candidates in fray, while this time there are 21. These include Sandeep Sandhu, Col (retd) Sardool Gill, Col (retd) Iqbal Singh, Col (retd) B S Rangi, Col (retd) Mohan Singh, Col (retd) Surinder Singh, Parvinder Singh Takkar, Harpreet Singh, Satwant Singh Sandhu, Col (retd) Roopinder Brar, Anil Gakhar, Brig (retd) H S Gill, Col (retd) J S Pannu, Virendra Sharma, J S Randhawa, Col (retd) Hardev Mann, Arvind Bajaj, Manpreet Waraich, Marine Capt Gurdev Bajwa and Jaspal Sidhu.The Government of India's Department of Personnel and Training imposes strict conditions on members of the All India Services contesting elections to clubs. These includes the clause that activities of the golf club should not affect the officer's official duties; that the officer refrain from collection of funds from official/non-official sources for promotion of sports at all levels; he should seek permission of the Government if he is to travel abroad or within India in connection with golf club activities; and that he does not hold office as president for more than four years or one term, whichever is less.Since Sandhu has been president for four terms of one year each, the last condition has raked up controversy in the golfing circles as opinion is divided over whether service rules allow Sandhu to stand for a fifth term. However, the bureaucrats' lobby argues that the condition does not bind Sandhu to one term and it only stipulates the requirement of seeking permission every time elections are contested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12526212", "title": "Educational institutes default on property tax", "text": "HYDERABAD: Around 88 schools and colleges in East Godavari district have evaded property tax to the tune of Rs 20 crore. Worse, the district administration has failed to act on the erring institutions for years now.These facts were revealed when a local activist filed an RTI query seeking information on tax evasion by the educational institutions. As per the information furnished by the district panchayat office of East Godavari district, these institutions have been evading property tax for a long time.Of the five divisions in the district, Rajahmundry tops the list with 22 educational institutions owing Rs 7 crore as property tax to the district administration. While in the Amalapuram division, there are 35 defaulters who have to collectively pay Rs 4 crore, there are 13 such institutions in the Peddapuram division that owe about Rs 4.6 crore. Similarly, in Kakinada there are 17 institutions and one in the Rampachodavaram division, which have to pay Rs 2.8 crore and Rs 1.1crore respectively. The figures are as per the latest estimates for the year 2011-12.The RTI query was filed by P Venkatramu last month. The response to the query revealed that while the district administration was well aware of the situation, it seemed to have looked the other way.So grave is the situation that the state government had recently even sent a circular to the district administration to collect the pending taxes and made it clear that these educational institutions did not deserve exemption.L Sridhar Reddy, district panchayat officer, East Godavari district said, \"We have served demand notices about two months back to those institutions who have failed to pay property tax and if they fail to do so soon we may move court for further action.\"Asked why the administration failed to act all these years, Sridhar Reddy said, \"Some educational institutions did not pay the tax as they were under the impression that they were exempted from it while others moved court seeking relief.But all this is a matter of past as the court has directed them to pay up the tax. We have also done fresh tax assessment of these institutions and we are working towards taking action against them.\"However, Venkatramu, who had filed the RTI query, blamed the corrupt officials for the present situation, \"When individual citizens do not pay the property tax, officials waste no time in collecting taxes from them by serving notices. But these corporate educational institutions have been left out of the tax net. This is happening because most of the institutions are run by influential people including political leaders.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12525438", "title": "SC orders states to notify tiger reserve buffer zone in 3 months", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday directed the state governments to demarcate and notify buffer zone around each tiger reserves within three months, an order that would regulate commercialization of revenue land around these tiger habitats to help preserve the endangered species.A bench of Justices Dalveer Bhandari and Dipak Misra passed this order after the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) informed that about 15 tiger reserves were yet to have the benefit of buffer zone to be notified by the state governments under the Wild Life (Protection) Act.The Act defines buffer zone as the area peripheral to the critical tiger habitat or core area providing supplementary habitat for dispersing tigers, besides offering scope for co-existence of human activity. The limits of the buffer/ peripheral areas are to be determined on the basis of scientific and objective criteria in consultation with the Gram Sabha and an Expert Committee constituted for the purpose.A petition by conservationist Ajay Dubey had demanded removal commercial tourism activities out of core or critical tiger habitat in the tiger reserves. The bench felt the purpose would be served by asking the states to compulsorily declare the \"core\" and \"buffer\" areas.Though many states had complied with the core area notification, the buffer zone notification was missing in key tiger reserves of Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Andhra Pradesh, Arunachal Pradesh, Jharkhand, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Maharashtra and Bihar.Issuing notice to the defaulting states, the bench said, \"We direct all concerned states to notify the buffer/peripheral area as required under the Act as expeditiously as possible and in all event within a period of three months.\"The erring tiger reserves included Ranthambore (Rajasthan), Panna (Madhya Pradesh), Sariska (Rajasthan), Dudhwa (Uttar Pradesh), Palamau (Jharkhand), Anamalai, Mudumalai and Kalakad-Mudanthurai (Tamil Nadu), Nagarhole (Karnataka), Sahyadri (Maharashtra), Valmiki (Bihar), and Pakke (Arunachal Pradesh).The Court noted that an expert committee of NTCA under the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) is expected to submit a report on framing of guidelines relating to eco-tourism in and around tiger reserves. The committee is expected to cover issues related to restrictions on tourism-related activities to be carried out in the buffer areas while keeping core tiger habitat \"inviolate\".NTCA's advocate Wasim A Quadri said the committee would submit a report by May 16. The matter was posted for hearing next on July 10. Welcoming the SC order, senior advocate Raj Panjwani, who was assisting as amicus curiae, said it would go a long way in protection and preservation of tiger reserves.By this order, the states were required to delineate the fringe/buffer area around the core zones of tiger reserves, and submit a tiger conservation plan as required under Section 38V of the Wild Life Protection Amendment Act, 2006, to ensure wildlife conservation while addressing the livelihood issues of local people.The buffer zone constituted of fringe areas of tiger reserve up to a radial distance of 10 km, which had in the past witnessed large scale construction of hotels, mass tourism, and night safaris - all disturbing the roaming of wild animals at night in search of corridors.The National Tiger Conservation Authority had said that the fringe areas had corridor value and their ecological sustainability was important to prevent the area from becoming ecological sinks on account of overuse of resources and unwise land use.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12524810", "title": "Adarsh housing scam: 2 IAS officers held, heat is up on 3 ex-CMs", "text": "MUMBAI: The Central Bureau of Investigation on Tuesday arrested two senior bureaucrats-former Mumbai civic chief Jairaj Phatak and former Maharashtra information commissioner Ramanand Tiwari-in connection with the Adarsh housing society scam, taking the tally of people taken into custody to nine. The central agency has listed 14 people, including former chief minister Ashok Chavan , as accused in its first information report filed last January.Interrogations of two of the society's arrested promoters, sources said, have revealed that two other ex-Maharashtra CMs were offered four or five of the total 30 benami flats in the building. But before the transfer could take place, the scam was exposed. Investigating agencies say many of the approximate 30 benami flats in the Colaba high-rise belong to politicians, bureaucrats and army men.When Phatak and Tiwari were summoned for questioning to the CBI's headquarters at Tanna House at 9.30am, the two bureaucrats seemed scarcely surprised. Sources said that Phatak asked the agency's sleuths whether he should have brought along his clothes, while Tiwari accepted the offer to break for lunch. The two bureaucrats' questioning went on for seven hours before they were formally arrested at 6pm.Phatak was till recently the secretary of the statutory development board for the rest of Maharashtra. He was suspended on March 23 for alleged involvement in the Adarsh scam. He has been accused of allowing the building to rise to over 100 metres as Mumbai's civic chief without, as per the rules, showing the proposal first to the state high-rise committee. His son is a member of the society.Tiwari was the state information commissioner when he was suspended by the government in January 2011, again for alleged involvement in the scam. According to the CBI FIR, as principal secretary in the urban development department, Tiwari conspired to transfer FSI from the adjacent BEST land to Adarsh so that the building's height could be increased to 103.6 metres. His son too has an apartment in Adarsh.Maj Gen (retd) T K Kaul, general officer commanding (GOC) of Maharashtra, Gujarat and Goa area, is allegedly among those who own many flats-three, according to arguments made by the CBI in court-in the Colaba high-rise. Besides an apartment in his name, Kaul allegedly acquired a flat each in the name of his grandniece and his former ADC, Captain A P Singh. Kaul was arrested on March 20.Kaul's predecessor, former GOC Maj Gen (retd) A R Kumar, meanwhile, has ostensibly admitted making a mistake in granting a No-Objection Certificate that paved the way for the land's allotment to the society. He said he was misled because the plot was not formally recorded in the military's land records, sources said. That is the reason he trusted R C Thakur, a former employee of the Defence Estates Office, when the latter claimed that the plot belonged to the state. According to sources, Kumar expressed regret, saying that he would not have granted the NOC had he known that the issue would become so serious.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12525889", "title": "Prohibitory orders in Neemuch after clash", "text": "BHOPAL: Prohibitory orders were clamped in Baghana area after eight persons sustained injuries in a stone pelting incident.It occured during the \"bandh\" called by right wing groups demanding that a priest should be cleared of murder charge in Neemuch district of Madhya Pradesh.The violence erupted after some members of right wing organisations, including Bajrang Dal, allegedly went to a place of worship and shouted slogans at Baghana area.The members of the other community felt offended, which led to heated argument and subsequent stone throwing between the two groups.Police resorted to lathi -charge to quell the mob and to bring situation under control.A heavy police force has been deployed in the area.\"We have imposed section 144 of CrPC in Baghana police station area,\" Neemuch Collector Lokesh Jatav told ToI over phone.The right wing groups had organised the bandh to mount pressure on the police to drop murder charge against priest Trilok Pandey. He has been booked for allegedly injuring and killing a mentally unwell person on March 12.\"Situation is now under control and all efforts are underway to restore normalcy in the area,\" Neemuch Superintendent of Police T Amongla Aier said.She said police had to resort to mild caning but no one was seriously injured in the incident.About the priest's involvement in the murder, the SP said investigations were underway in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12526754", "title": "Highway robbers target trucks coming from other states: Cops", "text": "KANPUR: Criminal gangs are now targeting drivers and cleaner of goods laden trucks and trailers on the highways.Two incidents in quick succession with the disturbing facts that the criminals had looted the consignments and murdered the truck drivers and cleaners by spiking their drinks and eatables, have added to the woes of the already under-staffed police. Though the police have busted two gangs and arrested seven persons involved in back-to-back cases of highway robberies, the growing menace has left the officials in a spot of bother.The first sign of the menace was witnessed on March 25, 2012 when in a murder-cum-loot case, a truck driver and cleaner were found brutally murdered near Arra village, under the jurisdiction of Naubasta police.According to police, the crime was committed for the consignment of gram worth Rs 35 lakh, loaded on the truck No: UP-78-AN-7715.The police arrested four persons identified as Rashid alias Rajbeer of Tilak Nagar, Dadhwa, Jalaun, Lalla Tewari of Katherua Bidhnoo, Akhilesh alias Bauwa Singh of Rajendra Nagar in Naubasta and Dheeru Shukla alias Rahul Shukla of Rajendra Nagar in Naubasta, from Hamirpur road near an eye hospital in Naubasta area of the city at night on March 27.Similarly, the police on Monday claimed that it busted a gang of highway robbers and arrested three persons and recovered 60 motorcycles worth above Rs 50 lakh from their possession.The police informed that the gang had looted a truck laden with a consignment of 60 motorcycles on March 28 from Gurgaon in Haryana after killing driver Nirmal Katheria and cleaner Ramnath. Police investigations reveal that the criminal gangs targeted vehicles from outside the district or state thinking that the chances of their getting caught were minimal.In both the incidents, similar modus operandi was used. The robbers would seek lift from the passing trucks and after getting friendly with drivers and cleaners spiked their eatables or drinks and rob them.\"We have already set up check posts at various places on the highways. Besides, night patrol on the stretches from where these incidents were reported has been stepped up,\" he said.\"Arrests of the seven highway robbers in two highway robberies is expected to curb the incidents, we are probing their involvement in more crimes,\" said DIG Amitabh Yash.He asked the transporters to make aware the truck drivers and cleaners to remain cautious in order to avoid such incidents. \"Truck drivers and cleaners should avoid strangers in garb of passengers while travelling. We have stepped up vigil and patrolling but one should also remain cautious,\" he said.The DIG added, \"Truck drivers and cleaners and other commuters should avoid drinks and eatables offered by strangers particularly at roadside eateries or 'dhabas' and on suspicion should inform the nearest police out-post.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12526737", "title": "Gangs use honeytraps in extortion rackets", "text": "GUWAHATI: Criminal gangs in the state have hit upon the idea of using women as honeytraps to entice wealthy businessmen into their net for extortion. These gangs use women as bait to lure businessmen to a particular spot and then abduct them and demand ransom for their lives.Acting on a tip off, the Geetanagar police here on Monday night busted one such racket and arrested one Rintu Bora (33). Rintu would pose as a police officer and extort handsome amounts of money from businessmen whom he and his woman accomplice would draw into their racket.\"First, Rintu would get a woman to lure a businessman into her trap. The woman would then get the man to visit her at a particular place, usually a building or a flat in a secluded place, where Rintu would appear on the scene in the guise of a policeman. He would then threaten to expose and arrest the businessman, who, in order to save his reputation, would immediately agree to pay Rintu a neat amount, running into lakhs, and let him off the hook,\" said a policeman in Geetanagar PS.Police said that many a time, Rintu has even introduced himself as a CBI officer. Police found a SUV and some classified documents in his possession. The authorities are currently on the lookout for one Ajay Singh, believed to be a coal trader, in connection with the case. He is reported to be absconding.\"Honeytraps have become the latest means of extortion for some criminal groups in the state. Many militant outfits are also using women to lure and abduct wealthy people. Many high-profile people are involved in such rackets, including some women from glamourous professions such as acting and modelling,\" added the official.A few days ago, Kailash Ginoria, an established businessman of Jorhat, fell into one such trap and was murdered by the racketeers. The Jorhat Police arrested the prime accused, Panchi Gogoi Dutta, in his murder case, along with 13 others.Panchi revealed that she had called Ginoria on the phone and taken him along with her to the Assam-Nagaland border on March 10. Then she, with the help of some accomplices, handed over the businessman to a carlifters' gang in Nagaland. But the carlifters killed him the very next day. Thereafter, they continued to demand a ransom from his family.\"There are many high-profile and expensive hotels in Guwahati where such extortion plots are executed,\" said Panchi, after her arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12526161", "title": "Railway strips IRCTC of its selling point", "text": "NEW DELHI: In yet another blow, the railways have decided to snatch one more function from Indian Railways Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) - take over management of book stalls operational on station platforms. The fresh move may further clip the wings of railways PSU, which had lost its primary job of providing catering services in trains and stations.The bookstalls will now be managed by zonal railways which will leave the PSU with the task of booking online tickets only. \"The railways have decided that the management and operation of bookstalls handed over to IRCTC in 2007 will be taken back on 'as is where is basis',\" said a senior official.The railway PSU was given the task in 2007 to infuse professionalism in management and operations of bookstalls and to put a check on sale of objectionable and banned books which were allegedly placed on the shelves of the stalls at the platforms.The corporation was supposed to manage the stalls and provide standard books to the passengers and visitors at the stations. IRCTC and railways were sharing the license fee in the ratio of 75:25 respectively. The U-turn in railways' policy indicates that IRCTC, which felled out of favour of Mamata Banerjee in her second inning as railway minister, continue to loose one by one function assigned when it was formed.As minister, Banerjee snatched IRCTC's major function - catering services in trains and stations during her tenure. Though, IRCTC was earning Rs 2.5 crore from the license fee, the move left many surprised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12525218", "title": "US nominee seeks India's support for World Bank top job", "text": "NEW DELHI: Jim Yong Kim, the US nominee for the World Bank president's post, made a round of the Indian Capital on Tuesday to garner support for his candidature.The South Korea-born Kim, who met PM Manmohan Singh and FM Pranab Mukherjee , however, did not get an assurance from the Indian government although the scale seem firmly tilted in the US nominee's favour. \"The discussion was mostly around India's expectations at this crucial juncture when the world economy seems to be showing signs of revival,\" said a source privy to the discussions.Kim has received the backing of Japan and given the rift between the BRICS members and Europe's tacit agreement with the US, he is the front-runner in the three-pronged race. The others in the fray are Jose Antonio Ocampo, a Colombian national and a professor at Columbia University and Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala , the Nigerian finance minister.If the US nominee wins the battle, it will continue the tradition of an American heading the World Bank, while an European leads the IMF. Although developing countries such as BRICS and Mexico have in the past opposed this system, they have failed to agree to a developing country candidate. World Bank president Robert Zoellick's term is slated to end in June.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12526184", "title": "Doctors save breathless child", "text": "PATNA: A team of experienced cardiologists of Heart Hospital saved the life of a five-year-old boy, Neeraj Kumar, who was brought to the hospital in a gasping condition on March 20.Hospital managing director Dr Rajan Thakur said that on examination, the boy was diagnosed with severe aortic stenosis, bicuspid AV and severe LV dysfunction and there was no hope of his survival. He said a team of doctors, including medical director Dr Prabhat Kumar, Dr Abhinav Bhagat and Dr Rajiv Krishna treated the child and after stabilization, the child's Ballon Aortic Volvotomy was performed and he survived. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12527316", "title": "Confusion in Panjab University over paper leak rumour", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a prank that turned into a nightmare for Panjab University's examination branch last night, rumors of a paper leak spread on campus resulting in confusion among students. The exam was slated to be held for all undergraduate students across all PU affiliated colleges. PU's examination branch has however dismissed the hoax saying that \"a similar incident happened last year but no contents of the paper were leaked out\".A handwritten English subject paper, which was allegedly being sold at an exorbitant rate varying between Rs 10,000 to Rs 15,000 according to a complaint received by PU's controller of examination office, eventually turned out to be a different paper than the one attempted by students.\"We have compared the paper with the hand-written paper provided to us by a mediaperson. There is no similarity. Last year, such incidents occurred and these are frivolous attempts to disrupt the smooth examination conduct,\" said A K Bhandari, controller of examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12526371", "title": "Consumerfed unveils new marketing intervention plan", "text": "KOCHI: Market intervention agency Consumerfed (Kerala State Co-operatives Consumers' Federation Ltd) will open 10,000 'Nanma' stores across the state within five years, said Riji G Nair, its managing director.Consumerfed is one of the governmental organizations that intervenes regularly in the grocery and staple food markets to control inflation. \"This year, we will open 2,000 Nanma stores in Kerala. Chief minister Oommen Chandy will inaugurate the project on April 18 in Thiruvananthapuram,\" Nair said. \"These stores will be rather small in size at roughly 200 sq ft, each located at village junctions across the state.Around 350 different products will be available at these stores, including beauty care products. We plan to sell 10 items at discounted prices every month with the price list published in newspapers. These products will be priced at a 20% discount to local market rates,\" he added. Each Nanma store will involve investments of Rs 5 lakh, and daily revenues of Rs 8,000 will ensure profitable running of each store, Nair said.From Tuesday, Consumerfed will operate 3,000 temporary festival stores across the state for the Vishu and Easter holidays, Nair said.During the last Onam holidays, Consumerfed generated revenues of Rs 250 crore from sales of 47,250 tonnes of products across its 5,132 outlets in the state.Grants from the state government will not allow Consumerfed to effectively intervene in the market, Nair said. Hence, the organization has been using the profits from its beverages division-- which sells alcoholic drinks through 50 liquor shops in the state --to subsidize various groceries and medicines sold through its 220 Triveni supermarkets and 93 Neethi medical stores.\"The state budget had allocated Rs 40 crore for the activities of Consumerfed in fiscal 2013, and we will spend Rs 100 crore for subsidies by generating Rs 60 crore internally via liquor and grocery sales,\" Nair said. Last year, Consumerfed spent Rs 67 crore on subsidising groceries. Of this, Rs 35 crore was the profits from the beverages division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12526946", "title": "Dalma forest fire alert", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Taking lessons from the past, the Dalma wildlife division is exercising utmost caution to prevent the outbreak of forest fire this summer. The department has worked out a slew of measures, including strict monitoring of tourists who visit the forest area on the hilltop to watch elephants bathe in the waterbodies.\"The 56 sq km core area (in the forest cover) where elephants beat the summer heat by playing in the water, is under the watchful eyes of our personnel,\" said divisional forest officer, Dalma wildlife division, Kamlesh Pandey. He said, in the past, forest fire during the peak of summer would create panic.\"We would expect tourists to follow our rules and avoid carrying matchboxes and other inflammable items to the hilltop,\" said the DFO. Henceforth, tourists will not be allowed to move without the guidance of trackers.In the absence of trackers, visitors tend to get close to elephants to click photographs. The department has deployed over 30 personnel at different locations in the forest cover to keep eye on visitors. On Monday, senior wildlife officials visited the hilltop to oversee the measures in place ahead of the tourist season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12526265", "title": "Coalition of regional parties will form next govt, says Desai", "text": "PANAJI: \"Dissatisfaction is the root of progress,\" averred Meghnad Desai , noted economist and Labour Politician, in an engrossing interaction session with the students and faculty members of BITS Pilani Goa Campus on Tuesday.His trademark witticisms combined with his guileless yet insightful answers and his frank opinion on questions ranging from Capitalist Economy to utility of GDP and two party systems to Education in India were the highlights of the session.Despite commending India's social and economic progress over the years, he was merciless in ridiculing India's so-called set of cultural values where women's lives are taken for granted.Quoting an example of the minister who was acquitted in her daughter's murder case, he cited numerous reasons contributing to India's poor sex ratio including female foeticide and lacklustre attitude towards the fairer sex.He also spoke about the caste based reservation system and agreed with Mandal Commission's stance that in India the bifurcation between \"Economic Status and Caste Structure is non-existent\" and hence \"the need to link Reservation with Jaati System\".The second half of the session was opened for the audience questions. Tackling questions on governance and politics, he expressed faith in a coalition government formed of minority parties, \"the next government would be headed neither by BJP nor Congress, but by regional parties\", he opined.Quoting examples of the non-passage of FDI in Retail and the reform-oriented Railway budget he said, \"There is a genuine disagreement in the country over liberal reforms\". He was also against the Food Security Bill and subsidies in general, while expressing confidence in the Cash Transfer Scheme recently implemented in Bihar.Finally addressing a query on Indian Universities and their foreign counterparts, he remarked that notwithstanding a meticulous curriculum and brilliant students, the teaching attitude in Indian Institutions needs to be overhauled. \"There is not enough diversity in Indian Universities,\" he concluded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12526331", "title": "Transglobal's Inland Container Depot starts operations", "text": "KOCHI: Transglobal Inland Container Services has started operations at its Inland Container Depot (ICD) in Mathilakam of Thrissur district by sending the first consignment of food products to the International Container Transhipment Terminal (ICTT) at Vallarpadam, Transglobal CEO N S Ramachandran said on Tuesday.According to Transglobal chairman M A Nazer, the new facility in Mathilakam, set up at an investment of Rs 55 crore, will offer services for handling and temporary storage of both import and export-bound, laden or empty containers, all carried out under Customs control. A network of Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) systems has also been installed at the premises, while a separate office facility is being provided for Customs House Agents and steamer agents, Nazer said. The ICD has a warehousing capacity of 50,000 sq ft with modern handling systems like forklifts and reach stackers. Transglobal CEO N SRamachandran said 1,500 TEU containers can be offloaded and warehoused at the ICD at any point in time. \"The ICD processes and dispatches goods much more faster through a single windows clearance system. This is in vogue in Bangalore and Coimbatore, but is being implemented in Kerala through private sector participation for the first time,\" Ramachandran said. He noted that the speedy implementation of the Varapuzha-Kodungalloor road would help reduce delays in transit of goods from the new ICD to Vallarpadom.\"The Vallarpadom ICTT is 40 km from Transglobal's ICD and the new Varapuzha-Kodungalloor road will bypass Paravur to directly access the ICD, saving exporters a lot of time and transport costs,\" Ramachandran noted.The company has appealed to the state PWD minister to get the work expedited and complete the road at the very earliest as it will be vital to the success of the ICD.Besides Nazer and Ramachandran,other top officials of the company include M A Habeeb and Ramesh Menon, directors, Suresh K A Nair, CEO of Waterways Logistics India Ltd, and Krishnadas, CEO of D P World.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12525434", "title": "Jewellers lathicharged", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state's jewellers tried to jam the SG Highway on Tuesday morning, gathering to protest the duty on gold and gold jewellery proposed in the recent Union Budget. The gathering, however, was disrupted by the city police which lathicharged the jewellers when they refused to budge from the road.Fifteen jewellers were detained from the spot and were later released by the Anandnagar police. A police inspector received an injury and five vehicles were damaged in the incident.According to police, more than 250 jewellers from the city started gathering on the SG Highway near Karnavati Club with banners demanding the abolishment of excise duty. The protesters made a human chain on the highway and hindered the movement of traffic. The protestors also took over the service roads that were thronged by vehicles escaping the blockade. The line of vehicles stretched up to 1 kilometer in both directions. Senior city police officials were deployed.After the protestors went berserk and started moving towards Shivranjani - where some branded jewellery stores defied the bandh - the police resorted to lathicharge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12526777", "title": "Rain forecast for parched state", "text": "GUWAHATI: Guwahatians can expect moderate rainfall in the next 24 hours accompanied by winds at 50 km per hour. Rainfall could also take place in a few other places in the state as forecasted by the meteorology department.Sanjay Shaw, director of meteorology department said, \"The pre-monsoon period, which began in March, is expected to last till May. There may be wind and thundershower in mid-April too. This is known as 'Bordoichila' and it generally takes place before the Rongali Bihu.\"\"There is a south trough from south Tibet to the north of Bay of Bengal and cyclonic circulation over Bihar and Jharkhand , due to which the changes are occurring. There could be rain and thundershower in Arunachal Pradesh , parts of Assam and Meghalaya and some other places in the region,\" he said.The weather has been quite warm in the last few days. On Monday, the maximum and minimum temperature of the city was 36.8 and 19.5 degree celsius and on Tuesday, the minimum temperature was 20 degree celsius. However, people can expect some relief as the weather is likely to become pleasant again. The meteorological department also forecasted that the rain could last for two to four days.Ritashree Deka, a housewife said, \"It has suddenly become very hot and dry since the last two days. Normally, there is wind and thundershower in the second week of April. The rains generally mark the advent of the Rongali Bihu so, we are waiting for it to relieve us from the heat.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12526840", "title": "Cabbies to protest today against lifetime tax", "text": "BANGALORE: The Bangalore Tourists Taxi Owners Association (BTTOA) has spearheaded an agitation against the government's decision to levy 15% lifetime tax on commercial vehicles costing above Rs 10 lakh. Another 45 taxi and maxi cab operators in the city will join them in front of the transport commissioner's office on Tuesday to submit a memorandum.BTTOA spokesperson Narendra Pani said if the tax is implemented, owners of vehicles like Innova or Xylo will have to pay Rs 2 lakh as tax, which will be a 'draconian move' from the government side. \"We had appealed to the chief minister and transport minister, but they asked the transport commissioner to take the final call. If he doesn't consider our plea, then we will have to surrender our vehicles under Motor Vehicles Act 28,\" he said.He added that Tamil Nadu charges nearly Rs 5,600 for commercial vehicles for a five-year period, while Gujarat charges 6% and Andhra Pradesh levies 4% annual tax on vehicles.More than 2,500 vehicles will be parked in front of the transport commissioner's office on Tuesday as a sign of protest. The All-India Motor Transport Congress is likely to participate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12525817", "title": "Shemrock to open 25 schools in state", "text": "BHOPAL: Shemrock and Shemford Group of Schools, has plans to open 25 schools in Madhya Pradesh in the next three years, said a group's official.Shemrock Preschools has opened three branches in Bhopal , Gwalior and Ratlam in the last one year and are opening two more branches in Indore and Jabalpur this month. The rest will be opened in the next three years in Madhya Pradesh at different locations, vice-chairman and managing director, Shemrock and Shemford Group of Schools, Anmol Arora, said here on Tuesday.Shemrock has 150 preschools across India and Nepal and it plans to open another 100 pre-schools in next three years in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12531777", "title": "Whistling Woods will survive: Subhash Ghai", "text": "Subhash Ghai reacts to Supreme Court's decision of asking Ghai to return the Whistling Woods land.Keeping with High Court's decision, Apex court has ordered Ghai and Whistling Woods to vacate 14.5 acre of land and hand it over to the state government. The remaining 5.5 acres needs to be given back to government on July 31, 2014, after all the ongoing courses at the film institute are completed.After the judgement, Subhash Ghai told TOI.com, \"I respect the judiciary of my country. Supreme Court dismissed our appeal on the grounds that Maharashtra government should have followed the proper governance to enter into a joint venture to run a film school in film city. People also must take precautions before dealing with state government than being penalized after ten years with heavy investment and losses.Anyhow Whistling Woods will survive as bright as ever though we may miss the land. Land is never a strength of education rather education is the strength of any land.We are opening Whistling Woods in many states as now and also carry on movie business in full strength. We will discuss future course of action with our team of lawyers and wait for government reaction on Supreme Court judgement.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12530208", "title": "Miss Indias, singers, celebs at this musical do", "text": "Sonu Nigam got yet another chance to mesmerise everyone with his melodious voice as he performed for the Gitanjali Le Club Musique, the exclusive music club launched with great fanfare by Bina Aziz and Lucky Morani last month .And while on stage, Sonu jammed with singers like Talat Aziz, Adnan Sami , Usha Uthup , Sapna Mukherjee and Anand Raj Anand. Making one of their first public appearances, the newly elected Miss Indias - PFMI World 2012 Vanya Mishra, PFMI Earth 2012 Prachi Mishra and PFMI International 2012 Rochelle Maria Rao were dressed by Siddharth Aryan, with jewellery by Asmi and crowns by Gitanjali.Shah Rukh Khan took time out from his busy schedule to attend the do. Those who graced the occasion included Zayed Khan , Sanjay and Zarine Khan, Anushka Manchanda, Sulaiman Merchant, Rohit Roy among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12525418", "title": "Temple donation box containing 1Lakh stolen", "text": "MUMBAI: The Kanjurmarg police are looking for the burglars who broke into a temple at Sai Nagar in Bhandup (E) and made away with the donation box that contained a sum around Rs 1 lakh. The police said the incident occurred early on Tuesday. A case of theft has been registered by the police.Second Dadar rape accused arrested: The Dadar police on Tuesday arrested Vijendra Jaiswal alias Lallu, who allegedly helped Sachin Sonawane (30) kidnap a 26-year-old homemaker on Sunday and rape her in a taxi in a Dadar locality. According to the victim, the accused dropped her near her house in a slum locality at Sanjay Nagar in Parel after the crime.2 held for black-marketing of railway tickets: The Railway Protection Force (RPF) on the central line caught two touts involved in black-marketing of tickets. One of the touts, Abdul Ghani, had 32 tickets in his possession and Rs 11,140 in cash. Last week, RPF special squads nabbed three touts from private tour offices in the city. Officials also recovered 54 reservation tickets worth Rs 73,000 and 66 black reservation forms. In the past two months, the RPF has nabbed a total of 24 touts and recovered 117 reservation tickets worth Rs 1.84 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12525301", "title": "No parameters to define trial by media, say editors", "text": "NEW DELHI: Focused media coverage of trials of persons resembling moneylender Shylock of Shakespeare's Merchant of Venice might have prejudicial effect for an accused, but could it be a reason for the Supreme Court to frame reporting guidelines or order postponement of news reports, asked Editors Guild and Foundation for Media Professionals on Tuesday.Appearing for both organizations, senior advocate Rajeev Dhavan said, \"Sensational reporting will take place because sensational incidents keep happening in India. The Supreme Court will not be able to stop it. Yes, reporting must be accurate. But to say it amounted to trial by media is only a pejorative expression. Neither the court nor any one has provided parameters to define what constitutes trial by media.\"\"If a Shylock kind of case happens today, does everyone keep silent?\" asked Dhavan. He suggested to a bench of Chief Justice S H Kapadia and Justices D K Jain, S S Nijjar, R P Desai and J S Khehar to explore the administrative side route to convey the judiciary's concern to editors for developing a mechanism for accurate and fair reporting.\"Why not an exercise on the administrative side to talk to Editors and tell that it was time to devise some practical guidelines,\" Dhavan said while cautioning that \"there was no sensational judicial answer to sensational media reports. The judicial answer could only be a sober one.\"The senior advocate said the court had no power under common law to prevent open court reporting or order postponement of publication of stories. He said tension between the judicial and media could not be resolved through guidelines which were statutory in character and it was time to sit down with the media to evolve some administrative guidelines for reporting keeping in mind the protection of the right of the accused.The bench said: \"PILs with scurrilous charges are filed in court. (Soli) Sorabjee argued that reporting of such PILs could be postponed till the court took a judicial view of it. Should reporting of such PILs be not postponed? Can media take note of the PIL and analyze it? Can the media analyze evidence even before a trial judge had a look at the evidence?\"Dhavan said media guidelines and postponement of reporting were complicated areas. It would be akin to an unchartered journey in sea if the court attempted to determine such a complex issue on an application of Sahara India Real Estate Corporation that provided a very narrow compass of facts related to alleged leakage of privilege communication between counsel and media.Questions like \"who leaked it? How did it reach media? Is there no public interest involved in the contents that were leaked?\" would arise in the adjudication of that application, he said.In conclusion, he said: \"The glare of contemporaneous reporting of trial promotes public faith in criminal justice system.\"Senior advocate K K Venugopal, making his submissions as amicus curiae, said a direction to postponement of reporting of trial proceedings would not be in public interest as people would like to know what happened in the trial.Instead of general reporting guidelines, Venugopal suggested a case to case approach. He said if an accused moved a High Court complaining about breach of his right to reputation guaranteed under Article 21 by media reports, then the court would examine the report against the allegation.\"If it comes to a conclusion that the report indeed breached the right of the accused or was contemptuous in character, then it would issue a general warning to media not to repeat the mistake. Only when a media ignored the general warning that it would be made to face the consequences,\" he said.Venugopal also said that though it had been more or less defined as to what constituted contempt, there was little jurisprudence available on what constituted obstruction or interference in the administration of justice. He would continue arguments on April 10.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12527056", "title": "Court keeps BIA road toll in abeyance", "text": "BANGALORE: In a relief to thousands of air travellers and commuters, a Devanahalli court on Tuesday stayed the collection of toll on the road leading to the Bengaluru International Airport.Principal civil judge and JMFC Bhamini, who heard a petition filed by four lawyers against the contractor and the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI), ordered that no toll should be collected from the public until the case is disposed of.The lawyers - Chandrashekhar, N Srinivasamurthy, Ramamurthy and Ramesh - had said the road to BIA also leads to various parts of Karnataka and neighbouring Andhra Pradesh. \"Farmers use the airport road to ferry agricultural produce to Bangalore and other parts of the state. The toll is a heavy burden on them,\" they had saidThe petition was filed against Navayuga Constructions and the NHAI, represented by its project administrator R K Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12525622", "title": "Using art to fund the struggle for justice", "text": "MUMBAI: The crusade for justice is, of all things, not without expense. Legal counsel, staff salaries, travel involved, administrative outlay, and so on, would cost any organization a pretty penny to fight the good fight.The non-profit Citizens for Justice and Peace (CJP), that has put its weight behind the restitution of justice to the victims of violence and terror in Gujarat, Kashmir and Mumbai, will use art to raise funds for its activism. The organization runs up a monthly bill of Rs 4 to 5 lakh.This year, CJP launched a platform called Art for Humanity, through which they plan to sell art by some of the country's top-billed artists. The proceeds from the exhibition and sale - curated by Kria Creative Art Consultants -will largely go towards paying legal retainers on behalf of victims.This year, Art For Humanity will exhibit 70 works by 69 artists, including Ram Kumar, Arpana Caur, Raghu Rai, Ram Rahman, Pablo Bartholomew, Arpita Singh and Manjit Bawa. \"The creative community in India has been steadfast in taking a stand for social justice and against communal violence,\" says Ram Rahman. \"It has not only raised its voice against injustice and communalism, but has contributed in fundraising through concerts, plays, exhibitions and publications. This initiative by CJP, especially their continuing struggle for justice for the victims of communal violence in Gujarat, is particularly important to many of us. As creative artistes, we feel that funds raised by our work, even if it is a drop in the ocean, can add in some small measure.\"The exhibition is on from April 5 to 9 between 11am and 8pm at Coomaraswamy Hall, Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Vastu Sangrahalaya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12526053", "title": "Funds woes hit Santragachhi plans", "text": "KOLKATA: The five deaths at Santragchhi station on Saturday, though not the railways 'fault', should act as an eye-opener for the authorities. Even as this station on Kona Expressway gains popularity, there has been little effort on the part of the Railway Board to provide funds for its upgrade. With the Howrah station bursting at the seams, South Eastern Railway (SER) had drawn out elaborate plans a couple of years ago to develop Santragachhi into an important terminal. Though the Rs 198-crore project was approved by the Railway Board, only Rs 5 crore has been allotted in the last two years.\"Improvement of infrastructure at Santragachhi will lead to augmentation of capacity. The Howrah station, from where most of SER's long distance trains leave, has become extremely congested. There was a good response when we started giving halts to important trains at Santragachhi. In fact, most people from south Kolkata now prefer to get down at Santragachhi and drive back home via Kona Expressway. In a bid to make this station more popular, we made upgradation plans that included better connectivity with the Kona Expressway and facilities for passengers,\" an official said.As per budget documents, the latest anticipated cost for development of circulating area, essential passenger amenities and road connectivity to Kona Expressway is Rs 198.65 crore. In 2011-12, when the project was sanctioned, only Rs 1 lakh was allotted. Officials had expected a major chunk of funds to come their way this year but were left disappointed. In 2012-13, the allocation is a mere Rs 5 crore.According to the plan, a service road from Kona Expressway will allow vehicles, carrying train passengers, to enter the station directly when coming from the Kolkata end. At present, these vehicles make a detour and then enter the station. While developing the passenger circulating area, there were plans to build a foot over bridge from there to the platforms. There were also plans for escalators and a moving pathway for passengers. Officials agree that escalators at the ends of over bridges may dissuade people from crossing the tracks and risking being run over by trains.The fate of a coaching terminal at Shalimar is not any better. SER has some land at Shalimar and plans to develop passenger facilities there along with Santragachhi. Some trains have already been shifted to Shalimar to clear the rush at Howrah. The proposal for developing a coaching terminal at Shalimar at a cost of Rs 192.44 crore was also accepted in 2011-12. In the last two years, only Rs 2 lakh were allotted for the project.\"It is unfortunate. Had sufficient funds been available, much of the work could have started this year. The projects will now get delayed,\" another official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "the university seems to have come to grips with its pre-examination machinery . but its post-exam apparatus is in disarray", "code": "12527298", "title": "Regularisation demand holds up evaluations", "text": "The university seems to have come to grips with its pre-examination machinery . But its post-exam apparatus is in disarray: its assessment halls are all empty and sealed bundles of answer sheets have not been touched. Less than 1% of faculty has reported for evaluation work for the commerce papers, leading to fears of an inordinate delay in declaration of results.Faculty members are boycotting this year's centralised assessment process (CAP) as the state government has not regularised teachers who were exempted from taking the National Eligibility Test or the State Eligibility Test.Madhu Paranjpe, Bombay University and Colleges' Teachers Union (BUCTU) general secretary, said, \"No one is reporting for assessment work, apart from a handful of temporary teachers all are supporting the boycott. Even college principals are supporting us.\" There are close to 6 lakh answer booklets waiting to be corrected by close to 1,100 commerce teachers. Since the CAP began on March 26, only two or three ad hoc faculty members are reporting for assessment.The NET/SET battle dates back to the late 90s when the University Grants Commission made it mandatory for candidates wanting to become teachers to take the NET/SET. But the Maharashtra government decided to implement the rule retrospectively and several MPhil-qualified teachers, who were appointed between September 1991 and April 2000, were affected by this decision.The teachers bodies that for years carried out jail-bharo agitations , held dharnas and gone on hunger strikes, are in no mood for silent protests. At each of the 33 CAP centres of the university, a BUCTU member is creating awareness about the \"injustice\" meted out to close to 10,000 teachers in the state whose appointments haven't been regularised.The university, on its part, has asked the state government to intervene. Vice-chancellor Rajan Welukar met the office bearers of the Maharashtra Federation of University and College Teachers' Union and asked them to co-operate with the university so that students' future is not held at ransom.A communique from the university to the government stated, \"The university is trying its level best to get the papers assessed. However, looking at the students' strength, it will be difficult for the university to declare the results on time if we do not get sufficient numbers of teachers.\" It added: \"The university has requested BUCTU orally as well as in writing to assess the answer books.\" But teachers are demanding action. \"We need a written assurance from the state,\" added Paranjpe.S M Suryawanshi, in-charge controller of examination, said, \"To date, teachers' attendance each day has been around 0.1-0 .5%. Those present are either temporary faculty or contract teachers who are not affiliated to any union. The few permanent ones who come for assessment , spend an hour or two at the centres. It will be very difficult to declare results if they do not co-operate . The university has no role to play in their demands,\" he added.Minister for higher and technical education Rajesh Tope said, \"We have received a clarification from the UGC and will forward it to the finance department. The issue will be later taken up by the cabinet.\" Regularising teachers and paying them arrears will cost the state about Rs 400 crore.Varsity gestureStudent welfare director Mrudul Nile will attend to examination-related grouses at Dr Ambedkar Bhavan in the university's Kalina campus from 3-4 .30 pm every day till all exams are over. Students and parents can also write to dswmu09@gmail .com.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12527526", "title": "Baby born with rare birth defect undergoes surgery", "text": "PUNE: A baby born with the organs outside her body successfully underwent a critical surgery at a city hospital recently. The condition, known as an omphalocele, is a birth defect in which the foetus' intestines and other abdominal organs stick out from the belly button.\"Normally this condition is diagnosed through sonography during antenatal care. Babies with this condition need to be operated within hours of birth, before the intestinal swelling (oedema of the intestine) and interruption of the blood supply to the body part (devascularisation) sets in,\" said paediatric surgeon Kshama Kulkarni who performed the surgery on March 23 at Sahyadri hospital in Hadapsar. The baby was discharged on March 30. The parents - Sunita and Ashok (names changed to protect identity) - knew about the diagnosis from the sixth month of pregnancy.The child was born by Caesarean section due to obstetric indication, and after birth the paediatric surgeon was immediately called in. The baby was managed by paediatrician Michell Vas at the neonatal intensive care unit at the hospital.After initial resuscitation, blood investigation was taken up for surgery at approximately eight hours of life. Anaesthetists Mohan Pathak and Purnima Bhamburne handled the delicate task of anaesthetising the newborn weighing just 2.6 kg, while Kulkarni, carried out the surgical repair of the omphalocoele with reconstruction of her abdominal wall.\"During the surgery, the abdominal organs like small and large intestine along with a part of the liver, which was lying outside the abdominal cavity, were placed back into the belly. The abdominal cavity was expanded to accumulate these organs and then cosmetic reconstruction of the umbilicus was done, thus completing the repair in a single stage,\" said Kulkarni . On the sixth post-operative day, the baby began direct breast feeding, and was discharged the next day.Presently the baby is 12-days-old . \"In such cases, good results are dependent on speed, teamwork, the facilities, the skill of the paediatric surgical and intensive care teams and, above all, efficient nursing care,\" said Priti Rodgers, medical director of the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12525928", "title": "Illegal sand mining rampant in Narmada basin: Ajay Singh", "text": "BHOPAL: Mounting pressure on the BJP government in Madhya Pradesh, opposition Congress on Tuesday alleged that illegal sand mining was rampant in the Narmada River basin. It stated that the illegal mining was taking place with the help of political and bureaucratic bigwigs in Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan's native village and nearby areas in his assembly constituency of Budhni in Sehore district\"Reckless mining of sand is taking place on the banks of holy river Narmada near Jait-the native village of the chief minister-and at Janwasa. It is harming the ecology and environment of the area,\" leader of the opposition Ajay Singh told reporters in Bhopal after visiting the sand mining areas of Sehore and Hoshangabad districts.\"The modus operandi for illegal mining is simple. The miners get lease of a small chunk of land and later carry out large scale illegal mining in the areas with the 'generous' help of political and bureaucratic bigwigs\", he said.\"While the government has been maintaining that there was no illegal mining in the state, the situation of the Narmada river banks in Sehore and Hoshangabad districts is an indication of the rampant illegal sand mining,\" he claimed.Singh said he had kept secret his visit to Nasarullahganj but the information apparently leaked. \"Neither anyone was carrying out illegal mining in the area nor was any dumper plying in the area. Later, we were told by locals that those engaged by such activities were asked to keep off for a day due to leader of opposition's visit, he added.Pointing out that illegal murrum mining was also rampant in the area, the opposition leader said he and the legislators accompanying him saw a number of gorges caused due to murrum mining.Alleging that mafia-like mining activities were taking place across the state, Singh said their activities were developing into a law and order problem with incidents such as mafia opening fire at government officials and killing forest guard.Opposition Congress has been leading a campaign against illegal mining in the state. It had also moved a no-confidence motion during the winter session last year in this connection. Janata Dal (U) president Sharad Yadav had also gone public, alleging a massive mining scam in Madhya Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "12526439", "title": "Hikaka accuses Naveen of insincerity in 2nd letter", "text": "KORAPUT: Abducted Laxmipur MLA Jhina Hikaka has accused the state government of not doing enough for his safe release. In a second letter sent to chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Tuesday, Hikaka appealed to Naveen to meet the Maoists' demand at the earliest.\"I am safe at the Maoist camp. But the government is not showing sincerity in securing my release as I am a tribal,\" read the one page letter signed by Hikaka, which was circulated through the media. Appealing to the chief minister to meet the demands of the Maoists for his safe return, the MLA wrote, \"The Maoists are demanding release of tribals jailed in false Naxal cases. If this demand is fulfilled at the earliest, then I will return safely.\"The legislator's letter also mentioned that in the prevailing situation it is difficult for him to execute development works in the area. \"If the demands of the Maoists are not met, it will be difficult to work for the development of the area. I may be forced to resign,\" the letter said.Earlier on March 26, the abducted legislator had sent a similar letter, addressed to the chief minister, in which he had appealed to Naveen to fulfill the demands of the Maoists for his early release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "12526799", "title": "Assam Rifles destroys poppy cultivation in Arunachal", "text": "ITANAGAR: Drug peddlers operating in Arunachal's Changlang district bordering Myanmar have received a severe setback with the destruction of standing poppy cultivation covering an area of approximately 15 acre by the Assam Rifles (AR).AR achieved a major breakthrough in prevention of illegal production of poppy and trafficking of drugs and narcotics in its area of operations by undertaking a massive drive for destruction of standing poppy cultivation on March 30. This operation was undertaken by a joint team of 4 Assam Rifles, Arunachal Pradesh Police, Changlang district administration and officials of the Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB), Guwahati, official sources informed on Tuesday. Large-scale poppy cultivation in remote areas of Khimyong circle was discovered by the troops of 4 Assam Rifles during their regular patrolling. Once detected, a massive search operation was launched to comb the entire area and a number of fields growing poppy crops were identified.Subsequently, a joint team of 4th Manipur Battalion of the Assam Rifles, Changlang EAC, Changlang Police, three officials from the NCB and SB representatives carried out a massive drive for destruction of the standing poppy fields located in various remote areas of the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12527237", "title": "Miscreants rob man near police station", "text": "times news networkVARANASI: In a sensational incident, two motorcycle-borne miscreants looted Rs 50,000 from a youth at a stone's throw away distance from Sigra police station on Tuesday afternoon.According to reports, Pramod Kumar Chawdhary, an insurance company agent and native of Nanak Nagar under Sigra police station limits, had gone to Faatman Road branch of a bank to withdraw cash from the account of his mother. After withdrawing cash, he kept it in a bag and left the place for Kutchehri branch of a bank to deposit the premium of an insurance policy.His rickshaw had moved only a few metres when two motorcycle-borne miscreants snatched his bag. Before he could understand anything and raise an alarm, the miscreants fled. He reported the matter to Sigra police. No arrest was reported in this connection till Tuesday evening.Meanwhile, in another incident near an intermediate college in Mirzamurad area, two motorcycle-borne miscreants snatched the golden chain of a woman, Meera Devi (35), and fled on Tuesday. The incident occurred when she was going to her in-laws in Bhadohi district with her brother on his motorcycle. As the miscreants snatched her chain, she fell on the road from the moving motorcycle and sustained leg injuries.2 held with 'ashtadhatu' idol: Sonbhadra police on Tuesday recovered a precious 'ashtadhatu' idol after arresting two Varanasi-based persons near Amokhar culvert in Maddhupur area under Robertsganj police station limits. According to police, during patrolling duty, Robertsganj inspector noticed that two persons, who were carrying a bag, tried to escape after seeing police. The cops chased them down. The two were identified as Sharda Patel and Ganesh Prasad of Rohania area in Varanasi. When the police checked their bag, an 'ashtadhatu' idol of 10 kg was found. It could not be ascertained whether the idol was of Lord Buddha or Lord Mahavira. The idol is estimated to be worth Rs 1 crore in the international market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12525311", "title": "Dwarka couple's bail plea rejected", "text": "NEW DELHI: The doctor couple accused of leaving a 13-year-old help locked up in their Dwarka flat for the duration of their foreign trip were denied anticipatory bail on Tuesday even as their counsel claimed Sanjay and Sumita Verma had been present in the country since late last week, contrary to police's claims.With all but one of the charges brought against them being bailable, the Vermas had applied for anticipatory bail on Monday. However, a Dwarka district court rejected their appeal pointing out that the case had to be investigated and the petitioners were required \"for custodial investigation.\" The volunteer group Shakti Vahini that rescued the girl from the couple's apartment last Thursday opposed the bail plea.The Vermas' counsel told court that the girl in question is not a minor, was provided with a duplicate key and proper rations, and the nature of her work was not hazardous, but additional sessions judge IS Mehta rejected the application on the grounds that the girl was 13 years old and rescued after \"four days of confinement from the flat, empty stomach and without food.\" The court also noted that leaving the minor locked in the house was \"inhuman conduct\" and the nature of her work needed to be investigated.Appearing for the Vermas, advocate Shailendra Bhardwaj told the court that the couple was not in Bangkok. Later, sources close to their relatives also told TOI they had returned to the country a day after the incident came to light. \"The couple is not in Bangkok. They returned to the country on March 30,\" said Bhardwaj without divulging their whereabouts.However, police said they had no information about the couple's return. \"We have not received any information about their presence in the city or we would have arrested them,\" said a senior police official, adding that immigration officials would have promptly alerted them about the couple's return.Ever since the Dwarka case came to light on March 29, police have been trying to find out the whereabouts of the accused couple. In this regard, they had alerted the immigration department and were also considering alerting Interpol. In fact, Delhi Police issued lookout notices against the Vermas on Sunday.Police were forced to take these steps when the couple did not return to their flat in Dwarka as per their original plan on March 31.The 13-year-old help was rescued from the couple's house last Thursday after she cried from the balcony and drew the attention of a group of housemaids passing by. The doctor couple had allegedly locked up the girl before leaving for Thailand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12525026", "title": "Decision on oil price in next few days", "text": "NEW DELHI: A ministerial panel is expected to meet over the next few days to decide on the subsidy bill and a possible increase in retail prices amid growing pressure from oil marketing companies that are grappling with losses on sale of auto and kitchen fuel.The move follows a letter from the petroleum secretary G C Chaturvedi, who has estimated that oil companies lost close to 1.39 lakh crore during 2011-12, and, based on present price trends, could have under-recovery of nearly Rs 1.5 lakh crore this fiscal by selling fuel below the international price.The oil firms have been trying to increase petrol prices, and are simultaneously making a case of higher diesel price, which is currently regulated by the government. For diesel price increase, a political decision is yet to be taken from the UPA bosses, and hence it is unlikely that a hike will take place immediately. In case of petrol, oil companies are technically free to decide the price, but await a nod from the government before actually raising prices.Some in the government feel that the decision may have to be deferred till the passage of the budget in May. The ongoing civic polls in Delhi and resistance from allies - a strong possibility - are the other reasons that may impel the government to defer the hike.A hike, however, politically prohibitive, cannot be avoided because of the precarious balance sheets of oil companies that incur a loss of over Rs 9 on a litre of petrol and over Rs 16 on a litre of diesel.The finance ministry is unwilling to provide additional subsidy given the tight fiscal situation. Besides, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee's has committed to cap the total subsidy bill at 2% of GDP during the current fiscal, and pare it further over the next three years.North Block is also arguing that by cutting taxes and foregoing Rs 49,000 crore in revenue, the government has already taken over its share of the burden. Based on that argument, it has provided an additional Rs 45,000 crore in the budget, taking the overall oil subsidy for 2011-12 to Rs 68,481 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12530647", "title": "IPL should be scared of 'Jannat 2': Emraan Hashmi", "text": "Actor Emraan Hashmi, who is back with the sequel of 'Jannat' releasing during the Indian Premier League (IPL) season, says they are not scared to release the film during the cricket tournament.Directed by Kunal Deshmukh, the film is a sequel to the 2008-hit film Jannat. The second instalment is up for release May 4. Even Jannat was released during the IPL season in 2008.\"Last time, even Jannat was released during IPL and there was so much buzz about the tournament at that time. There was a match of Kolkata Knight Riders and we had gone to Kolkata to promote our film,\" Emraan told reporters at the music launch of Jannat 2 .\"That time, all the theatres were almost full... we had almost got 100 per cent opening for Jannat . We are hoping it continues for 'Jannat 2' as well. We are not scared of IPL... but IPL should be scared of us,\" he said.Echoing similar sentiments, producer Mukesh Bhatt said, \"When IPL came for the first time, we were not afraid to release our film, then why should we be afraid this time? We are sure that our film will captivate audience. Like Emraan said, IPL must be scared of us and not we. We will storm the theatres whatever be the match, Jannat 2 will be a match-wining team.\"Jannat was based on betting in cricket, the sequel is about the illegal trading in arms and ammunition.Emraan plays the role of an arms dealer called Sonu Dili KKC.\"This is the most entertaining character I have played till date. In 2008, I played Arjun Dixit in Jannat and that was by far my favourite character. The character is funnier, more entertaining and has got grey shades, but he is extremely endearing,\" Emraan said.Model Esha Gupta makes her debut in Bollywood with this film opposite Emraan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12529084", "title": "Angelina Jolie inspires Karisma's Dangerous Ishhq's look?", "text": "We saw it once. And then had to go back to check it out once again. 'It' being the first look of Karisma Kapoor's comeback film Dangerous Ishhq that released today.Dressed in a flowing crimson dress, and putting her (best?) foot forward, the actress held a sultry Angelina Jolie-esque posture in the posters. Was that a conscious decision, we asked the actress, who simply laughed it off and said, \"Honestly, we didn't think about the poster at all. We had done this photo shoot way earlier. There is a strange similarity but it is not inspired by Jolie.\"But the actress did say that the West has influenced the industry. And we are not just talking about the films here. Karisma said how working for a mother has now become easier. \"We have become like the West. Like Angelina Jolie or Kate Winslet , I too have kids and have responsibilities beyond my job. Vikram (Bhatt) and the production house worked out the dates according to me. They know that I am a mother.\"And while the media has been busy tagging Vikram Bhatt's supernatural thriller as Karisma's 'comeback' film, the actress was of a different opinion. \"I had simply taken a sabbatical. A maternity leave. People keep telling me that it is the best time to comeback since female oriented films are back in fashion. But when I worked earlier, I did a commercially successful Biwi No 1 and also a Zubeida. A good actor and good script will always work,\" said Karisma.And work she did. \"I had the best time of my life,\" claimed the actress and said, \"The role was challenging and a lot of fun. It's a different role - and by that I mean people will literally see me in different avatars.\"Excited about the promo launch, Karisma added, \"I don't know the fate of the movie. We have worked really hard. Making a 3D film is not exactly easy. The promos have come out really exciting.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12527154", "title": "Drink, drive and pay bigger price: Cops", "text": "If you are caught driving under the influence of alcohol, be prepared to be booked under additional charges.Stung by two back-to-back mishaps involving drunk drivers in the western suburbs, the traffic police have decided to revamp their six-year-old campaign and crack the whip on offenders. Apart from the Motor Vehicles Act, the traffic police will now apply provisions of the Bombay Prohibition Act as well to nail drunk motorists caught without permits.Senior officials said they were also open to having a collaborative effort with pub and bar owners to launch a \"safe ride\" campaign.The state has upped the legal age for purchase and consumption of hard liquor to 25 years. If a drunk motorist caught at a nakabandi is under 25, he/she has naturally been drinking without a permit . When booked under Bombay Prohibition Act and if found guilty, an offender can be jailed for at least three months and fined Rs 5,000. Repeat offenders will have to pay a maximum fine of Rs 50,000 and be jailed for up to five years.A liquor permit is necessary in Maharashtra for the purchase, possession , transport, and consumption of liquor. \"Usually, the local police record cases under the Bombay Prohibition Act and check permits . But we have decided to invoke the act to nail drunk drivers as well,\" said additional police commissioner (traffic) Brijesh Singh.The traffic police also plan to write to the relevant authorities to consider cancelling the licences of establishments that allow patrons to drive after having a drink. \"The entire problem starts from a pub or a bar. We do not have issues with people drinking but they should strictly not drive after that. The owners of pubs and bars can provide chauffeurs or hire cabs for their patrons to ensure that nobody drives in an inebriated condition,\" a senior official said. \"We don't mind holding a meeting with all stakeholders if they come forward and launch a 'safe ride' campaign.The traffic police will also change locations and timings of nakabandis and carry out more surprise checks.Cases This YearDrunk driving offences recorded by traffic police: 3,720 Simple imprisonment awarded: 1,714 Suspension of driving licence: 1,406 (Figures from Jan to March)The first 60 minutesThe first 60 minutes after an accident are considered the most crucial window in salvaging the victim The chances of survival go up by over 40% if appropriate care is rendered within the first hour The idea is to protect the victim from more harm, to reduce pain and bleeding, and to take the victim to the nearest tertiary hospital In casualty treatment, the priorities are to treat shock, asphyxia, cardiac arrest and severe bleeding The concept of golden hour originated in American military experience in the Vietnam War .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12526069", "title": "Self-assessment workshop at Shail Institutions", "text": "INDORE: The Shail Group of Institutions organized a self assessment and management workshop (SAM) at its campus on Tuesday.Thirty five young SAM volunteers from Delhi presented theme-based skits, dance and music. The programmes were entertaining and thought-provoking package of motivation.Sadvi Pragya Bharti said youths have an indispensable role in serving our nation. They alone form 41.5 per cent of country's population.Besides 2,500 students of Shail Group of Institutions, another 2,000 students from 30 reputed schools participated in the workshop.The programme ended with a musical note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "somani (kurukshetra)", "code": "12526844", "title": "H1N1 case: Family in trauma, courtesy lax health authorities", "text": "SOMANI (KURUKSHETRA): Thanks to lack of foresight on the part of the health department, especially after PGIMER, Chandigarh, confirmed a 21-year-old girl of being tested positive for H1N1 , the family as well as residents of the village are yet to come out of the trauma.The health department's failure in counseling the family as well as taking other measures stand exposed as the patient's family members as well as the neighbors could be seen consulting private medical practioners or being forced to take precautions on their own.Enquiries made by The Times of India team during visit to the girl's family as well as village sarpanch revealed that except for the day when she was tested positive and the next day, what to talk of screening of family members and their neighbors, the medicos from the district health department did not bother to visit the family even for the purpose of counseling.It is pertinent to mention that interacting with The Times of India, Dr Vandana Bhatia, the Kurukshetra civil surgeon, had claimed that \"a team had visited the family as well as 15 families whom the girl used to visit quite frequently''. And it was only after The Times of India took up the matter with Kurukshetra deputy commissioner Mandeep Brar on Tuesday, the civil surgeon had sent another team of doctors for counseling.As a result since March 28, when the girl was tested positive, the family members are fearful of entering the room where she used to sleep. A bag of hand sanitizers, masks, half-a-dozen packs of antiseptic disinfectants could be seen in the house.\"It was on the same day when the health department's team had come. They took details of the family members and left the place. Next day a doctor had come from Pipli and he too also left and our queries like precaution to be taken remained unanswered,'' said her kin.As a result, a sneeze by an elder in the house shocks us. Just imagine, we have sent the grandchildren to far off places just to ensure that they don't get any kind of infections, she added.The girl's first cousin elaborated upon the fear among family members due to lack of counseling. \"Despite cleaning her room thrice a day with phenyl mixed water, we don't open her room. Similarly, anybody visiting PGI is being asked to remove the clothes and have bath with disinfectant mixed water. Our ladies are asked to wear masks while cleaning the clothes. Had there been counseling, situation would have been easy for us,'' he said.When contacted, Kurukshetra civil surgeon Dr Vandana Bhatia denied any kind of laxity on the part of health department. \"We are carrying out the survellience as provided in the manual. Since we don't want to create any panic among family as well as village, hence we avoid more visits. Otherwise, a doctor from nearby PHC and a multipurpose health worker has been put on the job for their monitoring,'' she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "12526776", "title": "Heroin worth 5 crore seized", "text": "KOHIMA: Nagaland police personnel manning the narcotic check gate at Chumukedima detected and seized heroin weighing more than 2 kg, worth Rs 5 crore in the international market, on Sunday evening around 6 pm from a bus passenger while proceeding towards Dimapur.Police told media that the consignment, which was neatly packed and concealed in the suitcase, was reportedly coming from Imphal and heading for Guwahati. Police also said that an alert head constable, Omatsungba, from the Nagaland Police (INT), narcotic cell, got suspicious when, while checking the passengers and their luggage, he came across a suitcase that was filled a handful of clothes but weighed extraordinarily heavy. He cut open one side of the suitcase and found the hidden powder consignment. Police arrested the passenger who owned the suitcase, a Md Siad Khan (28) of Kshetri Gaon under Singjamei police station in Imphal East district for illegally possession of the contraband substance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12527242", "title": "25,000 stillbirths in state each year", "text": "PUNE: More than 25,000 babies are stillborn every year in the state, finds the latest report of the health department. Experts say lack of antenatal or pre-delivery care, low patient registration and nutritional anaemia in mothers are primarily the reasons for stillbirths.Mumbai reports over 2,000 stillbirths every year, which is highest in the city areas, followed by Pune with more than 1,000 stillbirths. Last year, Pune city alone registered 1,157 stillbirths . Ironically, mother and child care has been high on the priority list of the civic bodies for many years.\"We are strengthening the reporting system of stillbirths. Looking at the last two years' data, there has been a slight decline in stillbirths in 2011 over 2010, although cases have not come down significantly. Over 25,000 stillbirths occur each year in the state,\" V K Rokde, assistant director (child health), told TOI on Tuesday.British medical journal Lancet recently quoted scientists saying that by 2020, about 90% of all stillbirths will occur in south Asia and so it is important that India document it more seriously.According to the state health department's latest report released by Health Management Information System (HMIS) on April 3, around 16.67 lakh and 17.50 lakh deliveries took place in Maharashtra between April 2009 to March 2010 and April 2010 and March 2011 respectively. Stillbirth cases were 27,741 and 26,685 over these two periods.Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation alone reported 2,164 stillbirth cases in 2009-10 and 2,517 cases of stillbirths in 2010-11 , the HMIS report states. Barring Thane district reporting over 1,000 stillbirths each year, the remaining components in Mumbai circle reported between 36 and 500 cases per year, the report states.Mumbai circle accounted for the highest number of stillbirths (5,232) in 2009-10 and 5,262 in 2010-11 . Mumbai circle comprises the municipal corporations of Bhiwandi, Brihanmumbai, Kalyan, Mira Bhayander, Navi Mumbai, Thane, Ulhasnagar and Raigad as well as Ratnagiri district.After Mumbai, Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) reported 1,157 cases in 2010-11 . The other corporations reported cases ranging between 324 to 761. Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation reported 354 stillbirths in 2010-11 and 350 cases in 2009-10.Pune circle recorded 2,947 cases in 2009-2010 and 3,265 cases in 2010-11 . Pune circle comprises of the municipal corporations of Pune, Pimpri Chinchwad, Solapur, Pune district and Solapur district. After Mumbai circle, Nagpur and Nashik circles reported 3,444 and 4, 807 stillbirths respectively in 2010-11 .In 2009-2010 , Nagpur and Nashik circle reported 4,560 and 5,137 stillbirths respectively . The rural parts of Nashik reported 1,164 stillbirths in 2009-10 and 1,084 cases in 2010-11 . \"The data on stillbirths is important as actions can be designed to eliminate the contributing factors. Most of the reasons like nutritional anaemia , which is often seen in expecting mothers, can be avoided with proper diet and medication,\" Rokde said.However, there are chances that the current stillbirth figures are under-reported . An ongoing exercise to review and audit maternal and infant deaths has brought home the fact that deliveries are being under-reported and there is little data on the number of stillbirths, a state health official said.An Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) study reports that the stillbirth rate in the urban settings of India is 24 to 26 per thousand deliveries. In the urban slum areas, it is 37 stillbirths per thousand deliveries and could be even more in the rural areas.\"These figures suggest the importance of registration of patients for antenatal care. Consulting a doctor at regular intervals soon after conceiving helps avert the eventuality of stillbirth. Stillbirths are traumatic and difficult for parents to deal with. Often, pregnant women , especially those from the economically weaker sections and even lower middle class sections of society , approach hospitals only when the full term is nearing completion and they start experiencing labour pains,\" said senior gynaecologist Charuchandra Joshi, president of the Pune Obstetrics and Gynaecological Society (POGS).Stillbirths are not seriously reported. Medically certified cause of death for stillbirths is inadequate. In the rural areas, a majority of these deaths occur at homes. The state health department has set up a regional committee to review maternal deaths and the exercise also focused on finding the number of stillbirths and the main reasons for deaths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12526346", "title": "No irregularity in Darbhanga Medical College and Hospital purchase, says minister", "text": "PATNA: State health minister Aswhini Kumar Chaubey on Tuesday said in the state assembly that the government was ready to get enquired the alleged irregularities in purchase of vicryl sutures used in major operations for Darbhanga Medical College and Hospital (DMCH).Giving reply to a short-notice question of BJP member Sanjay Saraogi regarding alleged irregularities in purchase of sutures used in major operations, Chaubey said that no irregularity was committed and he was ready to get proved the credentials of the government through an enquiry at any level. He said that from 2007 to 2010, 23,719 major operations were done at the DMCH and the vicryl sutures purchased were used.Saraogi claimed that 87,600 sutures were purchased at a cost of Rs 1.06 crore in DMCH from December 2007 to March 2008 and in July 2008 availability of sutures was shown 'zero' in order to purchase 84,000 pieces of sutures at a cost of Rs 66.53 lakh while only 3,260 operations were done in the DMCH from December 2007 to July 2008.Power tariff issue: Speaker Uday Narayan Chaudhary rejected the plea of RJD member Durga Prasad Singh seeking adjournment motion to oppose increase in power tariff rate. This made the RJD members to walk out.Action against BDOs: Rural development minister Nitish Mishra said that action was taken against BDOs for irregularities in Indira Awas Scheme. He added that six BDOs were removed, two suspended and departmental proceedings against nine were initiated and in the next 15 days action would be taken against the BDOs concerned for any other irregularities in Indira Awas schemes, he said while replying to call attention motion of RJD member Akhtarul Iman. Indira Awas beneficiaries would have to be careful in filing affidavit with applications seeking Indira Awas to avoid any action against them in case of their any link in irregularities in giving Indira Awas, Mishra said, adding that this is being done to remove the nexus of middlemen from the system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12526264", "title": "Children's Park library set for digital makeover", "text": "KOCHI: To augment the entertainment options for tiny tots in the city, the district administration has decided to add more facilities at the Children's Park. District collector P I Sheik Pareeth said the library in the park would be computerized and more books added to its collection.According to the plan, the district administration along with the District Council for Child Welfare (DCCW) will undertake the job of making it an e-library. \"We are in discussion with Granthasala Sangham on how to implement the scheme and what other facilities should be introduced,\" Pareeth said.It's the Granthasala Sangham that gives approval for libraries. The projectto revive the library will cost around Rs 2 lakh. It will be completed in one month's time. \"We plan to revive the library, which in the park that wasn't functioning due to poor maintenance. We will add 1,000 more books. Once computerization and launch of the e-library is launched, kids will find visiting the place a rewarding experience,\" said K J Tomy, additional development commissioner, DCCW. The collector also said a mini planetarium and a computer-simulated game would be introduced in the park.To make the summer vacation more colourful, the authorities have announced several vacation camps and programmes at the park. The major attraction will be a two-month-long Children's Film Festival, being organized by DCCW and the Heartlight Association, from April 4.A children's literary festival, painting festival, magic show, environmental awareness sessions and kavi arangu will also be held as part of the vacation camp. There is also a plan to introduce a training programme in skating for children. During the film festival, short-films and documentaries filmed by children will be screened from 5.30 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12526366", "title": "Kerala Financial Corporation profit climbs 23.6% in FY2011-12", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala Financial Corporation (KFC) has posted 23.62% increase in net profit after tax at Rs 45 crore in fiscal 2011-12 from Rs 36.40 crore a year earlier, according to provisional figures released by the government body.Net interest income rose of the Corporation went up32% to Rs 173.98 crore from Rs 131.84 crore a year earlier, and was more than double the figure achieved four years ago. , KFC said in a statement on Tuesday\"The Corporation achieved this performance in spite of keeping its effective interest rate very low. While most of the other SFCs are charging interest at more than 16%, KFC is charging only 13%,\" KFC said. in the statementThe lender also saw improved performances in operational areas like disbursement of loans, recovery of loans, collection of interest income and the reduction of non-performing assets (NPAs). Loan sanctions reached Rs 539.02 crore and loan disbursements totalled Rs 464.68 crore. rom Rs 443.44 crore in the previous year, while loan recoveries touched Rs 469.30 crore, higher than last year's Rs 354.73 crore.Gross NPAs have been brought down to 7% from 8.20% a year ago. , and is only a fraction of the 44.49% NPA levels recorded in 2007-08.Per employee productivity rose sharply to more than Rs 10 lakh per annum, while just four years ago, it was negative.KFC has targeted sanctions of Rs 600 crore and disbursements of Rs 500 crore in 2012-13. The company also foresees interest income of Rs 200 crore in fiscal 2013.The Corporation, which has been optimizing its fund management through daily monitoring of funds, has improved its recovery procedures through e-sale to ensure transparency and eliminate malpractices in auction of properties taken over from defaulting borrowers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh/gurgaon", "code": "12527448", "title": "Sequel to hit film on honour killing", "text": "CHANDIGARH/GURGAON: An inter-caste love story may again hit the cinemas of Haryana and other Hindi-speaking areas of North India when the sequel of super hit Haryanvi movie 'Chandrawal' will be released next month.'Chandrawal' was a tragic love story of a boy of the Jat community and a girl of the 'Gadia Lohar' community where the hero is killed when her grandfather throws a knife to kill the heroine. The girl then prises the knife from the body of her lover to sacrifice herself.\"The new film, 'Chandrawal-2' will start from this episode,\" said Nishant Prabhakar, the co-producer and director of the film on Tuesday. The heroine of movie, Sikha Nehra, said \"People think 'Chandrawal-2' is the story of re-birth, but I would say that it is a new and interesting story.\"Thousands lovers still face resistance in the name of caste and so-called traditions in Haryana leading honour killings. 'Chandrawal' had depicted the problem in 1984. It had broken multiple box office records and was very successful in Haryana, UP, Delhi and parts of Punjab and Rajasthan grossing more than Hindi films like 'Sholay' and 'Bobby' in many areas. Chandrawal celebrated its silver jubilee at a Faridabad cinema recovering its entire cost (Rs 5 lakh) from that one theatre alone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12527442", "title": "'Terror suspects' battle stigma to lead normal life", "text": "MUMBAI: Shaking off the social stigma of being a terror suspect and leading a respectable life do not seem to be easy.The 26-year-old youth from the city may have been able to turn a new leaf with police help, even after returning from a terror training camp, but \"normal life\" seems to elude several others, who were marked as terror suspects . TOI finds out that getting a job or even getting married can be very difficult for such \"suspects\" , even after decades of their first brush with the law.Bookseller Jameel Gulzar (35), joined Students' Islamic Movement of India (SIMI), now a banned outfit, in 1996. A few years later, he realized that he did not subscribe to its ideology. \"I quit the outfit in 2000 before it was banned and submitted a copy of my resignation letter to the local police station. It's been 12 years now, but still, I am called for questioning if there is any terror attack,\" said Gulzar, whose financial condition is rather poor. After quitting SIMI in 2002, he came to Mumbai for job and gave his new address to the police. \"Whenever I visited my hometown, I told the Mumbai police and after reaching home, I would have to report to the local police station once in two days. I am not involved in any anti-social or anti-national activity, but I can feel the discomfort of my neighbours in having tea with me,\" said Gulzar who is yet to find a girl who is ready to marry him.Similar is the story of another man in his early 30s who was put behind bars for his \"participation\" in SIMI activities. Though he is innocent , he is apparently socially ostracized. \"Though I did not commit any crime but I was jailed for a few months and labelled an active member of a terror outfit. I want to lead a normal life but every week, I have to visit the local police station and tell them I have not left the city,\" said the former SIMI member, showing a diary where the police sign with the date and time whenever he goes for his \"attendance\" . He joined SIMI to work for the community, but by the time he realized his mistake, it was too late. \"When I decided to leave, the outfit had already been banned. Even today, I have to report to the police every month,\" he said, adding that he could get married after a four-year hunt, as most of the proposals sent to prospective brides were turned down due to his name in the police records.The 13/7 blasts, which claimed several lives and maimed more than 100, wreaked havoc on the life of a civil engineer from Ghatkopar. \"I was charged of being part of a banned outfit in 2003. There was not a single witness against me in court. But I was made to sit in a crime branch unit for two days before I was given clean chit. I am focusing on my business and working hard so that my children can study better,\" said the 40-plus engineer.(Names changed to protect identities)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12526119", "title": "\u2018Scrapping subsidy for Haj pilgrimage a welcome move\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: External affairs minister S M Krishna's statement on the likelihood of abolition of the Haj subsidy on Monday found support among a large section of the Muslim community. Intellectuals and members from religious organizations said that the subsidy should be withdrawn and reasoned that as per the Islamic sharia, Haj should be performed by Muslims using their own resources.So far, the Haj subsidy is given in the form of airfare. Pilgrims applying through the Haj Committee of India are offered a concessionary air fare for the round trip cost to Saudi Arabia . As against the actual fare of Rs 32,000, a pilgrim pays Rs 16,000 while the rest is taken care of by the government.In fact, religious leaders insist that no one from the community had asked for a Haj subsidy. It was introduced in the early 1970s after the oil crises that caused losses to Moghul Line-a Shipping Corporation of India subsidiary. The corporation used to operate a four-ship Haj service. \"The ship service was done away with and the government subsequently announced the subsidy in the air fare,\" said Hafiz Peer Shabbir Ahmed, former chairman, State Haj Committee. He emphasized that the subsidy was not for the pilgrims but for the sustenance of Air India .Syed Zafar Mahmood, president, Zakat Foundation of India said that Haj is mandatory for only those Muslims who have no financial obligations and are fit to take the arduous journey. \"It is not tourism but a religious obligation. Those who have the capacity can perform the pilgrimage and it's not binding on the rest,\" said Mahmood. Further, he insisted that calling government's act of reducing airfare a 'subsidy', can even be termed as a misnomer. For, if the tenders are called at the international level, the two-way journey might cost even lesser for the pilgrims than what they are paying now considering that around 1.25 lakh pilgrims perform the annual pilgrimage from India. Shabbir Ahmed urged the government to allow Haj Committee of India to call tenders and make its own travel arrangements.While on another note, prominent social scientist Javed Alam, said that the Haj subsidy should instead be invested in education and upliftment of the girl child. \"The subsidy should be removed. India is a secular country and the resources need to be spent on the poor,\" urged Alam who is also former chairperson of the Indian Council of Social Sciences and Research.When contacted, State Haj Committee chairperson Syed Khaleeluddin Ahmed said that so far, the reforms are still in the planning stage and nothing can be commented on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12526615", "title": "Gravel supply disruptions stall Metro work, hit construction work", "text": "JAIPUR: The disruption in gravel supplies is threatening to derail the scheduled opening on Metro Rail in June 2013 as work on many stretches and segments has come to a halt after the Rajasthan High Court banned mining from Banas River. The court order has become effective from March 31, 2012.DSE, one of the five companies, working on a stretch of 9.2 km between Mansarovar to Chandpol has already stopped work and there is no hope in sight as to when the gravel supplies will be restored to resume the construction of elevated viaduct. The company has also stalled construction of girders at Mansarovar casting yard.Project director Lalit Meghnani said, \"One of the contracted companies DSE is already out of stock and stopped the work at the sites. As there is no alterative source, the situation looks grim.\"The stock positions with other companies involved in the construction don't offer any hope either. If supplies don't resume immediately, they will also have no other option but to halt the work.\"The other contracted companies, some of whom are working on stations, have a stock position that cannot last more than three days. If there is no supply in coming days, their work will also be affected,\" added Meghnani.Apart from Metro Rail project, the construction industry in the city is also facing the heat.Projects involving affordable housing schemes and construction at Ram-Niwas Bagh parking are set to face difficult times in the absence of gravels.Vinay Joshi, president, Rajasthan Affordable Housing Association, said, \"There are nine construction sites of affordable housing scheme in the city. We have a maximum stock that will sustain us only a couple of days.\"An official at Jaipur Development Authority said that given the insufficient stock, the work at Ram-Niwas Bagh parking too will not be possible on Wednesday.The dramatic drop in construction activities is having its cascading effect on other related businesses as well.\"In past two days, the business has gone down up to 60% as there are few buyers for bricks, cements and other materials required for construction. The brick and cement companies too have reduced their supplies.\" said Raman Mangawa, a businessman.He added, \"The demand of laborers coming from villages has declined over the past few days affecting their livelihood.\"Meanwhile, the gravels from other rivers such as Bandi and Maasi are brought to the market. However, due to more content of sand, there is less demand for the material. In normal days, around 1,500 trucks of gravels from Banas River supply the material to the city everyday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12525967", "title": "Nashik boy shows off table tennis skills in UK", "text": "NASHIK: He went to Nottingham, England, to get a master's degree in entrepreneurship so that he could join his parents in their expanding business. But being a hardcore sportsman, Jay Modak (22), a former three-time national junior table tennis champion and a member of the Indian team for the youth Commonwealth Games, took his table tennis kit along with him for some practice in his leisure time.\"I was pleasantly surprised to find that my University has a very good table tennis team and that it regularly takes part in tournaments with other universities. After watching my game, the team invited me to join them,\" said Jay, son of former national player Sanjay Modak, who is still active in the state table tennis association as a managing committee member.Jay was a top-ranked player throughout his ten-year career in state and national competitions. His experience as a top-draw player in India made things easy for him to earn a place and plaudits in the Nottingham University team. Coach Nicola Perry was impressed by Jay's attacking style and Perry being a former Commonwealth Games gold medalist at the age of thirteen gave Jay some very good tips that helped him improve his game. There were 74 Universities in the fray and the quality of the matches was the best. \"I had never faced such stiff competition in my whole career. That is why I felt proud after beating so many top teams in our group to reach the finals,\" said Jay.\"The achievement is particularly significant as the format of the tournament was very tough. Four players of each team played each other and on our way to the summit clash we defeated strong teams like Oxford, Leeds, Warwick, Edinburgh, Exeter and East Anglia. In the final we locked horns with the University of Loughborough. We were unlucky to lose 8-9 but it was a nail-biting affair and the experience was world-class,\" said Jay.Jay said that his team included top-seeded British player Paul McCreery, which made things easy for them. The runners-up title helped them get a ticket for the European Inter-University Championships taking place in Spain in July 2012.Talking about the team's chances in the European championship, Jay said the team will be going to China for preparation and that he is eagerly looking forward to that experience. \"But I am more keen and excited to show off my skills in Spain, where I will be rubbing shoulders with some world-class players. I have improved my game tremendously during the last 6-7 months under Nicola and hence am hopeful to fare better,\" said Jay, adding, \"I hope our performance and achievement here will stand us in good stead.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "12526541", "title": "No news of missing engineer yet", "text": "SAMBALPUR: Police are clueless about the retired engineer, who went missing from here a week ago. Bhawani Prasad Mishra was last seen with a woman near his home at Sriram Vihar here on March 26. His son has filed a missing complaint with Burla police station.\"It is difficult to draw any conclusion because we do not have any concrete evidence about his whereabouts. Efforts are on to trace him,\" additional SP (Sambalpur) Dilip Kumar Deo said on Tuesday. However, he said it was not a kidnapping because no ransom cll has been made.Mishra from Bargarh was living here since his retirement in 1998 as executive engineer of Sambalpur municipality. After his wife's death in 2001, he was residing alone. Though both his son and daughter live outside the state, they maintain regular contact with their father over phone. \"He had employed a youth to look after his house,\" one of his neighbours said.Police said Mishra's daughter, who resides in Kolkata, received a message from his cellphone stating that he was alright and not to worry about him. But he did not respond when his daughter tried to speak to him. \"We have registered a case basing on the report of his son Asutosh. We have also formed a special squad comprising senior officers of the district to investigate the matter,\" Deo said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12527935", "title": "Maximum temperature to go up in coming days", "text": "LUCKNOW: The maximum temperature rose further in the state on Tuesday. While highest mercury level in the city was 38.2 degrees Celsius, two degrees above normal, it crossed 40 degrees Celsius in many parts of east UP and Bundelkhand. The weather office said similar conditions will prevail on Wednesday.State Met director JP Gupta said dry winds and bright sunshine is leading to rise in temperature. He said temperatures will go up in coming days.However, he said, rain was reported in the hill region on Tuesday and this would reduce the temperature of the northwesterly winds coming towards the state.The winds, he added, will prevent temperatures to rise further on Wednesday but thereafter hot weather trend will continue.In Lucknow, not only the maximum temperature was high during the day but minimum temperature during the night was 19.2 degrees Celsius , two degrees above normal. Cluster of clouds during the afternoon also made weather slightly humid. However, sky was clear by the night. On Wednesday, the maximum temperature is expected to be around 38 degrees Celsius.According to weather office, Jhansi and Banda were hottest in the state with 42 degrees Celsius followed by Allahabad 41.3 degrees Celsius, Agra 41.1 degrees Celsius, Hamirpur 41 degrees Celsius and Varanasi 40.4 degrees Celsius. While Rae Bareli recorded 39.4 degrees Celsius, Sultanpur 39.3 degrees Celsius and Gorakhpur 38.4 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "12526397", "title": "Chirang evictees should be rehabilitated: Bodoland Territorial Council coordinator", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: The chief coordinator of the Bodoland Territorial Council Congress Committee, Bikramsing Brahma, after a visit to eviction sites in the Lumsung-Laopani area of Chirang reserve forest in Kokrajhar district, said the eviction drive and burning down of houses by civil groups was most unfortunate.He said the people of the area, as citizens of India, should either be allowed to stay here or the government should make alternative arrangements for them. He said the government has stayed the eviction order and no eviction should be carried out in Lumsung. \"The eviction should be carried out as per the rules of the Forest Act and there should be alternative arrangements for the evicted people. There should not be any discrimination and the eviction should not be done community-wise,\" he said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12526928", "title": "Finance co MD\u2019s bail plea dismissed", "text": "CHENNAI: A special court on Tuesday rejected the bail plea of a managing director of a non-banking financial company, who is accused of not returning a depositor's money. His remand has been extended till April 10.George Kuruvilla was arrested by Economic Offences Wing based on a complaint by S Geetha on March 26, 2012. Kuruvilla, a chartered accountant, is one of the managing directors of Integrated Finance Company Limited, in T Nagar. Geetha said she deposited 1.22 lakh in her name and her daughter's name. Part of the money was put into a fixed deposit at the rate of 8.5% . The rest was deposited as a bond certificate at a rate of 10.5%.Since she did not get her money back, Geetha lodged a complaint with EOW.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12527327", "title": "Teacher sends lewd SMSs to 12-yr-old", "text": "MUMBAI: A Class VIII student has accused a teacher of repeatedly misbehaving with her and sending her obscene emails and SMSes in Mulund.The police said the 12-yearold victim had complained that her Hindi teacher used to send at least one such message and an email every day since December 2011. The accused then started making calls to find out her reaction to the messages and mails she had received.The accused, identified as Anupam Dwivedi, is a Hindi teacher with an English medium school in Mulund where the victim studies. \"Probe has revealed that Dwivedi had sent the obscene text messages to the victim asking her to have a physical relationship with him,\" said assistant commissioner of police (Mulund division ) Mahadev Gundewadi.Dwivedi has been booked for outraging the modesty of a woman and for sending or writing obscene and vulgar messages . \"Soon after the case was registered ,he complained of chest pain. He will be arrested after he is discharged,\" the ACP said.\"The matter crossed the limits when Dwivedi misbehaved with me on the school premises . I told my parents and decided to lodge a complaint against him,\" the victim said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12526247", "title": "LNG pipeline solution in 10 daysissues to be solved soon", "text": "KOCHI: The more than six-month-old impasse over the GAIL pipeline project through SmartCity and Naval Armament Depot (NAD) areas will be resolved in ten days.Additional chief secretary (Industries) V Somasundaram told TOI that one or two viable proposals have already been drafted for resuming the pipeline work through SmartCity project area and a final decision would be taken soon. Similarly, NAD authorities have also assured that they would get clearance for the pipeline work in the next few days.Work on these pipeline stretches (about 800 metre) were stopped citing safety considerations. Reacting to the latest developmentGAIL deputy general manager K P Ramesh said that laying pipelines through these stretches were critical for the completion of the first phase of LNG pipeline project.\"We will be able to complete both works within a month once we get the necessary permissions.'' First phase of the pipeline will carry gas from the Petronet LNG terminal to Amabalamukal and Udyogamandal areas.The terminal will start trial run in July and commercial operation in October. The first phase of pipeline should be completed much earlier than commissioning of the LNG terminal.The total project would cost Rs 3,700 crore and involves construction of a 1,114km-long pipeline from the LNG terminal at Puthuvypeen to Mangalore and Bangalore. In Kerala the pipeline will pass through Ernakulam, Thrissur, Palakkad, Malappuram, Kozhikode, Kannur, and Kasaragod.Some private land owners have objected against the pipeline in some areas on the route beyond Amabalamukal and Udyogamandal areas. Collectors in these districts have been directed to resolve the issue and make land available for the project by May 31, Somasundaram said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12527494", "title": "Water crisis worsens summer blues", "text": "GUWAHATI: With summer setting in, an acute water crisis has hit several parts of Guwahati. While people in Ulubari are buying water from carriers and private suppliers, some families in Bharalumukh are complaining of muddy water in the taps. In Rupnagar area, long queues of residents is a common sight as they eagerly wait for the water vans to arrive. Rehabari, Boragaon and Jalukbari areas too have not been spared from the crisis.Residents said it is time for the Guwahati Municipal Corporation (GMC) and the authorities concerned to make some arrangements to prove relief to city dwellers from this water crisis. \"We found leeches in the water supplied by GMC. Sometimes mud comes out of taps and the stench of the water is unbearable. We have been facing these issues for the last three months. Though we have contacted GMC officials, their response has not been satisfactory. We have to boil the water even after it goes through a purifier,\" said Pranab Kumar Das, a senior citizen of Bharalumukh. Ganesh Boro, a shopkeeper of Kacharibasti, said: \"We In Kacharibasti are bathing, drinking and cooking from water purchased for Rs 7 per container.\"The crisis is blamed on the fall in capacity of GMC three water treatment plants in Panbazar, Satpukhuri, and Kamakhya. The corporation is also not keen to make fresh investment in these plants as the Guwahati Metropolitan Development Authority (GMDA) has undertaken water supply projects to provide running water in Guwahati.The GMC's water treatment plant, which came up at Panbazar in 1963 and has the highest water treatment capacity in the city, needs to be revamped. After reduction in the capacity, the Panbazar, Satpukhuri and Kamakhya plants are supplying nearly 45 million liter water per day. While the Satpukhuri plant near Uzanbazar came up in 1984, the Kamakhya plant was launched in 1992.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12525409", "title": "Tata UMPP: Govt ready to relent", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Gujarat government has finally decided to set aside its earlier stiff attitude towards the Tatas' demand for a sharp upward revision of the price of electricity produced by the Mundra Ultra Mega Power Project (MUMPP) agreed upon with the Tata Power.A senior official told TOI, \"Though we have not said this in writing so far, we have come round to the view that the contentious issue should to go the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) for a final decision. We have also conveyed this to Tatas in an internal meeting.\" The Tatas want that the power purchase agreement (PPA) between the Tata Power and the state government - agreed upon at Rs 2.86 per unit - to be revised upward by at least 70 paise. The reason given is a sharp rise in the price of the imported coal from Indonesia, used as fuel at MUMPP.\"While officially we still say that there cannot be any compromise on PPA, an internal review has found that it would be unsustainable for the Tatas to continue at Rs 2.86 per unit,\" the official said.Giving the example of Enron in Maharashtra, the official said, \"A similar dispute arose between Enron and Maharashtra on the price of power. As the Maharashtra government did not agree to any upward revision because of the rise in the cost of fuel, Enron was forced to withdraw its project. We do not want a similar thing to happen to Gujarat.\"A 4,000 MW project, MUMPP's first phase of 800 MW has been commissioned. 40% of the power produced at the site is reserved for Gujarat, while the rest would go to other states. The three beneficiary states, apart from Gujarat are - Rajasthan, Haryana and Punjab.\"The Tatas must clearly tell CERC the price at which it gets coal from Indonesia and at what price it can provide power to Gujarat and other states. Based on its representation, we will accept any CERC order, including an upward revision,\" the official said.It is not just Tata Power which wants to revise the price of electricity. Other UMPP promoters in other states have also demanded a similar upward revision, including at the Central level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12525682", "title": "Mumbai: The city's skyline is set to change", "text": "Paying heed to developers' demands, the civic body has submitted a proposal to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to relax norms for skyscrapers. Currently, buildings over 70m or those with 24 storeys require clearance from the state government-appointed highrise committee.Under the new proposal, the civic body will approve buildings that are up to 120m tall or those with 34 floors through agencies like the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT). Plans for buildings that are 120m to 250m tall would be approved by consultants who have constructed three buildings of this height. For buildings over 250m, developers will have to get the plans approved by foreign consultants.A high-ranking official in the chief minister's office said it will take some time before the proposal is approved. \"The chief minister has sought clarifications from the civic body on some points. He wants to know the basic reason for stipulating a height of 120 m or for that matter 250m. He also wants to know where such buildings can come up and the impact they are likely to have on local infrastructure. Chavan does not like to approve a proposal if there is no rationale behind it,\" said the official.The CM, who recently met head of the highrise committee Justice (retired high court judge) S S Parkar, has directed the state urban development department to frame guidelines clearly stipulating the powers of the highrise committee and the state-level environment assessment committee to approve projects. The guidelines are expected to be ready by May.At present, experts on the highrise committee analyze the impact of towers on surroundings, the cone of influence in case of building collapses and the impact of factors such as the wind force and earthquakes on buildings.The BMC is learnt to have framed the proposal after numerous meetings with builders affiliated to the Maharashtra Chamber of Housing Industry (MCHI).The MCHI had earlier complained to Chavan that the government-appointed highrise committee had not cleared any proposal in six months though around 300 tower proposals were pending in Mumbai.Though the highrise committee's role was limited to checking a structure's stability, it was considering infrastructure and development issues while approving proposals, the developers had argued while suggesting that the committee be disbanded.In the wake of allegations of red tapism and graft against one of the private members, the state government reconstituted the committee in September 2010, leaving out private structural engineers entirely. It was revamped again in 2011 after a member, structural expert Sailesh Mahimtura, was arrested by the anti-corruption bureau for accepting a bribe from a builder.State government officials said height checks would be in place till the BMC's fire department is better geared. Currently, the equipment with the fire department cannot reach buildings that are over 70m tall.Though the new norms seek to reduce dependence on the committee, officials said some checks in the form of an independent body of engineers and architects were necessary as BMC's engineers were not competent enough at the moment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12525642", "title": "Government wants private hospitals to fall in line", "text": "MUMBAI: With most five-star hospitals in the city showing reluctance to be part of the ambitious Rajiv Gandhi Jeevandayi Health Scheme, the state government is mulling making it mandatory for private hospitals to come on board.Health minister Suresh Shetty said in the legislative assembly on Tuesday that he has made a suggestion to chief minister to merge Jeevandayi and the charity commissioner's scheme to reserve 10% beds for the poor. \"The private hospitals are having issues with both bed reservations and low fixed rates for 972 procedures detailed under Jeevandayi. The hospitals want either of the two. I have suggested that the two be merged and a single scheme be made mandatory for them,\" Shetty said, admitting that the implementation of the ambitious scheme has been delayed.The charity commissioner is already making hospitals reserve 10% of the beds under the Bombay Public Trust Act. With the Jeevandayi scheme, they are being asked to keep a fixed cost cap on 972 surgical procedures as set by the government and at the same time, keep a portion of their revenue for treating poor patients. \"While most hospitals were involved in fixing the price of surgical procedures, they showed reluctance in taking part when the empanelment started,\" said Shetty. The state has been seeking legal opinion in the matter.The scheme aims to provide 2.4 crore identity cards across the state to allow poor patients to be treated in any private and public hospital at subsidized rates. The limit of medical treatment on each card is fixed at Rs 1.5 lakh per annum. The minister said the process of distributing 40 lakh cards in eight districts has already started and the first phase would be complete soon. In response to allegations by legislators that the state was dragging its feet, Shetty assured them that the distribution process would be complete by August and implementation will begin across the state thereafter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12525624", "title": "Cannot direct fresh probe into 26/11: Bombay high court", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Tuesday said it cannot direct reinvestigation into the 26/11 terror attacks on Mumbai as the findings of a special court fixed responsibility on terrorist Ajmal Kasab .A division bench of Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice Mridula Bhatkar was hearing an application for restoration of a PIL filed by Jyoti Badekar.Public prosecutor Pandurang Pol and Union government's advocate Rebecca Gonsalves submitted that with conviction and sentencing of Kasab and confirmation by HC, nothing remains in the petition.Allowing restoration of the PIL, the judges posted it for hearing next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12527508", "title": "Manipur militants link up with local criminals", "text": "GUWAHATI: Manipuri rebels and militant leaders holed up in the Assamese capital are linking up with local criminal groups to earn money. According to police, while the ultras are provide arms and ammunition to local gangs of vehicle lifters, robbers and drug smugglers, the miscreants share their booty with the ultras in return.\"These ultras can easily mix in the crowd as the city has a sizable Manipuri population. They have been mixing with local gangs for money. They back these gangs with arms and get a handsome share in the money collected by then. Local gangs of car lifters, drug peddlers and robbers are now taking favoutrs in Manipuri ultras,\" said a police officer.Police is also keeping an eye on some city-based courier services believed to be helping these militants in transferring money and drugs. \"There are some courier services transporting money and contrabands for them. Once the ultras collect the money, they hand it over to a local agent who with the help of many courier services transfer the money to their families and bosses in Manipur,\" added the official.At least four Manipur-based militant groups are operating in the city as of now. On Monday, the city police arrested one Haomom Seiles Chandra alias Boy, revenue officer of one such outfit - Kangleipak Communist Party (KCP)'s Nayan faction. He is said to be a kingpin of the money collectors for the outfit residing in a rented house here. The People's Liberation Army (PLA), People's Revolutionary Party of Kangleipak (Prepak), Kangleipak Communist Party (KCP) and Kanglei Yawol Kann Lup (KYKL) are some of the Manipur based militant outfits that are presently active here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12526865", "title": "Watch out, this man is serial \u2018kid\u2019napper", "text": "CHENNAI: The man who sneaked out of Thousand Lights police station on Thursday after being held for kidnapping a child has been found to be behind the abduction of a three-year-old girl, Priyadarshini.Priyadarshini of Thiruverkadu went missing from Kilpauk Medical College Hospital on January 3 and was later traced to Government Women and Children Hospital in Egmore on January 4. Bystanders of patients confronted G Kumarapandian, 28, at the hospital as he was suspiciously moving around with the child. Kumarapandian told them that he had left home with the child after a faceoff with his wife. But when they tried to take him to police, he shaked them off, and fled.Police confirmed the identity of the kidnapper with the help of Priyadarshini. \"We showed the photograph of Kumarapandian to the child. She confirmed that he was the man who kidnapped her,\" said an investigating officer.On Tuesday last, Kumarapandian abducted S Motheeswaran from near his house on T H Road in Tondiarpet. But he was caught by a special police team at Broadway bus stop when he tried to board a bus. They handed him over to CCB officials who grilled him at the Thousand Lights police station. He escaped when he was let out to use the toilet outside the building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12526952", "title": "PIL seeks to include moral studies in schools", "text": "CHENNAI: A public interest writ petition has sought introduction of moral studies as a subject in primary education.The first bench of the Madras high court comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam, concurring with the submissions of advocate S Prabakaran, asked the state government to consider the issues raised by him and take an appropriate decision in accordance with law.The matter relates to a PIL filed by V Kasinatha Bharathi, who sought a revamp of the primary education system .When the matter was taken up for hearing on Monday, Prabakaran referred to the recent incidents such as stabbing of a teacher by her student, attempts by students to commit suicide and the sexual assault of a girl by college students. He said such incidents occurred due to the absence of moral education and value-based education in schools and colleges.Prabakaran said that the primary school education system does not have physical education as a critical component, adding that the school education department has not used the funds earmarked for infrastructure. Prabakaran said schools should have amenities like drinking water, toilets and ventilation. Library, physical education and moral studies should be made the backbone of the primary education system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12526127", "title": "How to register an NGO", "text": "In a rapidly developing country such as India, NGOs (non governmental organizations) are increasingly playing a balancing role between the state and citizens to ensure the latter's easy access to fundamental rights and state/central government's developmental schemes. Being an interface between the common people and government administration, an NGO's role in streamlining the services for the masses is vital for the healthy functioning of any democracy. Kick starting an NGO requires understanding of certain procedures and laws. This week we take you through the procedure for setting up and registering an NGO in Goa.LegislationNGOs in India are registered under the Societies Registration Act, 1860, which is a central Act. According to Section 20 of the Act, the following societies can be registered: charitable societies, military orphan funds or societies, societies established for the promotion of science, literature, or the fine arts, for instruction, the diffusion of useful knowledge, the diffusion of political education, the foundation or maintenance of libraries or reading rooms for general use among the members or open to the public, or public museums and galleries of paintings and other works of art, collection of natural history, mechanical and philosophical inventions, instruments or designs. In Goa objectives other than these are also allowed.Basic requirementsIn India non-profit organizations can be registered as trusts, societies, or a private limited company, under Section-25 company. Non-profit organizations are always self-governed by a 'board of trustees' or 'managing committee' comprising individuals who generally serve in a fiduciary capacity.In order to register such an organization, the basic requirements includeA registration form, that is available without charge at the district registrar's officeA memorandum of association and rules and regulations of the organizationConsent letters of all the members of the managing committee. A minimum of seven members comprise a managing committeeAuthority letter duly signed by all the members of the managing committeeCopy of rules and regulations certified to be a correct copy of original rules and regulations by at least three managing committee membersA declaration by the members of the managing committee that the funds of the society will be used only for the purpose of furthering the aims and objects of the societyIn case any government servant holds elective office, previous sanction of the government (concerned minister) is neededRegistration procedureAll the documents mentioned above are required to be submitted in duplicate, together with the required registration fee. Except for mahila mandals, registration fee for all NGOs is Rs 50. Mahila mandals are required to pay a registration fee of Rs 10.Upon receiving the set of documents, the registrar's office issues a certificate to the society once the verification procedure is complete. While filing the registration papers, it is important to bear in mind that a society by the same name is not already registered in the state.Renewal procedureAll registered NGOs have to get their certificate of registration renewed after every five years. For the purpose of renewal, the managing committee members need to fill a renewal of certification of registration form (available at the registrar's office), along with:A fee equal to the registration fee if the NGO's registration period had not run outAn additional fee of Rs 25 if the application is filed within one month of the date of registration expiration dateAn additional fee at the rate of Rs 5 per month if the renewal application is filed after one month of the registration expiration dateA list of the names of member of the managing committee, including members elected or included in the NGO after its registration was approvedThe NGO's income and expenditure account for the current and previous year (a format for the same is available at the registrar's office)Following the submission of these documents and the associated fee, the registration of the NGO is renewed.Points to rememberThe NGOs registered under the Societies Registration Act, 1860, are 'not-for-profit' organizations, and as such they are prohibited from distributing any monetary residual to their own members.In case the NGO's registration certificate is not renewed within one year from the expiration of the period of validity of the certificate, the NGO becomes an 'unregistered society'. In such cases special procedures are required to revive the lapsed registration, which include the discretion of the government.District Registrar offices in GoaFor South GoaDistrict registrar (South), opposite ferry wharf, 1st floor, D'Mello Building, Panaji - 403001Phone: 2225440, 2235194For North GoaState registrar cum-head of notary services, 7th floor, Shram Shakti Bhavan, Patto, Panaji - 403001Phone: 2437136, 2437133If you need more details on the procedures mentioned above, email us at toi.goa@timesgroup.com with \"@ your fingertips\" in the subject line. You can also write to us at: At your fingertips, c/o Times of India, Vivenda de Hassan, D Bandodkar Road, Miramar, Panaji-403001Compiled by Rahul Rai", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12526123", "title": "Diseases on the rise as state heats up", "text": "PANAJI: Temperatures are soaring, and venturing out into the heat has become a daunting task. The change in weather has also brought with it fears of outbreak of seasonal diseases. For the record, falling sick in summer is very common. Although it is still early days on the disease front, some city hospitals have already begun receiving patients with summer-related illnesses. \"Every summer, we receive a large number of cases of dehydration causing vomiting and diarrhea, patients with skin problems and even urinary problems,\" said Goa Medical College and Hospital (GMC) medical superintendent Dr Rajan Kunkolienkar.Dr Kunkolienkar added, \"There haven't been many cases of people falling critically ill because of the heat. But there might be a 10% increase in cases of skin infection at our OPD.\"Cases of viral fever and water-borne diseases are also common during the summer. Dr Digambar Naik of Vrundavan Hospital said, \"Skin allergies are common during summer. People do not maintain good hygiene and due to heat and sweat fungal infections form on the skin,\" he said. \"Dehydration is another very common problem as people tend to drink very less water and sweat more. There will also be increased complaints of people developing kidney stones, suffering from heat stroke and even conjunctivitis ,\" he added. Doctors say that it is very important to drink plenty of fluids including tender coconut water or water with salt and lime. \"There is a slight increase in cases of gastroenteritis and respiratory tract infection. People should avoid street food and maintain proper hygiene,\" said physician Dr Oscar Rebello.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12526014", "title": "Priest gets 7-yr rigorous imprisonment for rape", "text": "NEW DELHI: Noting that \" sexual violence, apart from being a dehumanizing act, is an unlawful intrusion on the right of privacy and sanctity of a female\", the Delhi high court has granted seven years' rigorous imprisonment to a priest for repeatedly raping a 16-year-old girl in a temple in the capital.HC slammed the priest saying he disregarded morality and consequence of his act and committed a barbaric offence upon a minor. According to the prosecution, in July 23, 2007, the girl, then 16, had lodged a complaint with police that she was first raped by the priest inside the temple in May 2004 after she fell ill there, and he ravished her several times after blackmailing her. The girl stated that the priest threatened her not to disclose this fact to anyone, otherwise she would be defamed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12527386", "title": "Minimum temp up by 2.3 degrees C", "text": "PUNE: The minimum temperature in the city increased by 2.3 degrees Celsius, from Monday's 20 degrees Celsius to 22.3 degrees Celsius on Tuesday owing to enhanced moisture incursion and humidity.However, the maximum temperature was recorded at 38.8 degrees Celsius, which was 1.7 degrees Celsius above normal.The India Meteorological Department (IMD) had forecast a rise in the minimum temperature under the influence of the anti-cyclonic winds over the Bay of Bengal, which have led to moisture incursion and rise in the humidity levels.A trough, which stretches from Madhya Pradesh to Kerala and passes through parts of south central Maharashtra, Vidarbha and Marathwada, had led to convective rains isolated parts of the state including Satara district in Maharashtra.The IMD has forecast rain or thundershowers in the next 24 hours under the influence of the prevailing synoptic conditions . Sky conditions would be partly cloudy while maximum and minimum temperatures will remain around 38 and 20 degrees Celsius in the next 48 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12526155", "title": "British MP Keith Vaz to act in film", "text": "Leicester East MP Keith Vaz has been given a role in an international film currently being filmed in his constituency. The movie Jadoo (Magic) is being shot on the Belgrave Road, in the heart of Vaz's constituency over the next four weeks. The film is about two brothers, both chefs and the best of friends, who later fall out and rip the family cook book in half - one brother gets the starters and the other gets the main courses. They set up rival restaurants on opposite sides of the Belgrave Road and spend the next twenty years trying to outdo each other. Vaz will appear alongside legendary chef Madhur Jaffrey as a judge for a cooking competition between the brothers. Jadoo will also star Harish Patel, who appeared in the British comedy Run Fatboy Run, and Kulvinder Ghir, who starred in the BBC comedy series Goodness Gracious Me. Vaz will receive no fee for his appearance.Ration quota for April : Above poverty line (APL) cardholders will get 10 kg of rice and 3 kg of wheat per card during the month of April, while 50 kg of rice will be distributed to the below poverty line (BPL) families and 35 kg rice to Antyodaya (AAY) category families. Families under the Annapurna (ANP) categories will receive 10 kg of rice.Sugar will be distributed @ 500gm per person per month to BPL, AAY and ANP families. The owners of fair price shops are directed to lift stocks of wheat, rice and sugar before April 17.Eye check-up camp held at Amona: Sesa Goa Ltd, in association with Matruchaya, recently organized an eye check-up and cataract detection camp at the Amona panchayat hall. The camp, which was organized for villages of Navelim and Amona, was inaugurated by Sanquelim MLA Dr Pramod Sawant in the presence of Amona sarpanch Anushka Gawas, Dr Chandrakant Shetye - Vision Care Hospital, M P Mahajan and Dr Basavaraj Pattanshett. In all, 171 people attended the eye camp.Community hall at Anjuna inaugurated: North Goa MP Shripad Naik recently inaugurated a community hall at Anjuna in the presence of Siolim MLA and water resources minister Dayanand Mandrekar. Built under the MPLAD scheme, the Rs. 46.44 lakh community hall has a built-up area of 302 sq m.Anjuna sarpanch Sandeep Chimulkar, deputy sarpanch Agnes D'Souza, zilla panchayat member Manoj Korgaonkar, Fr Thomas Gonsalves, Sr Libya Fernandes and Anjuna parish priest Fr Cristo Menezes were among those present. Naik said he hoped that the project will be used for the betterment of the locals. The North Goa MP also said that a hearse van will be handed over to the Anjuna-Caisua panchayat shortly.Kapil Pavse wins math talent search exam: Kapil Pavse of Std VII from The New Educational Institute, Curchorem, won first place in the state level 'Mathematics talent search examination' organized by All Goa Mathematics Teachers Association (AGMTA) in collaboration with SCERT, government of Goa.POWER SHUTDOWNSanquelim (April 4): Between 8.30am and 2pm. Areas to be affected - Dattawadi, Muzawarwada, petrol pump area and other areas under the jurisdiction of the Sanquelim municipality.Honda (April 8): Between 9am to 2pm. Areas to be affected - Solye, Ajobanagar, Supachipa and Honda market area.Siolim (April 8): Between 9am and 3pm. Areas to be affected are Gudem, Dando, Portavaddo, Bamonvaddo, Vaddy and vicinity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "man's murder", "code": "12527000", "title": "City Digest", "text": "Man's murder: Son heldAn unemployed youth Imran Shaikh alias Raja (21), was arrested for killing his father, Zahir (44), in Malwani late on Monday.Three held for theftThe Nagpada police arrested three men on Monday for stealing overhead telephone wires from a transformer during a power outage .Gangster aide arrestedThe Thane property cell wing nabbed Vithal Navghare, former aide of gangster Suresh Manchekar who was killed in 2003, in Dombivli. Navghare was wanted in 9 cases.Youth robs lover, heldVimlesh Gupta was arrested by the police for robbing his girlfriend at knifepoint three days ago in Nagpada. Gupta stole cash and jewellery worth Rs 4 lakh.Protect BMC staff: HCThe HC has asked the Mumbai police commissioner to ensure that protection is provided to BMC staff when they remove illegal political hoardings. A BMC engineer was allegedly assaulted by a NCP worker recently.Mhada may get more FSIThe state is considering granting additional floor space index to Mhada and CIDCO for repair of dilapidated police quarters, confirmed home minister R R Patil in the legislative council on Tuesday.UMC gets new mayorOn Wednesday during mayoral elections, it was decided that SAI party candidate Asha Idnani will be the mayor of Ulhasnagar Municipal Corporation, thus helping the Shiv Sena-BJP and RPI to form a saffron alliance.CM to visit Naxal areasChief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Tuesday announced he would soon tour Naxal-affected areas in the state to take stock of the situation. The visit will take place at the end of the ongoing budget session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12530847", "title": "AR Murugadoss shoots Thuppakki in Mumbai", "text": "A.R.Murugadoss has completed the second schedule of his forthcoming film Thuppakki. He shot some parts of this schedule in Mumbai.Starring Vijay and Kajal Aggarwal, Tuppakki is almost 60 percent complete. Vijay will be seen in a role of an encounter specialist. He played a cop in his earlier film Pokkiri.Interestingly Thuppakki has been shot in real locations through hidden cameras.Its music has been scored by Harris Jayaraj . The film is expected to release on August 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12526200", "title": "What should panchayats do to protect sand dunes in the state?", "text": "First and foremost sand dunes should be clearly surveyed and a map of these areas should be present in each panchayat office. Boards should be installed near sand dunes, cautioning people of strict action in case of destruction of these areas. Panchayats should also conduct awareness programmes among the locals so that they are understand the important role played by sand dunes in safeguarding the village by preventing the sea from entering the villages. The villagers should be involved in protecting the vegetation on these. Panchayats should act as the watchdogs that keep strict vigilance on any illegal activity on sand dunes. When complaints are brought to the notice of the panchayats, immediate action should be taken. People involved in destroying sand dunes should be heavily fined or even imprisoned since sand dunes are completely protected by CRZ rules.Shakuntala MesquitaSocial activist, ColvaPanchayats are duty-bound to protect sandunes. However, in the Candolim case, the GCZMA should have acted immediately. They should have taken the issue up with the chief secretary. According to Supreme Court directives, the authorities can come down heavily on those violating CRZ rules. The panchayat should take immediate action against such violations.Joseph VazLawyer, PanajiVillage panchayats should do everything possible within their power to protect sand dunes as they are vital to the environment and their destruction could have adverse effects, such as flooding, during the monsoon. In the name of development one should not interfere with nature.Rosario SoaresJournalist, PilerneSand dunes protect inland areas from storms, gusty winds and wave action that can damage property. They support an array of organisms by providing nesting habitat for coastal bird species and are also habitat for coastal plants. The panchayat is meant to represent the people. If they fail to do so and protect the interests of the village, the people should form a mass movement and dissolve the panchayat. Strict action against the violators will send out a sound warning.Kevin D'SilvaLecturer, environment studies, Vasco", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12526189", "title": "448 mining trade licences suspended for 15 days", "text": "PANAJI: The mines and geology department on Tuesday suspended more than 448 mining trade licences for the next 15 days pending verification of documents.Director of mines Prasanna Acharya said, \"After consulting with advocate general Atmaram Nadkarni on the suspension of trading licences, we have issued a common order under the Mining Regulation Act for the suspension to all mining traders in the state.\"The mines department has given a 15-day time limit to all traders to submit the necessary documents to show that they are genuine traders and not involved in illegal mining activities.\"We have to verify record to see who are allegedly involved in illegal mining,\" Acharya said. The verification of documents will commence from Wednesday.\"If they are not found to be genuine we will have no option but to take necessary action,\" said Acharya. The mining department will study the documents case by case. If the documents are not genuine then their licences will be revoked,\" said Acharya. The mining department has also included the traders registered during the election period.The department has planned to launch a software which can be used by both Goa Minerals Ore Exports Association (GMOEA) and the department to tally production and exports of iron ore from the state. \"We have planned to ensure that there isn't a single tonne's difference between the production and exporters' figures from the department and GMOEA from this year onwards. In a week's time we will have the software,\" he added.The mining department is also exploring the possibility that they can act under the mining regulation to impose certain restrictions banning new trucks or fixing a deadline by which truck owners must register with the department.\"We are exploring the possibility of issuing commercial badges for mining truck drivers,\" he saidThe new director has also directed the mining department staff to streamline records and if necessary they can approach mines owners to get the records if they are not available with the department for certain reasons. The government also issued orders to cancel the extension of assistance technical officer of mining department Hector Fernandes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12530825", "title": "Siddharth roots for his top 3 favorite IPL teams", "text": "Tollywood's fascination for cricket is no secret. Actors Venkatesh, Siddharth, Vishnu Manchu, Tarun, Srikanth, Sumanth, Aadarsh, Akkineni Akhil, Charmee, Richa Gangopadhyay, Archana (Veda), Shraddha Das, Meenakshi Dixit and a host of other stars follow cricket quite religiously and with IPL 2012 kicking off, the stars are kicked about the fifth edition of the cricketing extravaganza. Siddharth for one, is an ardent Deccan Chargers fan and has in the past, attended several DC matches rooting for the team.Hours before IPL 2012's glitzy opening ceremony kicked off, the actor voiced his support for his top three IPL team favorites on a microblogging site. \"IPL V begins soon...Indian cricket fans deserve cricketing fireworks of every good kind...let the party begin...\" posted the \"Love Failure\" star, followed by, \"My teams this year are of course DC, followed by DD and CsK...happy IPL everybody:)\".The actor will be rooting for the Chargers at their first IPL 2012 match to be held in Vizag on April 7, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12527449", "title": "Court rejects trust's decision not to let 'non-Marathi' redevelop south Mumbai property", "text": "MUMBAI: Non-Maharashtrian builders may cheat: This was the reason that a trust in the city cited for not calling public bids to redevelop its sprawling property in Girgaum. Last week, the Bombay high court refused to accept the Late Rao Bahadur Anant Shivaji Desai Topiwala Charity's excuse and also set aside the charity commissioner's order approving the trust's decision to appoint a builder chosen by it, essentially a Maharashtrian firm, to redevelop the prime property, Kudaldeshkar Brahmin Niwas.\"It is clear that the trustees dealt with it like it was their private property and did not follow any transparent procedure,\" said Justice G S Godbole , even as he ruled that the reason given by the trustees for not issuing a public ad was not \"genuine\" .The court has ordered the charity commissioner to ask the trust to call for bids by placing advertisements in newspapers. It also set the minimum reserve price for the plot at Rs 6 crore, besides other basic requirements, but none of the conditions included the criteria that the developer should be a Maharashtrian.The Kudaldeshkar Brahmin Niwas , comprising four buildings constructed before 1925, houses around 122 tenants. Most tenants belong to the Kudaldeshkar Adya Gaud Brahmin community. In May 2011, the trust approached four builders and finally signed a deal to sell the plot to Raunak Constructions for Rs 6 crore. The developer was also supposed to give 4,000 sq-ft area to the trust and a 460 sq-ft flat to each tenant.Feeling apprehensive that non-Maharashtrian developers might cheat them, the tenants had requested the trust to sell the land to a Maharashtrian construction firm, a trustee said. The charity commissioner in, September 2011, accepted the reasoning and approved the sale. But challenging the sale, another group of tenants, along with a builder, Siddhivinayak Developers, moved the high court, saying according to the ready reckoner rates, the property was worth over Rs 12 crore, an amount much higher than Rs 6 crore, which was offered by Raunak Constructions.Senior advocate V A Thorat, counsel for Siddhivinayak Developers, claimed that the concept of having only a Maharashtrian builder was not only vague but also obnoxious, as every person staying in Maharashtra was a Maharashtrian. He called the reason for not calling for public bids \"an eyewash\" . Agreeing, the court said, \"No material was placed on record before the charity commissioner to prove the basis of the contention that the tenants wanted only a Marathi developer.\" The judge added Mumbai had many reputed developers of Maharashtrian origin at the helm and the trust had not explained the reason for approaching only four chosen developers.\"The entire process has been completed in a hush-hush manner behind closed curtains,\" said the judge while rapping the charity commissioner for not being vigilant. The court has ordered that bids be called and set some minimum criteria for the tenders. The conditions must include that the reserve price be fixed at Rs 6 crore, the developer will have to hand over a 4,000 sq-ft area to the trust free of cost, tenants would be rehabilitated in 460 sq-ft flats, the builder will set up a corpus fund for the tenant society, and an additional Rs 1 crore should be paid to the trust if extra FSI is approved.The CommunityKudaldeshkar Aadya Gaud Brahman community hails from Konkan, Goa and some parts of coastal and central Karnataka. Kudaldeshkar Brahmins follow Shankaracharya's Advait school of philosophy and have their own threecentury-old shrine in Dabholi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "12527305", "title": "Five arrested for attempting to dupe bank", "text": "AURANGABAD: Five people, including two from Pune, were arrested by the cyber crime cell on Monday for allegedly attempting to dupe a local branch of the State Bank of Patiala. They were seeking loan on the basis of a fake Rs 50-crore fixed deposit purportedly made in the bank's Chunni Kalan branch in Vasi Pathana in Fatehgarh Sahab district of Punjab.The suspects were identified as Nitin Bhaskar Mahamuni (an interior decorator and property dealer) of Prabhat Road, Pune; Premchand Anantrao Kondekar (a retired army officer who is currently engaged in property dealing in Pune and Mumbai) of Bhoslenagar, Pune; Mohammad Faheem Rasheed Khan (contractor); Tushar Kabra (share broker) and Bhushan Kabra (property agent) - all from Aurangabad . Two suspects are at large and police teams have been sent to look for them.Inspector Avinash Aghav, in-charge of the cyber crime cell and the economic offence wing, said on Tuesday that the suspects had told the bank manager that they needed huge funds to develop a large property in Aurangabad. \"The five men were produced before the court on Tuesday and remanded to police custody till April 7. They are all related to the land dealing business and had formed a group to dupe the bank.\"It all happened in October 2011, when the suspects approached the bank and produced various documents, that included the 'authorisation to verify funds' and a fixed deposit receipt showing that Siraj Ahmed C Chand of MSD Corporation, Bangalore, supposed to be in the business of granite export, had deposited Rs 50 crore with the Chunni Kalan branch on January 4, 2011, for 396 days. The fixed deposit was to mature on February 4, 2012, and its maturity value was over Rs 54 crore.Incidentally, Mahamuni and Kondekar (both from Pune) allegedly prepared the fake documents related to the 'fixed deposit' .Meanwhile, in a complaint lodged with the commissioner of police Sanjay Kumar, bank manager Sunilkumar Chaudhary (38) said that on October 13, 2011, Khan and Tushar submitted to him the deposit receipts and fixed deposit account number along with an authorisation letter seeking to transfer some amount of the Rs 50 crore in lieu of the term deposit receipt. They claimed that they were developing a huge property in the city and had an arrangement with Siraj Ahmed, Aghav said.The authorisation letter contained the email ID and mobile number of the Chunni Kalan bank manager Charan Singh. Chaudhary was suspicious and told the duo that he would need a few days to verify and transfer the money. He asked them for their cell phone numbers saying he would contact them immediately after talking to Singh. However, when he contacted Singh, he was told that no person named Siraj Ahmed had a fixed deposit to the tune of Rs 50 crore. Chaudhary communicated the entire sequence of events to the regional branch at Mumbai, which in turn sent the details to the bank headquarters at Patiala, Punjab. The headquarters informed the branch in Aurangabad that the account in which the fixed deposit was held belonged to one Harvinder Singh of Mohali in Chandigarh . The fixed deposit that the suspects were referring to was fake. Subsequently, Chaudhary approached the commissioner of police who directed the cyber cell to look into the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12526420", "title": "School told to issue hall ticket to student", "text": "MADURAI: Coming to the rescue of a student who was being denied a hall ticket to write the SSLC exam by his school, the Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Tuesday directed the private school to permit him to sit for the exam scheduled to be held from Wednesday.The school reportedly denied him a hall ticket, fearing that he would fail in the examination and tarnish the name of the school.In a petition, Rajakumari, the student's mother said that her son V Karpaga Pandithurai joined the Saint Eugene High School, Kombadi Madurai, Sivagangai district in 2007. Thereafter he had passed in all exams, albeit with poor marks. Currently studying SSLC in the school, he had scored below the minimum marks required in some subjects in the quarterly and half yearly examinations. Hence, the school principal was hesitant to permit her son to write the SSLC exam.She said when they approached the school principal for receiving a hall ticket for her son they refused to grant it. The boy was asked to write the examination privately, as the school would be seen in poor light, if he failed in the examination. The petitioner said that the issuance of hall tickets to students was a duty of the school and it could not prevent her son from writing the final examinations.When the matter came up for hearing before the Bench comprising Justice K Venkataraman, the petitioner's counsel Arun sought a direction to permit the student to write the exam.After hearing the submission, Justice K Venkataraman passed an interim order directing the Regional Deputy Director of Government Examinations to permit the student to remit the exam fee to appear for the exam. He also gave a direction to RDD to give a hall ticket to the student forthwith on the remittance of exam fee. The school was also directed to permit the student to write the exam on the petition producing the hall ticket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12526886", "title": "Sakala may spell end of pillar-to-post raj", "text": "BANGALORE: The end of pillar-to-post runs in government offices may be round the corner as Sakala, the scheme that promises to deliver services within a stipulated time frame, was launched across the state on Monday.There's room for hope as beneficiaries of the pilot phase of Sakala, which was implemented in Jayanagar and three taluks elsewhere in the state during the last month, have realized.Successful restaurateur Sadanand Maiya is one such beneficiary. \"My advocate applied for the trade licence under Sakala. We could get the licence without hassle,\" Maiya told TOI.Jayanagar legislator B N Vijayakumar said that along with Maiya, five other traders too had applied for trade licences on March 1, the day Sakala pilot scheme was launched. Their licences were issued the same evening.\"The Karnataka Guarantee of Services to Citizens System has brought discipline among government servants. An application with a Sakala tag means that the service has to be rendered within the stipulated time. Timely clearing of files means that officials don't have to contend with backlog of files,\" Vijaykumar explained.Launching the scheme in the city, chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda reeled out statistics to illustrate the success of the pilot project. He said that of the 1,34,769 applications received for different services under Sakala, about 1,15,320 cases were disposed in time, pointing out that the success rate was 99.3%.\"Sakala ensures that 151 services of the government will be delivered to citizens within stipulated time failing which Rs 20 per day will be deducted from the salaries of the officials concerned. The scheme will enhance transparency and curtail corruption at least by 75%,\" the chief minister hoped.\"This is our dream come true. From now on, no official can give lame excuse and make the public run from pillar to post to deliver services. Our 99.3% success rate makes it look like we have gone one up on Dhoni,\" said law and urban development minister S Suresh Kumar.Hopes soarVenkatappa, 60-year-old farmer from Nelamangala, was the first person to file his application under Sakala on Monday. He applied for change of land use from agriculture to non-agriculture purpose for his sister's land. He said he was hopeful of getting his application approved within the stipulated 120 days.Dial for helpSakala service has a helpline number which can be used by public if they find any glitches in the working of the system. The helpline number is 080- 44554455. For further details visit www.sakala.kar.nic.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "12526537", "title": "Maoist cadre killed in Keonjhar", "text": "KEONJHAR: A Maoist cadre was killed in an encounter in Keonjhar district on Tuesday. He is yet to be identified. Police have seized three guns, three kitbags, tiffin box, posters and leaflets from him. The incident took place near Mundatopa village within Kanjipani police limits during a joint operation by CRPF, Special Operations Group, Keonjhar and Angul police.The securitymen came across the Maoists group in Mundatopa forest. The Red rebels allegedly fired at the policemen and the cops returned the fired in which one extremist died. DIG (Rourkela) Y Jethwa said \"The Maoist group fired at police team first. In defence cops fired back killing one.\" Police are yet to seize the body as the magistrate has not reached the spot because of inaccessibility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12524718", "title": "Govt likely to withdraw cotton tax", "text": "NAGPUR: The market was abuzz on Tuesday with speculation that the 5% purchase tax imposed on cotton in the recent state budget announcements was withdrawn. However, there was no official confirmation. But sources in the government indicated that there was growing pressure from legislators and ministers from Vidarbha and Marathwada for removal of the tax. The tax indirectly hit the cultivators as traders passed on the burden to cotton growers.There are indications that the matter may come up at the cabinet meeting on Wednesday and the government may give some relief by at least bringing the cotton purchase tax at par with other states at 2%. There were reports suggesting that the traders may not be levied the tax for transactions within the state but may have to pay if they want to take the cotton outside the state.Social justice minister Shivajirao Moghe, who is from cotton belt of Yavatmal, told TOI that he had taken up cotton tax matter with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan who has sought some more time for a decision for sorting it out with the finance ministry.Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti president Kishore Tiwari has criticized the Centre for curbs imposed on cotton exports and said the delaying tactics was only to favour the textile industry which wanted cheaper raw material domestically delinking cotton from global market. Cotton Federation chairman N P Hirani said in view of the poor arrivals of cotton crop in domestic market because of less than expected crop, the Union government may allow only 10 to 12 lakh bales of fresh exports. \"The textile and garment sectors are under tremendous pressure from international competition and the government may find it hard to ignore their interests by freeing cotton exports,\" he said.Last Saturday, cotton traders and exporters, had resorted to an agitation at Pandharkawda in Yavatmal against the tax. Seeking its withdrawal, cotton growers as well traders also demanded removal of all restrictions on cotton exports. Currently the Union commerce ministry is only allowing external trade by the land route to neighbouring countries. It is learnt a meeting of group of union ministers to to review cotton exports on Tuesday was deferred.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12525701", "title": "Victim's parents pray for a miracle", "text": "There has been no improvement in the health conditions of Juhu drunk-driving accident victims Nimisha Mane and Priyanka Rai, both of whom are comatose. Nimisha's condition, her doctors say, has only been deteriorating by the day.The girls sustained grievous head injuries. Doctors have been trying to dissolve multiple clots in Nimisha's brain with medication. Her neurosurgeon Dr Harshad Parekh said, \"Blood supply to her brain has only been dipping. She is very critical and we are trying our best.\" She sustained the impact of the accident on her head. The hit she took smashed her frontal skull bone.Priyanka suffered fractures on her vertebrae, skull, ribs and legs. She also developed pneumothorax (lung collapse caused by collection of air in the space around the organ) following rib fracture. \"The condition makes breathing difficult,\" said Dr Mahesh Vispute, who is treating Priyanka at Criticare Hospital, Andheri (West). \"We managed to release the air around the lungs and improve the supply of oxygen to her body tissues. But it would be premature to say that her condition was improving.\"She has also developed cerebral hypoxia, a condition where oxygen supply to the brain is reduced. Prolonged hypoxia could lead to cell death, resulting in permanent brain injury. \"We have to keep her under observation as the swelling on her brain has increased,\" Dr Vispute said.One of her family friends , Sudhanshu Pandey, said that though her parents had been told about her deteriorating condition, they are hoping for a miracle. \"They think she will regain consciousness soon and she will be like how she was before the accident.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12526984", "title": "Pakur block official abducted", "text": "RANCHI: A block-level official, Amar Singh , 50, has been abducted in Pakur district late on Monday night. Unidentified criminals reportedly abducted Singh, a junior statistical supervisor and also block supply officer, while he was at his government quarters in Littipara block.An FIR has been lodged against unknown criminals with Littipara police station, police said. \"I suspect Singh was taken away at gunpoint. Both his cellphones and wallet are lying in his bedroom and his clothes have also been left untouched,\" a block-level staff on condition of anonymity, told ToI on phone from Pakur, about 450 km from Ranchi.Pakur SP Mayur Patel, however, categorically denied that Maoists were involved in the kidnapping. \"It is not the work of Maoists as Maoists generally leave behind posters and pamphlets. Maoists also come in large numbers but in this case it looks as if only a few people kidnapped Singh,\" he said.But Singh could not be traced till late on Tuesday evening. \"No call for ransom has been made so far. We have detained five persons,\" said Patel. The incident came to light only on Tuesday morning when two rojgar sevaks from Littipara block had an appointment with Singh at 8 am. When the rojgar sevaks arrived, they found the gate of the room broken. When their calls were not answered they raised an alarm and the police were called.Despite denial from the SP that Maoists were involved in the kidnapping, fear prevails among the block staff who live in the same government quarters as Singh. \"The residential block is walled. A policeman also keeps guard here. I do not know as to where the policeman was on Monday night,\" said a staff. \"All of us are scared as none of us knows who will be the next target,\" he added. Pakur DDC Gauri Shankar Minz said that Singh hails from Munger in Bihar. \"He has been living here alone and kept his family in Patna,\" the DDC added. Pakur SP said he would make an additional deployment of police personnel at the government quarters from Tuesday night onwards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12526843", "title": "One year on, displaced yet to get home", "text": "RANCHI: It was around this time last year when the state government started its anti-encroachment drive and made more than 20,000 people homeless. People had protested at that time and got a rehabilitation order from the court but now, after a year, many of them are still living under the open sky. Thursday will be the anniversary of the anti-encroachment drive at Islam Nagar where more than 12,000 people became homeless. A petition was filed at the high court by social worker Mohammed Shakil on May 12, 2011, for rehabilitation of the displaced and the high court ordered rehabilitation within 13 months.Already 12 months have passed but no step has been taken towards their rehabilitation. Shakil said: \"On June 12 this year, 13 months will be completed since the displacement. I have been fighting for the rights of the displaced for a year now but the government has turned a deaf ear towards their woes. When the government has not done anything in a year, I don't think anything will be done in another month.\"After evicting residents of Islam Nagar, the government had planned to extend the polytechnic college to that area. A year has passed and the land has been cleared but no extension has taken place. The anti-encroachment drive had started at Naga Baba Khatal, apparently for the beautification of the city. The 5,000 displaced milkmen were supposed to be rehabilitated on the outskirts of the city and an amusement park was to be made in its place.Even those people are still living under open sky and the area has been made a parking space as well as dumping ground for A2Z Infrastructure Company, which handles garbage disposal of the city. Hundred of shops in the Kutchery locality were bulldozed and more than thousand people became jobless because the area was to be converted into a parking lot. The only development done in the area was building a boundary wall so that the displaced don't return there again.The area allotted to Rugdigarha and Madhukam by the Ranchi Municipal Corporation for making 856 houses within 15 months at the expenditure of Rs 28 crore under the Basic Service for Urban Poor (BSUP) project of the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) to rehabilitate the displaced.The tender was announced in May but there were no takers till November. A company, Single Enterprises, took up the project in November and the construction started in March. The site in-charge, V K Saji, said, \"The first three months were spent moving the people from the site as they were not ready to leave. The construction was started in March and we expect to finish it by June next year.\" RMC CEO Vinay Chaubey said: \"There are several reasons for non-completion of the rehabilitation. One is that we still haven't got the list of the displaced from the administration. A plan of making 2,500 houses which had been sent to the government in October last year for approval has still not been ratified. For the time being, construction of 856 houses has already started in Madhukam and Rugdigarha which will be completed by next year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12526075", "title": "Rath yatra celebrated with pomp", "text": "NASHIK: Amidst chants in praise of Lord Ram by thousands of devotees and beats of drums and dhols reverberating across the old parts of the city, the historic Ram Rath and Garud Rath traversed their traditional route in Old Nashik on Tuesday evening, two days after Ramnavami, with religious fervour and gaiety.After the celebration of Ramnavami, the birth of Lord Ram, it has been a tradition for the chariots of Lord Ram and Garud to be taken throughout the old parts of the city two days later. The procession of the illuminated raths began at 7pm on Tuesday, with Raghvendra Poojari, who this year was given the honour of performing the pooja, keeping the padukas (footwear) of Lord Ram in the chariot. This was followed by a pooja by mayor Yatin Wagh and deputy mayor Satish Kulkarni.Both the raths, the Ram Rath being pulled by the members of the Raste Akhada Talim and the Garud Rath being pulled by members of the Ahilyaram Vyayamshala, traversed their usual route in the narrow lanes of Old Nashik.Thousands of devotees thronged the traditional route of the Rath Yatra to participant in the religious affair. The police maintained a strict bandobast to ensure that no untoward incident takes place during the procession. Vehicular traffic on the traditional route of the Ram and Garud Rath was barred by the city police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12525332", "title": "Indian among 7 killed in US shooting", "text": "WASHINGTON: A 38-year-old Sikkimese was among the seven killed by a disgruntled college student who carried out an execution-type killing spree in a religious college in California that also left an Indian-American girl injured.Tshering Rinzing Bhutia, 38, of San Francisco , was killed when the gunman stole his car outside the school on Monday morning. Bhutia was born in Sikkim and lived alone in San Francisco's North Beach neighbourhood and worked nights cleaning terminals in city's airport, Oakland Tribune reported.He was also studying nursing at Oikos, a tiny Christian college and also worked in restaurants. The Indian-American who was injured was Dawinder Kaur, who was shot in her right arm near elbow.She is nursing her injuries at a local hospital in Oakland, where the shooting incident happened on Monday, sending shock waves across the country. The alleged suspect has been arrested by the Oakland police, which local media outlets identified as 43-year-old One Goh - an American of Korean origin. Several of the victims were students of the Oikos University - a small religious college in the Southern Californian city.According to the daily, Kaur told her family members that the alleged gunman, who had been absent from his class for past several months, suddenly appeared on Monday and ordered all the students to line up against a wall. \"He showed his gun and then the students started running,\" Kaur told relatives.Oakland police chief Howard Jordan said the shooter walked into the single-storey building, took a receptionist hostage and went looking for a particular female administrator. The man walked into a classroom, lined up students against a wall and shot them one by one, Jordan said.\"This was a calculated, cold-blooded execution in the classroom,\" Jordan CNNsaid.After the shooting, the man left the classroom, reloaded his semi-automatic weapon and returned, he said.Giving further details of the incident, the daily said Kaur was shot in the arm as she helped a friend who had fallen on the classroom's floor; she then ran outside and called her brother, Paul Singh. \"She told me that a guy went crazy and she got shot. She was running. She was crying; she was bleeding ,\" Singh told Oakland Tribune.Five people were declared dead on the spot, while two of the five wounded succumbed to injuries at the hospital.Balvir Singh, Kaur's father, said that he was lucky that his daughter survived.\"The family is lucky she is alive\", he said. \"The gunman should get full consequences that he deserves for doing this to these people,\" he added. Pastor Jong Kim, who founded the school about 10 years ago, said that the shooter was a former nursing student, though he was unsure whether the man had been expelled or dropped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12527407", "title": "Thakur may have eight benami flats: CBI to court", "text": "MUMBAI: The CBI on Tuesday informed the court that its probe has revealed that R C Thakur-Adarsh housing scam accused and one of the society's main promoters-had helped finance eight members of the cooperative society from a private finance company called SAN Finance. This was allegedly done without any agreement between members and the company. \"These eight members are not capable of repaying the finance and hence it is suspected that the above flats are benami of either the applicant accused (Thakur) or the financer,\" the CBI said. This development was revealed to the special CBI court in answer to Thakur's bail application.The court remanded the accused , Major General (retd) A R Kumar, Major General (retd) T K Kaul, Brig (retd) M M Wanchu, then collector Dr Pradeep Vyas, then junior officer DEO (Mumbai) R C Thakur, former deputy secretary of urban development P V Deshmukh, and former Congress MLC Kanhaiyalal Gidwani to judicial custody till April 17. The court will pronounce the order in the bail applications of the accused today.Special CBI counsel Ejaz Khan told the court that the accused may exercise pressure and threaten prosecution witnesses : \"Granting them bail will adversely affect the ongoing investigations and may lead to destruction of evidence.\"Special judge M V Kulkarni heard extensive arguments from both the prosecution and the defence on the bail applications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12526007", "title": "Muslims hail HC ruling", "text": "HYDERABAD: Muslims across the city welcomed the high court judgment in favour of the state Wakf Board in the Manikonda land case on Tuesday. Jubilation was not limited to the Haj House which houses the Wakf Board. Activists involved in the protection of wakf land described the judgment as a 'landmark decision', one which proved that the judiciary is 'secular, powerful and independent'. The Wakf Board is anticipating moves of the opposition and will take a decision based on reactions to the judgment.One of the petitioners of the case, Mahboob Alam Khan said that the HC judgment could well mark the end of the politicians' influence on the Wakf Board. \"The decision is historic and has set a precedent. The bench reinforced the decision that a wakf property will always remain a wakf property and that its nature cannot be altered. We have taken steps to file a caveat in case the opposition decides to approach the Supreme Court,\" he said. Khan traces the mismanagement of wakf lands to the tenure of Chandrababu Naidu and says that irregularities gained momentum during Y S Rajasekhara Reddy's reign as chief minister. Many honest officers were frequently transferred according to the whims and fancies of the politicians. The Hazrath Hussain Shah Wali wakf land was deemed a gazetted property by the government itself, he added.Zaheeruddin Ali Khan, managing editor, The Siasat daily observed, \"This is just the beginning of the recovery of wakf properties. The judgment has given us the drive to fight more legal battles to win back our land. The judiciary has discharged its duty well and has given Muslims the hope that the law is with them.\" Khan added that he is prepared to fight the case if it is taken to the Supreme Court. A watchdog committee comprising lawyers, bureaucrats and activists has been formed to monitor and fight legal battles against landsharks, he said. \"The brokering of lands by means of dubious deals will soon come to an end,\" he hoped.Rajya Sabha MP Aziz Pasha noted that Hazrat Hussain Shah Wali Dargah property had become a symbol of mishandling of wakf land across the country. \"Indeed, the judgment has made us happy but there are many more battles to win. The select committee of Parliament has made recommendations for managing wakf land better. Most importantly, it has suggested that if any board member is found to have grabbed wakf land, he should be promptly dismissed from the board. Also a deterrent punishment of two years should be awarded to such member,\" he said. Further, Indira Gandhi in 1975 had ordered the government to return wakf land but this has been put in cold storage. He noted that instead of having a board, a commissionerate having judicial powers should be set up. \"This way, wakf land like endowments land can be taken back from encroachers,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12526391", "title": "Cool cottons catch city's fancy", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: It is that time of the year to stock up your wardrobe with cool and comfortable cottons. City denizens are well aware of it as many are thronging the ongoing 'cotton fab' exhibition here and taking their pick. People have a wide range of cotton kurtis, dress materials and sarees from across the country to choose from.\"An array of cotton fabrics from Manipur, Jamdani from Bengal, cotton prints from Jaipur, block print from Gujarat, Bandhani from Bhuj and Mandvi, Batik from West Bengal and Chanderi from Madhya Pradesh and cotton materials from the south are on display here,\" said Arijit Ghose, a trader, who has set up shop here. As many as 80 stalls have come up at the exhibition-cum-sale at Exhibition Ground here.\"Cotton is cheap, stylish and comfortable. As a result, we are witnessing a good footfall here,\" added Ghose. \"The city has just begun feeling the summer. And as the temperature rises, only cotton clothes can provide relief from the scorching heat. So I picked up some cotton kurtis to wear with a pair of jeans or leggings,\" said Aditi Dhal, a college student.The shops are also selling home furnishings, fashion jewellery, shoes and home decors. \"The exhibition is a big draw because of the variety of things on display. They are selling home furnishings, shoes, bangles, jewellery and furniture, apart from dress materials. I liked the cotton bed spreads in bright colours and khadi shirts for men the most,\" said Sumati Biswal, a visitor to the fair.Furniture from Saharanpur, wood work and brass items are also available at the exhibition. \"The items are ranging from Rs 30 to Rs 5000. Most of our products are handlooms and handicrafts by artisans from different parts of the country. Sales will go up in the coming days,\" another shop-keeper said.Pratima Dash, a boutique owner said, \"Every summer a particular style, colour and pattern is in vogue. This year the style of cotton kurtis with floral prints and colours like lavender, pista green, plum and light yellow are much in demand.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12525721", "title": "Woman found dead near tracks", "text": "MUMBAI: The body of an unidentified woman was found near the railway tracks close to Tilak Nagar station on Tuesday morning, with her two young children lying unhurt nearby. Government Railway Police (GRP) officials said it's not clear whether the woman committed suicide or was killed while crossing the tracks. While the two children have been sent to a shelter, officials are trying to identify the woman, whom they reckon to be around 27 years of age.Around 6am on Tuesday, the woman is believed to have been knocked down by a running local between Chembur and Tilak Nagar stations. Her body was cut into two due to the impact. No belongings were found on her that could help establish her identity. Her daughter, around 3 years old and 18-month-old son were found crying next to the body.\"When another train passed by, commuters who had gathered at the spot, stopped the train and its guard was alerted about it. He brought the children to the station master's office. The station master immediately alerted us,\" said senior inspector Jitendra Rathod of the Wadala GRP.A GRP team took the woman to Sion hospital, where her body was sent for post-mortem. Rathod said they took the children and made inquiries with the slum dwellers, in the hope someone would recognize them. \"When nobody did, the kids were sent to the shelter for children at Umerkhadi,\" he said. The GRP has also alerted the local police and sought their help in tracing the woman's relatives. Photographs of the woman and her two children have been circulated to all police stations.\"The Central Railway motorman of the train that knocked down the woman would be in a position to answer whether she committed suicide or was killed accidentally. We are trying to look for the motorman and record his statement,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12526005", "title": "Traffic department proposes 14 new signals in city", "text": "NASHIK: With the growing number of vehicles, rash drivers and infrastructural work in progress leading to traffic snarls at busy traffic junctions across the city, the traffic police have asked the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) to install signals at 14 traffic junctions.As per the information provided by the city traffic department, the signals at 14 different points would ease the situation by streamlining traffic.Assistant police commissioner (city traffic) Sanjeev Thakur said, \"Road signals have been proposed at Pathardi Phata, Sebel Hotel on Trimbak Road, Swami Narayan Temple, Upnagar, Old Gangapur Naka, College Road square, Trimurti Chowk, Pawan Nagar, Nagji Corner, Jail Road Water Tank, Jehan Circle, Nanduri Naka, MERI and Makhmalabad Naka. Out of these, the work on the road signals at MERI and Makhmalabad Naka is complete and those signals will be made operational soon.\"Nashik city already has traffic signals at 25 junctions, out of which 18 are operational, and seven, most of which fall in the areas that where work of road widening is on, are closed down. Once all the signals are in place and operational, it would bring down the chaos on city roads significantly, traffic cops said.However, many citizens feel that not all the signals in the city are serving the purpose for which they have been set up. Jumping signals is a common practice in the city, which most of the time goes unchecked.This also results in traffic jams, which can be seen at the Gadkari Chowk signal, Poornima signal, the one opposite Fame multiplex, Bytco signal and many other parts of the city. Nonetheless, people expect something better coming out of the new proposal.Apart from the road signals, the traffic department has also asked the NMC to align roads at some junctions. Locations like Sarda Circle and Mico Circle face traffic snarls daily, especially during peak hours. Police feel that the major reason for traffic chaos at such spots is because the roads leading to and crisscrossing one another are not properly aligned. Officials said that proper alignment of roads at these spots is necessary before installing signals.DCP Sunil Phulari said that in a recent meeting with newly-elected mayor Yatin Wagh, a proposal of aligning roads was put up for the purpose of streamlining the traffic. Areas like the Dwarka junction, Mumbai Naka, Mico Circle and Sarda Circle need alignment.The signals at Dwarka and Upnagar failed because they added more to the woes of the vehicle drivers than serve the purpose of regularizing the traffic.Meanwhile, the officiating municipal commissioner P Velrasu stated that the technical issues of all traffic chowks would be observed and proper management of vehicular traffic and improvement in traffic conditions will be done. Taking into consideration the increase in the number of vehicles and the consequent traffic congestion and accidents, a traffic cell has been established by the civic body. The existing traffic cell has been surveying the traffic and trying to solve traffic congestion in the city.Proposed traffic signal locations:Pathardi PhataSebel Hotel on Trimbak RoadSwami Narayan TempleUpnagarOld Gangapur NakaCollege Road squareTrimurti ChowkPawan NagarNagji CornerJail Road Water TankJehan CircleNanduri NakaMahrashtra Engineering Reasearch InstituteMakhmalabad Naka", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12526469", "title": "Naren De may be cleared in iron ore scam", "text": "KOLKATA: Former minister and Forward Bloc leader Naren De is likely to get a clean chit in the multi-crore iron ore scam, being probed by the CID.CID sources on Tuesday said that the state agency may submit the supplementary chargesheet next week, which will not have De's name. The names of two more persons will be included, s source said.In 2007, the West Bengal State Essential Commodities Service Corporation (WBSECSC) had lodged a complaint with Kolkata Police's detective department that the corporation has been duped of Rs 156 crore by a private firm - Bharat Inmate.Investigation revealed that the corporation and Bharat Inmate had jointly started supplying iron ore and in 2004-05 they sent a huge consignment to a Chinese company. But the cargo was returned by the Chinese firm as it was of poor quality. But during audit, WBSECSC found that the returned consignment was offloaded somewhere between India and China and the corporation incurred a loss of Rs 156 crore.The detective department arrested three senior officials of Bharat Inmate - S N Samanta, R Biswal and Aman Bansal. In June 2011, Kolkata Police submitted the chargesheet against four persons, including the arrested trio. Police also accused R S Jamir, a former managing director of the corporation, who has since retired.Later, with the change of guard in the state, the CID was told to start a fresh probe on the case. CID later came to know about the involvement of Debaditya Chakraborty, an IAS officer , who was also the MD of the corporation when the fraudulent transactions took place.Police rounded up Jamir, Chakraborty and 'broker' V Rajagopal, who had arranged the deal and even the shipment of the consignment. Police interrogated Naren De, who was the then ex-officio chairman of the corporation as the minister of the department. \"We are yet establish any involvement of De and we will not include his name in the supplementary chargesheet in which Chakraboty and Rajagopal have been mentioned,\" said a senior CID officer.He added that the CID is investigating De in a related case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12524740", "title": "Suspected swine flu case found", "text": "NAGPUR: Swine flu being witnessed in cities like Mumbai, Chennai and even Bhopal , surrounding the city from all sides, has made its presence felt in Nagpur as well. A teenager hailing from Bhadravati in Chandrapur was admitted to Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) with the disease on Monday.Though the youngster had tested positive in a report made by a private Mumbai laboratory, the doctors say they would wait for the blood report from Pune's National Institute of Virology to confirm the condition. Doctors from the hospital say that one positive case does not require the citizens to panic. A day after the patient was admitted to the hospital, superintendent Dr Arun Humne and deputy superintendent Dr WS Barsagade inspected the swine flu ward.The 18-year-old suspected patient is a BBA student living in Pune. He has also been to Mumbai a few days ago where he started having cough and cold accompanied by body ache. To be cautious, he went to a private laboratory for screening and was tested positive. Scared by this report, he came over to the city as his elder brother resides in city's Jaffar Nagar locality.Dr Humne confirmed that the sample was sent to NIV on Tuesday. He also said that one of the wards in the hospital has been designated as the swine flu ward and is fully prepared to tackle a huge flow of patient if the need arises. \"The infection is not very likely to spread dangerously in Nagpur as the high temperatures here do not let the virus propagate very easily. Still, those who are scared can take precautions by avoiding very crowded places,\" he said. Those who feel any kind of fever or body ache must get tested for swine flu, he added.\"The patient, who came on Monday afternoon, has been kept in isolation. If required, he would be shifted to some other ward. We are awaiting the reports from NIV for confirmation of H1N1 virus in his blood,\" said Dr Barsagade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12526290", "title": "Kaiser meets Sonia Gandhi", "text": "PATNA: Bihar Pradesh Congress Committee (BPCC) president Chaudhary Mehboob Ali Kaiser met Congress president Sonia Gandhi at her residence in New Delhi on Tuesday and thanked her for the successful completion of party polls in Bihar.According to a press release issued here, he apprised her of the steps taken to launch agitations on people's issues like corruption, water and power crises and increase in the incidents of abduction, rape and loot.Kaiser also told her about the setback to communal harmony in recent days at Munger, Gaya and other places due to indifference of the state government. She was also informed about the recovery of Rs 4.5 crore from the residence of state JD(U) treasurer Vinay Kumar Sinha in a raid conducted by the income-tax department.The BPCC chief briefed her about the alleged demand for bribe from a contractor by the state's food and supplies minister Shyam Razak. He assured Sonia that the state Congress would launch a strong people's movement in the state on these issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12527269", "title": "Hadapsar MLA held for flattening median", "text": "PUNE: The Hadapsar police, on Tuesday , arrested Shiv Sena MLA Mahadev Babar from Hadapsar constituency and two corporators for using an earthmover to demolish a median on the Bus Rapid Transit route on Pune-Solapur road on March 27.The corporators were Vijay Deshmukh and Pramod alias Nana Bhangire , both residents of Hadapsar . All three were released by Pune Cantonment court on a personal bond of Rs 15,000 each .The trio were arrested under section 3 (causing damage to public property ) of the Prevention of Damage to Public Property Act. 1984.Senior police inspector Pandharinath Mandhare of Hadapsar police station said , \"B abar surrendered to the police , while Deshmukh and Bhangire were arrested from their residences at 9.30 am on Tuesday.\" Babar , Deshmukh and Bhangire had allegedly caused loss of Rs 10,000 to the civic body that had constructed the median , Pandhare added.On March 28 , PMC's junior engineer Rakesh Shinde had registered a complaint against unidentified persons with the police for damaging the median. The civic body had refused to name those responsible , Mandhare said.\"During investigations , police collected evidence against Babar and others . These included photographs and recorded statements of photo journalists and other witnesses who held Babar and others responsible for the incident,\" Mandhare added.The MLA and others were produced before the Pune Cantonment judicial magistrate first class V V Muglikar around 1.30 pm on Tuesday . They were sent to magisterial custody for 14 days and later released on bail after their lawyer Narendra Jadhav submitted before the court that the JCB and the dumper allegedly used to break the median and collect the rubble had been surrendered to police.Assistant public prosecutor D L More said the trio were released as police had filed a remand report seeking magisterial custody . On March 31 , police had arrested Chandrakant Pawar and Girjaji Hengade for operating the vehicles to break the median.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12527466", "title": "Senior bureaucrats' arrests rattle Maharastra babudom", "text": "The arrests of former Mumbai municipal commissioner Jairaj Phatak and former urban development principal secretary Ramanand Tiwari in the multi-crore Adarsh society scam sent shockwaves through the state bureaucracy on Tuesday. Though expected ever since the arrest of finance (expenditure ) secretary Pradeep Vyas late last month, the development still created a sense of disquiet. Many bureaucrats, according to a high-ranking official , have not been clearing proposals since Vyas' arrestirrespective of their validity.\"Law will, no doubt , take its course. Since they were named in the first information report, their (Tiwari and Phatak) arrests were imminent . Still, the actual step of taking them into custody has jolted the whole babudom,\" a top bureaucrat said.For well over a decade, both Tiwari and Phatak were the most powerful bureaucrats in the corridors of power . Tiwari was principal secretary in the urban development department for record seven years, while Phatak got notable posts during his entire career spanning more than three decades. Before his repatriation to Maharashtra last year, Phatak was chairman and managing director of the Rural Electrification Corporation in New Delhi.A former chief secretary said \"the large number of arrests of retired and serving bureaucrats \" is unprecedented in Maharashtra and \"a matter for introspection for all of us\" .Tiwari, a 1972 batch IAS officer , has been accused of facilitating the transfer of FSI from the adjacent BEST land to Adarsh society, which allowed the building's height to be increased to 103.6 metres. The main charge against Phatak, a 1978 batch IAS officer , is that, as municipal commissioner , he allowed Adarsh to rise to over 100 metres without showing the proposal to the state-approved high-rise committee . Phatak's son has an apartment in the Colaba highrise . So does Tiwari's son.Phatak has denied the charge against him, saying that he was the school education secretary when his son was given Adarsh membership . He was suspended as the secretary for the statutory board for rest of Maharashtra on March 23. Tiwari was appointed the state information commissioner after he took voluntary retirement, but he was suspended from that position in January 2011 after his name came up in connection with the Adarsh scam.A veteran bureaucrat said: \"Look at the number of flats owned by babus in Mumbai. I have been told that most babus own at least two flats in Mumbai and Thane or Navi Mumbai . A babu's salary ranges between Rs 60,000 to Rs 1 lakh per month, but the monthly rent they earn can be as high as Rs 3 lakh to Rs 5 lakh. In wake of the Adarsh scam, the chief minister stopped allotting revenue land to societies of IAS and IPS officers. As a result, new officers are unable to secure land for housing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12526424", "title": "Paradip Port plans capacity increase to 251 MT in 2020", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Paradip Port has drawn up an ambitious plan to increase its capacity from existing 80 million metric tonnes per annum to 251 MT by 2020 despite fall in cargo traffic.Talking to mediapersons here, Paradip Port Trust (PPT) chairman G J Rao said the installation of two single point moorings (SPM) to handle very large crude carriers (VLCC) is underway by Indian Oil Corporation , which will add 22 million tonnes capacity. The capital dredging works, being undertaken by the port to increase draught of entrance channel, approach channel and berth faces to facilitate handling of 125,000 DWT size vessels, is on the verge of completion.An iron ore berth and a coal berth of 10 MTPA capacity will come up at the port on build operate and transfer (BOT) basis through public-private partnership (PPP) mode. PPT has got environment clearance and stage I forest clearance for the two projects, Rao said, adding the stage II forest clearance is expected by April-end paving the way for commencement of construction activities. Stage I forest clearance for construction of one Oil Jetty and Multipurpose Berth of 15 million tonnes total capacity is under process.The volume of cargo handled by PPT went down by 1.78 MT to 54.25 MT in 2011-12 compared to 56.03 MT the previous year. Port officials attributed the shortfall to slump of iron ore export by 7.30 million tonnes and coking coal import to the tune of 0.69 million metric tonnes. All other cargoes exhibited upward surge upsetting the impact of downfall of iron ore traffic, they said.The performance parameters on which efficiency of a port is measured have improved significantly during the year. The average pre-berthing waiting time, average turn-round time, and average berthday output have improved by 53%, 4% and 12% respectively over the corresponding figures of the previous year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12525897", "title": "Petitioners withdraw cases", "text": "LUDHIANA: The ongoing controversy regarding the Sutlej Club elections took a U turn on Tuesday when both the applicants who had filed their petition in the court against the elections withdrew their cases from the court.Sanjeev Dhanda, who lost the elections for general secretary's post, and Navtej Singh Natt, who lost contesting for the bar secretary's post, had moved to the court last week.Both of them took the plea that elections were not conducted in a fair manner and should be termed null and void.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12526292", "title": "Federal Bank hikes term deposit rates", "text": "KOCHI: Private sector lender Federal Bank has hiked interest rates on resident and NRE term deposits with effect from Tuesday.The new rates of interest for resident deposits of other maturity periods are as follows: 7 days to 45 days - 5.00%, 46 days to 180 days - 7.00%, 181 days to 199 days - 8.50%, 200 days - 9.50%, 201 days to less than 1 year - 8.50%, above 1 year to less than 3 years - 9.50%, 3 years and above - 9.25%.The new interest rate on NRE term deposits for a period of 1 year to less than 3 years is 9.50%, while for a period of 3 years and above it will be 9.25%. Senior citizens will be eligible for additional interest of 0.50% on resident term deposits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12527878", "title": "Charred body of 22-year-old woman found", "text": "LUCKNOW: A decomposed and charred body of a 22-year-old woman was found in an open trunk at Loco Pilot (LP) Colony in Alambagh police station area late on Tuesday evening. The police said that apparently it looks to be a case of murder. The girl was identified as Archana, and a resident of 58D, LP Railway Colony.Police came to know about the body only after neighbours started complaining about the foul smelling from the house. The police reached the spot and entered inside the house only to find charred body of the girl inside an open trunk in a sitting position. The body was wrapped in a blanket, the police said.According to police, the body looks to be at least 10 days old. Police quoting neighbours said that the victim had been living all alone at the house for the past one month after the death of her father. Her two sisters are married and live in Orissa.The police also came to know that after the death of her father, an unidentified boy was also living with Archana. However , the police have failed to ascertain the identity of the youth, who is for now missing. The police said that the youth is a suspect and efforts are being made to trace him. Family members of Archana have been informed and the body, the police said and the body sent for the post-mortem. The police said that the exact cause of Archana's death could only be ascertained after the post-mortem report is received.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "vishakhapatnam", "code": "12528510", "title": "India inducts Russian made nuclear submarine into Navy", "text": "VISHAKHAPATNAM: After a gap of two decades, India has joined the elite club of nations having nuclear-powered submarines with the induction of the Russian-origin 'Nerpa' into the Navy on Wednesday.Defence minister A K Antony commissioned the Akula II class Nerpa rechristened INS Chakra into the Navy.India had earlier leased and operated Charlie Class Russian nuclear submarine from 1988 for training its personnel on such submarines.With INS Chakra and the indigenous INS Arihant expected to start operational patrols soon, India will soon have two nuclear submarines guarding its vast maritime boundaries.The Nerpa has been taken on lease from Russia for ten years and would provide Navy the opportunity to train and operate such nuclear-powered vessels.\"Our crews will get the experience of operating under water for several months at a go as unlike the conventional diesel electric submarines, which have to come to surface at regular intervals, nuclear submarines can remain under water for months,\" Navy officials said.India had signed a deal with Russia in 2004 worth over $900 million for leasing the submarine.It was expected to be inducted a couple of years earlier, but after an accident in 2008, in which scores of Russian sailors died during trials, the delivery schedule was changed.Indian Navy crews have already been imparted training for operating the submarine in Russia. A crew of over 70 people including around 30 officers is required to operate the INS Chakra.The heart of the submarine is its nuclear reactor which has been made by Russia. Its displacement is around 8,140 tonnes. With a maximum speed of 30 knots, the vessel can go up to 600 meters in water and has an endurance of 100 days with a crew of 73.The vessel is armed with four 533mm torpedo tubes and four 650mm torpedo tubes.The indigenously built Arihant is also expected to join the naval fleet soon as DRDO chief V K Saraswat recently said that \"it is in advanced stages.It will be ready for operations in next few months\".India is also working to develop arsenal for Arihant as it has already carried out more than 10 test launches of the K-15 missile (also known as Sagarika) in the Bay of Bengal.The nuclear-capable ballistic missile is said to have a range of over 700 kms and the premier research agency plans to increase its strike range in the near future.The Nerpa was handed over to the Indian Navy after the completion of trials in December last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12525393", "title": "SC decision on 2G verdict review pleas likely today", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court is likely to give its decision on Wednesday on a host of review petitions, against the two judgments of the apex court on issues relating to cancellation of 2G spectrum licences, as well as grant of sanction for prosecution of public servants.The review pleas including those filed by Prime Minister's Office and telecom companies, were placed in chamber before a bench of Justices G S Singhvi and K S Radhakrishnan on Tuesday, but there was no communication on its outcome. Seven review pleas were filed by telecom companies and one each by the PMO, the Union government and former telecom minister A Raja, who is the key accused in the 2G scam case.While the PMO sought reconsideration of the three-month deadline given by the court for either grant or refusal of sanction for prosecution of government employees, the Union government questioned the judgment on the ground that it intruded the executive arena by recommending auction route for fresh allocation of spectrum licences. It had said that the first-come-first-serve was a policy decision and the court could not have imposed its view on the manner of allocation of the spectrum.Tata Teleservices , S Tel, Videocon Telecommunications Ltd, Sistema Shyam Teleservices Ltd, Unitech Wireless (TN) Pvt Ltd, Etisalat DB Telecommunication Pvt Ltd and Idea Cellular are seeking review of cancellation of mobile services licences.Raja has also sought reconsideration of the judgment, arguing that by holding that the licences were irregularly allotted during his tenure as the telecom minister, the court has already pre-judged his actions that would gravely prejudice him during the trial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12525663", "title": "Traffic cops under police commissioner's fire for not carrying weapons", "text": "MUMBAI: Six months after the home department approved a proposal to allow on-duty traffic policemen to carry small arms such as revolvers and pistols, the rules are not being strictly adhered to.Mumbai police commissioner Arup Patnaik has now issued a notice to the traffic department asking why the rule is not being followed.\"In spite of clear-cut directions that traffic policemen manning important junctions carry small arms, I find that personnel are defying the order. I found some traffic officers without a revolver or a pistol during my journey ,\" the notice states.Though traffic officers of the rank of sub-inspector and above have always carried weapons, this is the first time constables have been allowed to carry one. The decision to provide weapons to traffic constables was taken following several incidents in which on-duty personnel were manhandled and beaten up.Patnaik said that the idea behind the move was to ensure that traffic policemen are better equipped to tackle law and order problems and take immediate action.Some policemen have complained that carrying a weapon adds to their burden as they also have to carry two challan books and a diary.Patnaik has also pulled up cops for not turning up for firing practice. He has warned policemen that those defying orders will be transferred to the main control room and face departmental proceedings. \"If there's a shortage of arms, concerned senior inspectors should approach me and I will help their divisions get weapons,\" Patnaik said.Police commissioner Arup Patnaik has also pulled up policemen for not turning up for firing practice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "12531461", "title": "Indian tourist stranded in Dubai over mistaken identity", "text": "DUBAI: An Indian tourist here had to endure imprisonment after an impostor allegedly ran up unpaid credit card bills in his name.Mathew Joseph, a fisherman from Trivandrum who says he is visiting the UAE for the first time, was arrested over unpaid credit card dues of another man from Kerala whose name and other details resemble Joseph's, local media reports said.Joseph was held on January 12 and remanded at the Al Ghusais police station. He is currently on bail but is not allowed to fly back to India.Police said Joseph has about Rs 1,94,719 or 14,000 dirhams in unpaid credit card dues, which he accumulated while he worked in Dubai a few years ago.Interestingly, Joseph's name, his father's and mother's name along with his picture and even the signature in the passport matches that of another absconding individual who had worked as a driver in Dubai a few years ago. Even his date of birth is just seven days adrift of the alleged absconder.The Indian Consulate in Dubai said it has issued a letter authenticating his passport as original.According to officials at the Consulate, the letter can be produced before the authorities here and should be sufficient proof to determine the legality of the travel document.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12525939", "title": "Rail roko call delays trains by hours, except Shatabdi", "text": "LUDHIANA: Many train passengers had a tough time on Tuesday due to rail roko call given by BJP Kisan Morcha, but it turned out to be a smooth ride for those aboard the Shatadbi Express. While the other trains were delayed by one to two hours, authorities did not let agitators stop Shatabdi Express for long.The protesters demanding bonus for farmers on wheat crop and implementation of Dr Swaminathan report, stopped trains between 10am and 1pm near Sahnewal railway station. The trains during this time were stopped at one or other station causing inconvenience to e commuters leaving them waiting at the stations or in the trains.''Shatabdi was halted for around 15 minutes at city station and then near Phagwara, but not for long. Shane Punjab Express was stopped at Doraha railway station and reached city station an hour late. Besides this, Delhi-Pathankot Express was also delayed by over an-hour-and-half,'' said deputy station superintendent Vijay Bhatia.Most of the commuters were not even aware of the protest call and got irritated due to delay in the arrival and departure of trains. Unaware of any agitation on the tracks, a businessman and resident of Gill Road, Yashpal Singh said, ''I was going to Amritsar by Shane Punjab Express and railway officials informed us that the train was running late by an hour, but did not tell anything clearly.'' He said he was waiting at the platform for one hour and he came to know about the protest from another passenger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12530708", "title": "Rajinikanth surprises Amitabh Bachchan", "text": "The two superstars met up on Big B's Chennai visit.Amitabh Bachchan was recently in Chennai for his IPL performance. And the actor was surprised when his good old friend from the South film industry paid him an impromptu visit.South superstar Rajinikanth met Amitabh Bachchan in Chennai. Big B informed his fans about their meeting through a social networking site. He said, \"Rajnikanth pays me visit in my room! Looks recovered from his recent illness. Thank God ! Always a delight to spend time with him!\"The duo has worked together in several films like Giraftaar, Andha Kanoon and Hum .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12526417", "title": "Madurai institute launches state-wide study on beggars", "text": "MADURAI: A study, 'To understand life realities of beggars in Tamil Nadu', to be undertaken by the Madurai Institute of Social Sciences was inaugurated in the city on Tuesday. Madurai corporation mayor V V Rajan Chellappa and commissioner of police, P Kannappan launched the study where 250 students of social work and research scholars of the institute will work for the next six months to study the life conditions of beggars in various cities of the state.After the inauguration, the students as investigators of the study, interacted with beggars in various parts of the city, collecting data about their lives. P Ramasamy, assistant professor of social work and research co-ordinator of the institute said that the study would concentrate on parameters like the socio-economic background of the beggars, reasons for begging, family aspects, mode of begging and most importantly, the rehabilitation aspects for the beggars. Besides, the study would also take into note the emotional and physical health of the beggars.\"The data collection on these parameters will go on for next six months covering all the major cities of Tamil Nadu. A detailed report will be prepared on the findings and it will be submitted to the state government,\" Ramasamy said. \"The study is also part of the training for the social work students who should learn the skills of interaction, interview and data collection for their studies. It will be an opportunity for them to use their theoretical knowledge in the field work,\" Ramasamy added.Chairman and correspondent of the institute, D V P Raja said that the project was given to the college from the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment and the report will be given to the Planning Commission Committee which has taken begging as a serious social concern. \"The study is different in its approach as it will be taken in a simultaneous manner considering the high mobility of beggars. Hence, the study area will be divided in many parts and investigators will be deployed in all these places at the same time\", he said. \"Begging is a serious social problem and the institute has already submitted various reports to the Ministry of Social Justice. They have started considering the importance of this social problem. Interestingly, this is a very prominent problem in Tamil Nadu than in other parts of the country. We have planned to study all the factors behind this problem to derive proper rehabilitation methods,\" Raja added. According to the institute, students managed to contact around 300 beggars on Tuesday. \"It was quite a learning experience to interact with the beggars and lend a ear to the problems that they face,\" a student said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "12527488", "title": "Jorhat marketing board accused of graft", "text": "JORHAT: The Jorhat district unit of Asom Jatiyatabadi Yuba Chatra Parishad on Tuesday said that officials of the regulated marketing board are involved in a massive financial scam and have siphoned off crores collected as taxes from the traders in the past few years. The group said the largescale corruption was exposed in the documents they received from the Railways under the Right to Information Act, 2003.The chief minister and agriculture minister have also been informed about the irregularities in the marketing board and they have ordered two different probes - one by the agriculture department and another by the Jorhat Deputy commissioner - to find out the truths.AJYCP Jorhat president Siva Kalita said: \"The chairman of the Jorhat district regulated marketing board and other officials have been embezzling funds for the last few years. As per the records of railways the marketing board collected around Rs 2.85 crore between January and October, 2011. But, records maintained by the board said put the figure at just Rs 92.82 lakh. It is clear that this huge amount - around Rs 2 crore - has been siphoned off by the concerned officials.\"He added: \"We staged a dharna in front of Jorhat DC office demanding a high-level inquiry into the matter. We on Tuesday also sent memorandums to the chief minister, agriculture minister and commissioner secretary to take immediate step in this issue.\"When contracted Sarat Saikia, chairman of Jorhat district marketing board, said: \"'I am not directly involved with tax collection matters. But I issued a notification to the concerned businessmen to submit their tax documents as soon as the allegations were raised. This has taken place due to some unscrupulous traders and I want the government to conduct a probe and punish the offenders.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "12525925", "title": "Master philatelist Dr Satish and his love for butterflies", "text": "BRS NAGAR: Dr Satish Kumar Sondhi's fascination with butterflies keeps him ahead of all his competitors in philately as the veteran stamp collector's album on butterflies has not been challenged so far.Sondhi's vast collection includes stamps on blood donation, astronomy, road safety and AIDS awareness among other themes. The 66-year-old says he received an album of three-dimensional stamps of Bhutan from his cousin Jyoti Shahi from Dehradun when he was 10 and that gift left him inspired towards philately. Later, he started participating in philately exhibitions and used to purchase stamps on different themes. He was one of the founding members of the Ludhiana Philatelic Club in 1973 and served as the founder president of the club.A resident of BRS Nagar, Sondhi says, initially, he used to collect stamps from dealers, but later on, he made friends around the world with post and bought and exchanged stamps with these pen friends.''My objective has been collection of information and not just stamps,'' he adds.Sondhi had retired as the dean of College of Agricultural Engineering of Punjab Agricultural University. He says he has exhibited his collection at many regional, national and international philatelic exhibitions and has won many awards. ''At international level, I had won an award in Denmark and Spain. I am a life time member of Philatelic Congress of India and a member of Astronomy Study Unit and Lepidopterists Association (Philatelic) Unit of American Topical Association,'' says Sondhi.The philatelist has numerous books on various themes on which stamps have been released. He used to read these books whenever collecting a particular theme based stamps. ''I have also co-authored a book on philately to make people aware of this dying hobby,'' he adds. ''We even conduct seminars on philately at educational institutes to encourage students towards it,'' says Sondhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12526981", "title": "Cooperative aided LPG scam", "text": "CHENNAI: The vast LPG black market racket in Chennai does not involve only private dealers, who divert cooking gas cylinders for sale at a huge premium. According to data obtained under the RTI Act, employees of a large and trusted cooperative society were among the biggest players in the scam.Information provided by the Indian Oil Corporation showed that the company booked Triplicane Urban Cooperative Society (TUCS) for illegal diversion of 12,065 domestic gas cylinders for commercial use over the past five years. IOC fined seven TUCS branches a total of over 1 crore for diverting LPG cylinders.Officials of TUCS confirmed that 20 employees had been involved in the racket. \"Ten of the 20 employees involved in diverting cylinders have been sacked ,\" a TUCS official said. \"We have taken adequate steps to ensure more transparency in distribution.\"TOI had on Monday reported that 34 LPG dealers in the city were booked in 244 raids over five years from the thriving LPG black market.The TUCS official said the cooperative has 18 franchises across the city. TUCS has not taken any action even though many complaints have been filed with the cooperative, said Gunasekaran V, a resident of Thiruvanmiyur. \"I even filed a complaint with IOC, but officials of the company said they were unable to take strict action against TUCS because it is a cooperative society,\" he said.\"They never respond to customer requests and always says that they are out of stock while their delivery boys sell cylinders in black for a commission,\" he added.Consumers said poor monitoring by oil companies allowed a nexus to develop between the LPG mafia and certain gas dealers. Industry sources said a huge demand has been created for gas cylinders in the city because of the backlog due to the recent LPG transporters strike. All India Indane Distributors Association vice-president A Ramachandran said, \"Many oil companies provide too few cylinders to meet the demand,\" he said.The IOC reply said dealers in the city diverted between 100 and 3,500 gas cylinders to the black market. Among the major gas dealers that found guilty of diversion of cylinders are Asiatic Oxygen Ltd (3,290), Ganesha Gas (3076), Vaishnavi Agency (2,241), Sri Ma Kripa (1,303), Rajesh Gas (1,227 cylinders), Park Town (1,221), Sri Balaji Gas Agency (1,054) and Mahaganapathy (1,004).Helpline numbers: Indian Oil Corporation: 044-28330121, Hindustan Petroleum: 044-24985153, Bharat Petroleum: 044-27924193, 26213914.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12525463", "title": "Officials prepare to fog out mosquito breeding in district", "text": "times news networkNOIDA: The sudden spurt of Culex mosquitoes, whose bite can lead to encephalitis in severe cases, has sent the medical wing in Noida into overdrive. The combination of increase in population of these mosquitoes, which breed in dirty water, and the massive number of open drains in the city has prompted the district administration to start fogging in the district.\"A Culex mosquito doesn't need clean water to breed like the Aedes and Anopheles mosquito and breeds in dirty water. As a result, Noida's dirty drains can be particularly problematic,\" said Dr VA Bhardwaj, senior physician, Bhardwaj Hospital.The administration has decided to begin fogging early this year, beginning this month. \"The fogging will begin in Phase-II. Special focus will be on vulnerable areas where the mosquito is likely to breed,\" said Vedpal, health officer.Earlier, the district magistrate, Dr Shanmuga Sundaram, wrote to all health officials to make preparations to prevent the outbreak of dengue fever and malaria and other vector borne diseases in the district and identify areas where they are prevalent. \"With the onset of summer, the outbreak of various infectious diseases such as malaria and dengue becomes likely. As a result, it is essential that district health officials ensure that awareness about such diseases is spread and preparations to handle any possible outbreaks should be made from now,\" reads the letter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12520540", "title": "Priyanka Chopra beats Big B, Sachin Tendulkar", "text": "A recent survey declared Priyanka Chopra as the topmost influential Indian in the social media circuit.With social media gaining prominence in present times, a company has compiled the list of the most influential names in the Indian domain. And no, it's not any of the Khans who top the list. Believe it or not, it's Priyanka Chopra who is at the number one position.The list compiled by Pinstorm India has Shashi Tharoor at number 2 and Amitabh Bachchan on number 3. The list consists of 100 names ranging from Aamir Khan to Salman Khan to Taran Adarsh and many more. However it's Priyanka Chopra who has made it to the top slot.Priyanka Chopra also has the highest number of followers on Twitter (22,28,363) which is more than the followers of Sachin Tendulkar .Presently Priyanka Chopra has been working round the clock shooting for Krissh 3 , Kunal Kohli's Teri Meri Kahaani and finishing her endorsement commitments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12526125", "title": "College, varsity teachers wait for revised pay arrears", "text": "PATNA: Will the teachers of colleges and universities in Bihar ever get the arrears of their payscales revised by the UGC in 1996 and 2006? As things stand today, it seems unlikely.Every teacher who availed of the revised pay in the fifth and sixth pay revisions is entitled to get lakhs of rupees as differences of his or her pay. But the state government is allegedly sitting on the matter. Neither the arrears of the fifth pay revision have been cleared nor have the payment of arrears of the sixth pay revision started. While notifying the implementation of the sixth pay revision earlier, the state HRD department said the payment of arrears from January 2006 to July 2010 would be made in five annual instalments beginning 2011-12. But the teachers did not get it even after the end of the period of payment of first instalment.Federation of University Teachers' Associations of Bihar's working president Kanhaiya Bahadur Sinha said the total dues of university teachers must be to the tune of Rs 1500 crore (as stated by the government in the Patna high court), leaving aside the 6th pay revision arrears due since 2006. Of the Rs !500 crore, Rs 600 crore has been released by the government since 2008 in three instalments on court orders. Most of these rants were utilized for payment of retirement dues. But majority of the working teachers are still waiting for their turn to get their arrears. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12526036", "title": "More depts to come under Green Channel", "text": "HYDERABAD: The purview of the Green Channel, a system through which budgetary allocations are made for welfare schemes, would be expanded to include more departments in the new financial year, said finance minister Anam Ramnarayan Reddy.Addressing a press conference here on Tuesday, he said the system proved very effective as the welfare schemes were getting funds on time. Keeping this in view, the government was planning to expand its scope to include some more departments.The Green Channel was introduced in July last year on an experimental basis to release funds for the welfare schemes, including scholarships, diet charges, mid-day meals, being implemented by eight different departments.Stating that state finances were stable, the minister informed the media that the budgetary information would be made available online in order to bring in transparency on the financial status of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12525480", "title": "Buyers move HC to fast track Noida Extn projects", "text": "Ayaskant Das | tnnNOIDA: Homebuyers of Noida Extension have filed a writ petition in the Allahabad high court pleading that a writ, order or direction be issued to the NCR Planning Board to take a decision within a fixed time frame so that construction of housing projects can resume. Members of Noida Extension Flat Owners and Members Association, the petitioners, personally served a copy of the petition to NCRPB in New Delhi on Tuesday. Counsel for the buyers' group, VK Singh, said the case will be heard on April 10.The respondents in the case, apart from the planning board, are the state government and Greater Noida Authority. \"As per the notice served on NCRPB, an appearance has to be made before the high court on or before April 10 to explain why the application made by my client should not be granted,\" added Singh.Petitioner Abhishek Kumar of the buyers' body said, \"We petitioned in the high court that the respondents be directed to take a decision regarding the Master Plan 2021 to give justice to those middle-income families who have invested their life's savings in housing units.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12526613", "title": "Cops hunt for 15 youths involved in assaulting lovers", "text": "COIMBATORE: Police have booked 15 youths for kidnapping and assaulting a construction worker and his lover. Three years ago, M Shakthi (23), a construction worker from Pollachi, fell in love with S Sowmya (20), of the same area. The girl's parents, who had initially agreed to the marriage, later changed their mind when they suspected the boy's character. Although the girl's parents moved from Pollachi to Mettupalayam, the lovers continued their relationship. Meanwhile, the girl's parents started looking for a groom for their daughter.On Monday, Shakthi received a call from Sowmya informing him about the search for a potential groom. She asked him to marry her immediately after whisking her away. On Monday afternoon, Shakthi left for Karamadai where Sowmya was waiting for him. They came to Coimbatore by 3.30pm on Monday. When they were on Vincent Street, a Muslim dominated area, the bike tyre got punctured. Muslim youths, who noticed the girl wearing a bindi, questioned her and later kidnapped her. Both of them were kept confined by the youths for over an hour. The boy's mobile phone was seized. The youths also stoned Shakthi. Residents informed the police and a special team rescued the lovers. Meanwhile, the youths fled.Police have booked the youths under nine sections -- 147 (punishment for rioting), 341 (wrongful restraint), 323 (voluntarily causing hurt) 324 (causing hurt by dangerous weapons), 363 (kidnapping), 355 (assault or criminal force with intent to dishonour a person), 379 (Punishment for theft) and 294 (b) (uttering abusive words).ACP, L Balaji Saravanan, said, \"A special team has been formed to arrest the absconding accused.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12525991", "title": "Blame game after blackout, security mess-up at CM's event", "text": "KOLKATA: Kolkata's tryst with power failures seems never-ending now. And this time the stakes were considerably high. Consider this: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee on the dais surrounded by nearly 20,000 people, only a few of whom have undergone some basic frisking while entering the Netaji Indoor Stadium. A handful of security personnel doing their best to keep people away from the dais and there was a sudden blackout at the venue. venue suddenly there was a power gets enveloped in complete darkness.Kolkata's record of power failures at crucial moments remained intact on Tuesday evening but this time the stakes was considerably higher.Officers, in charge of Mamata Banerjee's security, admitted that they could have done little to thwart an attempt on the CM's life with so many people around.The venue had decked up for a meeting of imams from different parts of the state and the chief guest was Mamata Banerjee. Though the meeting was scheduled to start at 4pm, people started flocking the stadium premises from 2pm onwards. With so many people entering together, the best that the on-duty policemen could do was waving their hand-held metal detectors at random after people crossed the door frame metal detectors. Many entered with bags but only a few could come under security checks. The best that the policemen could manage was a glance at the bags.\"It was a complete security mess-up. But then, there were instructions of not getting too harsh as the imams were guests and the government did not want to hurt sentiments. There wasn't proper frisking of those who entered the ground floor and came close to the dais. We were alarmed when the power supply tripped,\" an officer said.Mamata had started her rounds on the dais soon after the programme began. On a couple of occasions, she had even come extremely close to the people standing just below the dais. A police officer claimed that when the blackout happened at 4.30pm he had no clue about the exact location of the CM on the dais. For the next couple of minutes, the only lights inside the stadium were from camera flashes and cell phone screens. When the emergency lights flashed, the CM was seen speaking to someone on her cell phone. Her face revealed that she was clearly not amused at the disruption that had taken place. It took another 20 odd minutes for normal power supply to resume.Strangely, neither CESC nor the PWD - which are in charge of the stadium - could explain why the power disruption took place. \"We were informed and our men rushed to the premises but there was no disruption in the high tension (HT) power supply. In fact, the keys to the HT supply room are with the PWD. Their men opened the room and checked the supply but found nothing wrong. There could have been a low voltage switch failure,\" a CESC official said.The PWD, however, maintained that CESC officials can only comment on the power failure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "asti (lucknow)", "code": "12527628", "title": "Starving, living in penury; yet BPL list eludes their names", "text": "ASTI (LUCKNOW): In an area of 100 square feet, Kallu lives with his three sons, who work as daily wage labourers and their large families.They cook food in the traditional chullah and have seen television only at the house of the village kotedaar . Just behind Kallu's home lives his relative Chotelal who lives in a similar condition.Not far lives Jai Karan with his family of six. Had it not been for his wife who can make cane baskets, the family would have starved. \"My leg was injured recently because of which I am not able to go out for work,\" he said.Leading an extremely difficult life, these people will not be able to avail the advantage of provisions in the food security bill despite their poor condition.Not only this, they may not even get free treatment at a government hospital in case they fall sick. In fact, the lot will not be able to get the benefit of any welfare scheme launched by the state or central governments.The reason: these people are not poor in the eyes of the local administration due to which their names are not mentioned in the list of people living below poverty line (BPL). Interestingly some of them hold an above poverty line card. Munni Devi for instance , who lives next to Jai Karan's house, said, \"People had come for the survey recently . I have requested them to have mercy over our poor condition and include our names in the new list,\" she said.In contrast, the BPL list contains the name of Babulal , former pradhan's husband , who lives in a pucca house with his family. His younger brother Tulsi also has a BPL card. Babulal justified having his name in the BPL list saying, \"I am a jobless poor man. Though I have a small land holding, it is not enough to sustain my large family.\" As per official estimates , more than one crore BPL families live in UP. However , other surveys including the recent economic survey puts the number to about 5 crore for UP.NGOs and social groups believe that more than 60% families living in UP should be grouped under BPL.Field workers at All India Democratic Women's Association (AIDWA) claim that Babulal's name figuring in the BPL list is not an erroneous entry. \"The village is full of examples that blatantly defy the criteria for BPL and consciously enjoy the gain. Some of them have cars, direct to home cable network and fancy mobile phones besides the pucca home, plots and even farmhouses,\" said Madhu Garg, state president , AIDWA.\"The discrepancy deprives people genuinely in need of assistance and help. Now that the survey for revision of BPL list is about to begin , it is time for the administration to work cautiously, so that people like Kallu and Jai Karan get their rightful due,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12526205", "title": "2158 JP activists given monthly pension", "text": "PATNA: The state government on Tuesday said that as many as 2,158 persons, who participated in the JP movement from March 18, 1974, to March 21, 1977, were granted pension under the JP Samman Monthly Pension Scheme since June, 2009. Till date, the government has spent a sum of Rs 17.32 crore in this connection till February 2012, said state water resources development department minister Vijay Kumar Chaudhary in pre-lunch session of the Bihar Legislative Council.Replying to a calling attention motion of Vijay Kumar Verma (JD-U), Chaudhary, who is also the in-charge minister of the state home department, said those who were in jail for a period of one to six months under Maintenance of Internal Security Act (MISA) from 1974 to 1997 will get a monthly pension of Rs 2,500. The surviving spouse of those who were killed in police firing during this period would get monthly stipend of Rs 5,000, he said.Several categories were organized for giving monthly pension to those who were closely associated with the JP movement. Those who have not submitted their application till December 31, 2007, can submit it along with all relevant documents to the JP Samman Monthly Pension Scheme advisory board, Chaudhary said. The final decision will be taken by committee headed by the principal secretary, home department., he said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12526054", "title": "Onion auctions back with a bang", "text": "NASHIK: The auctions of onions at the Lasalgaon APMC ( Agriculture Produce Market Committee) in Nashik district, which were closed from March 28 as traders were completing their annual accounts for the financial year 2011-12, reopened on Tuesday with a 10.58% rise in the prices of onions. The average wholesale prices are expected to touch Rs 550 in the next two weeks due to end of the late Kharif harvest and low volumes of the new summer crop.The average wholesale prices in Lasalgaon APMC, Asia's biggest onion market, increased around 10.58% on its opening day on Tuesday as compared to the last working day on Tuesday, March 27.The average wholesale prices of onions, which were priced around Rs 425 a quintal on Tuesday March 27, increased by 10.58% to Rs 470 a quintal on Tuesday. due to low arrival of the crop in the market.Around 9,250 quintals were auctioned at the Lasalgaon APMC on Tuesday against 11,000 quintals on March 27.\"The late Kharif crop has almost ended and its arrival is expected to continue till mid-April. The arrival of the summer crop has also begun in the market, but in low quantities. So, the regular arrival of onions at the Lasalgaon APMC market has decreased from 20,000 quintals to 9,000 quintals a day. Hence, the wholesale prices of onions have increased by Rs 45 (10%) in a week and is expected to reach up to Rs 550 a quintal in the next two weeks,\" an official from the Lasalgaon APMC said.The official explained that the shelf life of Kharif and late Kharif onions is around two months and they rot thereafter. Hence, farmers have no option but to sell them at the prevailing market rates. On the contrary, the shelf life of the summer crop is around six to eight months. Hence, farmers prefer storing it and bringing it to the market as per their convenience. Presently, the summer crop harvest has begun and its regular arrival is expected in the market by April-end. The late Kharif harvest has almost ended and is expected to continue upto April 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12527511", "title": "Vegetable prices soar as eviction is intensified", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Kamrup (Metro) district administration on Tuesday launched an eviction drive on Tarun Ram Phookan Road in Machkhowa even as the vegetable vendors who were issued notices earlier staged protests at the market.Speaking to TOI, Kamrup (Metro) deputy commissioner Ashutosh Agnihotri said they will not allow the road to be used by traders, which makes it inconvenient for city commuters. \"On Tuesday, the administration carried out eviction drive on the stretch of the road where loading and unloading of goods was in progress. Our aim is to clear the city roads of unauthorized trading as it makes commuting difficult,\" Agnihotri said.Meanwhile, vendors at the Machkhowa vegetable market continued their protest against the eviction on Tuesday, burning effigies of the GMC commissioner Puru Gupta, Kamrup (Metro) deputy commissioner Ashutosh Agnihotri and circle officer (Guwahati) Pulak Mahanta. Rise in the price of vegetables in Fancy Bazar and adjoining markets was observed on Tuesday after supplies from Barpeta and other districts in lower Assam have stopped after the eviction, the biggest retail vegetable market of the city.\"We have asked the district administration and the Guwahati Municipal Corporation (GMC) either to allot us the site by the Bharalumukh river or on Kedar road, but they have paid no heed to our problems. Green grocers from across the city buy their stock at Machkhowa vegetable market, and now the the public will face the heat as vegetable prices have started to increase,\" said Jaber Ali, president of Machkhowa Vegetable Retailers Development Association.In another drive against structure flouting building bylaws, the GMC sealed three commercial buildings, one at Kamarpatty and two at the SRCB road in Fancy Bazar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12525439", "title": "Lift proves costly for senior citizens", "text": "MUMBAI: Two senior citizens who took a lift from strangers on the Mumbai-Ahmedabad highway on Monday were robbed of cash and jewellery by the vehicle's occupants.The victims, Raghunath Patil (72) and his wife Pratibha (70), were waiting for a state transport bus near the Virar toll naka around 1.30pm. The two were returning to their home in Ubarpada after visiting some relatives.While they were waiting, three youths in a Maruti 800 offered them a lift. The two climbed into the car's rear seat. After the vehicle left the toll naka, the driver of the car slowed down. One youth sitting next the couple pulled out a knife and told Pratibha to remove her jewellery. Another man asked Raghunath to hand over his wallet.After leaving the two on the highway and the youths fled with cash and valuables totalling Rs 1.5 lakh. The couple, however, managed to note down the car's registration number and approached the police. A case has been registered against unknown persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12526663", "title": "Over 100 jewellers court arrest", "text": "KANPUR: The jewellers staged a protest on Tuesday afternoon, demanding withdrawal of the hike in excise duty on jewellery items.Led by UP Sarafa Association and Kanpur Mahanagar Sarafa Association, the jewellers protested at Bada Chauraha. They gathered at Dhobi Mohal and reached Bada Chauraha in the form of a procession. The protestors sat on roads, raised anti-government slogans and pledged to fight for the cause.They held placards and raised slogans against the Central government. Later, the jewellers participated in the 'jail bharo andolan'. A large contingent of police was present at Bada Chauraha to avoid any untoward incident. The cops arrested the jewellers and took them to police lines. Over 100 persons were taken into custody. At 5 pm, the jewellers were released. The police warned the jewellers to not to take law into their hands. The jewellers said that the stir would continue. The jewelers got support from various trade unions. Gyanesh Mishra, BJP MLA, Salil Vishnoi and several other traders participated in the protest. Later in the evening, the jewellers conducted a 'Sad-Buddhi' yagya.Meanwhile, the jewellery shops remained closed for the 18th day. The bandh has started affecting the small-time workers employed in jewellery stores.Talking to TOI, Pushpendra Jaiswal, president, Akhil Bhartiya Swarnkar Vikas Parishad said that the jewellers had decided to continue the fight. He said that the finance minister had said a firm no to the jewellers about rolling back the hiked excise duty and the Prime Minister is not intervening in the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "12524839", "title": "Four killed in separate accidents", "text": "AKOLA: Two persons were killed and two others were seriously injured when an autorickshaw and a tractor collided on Lavala - Sakharkherda Road in neighbouring Buldhana district on Monday.Hari Jadhav (30), the auto driver, was killed on spot while injured passenger Dnyaneshwar Pawar (40) died while being treated at Chikhli General Hospital. Other passengers Uddhav Sawadatkar (45) and Vilas Sable (40) were also injured in the accident, police reported.In another accident, a biker was killed near a diversion at village Kasli on Akot - Akola Road on Monday. The victim has been identified as Balkrishna Kolekar, resident of village Shirala. By the time police reached the spot, Kolekar had died.A woman devotee was killed in another accident when a six-seater collided with a truck near Nimba village diversion near Akola on Monday. The victim, identified as Shobha Devtale (48), was among other devotees returning to Daryapur from Shegaon shrine. Thirteen other passengers were injured in the accident.In another accident seven persons were injured when a truck collided with a MSRTC bus on Patur-Balapur Road on Monday. The Balapur-bound bus has been partially damaged.Balapur bound ST bus met head on collision with a truck coming in opposite direction. ST has been partially damaged.All the accidents occurred on a single day. Offences have been registered against the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12526402", "title": "URE for Library science course hangs in mid air", "text": "TRICHY: In a clear break from conventionand statutory obligations, Bharathidasan University did not conduct the University Rank Examinations for Master of Library and Information Science (MLIS) that should have been held in April, 2011. The university could not conduct the examination as there were only three students.Controller of Examinations Dr S Sridharan, in his notification dated September 22, 2011, had informed all principals (of autonomous and non-autonomous colleges)to apply for University Rank Examination for PG courses, and the date of the examination was fixed on October 8, 2011. The notification said top 20 rank holders of affiliated colleges and the first rank holder of each subject of each autonomous college were eligible to attend the URE. It was also considered to be an \"equalizer examination\" as the toppers of both autonomous and non-autonomous colleges competed for the top slot. The URE consisted of two papers by grouping of titles of core papers under Paper I and II. The type of questions would be objective comprising the syllabus of the core papers, generally followed by both autonomous and non-autonomous colleges.But no such URE was conducted for MLIS until now. A PG student of Bishop Heber College, Trichy, J Eldine Romella brought it to the notice of the Vice-Chancellor through a letter dated March 23, 2012. Eldine's father Dr John Williams, himself a retired history professor of Bishop Heber College, told TOI that he was informed over phone from the university that the University Rank Examination for MLIS course was not possible as there were only three candidates. She made an appeal to the Controller of Examinations twice \"through proper channel requesting to do the needful in this regard\". Eldine further wrote that \"I am losing a meritorious certificate for no fault of mine.\"When contacted, Dr Sridharan said the matter had been explained umpteen number of times and no one was willing to accept reality. He said the UGC clearly defined that there should be at least 1,000 students in the undergraduate stream, and at least 200 students in the postgraduate level to qualify for URE in a given subject. It would be ridiculous to go for a URE with just three students, he said. In fact, these students are hell-bent on such a ranking certificate, for it would enable them to qualify for UGC fellowships, but what can the university do if there are no takers for the course, Dr Sridharan said. Subjects like MLIS are offered only in Bishop Heber, Trichy, and AVVM Sri Pushpam College, Poondi, Thanjavur, both autonomous colleges. Furthermore, courses like \"Wildlife biology,\" and \"Marine Science\" have few takers. The university cannot conduct URE for a couple of students, making a mockery of the test itself, Dr Sridharan further said.However, the students said these points should have been cleared by the university once and for all. The university was yet come out with a written clarification over the matter, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12527570", "title": "Travellers prefer getaways in state, Goa this long weekend", "text": "PUNE: Tadoba's lush wilderness and Goa's emerald-green waters seem to have enticed many a travel aficionado to give popular foreign destinations such as Sri Lanka and Dubai a miss. The Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation's (MTDC) resorts in Tarkarli, Ganpatipule , Mahabaleshwar, Harihareshwar, Amboli and Shirdi show 100% bookings already, with the tourist rush at these retreats increasing by a good 15 to 20% this extended weekend.An official from MTDC's booking and information reservation division said that resorts at Mahabaleshwar, Ganpatipule , Karla, Lonavla, Bhandardara and Shirdi are most popular this weekend. \"Many families as well as working professionals are using the extended weekend as a precursor to their summer vacation in May. The crowd has increased and so have the enquiries for resorts, especially from April 5 to 8,\" he said.Dilip Shinde, joint managing director, MTDC further added that resorts in Nagpur and Tadoba in the district of Chandrapur are already booked to capacity.Nikhil Thakurdas, chief executive officer of a city-based travel agency added that foreign destinations were being avoided, as against the trend seen during the last extended weekend. \"The long weekend three months ago - from January 26 to 29 - saw many opting for foreign destinations, such as Singapore , Thailand , Sri Lanka and Dubai. This time, most travel enthusiasts prefer to Goa, Mahabaleshwar, Panchgani, Matheran and even Mumbai. These travellers already have big plans for the coming vacations in May and thus, short week-end getaways nearby seem good enough to most,\" said Thakurdas.He added that many of these travelers are saving for the coming vacation and nearby getaways, therefore, suffice. \"The more the gap between a long weekend and the last public holiday that preceded it, the greater is the enthusiasm for that particular weekend. Also, the hot weather in Dubai and Sri Lanka in April and the upcoming IPL matches have made many to decide on holidaying within the country,\" added Thakurdas.GKrishna, general manager at another travel agency in the city, as well as the treasurer of the Pune chapter of Travel Agents Association of India (TAAI) rated Coorg, in Karnataka, and Munnar in Kerala as 'most preferred' this weekend. \"We have received about seven to eight enquiries for Coorg and ten for Munnar. All the enquiries for the latter have been confirmed . Apart from these, Goa, Matheran and Mahabaleshwar still reign supreme. No foreign visits, however, as school examination is still on for many,\" he said.Krishna added that the service tax imposition on air fares from April 1 this year has increased the air ticket prices by 10 to 12%. \"Travellers are therefore sticking to destinations within the country ,\" he added.Sachin Pardeshi, manager at another travel agency in Deccan, said that about 50% of his clients travelling this weekend are heading to Panchgani, Mahabaleshwar and Matheran. \"Parents avoid going too far as the school examinations are still on. Youngsters are mostly opting for Goa,\" he added.Bawanpreet Kaur, manager at a citybased bank, said, \"I am heading for a spiritual retreat to Nargol, a beach village in Gujarat . It is a six-hour drive from Pune and an ideal spot to unwind.\"Amit Sharma, an event executive, is heading to Goa. \"The four-day break comes as a relief to working professionals like me,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "12527402", "title": "Fizzy drinks in childhood tied to heart ailments", "text": "MELBOURNE: Children who drink fizzy drinks may be at greater risk of developing heart disease later in life, a new research has suggested. Researchers of University of Sydney who conducted the study where about 2,000 12-year-olds took part claimed that the children who drank one or more soft drinks each day had narrower arteries in the back of their eyes - a factor associated with increased risk of heart disease and high blood pressure.The children took part in the investigation by the University's Westmead Millennium Institute for Medical Research. The institute's researcher Bamini Gopinath was quoted by an ABC report as saying that the results reinforce the importance of a healthy diet.\"This is just another piece of evidence to show that fizzy drinks really aren't that good for our children ,\" Gopinath said. \"More studies like this would build a strong evidence base to perhaps bring about change in policy and practice and in the way foods are products are marketed or advertized to our children,\" he said.The study was an extension of another research project which found similar damage in children who watched too much of television.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12526447", "title": "US hopeful of reopening NATO supply routes from Pak to Afghanistan", "text": "WASHINGTON: Amid a crucial review of Pak-US ties by Pakistani lawmakers, the US on Tuesday expressed the hope that Islamabad would soon open the crucial supply NATO route to Afghanistan.\"With respect to the ground supply routes into Afghanistan, we remain hopeful that those routes will be reopened in the near future, and discussions with the Pakistanis continue on a range of issues,\" Pentagon press secretary George Little said.The supply routes were closed last November after Pakistani soldiers were killed in a NATO cross border fire.On the issue of two American generals who recently traveled to Islamabad to hold talks with their Pakistani counterparts, Little said they had \"a very good session\" and are looking forward to future discussions.\"The relationship with Pakistan remains very important to the United States and we're always looking for ways to explore further cooperation,\" Little told reporters at a Pentagon news conference.He underlined that bilateral cooperation continues on a variety of fronts, including the issue of counterterrorism and coordination along the border with Afghanistan.\"We think that the relationship is settling and, even though we've been through a rocky period, we can get through it,\" Little said in response to a question.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "nellore", "code": "12526229", "title": "After sit-ups in school, girls end up in hospital", "text": "NELLORE: Fifteen girl students of Gudur municipal high school were admitted to a private hospital after their teacher punished them for not reciting a poem. Police on Tuesday slapped a case against teacher Pratima, a resident of Nellore, for meting out harsh punishment to class VI students.Pratima, who takes part-time computer classes, was reportedly asked to handle Telugu class by the headmaster on Monday as the subject teacher was absent. The teacher lost her cool when some 15 girl students failed to recite a poem and they were asked to do 150 sit-ups. The students had no option but to bow to her diktat. The students barely could walk on Tuesday and the hostel authorities rushed them to a private hospital where they are recovering.Local legislator Balli Durgaprasada Rao and municipal commissioner Seetharamaiah who visited the hospital said that stringent action would be taken against the teacher. The doctors said that though most of the children would recover from the trauma and pain, two children were kept under close watch following development of other complications.District collector Sridhar asked the commissioner to provide all assistance to the hospital authorities and children till they recover.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12527512", "title": "State should establish a biodiversity board: Gadgil", "text": "PUNE: Eminent ecologist Madhav Gadgil said on Tuesday that the state government should immediately initiate steps to establish a state biodiversity board to facilitate protection of hill tops and hill slopes in the city.Speaking during a meeting organised at the Pune Municipal Corporation's (PMC) Indradhanu environment centre , he said, \"If Maharashtra establishes a biodiversity board, it would help protect biodiversity parks (BDPs) in Pune.\" Karnataka already has such a board in place, he added.Gadgil said, \"Hill tops, hill slopes and rivers are the natural heritage of a city and need to be protected. We need to take steps if we want to save the environment .\" The prime objective of the board would be to foster the institutional setup for documentation , sustainable use and development of the rich biodiversity of the state.India enacted the Biological Diversity Act 2002 in furtherance to its obligations under the Convention on Biological Diversity 1993.Gadgil was a member of the committee that enacted the Act, which inter alia regulates the access and use of biological resources through the establishment of the National Biodiversity Authority and State Biodiversity Authorities . The Act also protects intellectual property rights for inventions based on biological resources obtained from India.Former Union minister Mohan Dharia said the state government should not succumb to pressure to allow constructions in proposed BDPs. It should respect the voice of citizens . NCP Rajya Sabha MP Vandana Chavan said, \"The state government has appointed a committee to study the BDP issue . Though the committee has no local representation, it should nonetheless give a hearing to local experts. The city cannot afford to lose its green space.\"Chavan, who is also the NCP city unit chief, said she has told city improvement committee chairman Chetan Tupe to consult NGOs while finalising the development plan for the city. Meanwhile, Chavan was felicitated by industrialist Anu Aga on becoming a Rajya Sabha MP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12527025", "title": "Bad times over: Bokaro Power Supply Company Ltd chairman", "text": "BOKARO: Bokaro Power Supply Company Ltd (BPSCL) chairman Umesh Kumar on Tuesday said the company has overcome the obstacles that hindered power production in 2011 through the efforts of his team in the past five months. \"The bad times are over and now there will not be long power cuts in the town and the BSL with the supply of adequate power and steam,\" Kumar said.Kumar inspected the upcoming ninth boiler project - with an investment of Rs 300 crore -and reviewed the performance of BPSCL's 302-capacity power plant inside BSL. He also held a meeting with BPSCL CEO PC Chaturvedi, DGM RR Sinha and other officials. The project is technically superior to the existing eight BPSCL boilers and will enhance power production by a minimum of 36 MW from the existing 302 MW.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12526543", "title": "Gehlot's meeting disrupted by CPM in Sriganganagar", "text": "JAIPUR: Chief minister Ashok Gehlot's public assembly at Gharsana in Sriganganagar district on Tuesday witnessed disruptions when CPM supporters staged a dharna before him demanding creation of Anoopgarh as a new district.The protesters were led by CPM legislator from Anoopgarh, Pawan Duggal. Besides the demand for creation of the new district, the CPI (M) supporters asked the chief minister to provide adequate irrigation water for the areas' farmers and withdraw the criminal cases registered against the locals during the Rawala-Gharsana farmers' agitation held during the BJP government's rule.Congress' local MLAs Santosh Saharan and Daulat Raj, considered among the disgruntled legislators, did not attend the function.\"The three nearest district headquarters for the local people here are Bikaner, Sriganganagar and Hanumangarh and none of these is less than 150-kms away from Anoopgarh. Our demand for Anoopgarh as a new district is justified, especially when the chief minister announced in his budget speech that new districts shall be created,\" Duggal told TOI.Chief minister Gehlot was in Gharsana to take a feedback on the state government's flagship welfare schemes. The entire Gehlot-ministry would be taking feedback from the people on the schemes for two more days. \"This was a government event not a Congress function. Still I was not invited to it though I am the elected representative of this constituency,\" Duggal said, accusing Gehlot of bias against non-Congress legislators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12526863", "title": "Ranchi ready with state-of-the-art airport", "text": "RANCHI: While the Bihar government is yet to give land to Airports Authority of India (AAI) to rebuild the Jayaprakash Narayan International Airport in Patna, a state-ofthe-art airport is almost ready in Jharkhand's state capital. A world-class integrated passenger terminal building at the Birsa Munda Airport here is all set to be thrown open to public in June.General manager (project) VVG Raju said, \"The building is almost 95% complete. March 2012 was the target period for commissioning the project but it will be finally commissioned this June.\" The terminal building, which is spread over 19,676 square metres of land, is furnished with the finest equipment imported from China, Germany and Singapore, and has the capacity to handle 500 domestic and 200 international passengers at a time.Airport director Raju Raghavendra Kumar is hopeful that the new terminal building will give a new lease of life to the airport. \"The new terminal building will invite new airlines because there will be no space crunch now. More domestic and even international connections may be added to the existing ones,\" the director said.The existing terminal building is not fully air-conditioned. Only the security hold area has air-conditioning, while common lounges and adjoining areas are non-AC. \"A 1200-tonne air-conditioning system worth Rs 9 crore has been imported from China while three other ACs, 300 tonnes each will be working round the clock and another 300-tonne system will remain in standby mode,\" said a building expert.The terminal building has two passenger boarding bridges, five escalators and six lifts. A larger baggage conveyer system, brought from Singapore, is being installed. The building will also be without any power shortage. \"To ensure a 100% standby power supply, we have installed a 750 KVA generator. It is capable of supporting the entire building along with the air-conditioning system,\" said the project's GM.A total of 216 cars can be parked easily at the parking space near the terminal. It will also accommodate four buses. The roof of the building is covered with seamless insulated structure. For the purpose of security, 50 CCTV cameras have been put in place.\"The cameras will be keeping a watch in and around the terminal building. As we will install enough monitoring points, a quick response will be given when required,\" said a security officer. For fire safety, intelligent fire alarm and detection with aspiration (special smoke detector) along with fire fighting and hydrant system is also set in the building. Ranchi airport is spread over 1,568 acres and has a runway length of 8,900 feet.\"But Ranchi airport is small in terms of service. Even as air traffic has grown here substantially, a similar growth in terms of air connections has not been witnessed,\" Suryakant Prasad, said a travel agent. Only 10-odd flights of Air India, Jet Airways and GoAir operate on the Delhi-Ranchi-Delhi, Kolkata-Ranchi-Kolkata and Mumbai-Ranchi-Mumbai routes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12529446", "title": "More than Words", "text": "Is your child good in listening, speaking, but has a specific problem when it comes to writing? S/he may be suffering from dysgraphia.Dysgraphia is a learning disability that affects writing, which requires a complex set of motor and information processing skills. A child with dysgraphia may have problems with spelling, poor handwriting, and putting thoughts on paper. S/he may also have trouble organising alphabets and numbers on a line or page.\"Writing comes naturally to most of us but there are a lot of children who lag behind specifically in the area of writing but not necessarily in other areas. These children may have dysgraphia or may just have a problem in writing without any apparent associated problem. They may be good in reading, math, or in co-curricular areas like arts, sports, etc, but struggle in expressing an idea in writing or even while copying something from the board in class. It is not because the child is lazy or moody but because his/her sensory or neurological systems or the co-ordination between the two sides of the brain is not at the optimum level. If a child in the age group of 3-4 years is not able to copy basic shapes, it may indicate that a particular area of the brain is not working at the optimum. The child may also have specific developmental delays in specific aspects of handwriting. Parents must not ignore this,\" advises Dr Manish Samnani, consultant occupational therapist, Children First.Every school has a different norm when it comes to introducing children to handwriting. Some schools don't begin the exercise of writing till class I or II, while some introduce instructions to children to write at the age of four, through cursive handwriting. So, how does one recognise and help children with dysgraphia?Teachers have now started recognising this as a skill and know that children may be lagging behind because of the lack of the skill. There are two aspects to how teachers can help children with dysgraphia.\"Teachers have to identify children who would require intervention and help them early so that the child can be on a par with others. They can be tested in other ways, for example, a child can respond verbally. By asking the child to repeat a class can be psychologically damaging for him/her, as the child may be otherwise bright and may have an IQ that is above average,\" says Samnani.He recommends children with handwriting difficulties, with or without dysgraphia, to undergo a thorough assessment by an occupational therapist who will suggest individualised programmes like working on individualised worksheets where the child has to work on dot patterns to develop visual perceptions, trace patterns, write alphabets on various multisensory mediums such as sand, a tray of powder, sandpaper, etc, as intervention methods.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12526223", "title": "High security registration plates project gets fresh lease of life, tenders out today", "text": "PANAJI: The state government will issue fresh tenders for the controversial high security registration plates (HSRP) in Goa on Wednesday.Since the amount is above 5 lakh, the HSRP project will be e-tendered and the tender form will therefore be uploaded onto the website of the transport department.Director of transport Arun Desai confirmed the development and said that the last date for submission of tenders is May 9 and that the Supreme Court deadline for the implementation of HSRP is June 30.The government will sign a five-year contract with the successful bidder to implement HSRP in Goa.The Goa government had first invited bids for HSRP in Goa in 2005 and signed the contract with Shimnit Utsch in 2008. But following a protracted public uproar over the high rates, the government scrutinized the contract and found irregularities. The government issued a show cause notice to the company in November 2010 and formally terminated the contract with Shimnit Utsch in January 2011.The high court of Bombay at Goa also dismissed a petition by the company challenging the termination in May 2011. Subsequently, the government decided to re-tender the HSRP project.Desai said that the only major difference between the earlier tender and the present one is that the government has now done away with the condition that the company must have experience of implementing HSRP in five countries.\"This condition was restricting competition. Now there are sufficient number of Indian companies who have the capability of manufacturing HSRP and have the approval of Automotive Research Association of India (ARAI) and the Central Institute of Road Transport (CIRT), the two agencies authorized to approve HSRP in India,\" he said.This time, the government has also asked the bidders to furnish a bid security of one crore so as to get only genuine players. Desai said that earlier, bidders had to furnish earnest money deposit (EMD) of only 5 lakh and though many companies submitted bids, they dropped out midway, jeopardizing the entire exercise.Since August 2009, when HSRP was first started in Goa, till July 2010 when it was stopped, a total of 6,791 vehicles were fitted with HSRP. But the rates, considered exorbitant by many, prompted widespread agitation across the state. The rate for fitting a HSRP on a four-wheeler was 1,200 and for a two-wheeler, it was 650. Subsequently, the Delhi government signed an agreement with a company for fitting HSRP there at the rate of 280 (four-wheeler) and 180 (two-wheeler).The agreement was, however, scrapped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12526244", "title": "NGRI to hunt for young talent in universities", "text": "HYDERABAD: The National Geophysical Research Institute (NGRI), Hyderabad, has decided to take the corporate route for recruiting young talent for the research institute. In the past, the institute used to select candidates from those who approach it for various research projects, henceforth, however, the NGRI scientists themselves would be going to various university campuses to select the right talent.Scientists from the institute would be approaching universities all over the country, delivering lectures, interacting with students and getting them interested in scientific research. \"Of course, the question of money always weighs on the student's mind while taking a decision but we are going to address even that issue,\" Mrinal K Sen, director, NGRI, said. Sen accepted the fact that corporates could indeed be making lucrative job offers but scientists who interact with students can explain to them about not only the advantages of taking up research but also how they could be more or less compensated for preferring research over a corporate job. \"Those taking up research do get a stipulated amount straightaway but we are also exploring ways of providing additional benefits for the researchers,\" Sen said.NGRI, which is trying to attract talent from all over the country, has already begun the exercise of sending two of its scientists to eight universities. \"For the first time students will be able to directly interact with scientists on their own university campus to make up their mind on getting into research,\" Sen said. The two scientists would talk to students, conduct interviews and explain the offers that are available with the institute. Students will also have the option of taking up regular jobs in the institute depending on the positions available, after they get their PhDs from here, or they can even think of going in for post-doctoral research.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12527227", "title": "Centre only making promises, not fulfilling them: Sanand", "text": "VARANASI: People associated with the Ganga Seva Abhiyanam are suspicious about the promise of Central government regarding holding the meeting of National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA) on April 17 as chief ministers' meeting on the issue of National Counter Terror Centre (NCTC) is scheduled on April 16. So far, they have yet not received any formal invitation or information from the ministry of environment and forest.Meanwhile, Swami Gyan Swarup Sanand (noted environmentalist G D Agrawal), who sat on a fast-unto-death for Ganga, returned to Varanasi from New Delhi on Tuesday. He took the command of Ganga 'tapasya' again at the Kedar Ghat. There was no positive signal from the Central government side that it is serious about the proposed meeting on April 17, he said.It may be mentioned here that Swami Sanand had ended his 15-day fast at All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), New Delhi, after he received a written agreement from the Central government on March 23. Though he ended his fast, he continued his 'tapasya' (austerity) taking only liquid food. He called off his fast in the presence of Union coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal.Swami said that despite the assurance from the government, the construction work on hydel projects on the main streams of Gang have not stopped. According to him, the future course of action would be decided after the consultation with Shankaracharya of Jyotish Peeth and Dwarka Sharda Peeth Swami Swaroopanand Saraswati and convener of Ganga Seva Abiyanam Swami Avimukteshwaranad Saraswati.According to the agreement between the Central government and Ganga Seva Abhiyanam, the government, recognising the importance of Ganga in the cultural and spiritual life of the people of India, will explore all measures for Ganga conservation and ensure its unimpeded flow, purity and sanctity.The prime minister had taken note of Ganga 'tapasya' and asked Union coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal to call on Swami Sanand in Varanasi on March 13. In order to reach consensus, Swami Avimukteshwaranand Saraswati of Ganga Seva Abhiyanam authorised Rajendra Singh and Acharya Pramod Krishnam, convener, Ganga Mukti Sangram, to have a dialogue with Jaiswal and V Narayansamy, Union minister of state for personnel, public grievances and pensions and PMO, the authorised representatives of Central government.Jaiswal and Narayansamy visited Swami Sanand in AIIMS, New Delhi, on March 20 and 21 and had deliberations with him and Swami Avimukteshwaranand Saraswati.A consensus emerged on some points including that the next meeting of NGRBA would take place in New Delhi on April 17, a delegation of Ganga Seva Abhiyanam having seven persons including Swami Sanand and Swami Avimukteshwaranad would be invited as special invitees in the meeting, and that the agenda as proposed by Ganga Seva Abhiyanam would be in the agenda of NGRBA meeting and would be placed for discussion on priority.It may be mentioned here that the main demands of Ganga Seva Abhiyanam include immediate and total abandoning of all construction works on all hydel projects on the main streams of Ganga, no new project that may disrupt the flow regimes in future, immediate and total brake on misuse of funds obtained in the name of conservation of Ganga till their contribution to conservation of Ganga is critically reviewed, orders to shift all industries likely to discharge any toxic/hazardous chemical waste at least 50 km away from Ganga to ensure that no such pollutant reaches Ganga directly or indirectly, and enactment of a comprehensive bill by Parliament to ensure appropriate respect, status and management of Ganga.Swami Sanand had begun his austerity for Ganga on January 14. He quit taking food on February 9 and went on a hunger strike at Matri Sadan Ashram, Haridwar. Later, he arrived in Varanasi on March 9 and went on a fast-unto-death at Kedar Ghat quitting even water. The local administration admitted him to the Shiv Prasad Gupta Hospital on March 11. Later, he was shifted to the ICU of Sir Sunderlal Hospital of Banaras Hindu University (BHU) on March 18 and from BHU Hospital, he was sent to AIIMS, New Delhi, by an air ambulance on March 19.To continue the Ganga 'tapasya', Ganga Premi Bhikshu had sat on a fast-unto-death after Swami Sanand ended his fast. Bhikshu continued his fast on the 12 consecutive day at Shiv Prasad Gupta Hospital on Tuesday. Both Swami Sanand and Swami Avimukteshwaranad went to the hospital to meet Bhikshu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12525920", "title": "Rape compensation only on paper", "text": "JAIPUR: It has been a harrowing experience for 14-year-old Sarita (name changed), who, instead of going to school, is forced to do the rounds of district courts. She was kidnapped, raped and held captive for two months till the police found her. Battling humiliation and stigma, Sarita is one among many minor girls in the state who are still waiting for the compensation announced by the government.On January 5 this year, the home department issued a notification saying victims of rape were to be compensated with Rs 3 lakh. The financial support was to be granted from the Chief Minister's Relief Fund. Among the various budgetary sops announced by the chief minister, this too was widely advertised in newspapers. However, till now, the scheme exists only on paper with no information or directives to the concerned departments.\"When we read about this scheme in the papers, we thought there was hope for girls like Sarita. But we have been running from pillar to post to help her who hails from a financially weak background. She had to migrate to another town as her parents could no longer keep her here. Several visits to the departments concerned proved futile. The women and child development department says it has vaguely heard about the compensation but there is no budget. The Rajasthan State Legal Services Authority says it has no directions or clarity on the execution process,\" said Sarita's advocate Babita Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12527321", "title": "Woman robbed of gold chain, injured", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 31-year-old woman was attacked by three youths near Sector 31 on Monday night, who she said took away her gold chain and outraged her modesty. This happened around 8.30pm when the woman was waiting at a bus stand on her way home in Sector 29.In her complaint to the police, she said, \"Three youths threatened me and asked for my gold chain. I refused but they punched me in the stomach. They forced away my chain and fled when I raised the alarm.\"Sub-inspector Randhir Singh said the victim was admitted to GMSH-32 and medical examination confirmed blunt injuries. \"She was discharged after treatment and a case has been registered at Sector-31 police station,\" the sub-inspector remarked.Also, Sanjay Chadha of Sector 45 reported to police that two motorcyclists snatched his cellphone near his residence on Monday night. Chadha said he was on his way back from the market at the time, but did not notice the two-wheeler registration number. A case was registered at Sector-34 police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12526008", "title": "Class VII student commits suicide in Ratlam", "text": "INDORE: A Class VII student committed suicide by hanging himself from a ceiling fan when he was alone at home in Ratlam on Monday evening.Rahul, son of Kamlesh Yadav and a resident of Indira Nagar in Ratlam, hanged himself with the help of a dupatta. His father is a bank employee and was on duty while his mother and sisters had gone to the market leaving Rahul alone at home. The family members found the main door bolted from inside after returning. On getting no response, they broke open the door to find Rahul hanging. They rushed the boy to a hospital. Though the boy was alive till then, he was declared brought dead.The parents of the deceased said he seemed upset due to some reason. The autopsy report is awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12526269", "title": "'Powers to Panchayats'", "text": "PANAJI: With panchayat elections fast approaching, the Council for Social Justice and Peace, the social arm of the Church in Goa has called for devolution of powers, functions and finances to panchayats.Addressing representatives from various panchayats across the state at a seminar on 'Effective Citizenship in Local Self Governance' at Institute Piedade, Panaji on Monday, Fr Maverick Fernandes, Executive Secretary of CSJP said \"panchayats were not consulted before preparation of the Goa budget.\"\"Allocation of budget funds should be based on village plans,\" he added.Soter D'souza, executive coordinator of the Department of Governance CSJP, urged people not to get carried away by the government's sops and doles.\"We get carried away by thinking good governance is decreasing price of petrol or increasing casino fees,\" he said. D'souza criticized the abolition of house tax claiming this would leave panchayats dependent on the government for funds and thus impede any development works they may have carried out.\"No expenditure can be made without the sanction of the BDO,\" he noted.Fernandes said the CSJP was inspired to arrange such a program after receiving innumerable requests from citizens across Goa to conduct some orientation programs for those aspiring to contest the village panchayat elections.While welcoming the enthusiasm of some citizens aspiring to contest panchayat elections, Fernandes sounded a note of caution that their intentions may not be realized if they are unaware of the current state of panchayati raj in Goa.He emphasized on the need to build leadership in the villages particularly among the younger generation so that those elected to panchayat office may be kept under check and scrutiny by the Gram Sabha of the respective villages.Highlighting the current deficiencies in the electoral process for local bodies and the scope for manipulations, D'souza said the delimitation of electoral wards which is an integral part of the election process continues to be entrusted to the director of panchayats, instead of the State Election Commission despite representations from several village groups and CSJP. \"The elections are already rigged to favour particular aspiring candidates by altering the electoral wards,\" cautioned D'Souza.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12531103", "title": "2G scam: Unitech to exit telecom biz, focus on real estate", "text": "NEW DELHI: Unitech will exit the telecom business and focus on its core business of real estate, Ajay Chandra, managing director of Unitech, said.Admitting that the decision to enter the business was a mistake, Chandra, said, \"Telecom is not our core competency. Our competence is real estate and we will stick to real estate.\" He added that the company will not bid for new telecom licences when they are given out later this year.In the last two years, since the 2G scam broke out, the company's core business had taken a beating and dropping sales of homes and offices around the country haven't helped matters. Things are now starting to look up for the company, which is focusing on executing its projects and reducing debt.New beginningIn the last two years, since the 2G scam broke out, the company's core realty biz had taken a beating.Unitech had invested $150 m in Uninor and will have to book losses if this investment is wiped off.Company has managed to reduce its debt considerably, from a peak of Rs 10,900 cr in December 2008 to Rs 5,400 cr currently.\"The negative news does not impact home sales for us but it cannot be quantified. Our sales are up, but they could have been up by a bigger percentage if this wasn't happening,\" said Chandra. He agrees, though, that the company has had to put in a lot more effort to sell because of the negativity.The fortunes of the company are still linked to the outcome of its telecom case as it had invested to the tune of $150 million in Uninor, the Telenor and Unitech JV, and will have to book losses if this equity investment is wiped off, he said.\"Most of the damage that had to take place, has taken place. Licences have been cancelled by the Supreme Court so it can't get any worse,\" he said.Now the focus of the company is solely on its real estate business and Chandra hopes the high interest rate regime changes soon, which would further improve real estate sales.\"The beginning of this year has been good and we have seen strong sales in all segments and categories. Outside of Mumbai, sales are happening and prices have increased,\" he said.The company has also managed to reduce its debt considerably, from a peak of Rs 10,900 crore in December 2008 to Rs 5,400 crore currently. In the last few months, it has also secured construction finance of about Rs 550 crore from two public sector banks.\"Funding for construction is available and the last six months have been comfortable,\" said Chandra.Unitech had decided to enter the telecom services sector in 2007 and had applied for licences for the whole country. In 2009, after it had secured the licences, Telenor bought stake in Unitech Wireless for Rs 6,100 crore and subsequently invested another Rs 8,000 crore in the business.The two companies got into a dispute after the cancellation of 122 mobile licences by the Supreme Court. After this verdict by the court, the Norwegian company sought compensation from the Indian firm for damages caused to its mobile venture.Unitech later moved the Company Law Board seeking approval to settle the ownership dispute through arbitration. Last week, the I-T department attached the shares of three companies through which Unitech Ltd holds about 33% stake in the JV with Telenor saying these companies had outstanding income tax dues of around Rs 701 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12525262", "title": "Hacking row: Murdoch Jr quits TV giant", "text": "LONDON: Hemmed in by inquiries related to the phone-hacking scandal , James Murdoch , who quit as the executive chairman of News International in February, on Tuesday resigned as chairman of the BSkyB satellite broadcaster.James Murdoch, 39, is expected to face criticism in a report later this month by the Culture, Media and Sport Select Committee, before which he deposed twice last year, once along with his father, Rupert Murdoch , to explain the phone-hacking imbroglio.Murdoch's media empire in Britain has since faced sustained criticism and inquiries. In November, over 40% of BSkyB's independent shareholders voted against or abstained from voting for James Murdoch's re-election to the board. Murdoch's resignation as chairman at a board meeting was confirmed by BSkyB this afternoon. He will continue on the broadcaster's board as a non-executive director.He is being replaced as chairman by Nicholas Ferguson, currently deputy chairman of BSkyB.In a letter to the BSkyB's board setting out the reasons for his resignation, Murdoch said, \"As attention continues to be paid to past events at News International, I am determined that the interests of BSkyB should not be undermined by matters outside the scope of this company.\"He added, \"I am aware that my role as Chairman could become a lightning rod for BSkyB and I believe that my resignation will help to ensure that there is no false conflation with events at a separate organization.\"Parent company News Corp, which owns almost 40% of BSkyB, wanted to buy the whole company, but withdrew its bid as pressure mounted due to allegations of unethical news-gathering practices at News International's News of the World , was shut down last July.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12527128", "title": "UT adamant on house tax even after municipal corporation\u2019s refusal", "text": "CHANDIGARH: People may still have to pay house tax despite municipal corporation's general house rejecting the proposal as UT is in no mood to let go of it. There have been three precedents when UT had its way in prevailing upon the populist sentiment of the corporation, making it approve contentious proposals in the past.These include the plan to set up a multi-level parking in Sector 17, garbage processing plant in Dadumajra and introduction of paid parking in the city despite strong protests by councillors. Mooted in 2000, paid parking was the toughest to implement in the city with widespread opposition from traders and general public.UT's firm stand on the issue was made clear in the coordination meeting of UT officials and the mayor held on Tuesday, wherein the need for introduction of house tax to keep grants flowing from the centre under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) for developmental works in the city was discussed.A UT official said the centre has categorically asked all states and union territories to take every step to bring about reforms, else financial aids could be stopped.The issue has been pending since 2009 and the proposal is based on the argument that MC has already committed to JNURM to generate extra revenue. It has been pointed out by the administration that Chandigarh is one of the few cities that do not collect house tax, and the municipal corporation has constantly failed to generate more income sources.There are three major sources of income for MC. Annually, around Rs 50 to 55 crore are collected through water bills, Rs 10 to 12 crore through tax on commercial properties and around Rs 4 crore through auction of parking areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12526012", "title": "State sets sights on supply chain to check price rise", "text": "KOLKATA: In a bid to check the sudden rise in the prices of potatoes and other vegetables, the officials of the Mamata Banerjee-government, on Tuesday, asked the police and agricultural marketing authorities to keep a track on the supply chain and markets so that there is no hoarding. It may be noted that prices of vegetables shot up like anything last year too.State agricultural marketing minister Arup Roy held a meeting with the task force, formed last year when prices of vegetables, including potatoes, were soaring.Roy claimed that the farmers have, so far, got good price for potatoes this year. \"They had sold potatoes at Rs 8 in the field, so it is not unusual for the price in markets to reach Rs 12-15,\" he said. But sellers in the markets warned that the prices might zoom past Rs 20 or more in a couple of weeks.But Roy rubbished the speculation. He said officials were keeping a check on the market so that the middlemen can't influence prices this doesn't rise further and middlemen don't influence prices. \"District magistrates and agricultural marketing officials have been asked to keep a tab. We will not allow middlemen to enter the supply chain,\" Roy said.Potato production has been less this year compared to 2011, though it is still much more than the state's total consumption. This year, there are reports of 80 to 85 lakh metric tonnes of potato production in the state, whereas the consumption was 60 lakh metric tonne last year. There is over production of potatoes every year, the reason why farmers lose out on being unable to sell their entire produce.But whether the state government is able to keep a check on the prices on check after farmers get the right price for their produce, it will be evident in a couple of weeks' time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12530284", "title": "Enterprise software market to touch $3.22bn in 2012: Gartner", "text": "NEW DELHI: The market for softwares used by enterprises in the country is projected to grow 13 per cent this year and revenues for the segment will reach $3.22 billion despite challenging economic conditions, research firm Gartner said today.\"Despite challenging economic conditions, the enterprise software market in India is projected to grow 13 per cent in 2012, as revenue reaches $ 3.22 billion in 2012,\" it said.\"With Indian enterprises continuing to embrace IT to improve productivity and drive growth, penetration of ICT infrastructure has been growing rapidly during the past decade,\" Gartner principal research analyst Asheesh Raina said.Enterprise software, also known as enterprise application software ( EAS), is software used in organisations, such as in a business or government, contrary to software chosen by individuals like retail software.India will become the fourth largest enterprise software market in Asia Pacific this year and the country is forecast to account for 11 per cent of the region's total revenue of $ 29.33 billion, the report said.\"A combination of high domestic demand, presence of global vendors and entry of new small vendors with innovative products have made the overall ecosystem apt for robust growth,\" Raina added.By 2016, India's share of the software market in Asia Pacific is expected to reach 12.1 per cent, representing $ 5.4 billion in revenue, the report added.However, in comparison with China (with 27 per cent share of regional spending in 2011), the software market in India is still relatively small and evolving.\"End users in Asia Pacific are expecting to increase their spending on application and infrastructure software, with China and India being the most optimistic followed by Malaysia and South Korea,\" Raina said.Priority areas of software spending include operating systems, Database Management System ( DBMS) and application development, it added.\"In the next five, the fastest-growing segments will be web conferencing and team collaboration, enterprise content management, customer relationship management (CRM) and enterprise resource planning ( ERP)\", Gartner said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12526148", "title": "Liquor don\u2019s diary may open a can of worms", "text": "HYDERABAD: The diary allegedly seized from the possession of arrested liquor don, Balraj Goud, contained names of some key ministers having close links with the liquor mafia.While Nunna Venkata Ramana was the prize catch for the ACB, Balraj Goud was the most-wanted liquor mafia leader.He is reported to be worth Rs 1,000 crore. Goud reportedly gave out bribes of Rs 1.89 crore every month. He owns 60 shops in Hyderabad, Rangareddy, Medak and Mahbubnagar and has a share in 100 others.He is allegedly having close relations with a minister from Hyderabad, and several MLAs and officials from excise and police departments. During the raids on liquor syndicate offices, the ACB sleuths found the diary purported to be that of Balraj Goud in which he kept a detailed account of the bribes paid to the leaders, excise and police officials.Goud, who had contested on Prajarajyam Party ticket from Mahbubnagar parliamentary seat in 2009 against TRS president K Chandrasekhar Rao, has several criminal cases pending against him.There are 150-200 liquor barons in AP who control the business. Goud was the kingpin in the liquor scam in Mahbubnagar.Nearly 23 FIRs have been registered and several excise officials suspended till now in connection with the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12526396", "title": "Disclose above-ceiling land: Partha Chatterjee", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government has done its bit. It has relaxed the land ceiling clause to accommodate new-age industries. Now it is up to the industry to reciprocate.According to industries department sources, investors already have in their possession around 14,000 acres of freehold land in Hooghly, Howrah, North 24-Parganas, South 24-Parganas, Murshidabad and Malda. The state wants them to disclose their above-ceiling holdings and come up with specific proposals to avail the relaxation.\"Some unauthorised industry sheds have come up on agricultural land. Investors have done it without applying for the change in land use. This is irregularity. They should come clear along with specific proposals to the government. The committee under the chief minister will examine the proposal. The proposal, once approved, will get the land ceiling relaxation as also the required land conversion at one go,\" commerce and industries minister Partha Chatterjee said.The task is less easy than said. This will require an improved coordination between the industries department and the land reforms department without which the government can't keep tabs on the land chosen for an industry, the nature of land (mono-crop or multi-crop), or whether the said industry suits the much-touted land use map.The Singur land acquisition against which Mamata had launched her agitation is an eye opener. The Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee government went by old reports of the land department on the nature of land, while many plots that were monocrop during the Seventies later became multi-crop. So when the government went to acquire the land, it faced resistance. Even as the present government isn't going for land acquisition for industry, an updated status report from the land department can only guide the government to ascertain whether the industry proposal would affect farming. \"We are aware of the matter. The land department is under the CM. This issues will be looked into while issuing sanction,\" Chatterjee said.Investors who still maintain that the three-year time given for setting up industry is too short a period, have a reprieve. For instance, a company or an individual getting the government's approval for setting up an industrial estate is getting three years from the government. Now when the landowner leases out part of it to the industry, the firm would be getting another three years for setting up the unit. According to industry officials, industries would thus get a six-year time for starting operations.The industries minister, however, remained non-committal on this point. \"I can't say anything on this now. We will specify the deadline while signing agreements with the firms. I can only say that industries have nothing to fear. They will get due time. At the same time the government won't allow them to sit on the project indefinitely after the project plan is approved. There are many such instances during the Left Front regime. But we are not going to tolerate such things. I have already processed 62 such agreements, specifying the deadline. We will do so in all the cases,\" Chatterjee said.However, the experience of industrial land recovery once leased out is not very encouraging in West Bengal. Many industrial estates have finally given way to sprawling real estates even after the government slapped recovery notice to industries that had stopped operations long ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12524787", "title": "Man booked for supplying weapons in Gulhar murder case", "text": "NAGPUR: Crime branch zeroed in on an illegal weapons dealer at Rani Durgawati chowk on Tuesday after his name cropped up in the custodial interrogation of those arrested for the Manjit Singh Gulhar murder case. Crime branch has arrested 12 people in the case so far.The weapons dealer, Surendra Singh Tank, was rounded up and taken to Pachpaoli police station where an offence under Arms Act has been registered against him. Tank, said police, had supplied the sharp weapons used in the murder of Gulhar.Though Tank was arrested in connection to Gulhar murder case, police are set to pursue other cases too against him for illegally possessing and dealing in arms. It has come to fore that Tank owned a small-scale unit at his residence, where he manufactured sharp weapons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12528900", "title": "MoD denies report about Army movement to Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI:The defence ministry has denied reports that two key Army units moved towards Delhi this January without prior notification.According to Times Now, the Indian Army has also rejected the conclusions drawn in the report and has said that such exercises are routine procedure.\"The points raised in the report have already been clarified by the Army... such exercises are conducted by the Army from time to time,\" defence ministry spokesperson Sitanshu Kar said in a statement, according to PTI.According to a report appearing in The Indian Express, late on the night of January 16, central intelligence agencies reported an unexpected and non-notified movement by a key military unit from the mechanised infantry based in Hisar(Haryana).This was the day Army chief Gen VK Singh had approached the Supreme Court on his date of birth issue.The newspaper report states lookouts were alerted as a routine step. This was as part of a protocol put in place in June 1984, when some mutineers from Sikh units had moved towards national capital in the wake of Operation Bluestar.The lookouts confirmed the movement of what looked like a sizeable unit.It was soon identified as an entire unit of mechanised Infantry with its Russian made armoured fighting vehicles(AFVs) carried on 48 tank transporters. There was concern as no such movement had been notified. Further, the Army Day celebrations had ended on January 15.The situation turned into further alarm when reports came in of yet another military movement 'towards' Delhi, the report claims.This unit was identified as a large element of the airborne 50 Para brigade based at Agra.The lookout was activated south of Delhi as well and the column was identified.By this time both the columns were being tracked and 'watched'.The report says the defence minister was informed and the Centre put in motion an old contingency plan to delay such a move. An alert was issued to police to check all vehicles on the highways leading to Delhi in a bid to slow down the traffic.The Prime Minister was informed about the developments in the early morning hours of January 17.The report further states that defence secretary Shashi Kant Sharma was asked to cut short his visit to Malaysia .The defence secretary opened his office late at night and sought an explanation from Lt Gen AK Chaudhary, Director General Military Operations.Lt Gen Chaudhary called it a routine exercise. The Army's explanation was that it was carrying out exercises to check its ability to make quick deployments of key units during fog.The DGMO was told to send back both the units immediately.The newspaper claims that Army's explanation of it being a simple fog-time exercise was viewed with scepticism at the highest level.Reacting to the story, the BJP has demanded an explanation from the government and the Prime Minister.Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi has tweeted that the Prime Minister should clear the air on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12524887", "title": "Rs 13L stolen from Cong leader's house", "text": "NAGPUR: Thieves decamped with Rs 13 lakh kept in a briefcase from city Congress leader Anant Gharad's Surendra Nagar residence. The theft came to light on Tuesday evening when Gharad found the briefcase missing from his almirah.Gharad, a close relative of chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, owns orange farms on the outskirts of the city. Gharad informed that one of his partners had handed him over Rs 10 lakh from his orange business on Saturday while the remaining Rs 3 lakh were from his transport business.Cops informed that Gharad had failed to deposit the money in the bank as he was very busy for the last three days. On Monday, he was busy with NKP Salve's funeral. Though the briefcase, full of cash, was kept in Gharad's almirah, its keys were lying in a nearby drawer, police said. This made it easy for the thieves to sneak out the bag.When the cops searched the adjoining areas, they found the bag lying in an open plot near Gharad's residence. The briefcase's lock was intact but the thieves had broken its sides to take away the cash.Gharad has three servants working at his residence. Though, Gharad has not named any of his servants in the complaint, cops suspect insider's hand in the robbery. Rana Pratap Nagar police is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12526693", "title": "Congress leaders draw daggers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With a face-off impending between leaders of Punjab Pradesh Congress Committee and routed candidates who lost in the assembly elections, senior leaders in the party, who too have rebellion on their minds, spend the day sharpening their claws on Tuesday. At least eight to 10 candidates are likely to speak out their mind, calling upon the seniors in the party to own responsibility for the defeat.With Gulchain Singh Charak, in charge of Punjab affairs in Congress, also summoning at least six party leaders to discuss the very public spat, which has further compromised the party image in Punjab, it was a day of strategizing for the party leaders. Rajinder Kaur Bhattal, who had questioned Amarinder Singh of irregularities in dealing of party funds, refused to be part of the meeting that Amarinder Singh has called on Wednesday. The PPCC president has summoned all the Congress candidates who lost the assembly polls.\"Why should I be part of the meeting that Amarinder Singh has called. I will be going to Delhi to be part of the meeting summoned by Gulcahin Singh Charak. I am neither the president of the party nor have I lost the elections,\" Bhattal told TOI. However, in an evident tactical withdrawal from her earlier statements, Bhattal claimed that she had never directly leveled allegations of party funds irregularities. \"I never questioned him. I was only answering media queries and was misquoted,\" she said, making clear her strategy for the critical meeting.Others who are likely to be part of the meeting in Delhi include the leader of opposition Sunil Jakhar, MP from Gurdaspur Partap Singh Bajwa and senior leader Jagmeet Brar. The younger leaders, who have already spoken out against Amarinder Singh, including former MLA from Bholath, Sukhpal Singh Khaira, have decided to attend the meeting called by the PPCC president instead of rushing to Delhi after being summoned by Charak. \"It is important that people speak out their minds. I have only said that general of the beleaguered army owns responsibility for the defeat and it's not that the soldiers are targeted,\" said Khaira.Sources in the party said that the unrest against Amarinder Singh, which has been brewing ever since the party's dismal defeat in the assembly elections, is likely to find a voice in the meeting summoned by him, with at least 8 to 10 people ready to speak out. However, there are serious objections to the meeting being called in the first place. \"It makes no sense for Amarinder Singh to call the meeting. If a senior leader from Delhi had headed it then it would have made some sense,\" said a sitting Congress MLA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12526689", "title": "Take a sip while you wait for the train", "text": "BANGALORE: Soon you can grab a cup of hot latte while stepping off the Metro station or meet up with a friend at the station over a cup of tea. The Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation (BMRC) has floated tenders from April 4 to invite world-class cafeteria counters in two of its most spacious stations-MG Road and Baiyappanahalli.The corporation plans to have two stalls each in these stations, with two different brands of outlets in each of them. Rentals for the spaces are mentioned in the tender document. The coffee shops will be at the two ends of the station, one at Kumble Circle side and other at Brigade Road end.At Baiyappanahalli station, one shop will be on Old Madras Road side on a space of 71.20 sq mts. The other one will be at NGEF Layout side on a space of 57.59 sq mts. The bidders will also have to pay a premium of Rs10 lakh for shops on MG Road and Rs 8 lakh and Rs 6 lakh for shops on Baiyappanahalli station, depending on which side of the station they choose.Minimum monthly guarantee which shall be paid to BMRC will be Rs1 lakh for MG Road and Rs 80,000 for Baiyappanahalli. This is just the beginning. The Metro corporation also plans to have stationary and novelty shops at the key stations and darhinis as well. All these to create a world-class travelling experience on the Namma Metro.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12525968", "title": "Govt nod for grant, loan may boost Indore\u2019s infrastructure, amenities", "text": "INDORE: Infrastructure and civic amenities may get a boost within a span of two years with state government's approval to give grant and also become guarantor for Rs 400-crore loan. The Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) will spent the money for developing sewerage, construction of roads, bridges, flyover, foot over bridges, sports stadium and purchase of equipments for solid waste management system.The IMC had prepared a city development plan (CDP) of Rs 500 crore. Project reports of the all the projects under CDP had been submitted to state government. On Monday, mayor Krishnamurari Moghe held a meeting with chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan and demanded for bank guarantee and grant to carryout the development works. All the programmes are expected to be completed within two years.Moghe said that the civic body presented a CDP of Rs 500 crore and state government agreed to become the guarantor for Rs 400 crore besides agreeing to give some grant. He said that the civic body would soon start the works on these projects and they would be completed within two years.Sources said that the state government agreed to become guarantor with a rider that works should be completed in the stipulated time. Government has also stressed maintaining the quality of works. The funds will be released only when projects will meet the deadline and meet the set quality standard.Earlier, the IMC was expecting Rs 500 crore from state government mainly in the form of grant, but now only Rs 100 crore may come as grant and the remaining Rs 400 crore will be a loan for which the state government agreed to be a guarantor. The CDP was prepared keeping in mind the forthcoming assembly election next year-end and this may be the reason why the government allows two years' time to complete the project. The civic body, which was expecting a special package for meeting the expenses, will now be under debt.The IMC, which has already shouldered a huge debt and struggling to meet its expanses, has no answer on how it is going to repay the loan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12525255", "title": "CBI awaits documents from Army on Tatra deal", "text": "NEW DELHI: The ministry of defence (MoD) is waiting for the Army headquarters to submit all files related to Tatra truck purchases to be passed on to the Central Bureau of Investigation . Of key interest would be all the files and proposals on Tatra or related trucks made by the Army HQ after 2010, when the government approved the last purchase for the all-terrain and all-weather vehicles.Sources said the MoD had sent for all Tatra files from the Army immediately after defence minister A K Antony ordered an investigation into the allegations by Army chief Gen V K Singh that he was offered a Rs 14-crore bribe by Lt Gen (retd) Tejinder Singh for clearing the purchase of ''sub-standard\" Tatra trucks. The MoD was yet to receive the files, sources said. The CBI inquiry ordered by Antony has asked for a comprehensive investigation without any timeframe.While the CBI would be looking at the Tatra truck purchase by the Army from Bharat Earth Movers Limited (BEML), and the defenece PSU's deal with Tatra makers, one of the key aspects of the probe would be the developments in the Army HQ after 2010.Sources said, while the MoD has asked the CBI to conduct a comprehensive investigation into Gen Singh's allegations, a significant focus would be on the proposals and communications on Tatra, or any other trucks of similar nature that may have been processed in the Army HQ after 2010. The last Tatra purchase was approved by the MoD in 2010, and in September, 2010, Gen Singh was allegedly offered bribe by Lt Gen Tejinder Singh on behalf of the truck maker.The CBI would also be closely looking into if the Army processed any proposals for purchase of trucks within the financial powers of the service headquarters, which is a maximum of Rs 50 crore after 2010. Or, if it considered any other trucks of similar make.Government sources said the MoD was yet to receive all files from the Army, especially its Master General of Ordnance that would have processed all proposals.The agency would be gathering more documents from BEML, which was officially supplying the trucks to the Army. The CBI would also be questioning senior BEML officials, including its CMD V R S Natarajan, in the coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12526367", "title": "A 'camera' test for drivers", "text": "KOZHIKODE: It has just been two days since the motor vehicle department started to videograph driving tests, but chinks in the plan has already started to appear.Officials at the Regional Transport Office (RTO) and sub-offices rue that shortage of cameras make it difficult to execute the transport commissioner's orders.Though the plan to record tests was meant to check official malpractices, the officials who supervise the tests say it will not yield the desired result if they are not provided with good cameras.Currently the RTOs don't have anything but a still camera with a 3 GB memory card, which was provided some time ago to photograph traffic violators. RTO officials say usually driving tests last for three hours every day and it is impossible to record for such a long period with the cameras they have. \"At a stretch it can record only for 20 minutes and then the data has to be transferred,\" an official said.The transport commissioner's order also does not mention where the cameras have to be placed and who should record it. The driving ground at Kozhikode has three tracks for tests and it is not possible to shoot tests happening in all the three tracks at the same time with still cameras. On an average 150-200 candidates appear for driving tests every day in Kozhikode. Officials feel that the system should have implemented after conducting trail tests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12526010", "title": "'World Bank-funded road projects under lens'", "text": "NEW DELHI: The highways ministry has ordered a probe into alleged corrupt practices used by two private highway developers in three World Bank-funded projects - Lucknow-Muzaffarpur, Grand Trunk Road and the Third National Highway Project.Highways minister C P Joshi claimed that those found guilty would be held responsible and appropriate action will be taken against them. He said, \"We have asked NHAI to investigate and submit the report. We will make the findings public as soon as we get it. There are allegations, which need to be ascertained. The alleged corruption happened between 2005 and 2008 when I was not the minister.\"Joshi admitted that his ministry had received a communication from the department of economic affairs (DEA) on this issue on March 19.The DEA had forwarded a copy of the report prepared by the World Bank's Institutional Integrity Unit. It had asked the highways ministry to investigate the case and communicate the findings at the earliest.Officials in the highways ministry said that the report alleged that bribes, in form of gold and silver coins, were paid by private contractors to officials and NHAI consultants. They added that the report also mentioned that the developers \"gifted\" packets of sweets, arranged vehicles for government officials and even paid small bribes to low ranking employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12525416", "title": "Charges concocted, says relative", "text": "NEW DELHI: When police began their vigil to nab Sanjay and Sumita Verma at the airport last Saturday, the Dwarka couple accused of torturing their minor help were already back in the country, a relative told TOI on Tuesday. Police have speculated about the couple's whereabouts since Saturday, and even issued a lookout notice.The relative, who identified himself only by his surname, Dr Verma, said the doctor couple returned on March 30, a day after the teenage girl was rescued from their house in Dwarka's Hahnemann Enclave.Talking to TOI at the Dwarka district courts, where the couple's anticipatory bail application was rejected on Tuesday, he said they had decided to lie low to avoid embarrassment from the girl's \"concocted\" charges. \"How do you expect anyone in their position to react?\" While sources said the couple would move a higher court for bail, Dr Verma said they had not decided their next step.Denying the girl's main allegations that she was tortured, and locked up inside the house for the duration of the couple's foreign trip, Dr Verma said the marks on her skin were from old injuries, and she was offered a choice to stay with his parents in Vikaspuri but turned it down. \"It's a tantrum. She said she would be comfortable in the Dwarka flat. The story is completely concocted.\"Dr Verma claimed the girl was given a duplicate key to the door lock, and Rs 500 to buy groceries with. The couple \"kept in touch with her. In fact, we had asked a neighbour to regularly check on her. He used to give her the money whenever she needed it\".Verma's remarks are at odds with the girl's statement to the SDM in which she claimed the couple warned her not to use anything but wheat flour and salt from the kitchen. Her medico-legal report placed before the Dwarka court also states: \"She was rescued after a gap of four days of confinement from the flat with an empty stomach, without food\".Verma denied two other key points of the case - that the victim is a minor and she was employed as a domestic help. \"The placement agency told them the girl was born in October, 1993. They are doctors and can guess a person's age. The girl is 18.\" He added that the girl did not do household chores but only looked after the couple's 11-year-old daughter. \"She was hired to baby-sit. There was another part-time maid for household chores.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12525488", "title": "Another false start for axed photo show", "text": "NEW DELHI: It is curtains for Sunil Gupta's photo exhibition at Alliance Francais once again. There's been much flip-flopping about the show which was originally meant to be up from March 23. It was closed a day after opening, following complaints against nudes in a few exhibits. However, the French cultural institute had informed The Times of India on Monday that they were going to open it from April 4, this time, with extra security. But apparently, that plan had to be dropped. Police, on the other hand, maintained that they have no objections to the exhibition.Gupta had gone to the gallery to hang his works - three series including \"Sun City\" which had the controversial photos shot in a bathhouse - but learnt that there were threats and \"ever increasing noises about charges.\"Alliance is not opening the show on Wednesday after all and it is a decision Gupta supports. \"I have had no direct interaction with the police but I was also getting charged and I'm not in a position to face those. Last week, it seemed like the venue was saying no but it seems there is some existing external threat to both parties,\" says Gupta, \"There was pressure and I agreed to comply.\" After the show was closed on Saturday, members of the the Safdar Hashmi Memorial Trust (SAHMAT) had expressed displeasure and photographer Ram Rahman has spoken to Alliance as well. \"But now AF is freaked out and there's no question of the show happening. The whole thing is totally bizarre,\" says Rahman. Alliance continues to remain silent on the matter.Curiously, police insist they have nothing against the photos. \"The police have no objections to the exhibition. If we receive any complaints regarding the same, we will take proper action. Earlier they have organized events without informing us. They have been advised to give us information in advance so that appropriate security arrangements may be made,\" says K C Dwivedi, addl. CP, New Delhi districtGupta is obviously less certain about the police's stand on the matter and has sought legal advice though he says that he has neither the stamina nor the resources for a court case. \"I could have not shown the offending photos, but that wouldn't have felt right.\" There was no frontal nudity and there were advisories - signs and warnings - the first time the pictures went up and this time as well. \"This could probably stand up in court but the process of getting charged and getting to the court - I'm not up for that,\" says Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12526145", "title": "UP health scam: CBI files chargesheet", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI filed its first chargesheet in the multi-crore National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam in Uttar Pradesh on Tuesday, indicting seven people, three of whom were arrested a day earlier.However, former family welfare minister Babu Singh Kushwaha's name did not figure in the 28-page chargesheet. The agency said it will file a supplementary chargesheet against him.The chargesheet, filed in the court of special CBI judge A K Singh in Ghaziabad, pertained to the first case registered in the scam, where officials of Construction and Design Services (C&DS;) had allegedly violated norms while giving the contract for upgrading 134 district hospitals in the state to two private firms, Surgicoin Mediquip Pvt Ltd and Modern Interiors. This allegedly led to a loss of Rs 7.94 crore to the exchequer.P K Jain, former general manager of UP Jal Nigam, figures in the chargesheet as the main accused who was instrumental in giving the contract to Surgicoin. Other officials chargesheeted are B N Srivastav (the then project manager, C&DS;), Kartar Singh (then resident engineer, C&DS;), B N Ram Yadav (then resident engineer, Unit-50 of C&DS;) and J K Singh (then unit accountant). Naresh Grover, MD of Surgicoin, and R K Singh, owner of Modern Interiors, have also been named as accused.CBI officials said B N Srivastav, B N Yadav and J K Singh were arrested on Monday while others had been taken into custody earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12526801", "title": "Who will flush out dirty public toilets?", "text": "BANGALORE: Outside the glitz and glamour of the IT city lies the dirty picture - the filthy public toilets. Most unhygienic, no tap or water, no latch on the door, stained toilet bowl, the remains of a sink, beer bottles and cigarette butts thrown around. Above all, unbearable stench. This is just a glimpse of the pathetic state of Nirmala Shouchalaya built by BBMP near Vellara junction on Richmond Road. Those daring to entering this hell-hole, you have to pay Rs 1-3, depending on the usage.In providing a service common man desperately seeks - public toilets - Bangalore fares very poorly indeed. As per the Bangalore Patrol survey done by Janaagraha and The Times of India a year ago, 70 wards out of 198 scored zero, implying an almost complete absence of toilets here. Even in the areas where there are toilets, most are poorly maintained.For instance, the stinking open toilet in front of Vanivilas hospital near KR Market. BWSSB does not supply water to such toilets nor BBMP bothers to clean them.Most public toilets do not have gender consideration.The idea of a public toilet is inimical to the civic planning authorities. Pockets of old Bangalore do have provision for public toilets but they are virtually unusable. Then came the concept of Sulabh Shouchalaya like in Malleswaram Circle. But it didn't thrive.There was an attempt a few years back to have well-equipped swanky public toilets in Bangalore under the brand name of Nirmala Shouchalaya with support from Infosys Foundation. This is a pay-per use model. Within a short time, the inevitable happened. Because of poor maintenance by contractors as they are interested in only making money and lack of civic consciousness among the public these loos became stinking dirty places. Also BBMP which has to maintain these structures has never done any inspection. As a result, such toilets have now become virtually unusable.This failed service is the best example of how the best-designed plans for the building and maintenance of public toilets seem to come undone.However, Rajajinagar and Jayanagar IV Block boast of well-maintained public toilets.Inhuman existenceFor Rathan (22), who has come to Bangalore seeking a job, his shelter is at the Richmond Road public toilet. He lives there, works there, even eats there and sleeps. His tiny settlement is in between the two walls of toilets for men and women. His target is to fetch about Rs 550 per day as he has to pay Rs 400 to the contractor who has hired him. Sometimes he meets his target, other times hardly makes Rs 300,\"Where else do I survive in Bangalore? My earnings are less because not everyone wants to use this filthy toilet. But as it is located in the heart of the city, I am able to make both ends meet,'' Rathan told TOI.\"Public toilets are the most important part of social infrastructure. I have seen the model toilets set up in public parks in Thiruvananthapuram. In Bangalore there is a need to begin such pilot projects. Availability of space is a huge issue in Bangalore. So they can be set up in parks and necessary rules can be framed for it. It is the question of dignity for women. A simple, user-friendly, hygienic module can be made to begin with. I suggest to BBMP to come up with such proposals in the upcoming budget. Public are ready to pay when the facility is good.\"Swathi Ramanathan | Co-founder of JanaagrahaThe maintenance of public toilets is the work of contractors. They are supposed to maintain them. Because it is filth, it also comes under BBMP's solid waste management wing. I will get a report from my subordinates on the public toilets.\"K E Manjula | Chief health officer, BBMP", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12526908", "title": "Taps turn wellspring of diseases", "text": "BANGALORE: The death of two-year-old Chandan in JJ Nagar last week due to suspected water contamination, has sent warning signals across the city.Valmiki K, an 80-year-old from Vishwanath Nagenahalli near Hebbal, woke up on March 22 to a stench. It took him a while to figure out that tap water was the source of the malodour.He called BWSSB officials who later collected water samples from his house and disconnected supply. But that was the last he heard from the board. \"It's been more than 10 days since we received water and no action has been taken,\" Valmiki told TOI.Admitting that BWSSB gets complaints of water contamination daily, chief engineer T Venkataraju said: \"The minute we get such complaints, we stop supply to that area. We take samples and test them further.\"\"If water has residual chlorine of 0.2 particles per million, it'll be fit for drinking. We check the possible causes for contamination. In most cases, it's caused when drinking and sewage water get mixed. Sometimes, when BBMP constructs tertiary drains, sewage connections will be hit and it could aggravate contamination,\" he explained.Venkataraju, however, denied Chandan's death was due to water contamination. \"We inspected the surroundings of the boy's house. That house had no water connection. The death was not due to contamination,\" he asserted. But the boy's parents and neighbours are certain that Chandan's health got worse after he drank BWSSB's tap water.Diseases upDoctors, meanwhile, confirmed that water-borne diseases are on the rise in the city because of contaminated water. General physicians and internal medicine experts said they are getting 10 to 12 cases every day, mostly of children suffering from water-borne diseases.Doctors said bacteria, virus and parasites travel in contaminated water. \"They spread diseases like diarrhoea, cholera, typhoid, viral hepatitis and polio. Virus can also infest the intestine with worms, which are troublesome for young children and can cause dysentery. We get 4 to 5 cases on consumption of contaminated water daily,\" said Dr Gift Norman, head of the department, Community Medicine, Bangalore Baptist Hospital.\"Children, pregnant women and senior citizens are most vulnerable to contaminated water. Continuous consumption of such water can harm your kidney and abdomen. It can also be the root cause of many types of cancer,\" said Dr Sonali Ray, HoD, family medicine department, Narayana Hrudayalaya.\"One should drink only clean and boiled water. We must also pay attention to personal as well as public hygiene and keep our surroundings clean,\" she added.Flooded by complaintsBWSSB said most complaints on water contamination are from low-lying areas such as Pillanna Garden, JJ Nagar, Jogu Palya and Jeevan Bima Nagar.BWSSB officials confirmed that they are flooded with complaints of not only water shortage but also contamination. In February, they received 56 complaints and in January, it was 62. Since August 2010, the board received 1,015 water contamination cases from across the city.The contamination is highest in East Bangalore where sanitary and water pipelines have broken since it was laid over 70 years ago.Borewell water a problem tooBWSSB taps are not the only source of contaminated water. Borewell water has also been the source of increasing health disorders this summer.Dr Kartik Nag, consultant and head of department of paediatrics, Manipal Hospital, said: \"Every day, we see 10 to 12 children suffering from gastroenteritis or diarrhoea and vomiting. During this season, the groundwater table hits a low and there are chances of water being contaminated with chemicals and toxins. Children are most prone to water diseases.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12525308", "title": "Traders say will not vote for Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: The nationwide strike by jewellers against the excise duty on unbranded jewellery might have an impact on the coming municipal elections. With jewellers on strike for the past 18 days, city traders have decided to vote against the Congress if the Central government doesn't scrap the tax.The bullion merchants and jewellers also enjoy the support of other trader communities in the city. Upset with the poor response of the central government to their demand, the trader community plans to call for a complete bandh in the city. \"They can't impose such taxes on us. If they increase the customs duty and increase excise, then our businesses will suffer. If the government doesn't revoke the decision, then it will affect the MCD elections. Traders will not vote for Congress,'' said Praveen Khandelwal, secretary general, Confederation of All India Traders (CAIT).Though municipal elections are about local issues, traders say that price rise in the recent past is definitely going to play a crucial role in the polls. \"There is resentment against Congress and the recent budget has just made things worse. I'm a Congress supporter, but I must admit that the popular sentiment among traders is against the Congress, as both the Centre and state governments have failed to look after the interest of traders. If it continues, it will reflect in the coming municipal elections,'' said Sanjiv Mehra, president of Khan Market trader association and a resident of Nizamuddin. Though Khan Market is in NDMC area, Mehra says that almost all traders in the market live in MCD areas.With government indicating that it will consider their demands, traders are hoping for some relief in the coming days. \"The loss in the last few days runs into thousands of crores, but the Congress government is unmoved. The government should help traders so that there could be better tax collection. If they will make us suffer then the Congress should not count on our support,'' said Ramesh Khanna, president of Rajouri Garden main market traders association.Khandelwal said, \"If they can't handle the government efficiently, then we have little reason to believe that they will do a good job in the corporations. The mismanagement and lack of governance will reflect in civic agency too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12529721", "title": "Gulki Joshi to play lead role in Phir Subah Hogi", "text": "Injustice towards women is rampant all over the world and one such reality is prevalent in the 'Bedia' community of Bundelkhand region, Madhya Pradesh.They are a tribe known for their beautiful 'Raai Dance'. But over the years, the tradition of Raai dance has become exploitative in nature forcing women to undergo the ritual of 'Sar Dhakaai'; in the garb of which women are exploited and abused. Against such a heart-rending backdrop, Zee TV's brand new offering, Phir Subah Hogi traces the journey of 'Sugni', a bedni by birth who wants to break free from this social evil and lead a dignified life. Theatre artist, Gulki Joshi has been roped in to play the pivotal role of Sugni.This is Gulki's television debut but she is already in the news for her acting prowess and diligence. During a recent shoot she earned those well-deserved brownie points when she performed the phenomenal task of chauffeuring Varun Badola on a rustic cycle rickshaw that literally put her strength and stamina to test. Lugging a rickety cycle rickshaw on an undulated terrain under the scorching sun deserves a pat on the back. It's a different story that after this feat of bravery Gulki was left nursing the bruises on her feet for a few days but the commendable point is that she is unfazed after such a draining task and is ready for more such challenges.Gulki's eyes twinkled when asked about her journey so far, \"My mother says that ever since I have gained consciousness, I have wanted to become an actor. Apparently the acting bug bit me big time when I saw Shushmita Sen being crowned Miss Universe on television and since then there has been no looking back. I was too young to remember this but my family keeps reminding me of the incident. My friends were shocked when they came to know that I had bagged the lead role of a primetime show as I was never too keen to do daily soaps, which involved the rona-dhona rigmarole. But the Eureka moment in my life happened when I read the script; heard the character sketch and auditioned for the role. After that I was clear in my head that Sugni of Phir Subah Hogi will be my launch pad as this is exactly the kind of role I was waiting for.\"\"One interesting story of my life is that I don't have to go to the gym these days as Sugni has to keep running around from pillar to post in the literal sense of the word throughout the show. When I had first started shooting I was a little plump, but with all the bhagambhag in the show I have shed those extra pounds. Trust me for a woman nothing beats the feeling of staying in shape without making extra efforts for it,\" adds Gulki.Sumit Jha", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12527293", "title": "High plot rates make apartments popular", "text": "PANCHKULA: Sky-rocketing real estate prices of plots in Panchkula have made owning property out of reach for the common man, thus making way for apartment culture in the city. But flats too come with a price tag of Rs 90 lakh to Rs 1.5 crore.\"The latest trend that has set in Panchkula is the apartment culture which is being preferred even by big shots and senior bureaucrats. Though, the price of a flat touches around Rs 90 lakh to Rs 1.5 crore still there are people who manage to get the foothold,\" said property dealer Abhay Jain. He added, \"People just want to stay within the boundary of Panchkula in some way or the other.\"\"Buying plots in Panchkula has become quite difficult. But since the price of properties are sky rocketing, whether its plots or flats, people just want to grab something in Panchkula,\" said property dealer Gurdip Singh. He adds, \"The first preference in flats is Mansa Devi Complex followed by Sector 20 in Panchkula. Other preferences are flats of sectors 25 and 27 in Panchkula.\"\"A few months back when I enquired about a flat at Mansa Devi Complex, the dealer told me that the flat would cost Rs 45 lakh and now when I went he told me that the same flat would cost around Rs 1 crore,\" said Rajveer Chaudhary, a resident of Sector 15, Panchkula. He added, \"The situation is so bad that even a delay of few days one might have to shell out more for the property.\"\"People wanting better deals on flats are moving towards sectors 25 and 27 in Panchkula as the prices there are quite pocket friendly,\" said realtor Aakash Ghai. He adds, \"I feel to adjust the increasing population, the apartment system is the best way. More and more people prefer to live in flats due to comparatively lower prices, security and a feeling of camaraderie. And as a result even big guns and bureaucrats are shifting here.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "lakhimpur", "code": "12531017", "title": "UP CM Akhilesh Yadav orders probe into irregularities in flood control works", "text": "LAKHIMPUR: Taking serious note of the alleged irregularities in flood control works in the district, Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Wednesday ordered an inquiry into the issue, official sources said.The order was issued during inspection of Sharda canal and flood affected areas by the CM along with several other ministers, including irrigation minister Shivpal Singh Yadav.During inspection, Akhilesh ordered an inquiry into several complaints related to irregularities in GEO bags. The chief minister also expressed his displeasure over release of water of Sharda river as complaints of silting were received.The CM directed the district officials that with two months still left for monsoons, the flood control works should be completed in time.He announced flood control projects of several crore rupees besides taking an aerial survey of the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12526398", "title": "No health risk from mobile towers radiation: Telecom industry", "text": "JAIPUR: Telecom industry on Tuesday came out strongly to fight off the perception that mobile towers pose serious health hazards.The concerted effort, that saw coming together of both GSM and CDMA operators, comes after the Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) demolished three towers in the city on complaints that the mobile base stations may have been the cause behind two members of a family suffering from brain cancer.The COAI (Cellular Operators Association of India), and Auspi (Association of United Telecom Service Providers of India), the two industries bodies representing GSM and CDMA players respectively, claimed that there is no scientific evidence as of today to suggest that the radiation emitted by the towers can cause cancer.\"Misinformation generated regarding electro-magnetic fields (EMF) radiation from mobile towers creates undue panic and apprehension among the people. It is critical that only proven scientific research-based findings from credible bodies of international repute be referred to and understood in this context,\" said Rajan S Mathews, director general COAI.Mathews said that international bodies like WHO ( World Health Organisation ) and ICNIRP (International Commission for Non-ionizing Radiation Protection) have refuted the misconceptions and agreed that the scientific research till date doesn't establish any health risks from the towers.In 2008, the government of India adopted ICNIRP guidelines for limiting the human exposure to EMF, for the telecom sector in India.The standards set by ICNIRP for emission levels are considered to be safest, and have been adopted by most of the countries across the global to ensure compliance with all the safety limits from EMF.While service providers have established necessary infrastructure for self-monitoring and self-testing of EMF measurement for complying with emission limits as per ICNIRP guidelines, people feel the industry needs an independent audit, which can go a long way in removing speculation over the veracity of such reports.The recent PIL filed by a retired justice of Rajasthan High Court against the towers does not help the cause of the operators who have failed to reach out to people in dispelling their misconception with the scientific evidence the industry has in its possession.Given the social standing of a person like retired Justice I S Israni, a mass support against the demolition of towers cannot be ruled out. After the demolition of three towers, there was a demand from local councilors to extend the drive in their areas.The negative publicity the towers have generated is also helping people in arm-twisting the operators.\"Taking advantage of the situation some people, on whose premises towers are located, now demand higher rents from the tower companies,\" said an official. Relocation of towers will cost huge sums of money and operators sometimes have to succumb to their unjustified demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "jalpaiguri", "code": "12526079", "title": "Bison butchered in aphrodisiac frenzy", "text": "JALPAIGURI: The lust for aphrodisiac has resulted in the death of a bison in north Bengal. A group of workers from different tea estates of Buxa Tiger Reserve (BTR) chased and killed a male bison with bamboo sticks, iron rods and other sharp weapons and later consumed its meat. The bison had strayed out of Nimti forest and entered Atiabari tea estate in the west Rajabhatkhawa range of BTR.The incident took place late on Monday evening. The bison had first strayed out of Nimti to enter Atiabari tea estate at around 3pm. But the foresters were quick enough to drive it back to the forest.After the foresters returned, the bison again strayed out of Nimti forest and made its way into the tea garden in the evening. Then a group of tea workers from the gardens Atiabari, Bhatkhawa and Garopara killed the animal under the Schedule I of the Wildlife Protection Act.The forest workers were informed around 9pm that a group of people in these gardens were feasting on the bison meat. On raiding the gardens, BTR foresters caught one Basudeb Goala from Atiabari and recovered some flesh too. After a quick interrogation, three more persons - Asif Mahali, Bipta Kharia and Joseph Munda - were arrested for their alleged involvement in the killing of the bison.Further interrogation revealed that eight more persons were involved in the act. In the process of chasing the animal, one Mendal Kharia got injured and was admitted to Alipurduar hospital. He was arrested later. The others are absconding and arrest warrants against them have already been issued.Police on Tuesday produced the four persons in the Alipurduar court. They were sent to judicial custody for 14 days. Mendal could not be produced as he is undergoing treatment in hospital.The incident is yet another instance of the man-animal conflict in the region and has ringed an alarm for forest officials and wildlife experts giving a clear indication that the department has miles to go to eradicate such superstition.It may be noted that there is a tribal myth that the testicles of a bison are a powerful aphrodisiac and keeping its horns at home increases a man's potency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12525901", "title": "It\u2019s a proxy war in Hauz Khas", "text": "NEW DELHI: In Hauz Khas ward, the Corporation election has turned into a prestige issue for two heavyweights - sitting councillor and former mayor Arti Mehra of BJP and local MLA Kiran Walia who is also the state women and child development minister. The two have fielded their own candidates in the ward and are toiling hard to make sure they win.Walia has facilitated ticket to her OSD Rajan Balguhar's wife Manjulata - who claims to be a foot-soldier for the minister. She is a Delhi University graduate and is pursuing MA in Hindi literature. On the other hand, Mehra has got the ticket to Ankita Saini, a foreign educated business executive who returned to India only two years ago.\"I recommended Manjulata because she is a hard working and capable woman. She has been assisting me in party-related work for over a decade,\" said Walia. The Congress MLA from Malviya Nagar said she spends two to three hours every day in the ward for campaigning and holding corner meetings with Manjulata. \"I am confident of her win,\" Walia added.The ward has 31,000 voters and has been a BJP stronghold for over 15 years now. It includes areas like Safdarjung Development area, Hauz Khas Enclave, Gulmohar Park, Neeti Bagh, Gautam Nagar and Masjid Moth village among others.Arti Mehra won three consecutive elections since 1997 from this ward. The BJP leader said she herself selected Ankita Saini. \"She is a young, diligent and committed worker. I am sure she will win the elections and carry forward my development agenda and legacy of good work,\" she said.Mehra said she spends more than two hours every day discussing strategy for the elections and participating in pad yatras with the BJP candidate despite her busy schedule. \"I know Ankita's father for several years. He is an active political worker and his daughter is a well-educated woman who really wants to do something for the society,\" she said.Mehra's core supporters and even family members, the BJP leaders said, were involved in campaigning for the party candidate and garnering support for her.Both candidates - Ankita and Manjulata - claimed they were getting a lot of support from their senior leaders. \"My focus areas will be taking care of the basic amenities like roads, drainage and maintenance of parks,\" said Ankita.On the other hand, Manjulata alleged in the last 15 years the BJP councillor has failed to address the civic issues in the area, particularly localities like Gautam Nagar and Masjid Moth. \"The roads are never repaired and the sewer system has collapsed completely. I will follow the Congress model of all-inclusive development, which I have learnt from Walia,\" she said.Locals say both the candidates are new faces. \"I have not seen them before in this area. I know Arti Mehra and Walia though,\" said Harish Choudhary, a resident of Gulmohar Park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12526585", "title": "Training post for Damayanti?", "text": "KOLKATA: The cop who won accolades from all corners for cracking the Park Street rape case within two weeks may be sent back to the training ground.Damayanti Sen - Kolkata Police's joint commissioner, crime, may be transferred to the post of DIG (training) if a recommendation of the state's police establishment board (PEB) is approved by chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Wednesday.On Tuesday, the PEB - that comprises DGP Naparajit Mukherjee and Kolkata Police commissioner RK Pachnanda among other top officers - made its recommendations for transfer and promotions of 60 IPS officers in the state and city police. It's the largest reshuffle proposed in recent times. Ther details have not yet emerged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12529802", "title": "Simbu to shoot in Disneyland again", "text": "After Vettai Mannan, actor Simbu is all set to shoot at the Disneyland, Hong Kong once again for his forthcoming film Vaalu.Simbu's next with NIC Arts' Vaalu will be directed by debutant Vijay. Vaalu will go on floors as soon as he finishes Vettai Mannan.Apparently Vettai Mannan is the first film to be shot in Disneyland. It is directed by debutant Nelson. Vettai Mannan is an action-packed gangster story in which Simbu will be seen in a role of a serial killer. Reportedly this is going to be Simbu's costliest film till date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12529759", "title": "Nana Patekar to get an image makeover", "text": "Hardcore Marathi manoos Nana Patekar is all set to re-invent himself. We've reason to believe that he has hired the services of a leading endorsement and marketing company (Percept India Ltd) to work on what is secretly being referred to as 'Brand Nana'. And the makeover reference point given to the company? Al Pacino!Says a source, \"For too long Nana has been perceived to be this earthy son of the soil all-heart hot-headed rugged and rustic hero. There's a soft gentle refined side to Nana that has never been tapped. The endorsement and marketing company has taken upon itself the responsibility of re-inventing Nana.\"For the first time Nana would be projected in the media in well-tailored tuxedos and designer clothes that would contour his lean leonine physique in a Western avatar.Two of India's leading clothes designers Rafiq Gangjee and Manish Malhotra are being roped in to work on Patekar's metrosexual look.Nana would also doing endorsements for the first time-something that he has typically shied away from doing as a sign of selling the soul to the devil.The devil, we now hear, is ready to wear Armani and Gucci.While Nana refrained from comment on his new image-makeover we contacted Shailendra Singh of Percept who admitted the actor was all set for a radical leap in public perception. Says Singh, \"We love the rugged earthy side of Nana. But the image has played itself out. There's another side to Nana that needs to come out now. We've seen the sharp shooter long enough. Now we'll see the poet and the artiste.\"Singh reveals how Nana is a consummate painter. \"He has learnt to paint at the J J School Of Art. In the two hours that I spent talking with him last week he painted six canvases for me. Believe you me, they're world-class. We keep reading about Nana the cook. What about Nana the artiste? We seriously think we can change his image even at this late stage.\"Apparently Percept's head honcho spent a couple of hours discussing image-makeover plans with Nana who in his typically brash away, refused the offer initially.\"But we finally convinced him. We're going to project Nana as India's Al Pacino . And that's a compliment to Pacino,\" shoots Singh, adding that the Rajneeti, Tirangaa star has already signed two endorsements for very high-profile upmarket products.A film based on the life of Jinnah with Patekar is also on the cards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12527490", "title": "Policeman asks money for filing FIR, probe ordered", "text": "PUNE: Avinash Deshmukh, an employee of a private company, is still to recover from the bizarre experiences of the last two days.First, his motorcycle went missing from Tanmaypuri housing society at Bhusari Colony where he lives on Monday morning. Then, when he went to the Alankar police chowky at Kothrud to lodge a complaint, a policeman there allegedly demanded Rs 300 from him to register the FIR and complete other formalities.When he returned home and checked the CCTV footage from a camera installed in the parking lot of the society , he was aghast to find that three policemen had seized the motorcycle in the early hours of Monday.In the evening, he got a call from his father in Washim district in Vidarbha that the Warje-Malwadi police here had recovered his motorcycle .Thoroughly confused, Deshmukh contacted his lawyer and rushed to the police commissionerate on Tuesday. He learnt here that the Warje Malwadi police had seized his motorcycle after recovering its papers from a criminal with a police record.Deputy commissioner of police (zone-I ) Dnyaneshwar Phadtare said he has ordered a probe into Deshmukh's allegations that the police demanded money for registering the FIR. \"We have taken it very seriously and will take stringent action ,\" he said.However, Phadtare said the Warje Malwadi police had done a good job. \"They caught the criminal and recovered two stolen motorcycles from him. The police seized Deshmukh's motorcycle suspecting that the thief may have parked it in the parking lot of the society ,\" he said.Speaking to TOI, Deshmukh said the policeman at the chowky had also demanded Rs 2,000 for doing a panchnama. The CCTV footage showed an officer and two policemen at the parking lot with a man who was handcuffed. \"They tried to open the handle lock of my motorcycle. When they couldn't , two policemen lifted the motorcycle and took it away,\" he said.The motorcycle is registered in the name of Deshmukh's father, Subhash, who got a call from the police saying they had recovered the vehicle.Deshmukh's lawyer Mihir Prabhudesai told TOI that he and his client met senior police officials at the commissionerate on Tuesday and filed an application demanding a detailed inquiry . \"The police should have informed someone before taking away the motorcycle from the society. The police did not follow the provisions of the criminal procedure code while taking away the vehicle. We want action against them. We will wait for two days and then file a private case against the policemen ,\" Prabhudesai said.When contacted, senior inspector Sunil Darekar of the Warje Malwadi police station said a night patrol team detained the criminal, Vitthal Rathod, in the early hours of Monday at Warje. \"During questioning, we found that he had the documents of Deshmukh's motorcycle with him. Rathod said he had come to steal the motorcycle but when he couldn't , he took away the papers which were lying in the vehicle. We recovered another motorcycle from him, which he had stolen the same night. He then showed us Deshmukh's motorcycle. There was no watchman in the society. We did not know that the owner of the motorcycle lived in the society. It was also not possible to inform someone in the society that early that we were seizing the vehicle. Suspecting that Rathod may have stolen the motorcycle, we decided to take it to the police station ,\" he said.Darekar said Rathod has nine case of vehicle theft, one case of attempted dacoity and a robbery attempt case against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12527080", "title": "Water crisis: DK seeks Rs 2 Cr", "text": "MANGALORE: Depleting water level at Thumbe vented dam, main source of drinking water to the city, has forced the Mangalore City Corporation to reduce water supplied to Mulky and Ullal respectively. While 83 villages in Dakshina Kannada are facing drinking water shortage of varying levels, the problem is acute in Kolnad, Naringana, Vogga and Pajeer in Bantwal and Mangalore taluks, according to deputy commissioner N S Channappa Gowda.Interacting with chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda over video-conferencing held by the CM with all DCs on Tuesday, the DC said water was being supplied to the villages using water tankers. \"Lack of rains in the coastal district is also having a bearing on yield in borewells dug up for the purpose,\" DC said, urging CM to release Rs 2 crore to help the administration tide over the crisis and supply drinking water to the affected villages. CM assured to do the needful.On implementation of Sakala in Puttur, one of the five taluks where Karnataka Guarantee of Services to Citizens Act, 2011 was implemented as a pilot project, DC said 4,758 out of 5,540 applications received in Puttur were disposed of last month. In the district wise roll out on Monday, DC said 726 out of 1,511 applications received since the launch had been disposed of and the district would strive to be number one in implementing the act in the state.The district has taken steps to implement the government's directive on providing nutritious food to children in anganwadis , the DC said .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12526182", "title": "Lifeguards accused of rash driving on Calangute beach", "text": "PANAJI: A lifeguard jeep allegedly almost killed an 18-month old child on Calangute beach recently prompting her mother and grandfather to file an FIR with the Calangute police.The grandfather, Antonio De Souza, is an active member of the Noise Pollution Control Committee set up by the high court for North Goa. De Souza and his daughter-in-law have both complained that \"driving motor vehicles in undesignated areas is a criminal offence\".In his letter to the tourism director, De Souza has also threatened to file a public interest litigation if corrective measures are not taken soon. De Souza has listed several suggestions to improve the \"chaotic state of tourism in Goa\" including routine rash driving of vehicles by Dristhi personnel, the uncontrolled water sports activity and also the unregulated number of deck beds on the beaches.Relating his own grandchild's near-death experience on Calangute beach on the evening of May 11, De Souza said that he, his daughter-in-law who is in an advanced stage of pregnancy and her 18-month old child were seated on the beach \"when from nowhere a lifeguard jeep drove right into us apparently losing control of the vehicle and almost killing my grandchild and injuring my pregnant daughter-in-law\". They have named Nilesh Dhuri as the jeep driver.De Souza contacted the Calangute police station whose officers arrived almost after an hour. De Souza said that they refused to do a panchanama and took them to the police station instead. De Souza filed an FIR against the general manager of Drishti Special Response Services Pvt Ltd and their lifeguard/driver for driving on Calangute beach in a rash and negligent manner with intent to cause injury.De Souza states that Drishti is operating motor vehicles on the beach without any authorization from a competent authority. He said that driving on the beach violates various sections of the Motor Vehicle Act, 1988, and the Indian Penal Code. Besides, he says that \"plying vehicles on the beach would be a violation of the CRZ notification as it leads to destruction of sand dunes, beach sand, etc.When contacted, transport director Arun Desai said driving on the beach is not allowed. When told that lifeguards do it, he said they have permission due to their lifesaving job. When asked who had issued the permission, Desai pleaded ignorance and asked to check with the tourism department.When contacted, Drishti chairman and managing director Rajeev Somani said his company is suspending Nilesh Dhuri, the errant driver of the jeep. \"It is very wrong. They cannot drive over 20 kmh on the beach unless there is an emergency,\" Somani said.Somani, however, said that since the jeeps on the beach were four-wheel-drive, their pickup was not too fast. He said they were considering putting speed governors on the jeeps, but that would cause a problem in emergencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12526271", "title": "Burglars strike pharmacy, barat Navelim", "text": "MARGAO: A pharmacy at Navelim was broken into and cash worth 1.70 lakh was stolen from it during the early hours of Tuesday morning.The incident comes a week after four shops in Margao were broken into, where the same modus operandi of bending the shutter was used.The burglars also broke into an adjacent bar near the pharmacy where they consumed alcohol and cigarettes, and also stole cash.Pharmacy owner V Jholapuri lodged a complaint with Margao police on Monday and informed them that his pharmacy was burgled last year as well where 1 lakh was stolen.Police said that on both occasions when the pharmacy was broken into, Jholapuri was not in Goa and had kept the cash in a safe as he intended to deposit the amount in the bank.Police added that Jholapuri had kept the money in the safe on Saturday, and as it was a bank holiday on Monday and Tuesday, he could not deposit the money in the bank.Police added that the thieves had stolen only good notes and had thrown all soiled notes aside. Offences have been booked under Sections 457 and 380, IPC, against unknown persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12525964", "title": "Many Congmen became freedom fighters in 1987", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If the data provided by the Union government is to be believed, various bigwigs of the Congress, the Communist parties, the socialists and the Janata Party have been placed in the list of \"freedom fighters\".Prominent among these are Giani Zail Singh, P V Narasimha Rao , Neelam Sanjiva Reddy, Darbara Singh, Morarji Desai , Biju Patnaik, Devi Lal, R Venkataraman, Kamla Bahuguna, Babubhai Patel, Lalita Shastri (wife of Lal Bahadur Shastri), Indrani Devi (wife of Jagjivan Ram) and Gayatri Devi (wife of Charan Singh). The name of ND Tiwari also finds mention.Most of them were given the status by the Union government in 1987. The revelations came from a report filed by amicus curiae R S Dhull, who was asked by the Punjab and Haryana HC to assist the court in a PIL filed by a historian.In its report, the amicus curiae submitted that at the time of research, it was noticed that many prominent leaders of the Congress, the Communist and Socialist parties were placed in the list and many, who were also freedom fighters as per the same credentials, were left out.\"Many of these were dead at the time of issuing suo motu pension and it has not been made clear whether all of them had completed the criteria of a minimum six months' imprisonment for general category and two months for scheduled cast category,\" Dhull added.The matter reached the high court through a petition filed by historian Malwinderjit Singh Waraich seeking directions for the Swatantrata Senani Samman pension for legal heirs of freedoms fighters of Jallianwala massacre, Kamagatamaru and the Kuka movements.In the same case, the Centre had in February this year submitted that it had released freedom fighter pension to the mother of martyr Chandra Shekhar Azad under its Swatantrata Senani Samman pension scheme in 1987, whereas Azad's mother had passed away in 1951.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12525919", "title": "Maoists: Fulfil demands by April 5 to get MLA freed", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Maoists on Tuesday set an April 5 deadline for the Odisha government to meet their demands in exchange of Biju Janata Dal MLA Jhina Hikaka, in their captivity since March 23.\"April 5 is the last deadline from our side. It's the government's responsibility to fulfill our demands and have the MLA released,\" said a 59-second audio tape sent to media houses by the Maoists. The voice on tape is Chandramouli's, who calls himself, secretary, Andhra Orissa Border Special Zonal Committee (AOBSZC).The taped message does not highlight all the demands the Maoists have made so far but focuses on the \"immediate release\" of activists of Chasi Mulia Adivasi Sangha (CMAS), a pro-Maoist outfit, from prisons in Koraput and Malkangiri.Chief minister Naveen Patnaik , in a fix about how to handle the abductions (the other one of the Italian Bosusco Paulo), said in the assembly on Tuesday that the government was ready for talks on releasing some CMAS activists.He also appealed to the Maoists to extend their deadline. He had earlier urged the Maoists to name mediators for talks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12527178", "title": "Thieves flee with Rs 7 lakh from medical store, caught on camera", "text": "GURGAON: Thieves allegedly decamped with Rs 7 lakh cash from a medical store near Kalyani Hospital early on Tuesday. Based on the store's CCTV footage which shows the miscreants committing the crime, police have lodged an FIR. The police, however, have not yet confirmed the exact amount of money stolen.Theives struck Pasricha medical store outside Kalyani Hospital on MG Road at 4am on Tuesday and broke open the store shutter. On of them put the cash in a bag, unaware of the CCTV camera inside. The thieves fled soon after.According to the police, on Tuesday morning some people saw the broken shutter of the medical store and informed the shop owner, Gurcharan Pasricha who soon reached the store and informed the police. Pasricha said around Rs 7-8 lakh was kept in the store and that he owns few other shops in the city.Police suspect the thieves could have been aware of the place where the cash was kept in the store. \"We have lodged an FIR on the basis of the complaint lodged by the store owner. Investigation in the matter is on,\" said Naresh Kumar, SHO, Civil Lines police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12529209", "title": "Goutam all praise for Konkona", "text": "He'd last worked with her a decade back, in \" Mr and Mrs Iyer\", but Kankon - Konkona Sen Sharma to us - hasn't changed a bit since then, says Goutam Ghose. Shooting for his \" Shunyo Awnko\" on the hot, dusty streets of Kolkata through Tuesday, Goutam was all praise for Konkona.\"Kankon is just brilliant in front of the camera. It's been 10 years since \"Mr and Mrs Iyer\", but she's still the same. She's so spontaneous while shooting and I really like that about her. She too was very happy to work with me after such a long gap. She told me, 'Goutam mamar shonge abar anekdin por kaaj korchhi',\" said the director.Goutam and his cast canned travelling shots all day, shooting along the roads of Rajarhat since the morning. \"There was a sequence where Konkona and Priyanshu were seen having tea at a roadside dhaba,\" he added.Priyanshu too was happy to work with Konkona. \"I was with her in \"Iti Mrinalini\" though we didn't share screen space. We shot a scene where Raka (Konkona) takes Agni (Priyanshu) to a dhaba for tea. The two of them know each other professionally,\" he said.Back to work just two weeks after having her baby with hubby Ranvir Shorey, Konkona seems to be glowing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12526445", "title": "Centre may accept Ulfa autonomy plea", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Centre has given clear indications to Ulfa's pro-talks faction that it is ready to accept all its demands, which includes constitutional amendments and giving more powers to Assam on the lines of Jammu and Kashmir under Article 370. The pro-talks leadership, however, is skeptic about Parliament giving the nod to the desired amendment.Led by Arabinda Rajkhowa, the faction, in its central executive meeting held here on Sunday last, had expressed doubts how the constitutional amendment would be viewed by Parliament when the government moves the amendment Bill. \"As of now, there is no problem or differences between us and the government. Our executive committee members will go to New Delhi for talks with the government on April 9,\" said a top leader of the group.He added, \"We had several rounds of informal talks here with interlocutor PC Haldar and other government representatives and the indications are clear and strong about the government agreeing in principle to accept all our demands, including constitutional amendment to solve our problems.\"Rajkhowa, along with vice-chairman Pradeep Gogoi, deputy commander-in-chief Raju Baruah, foreign secretary Sasadhar Choudhury, finance secretary Chitrabon Hazarika, publicity secretary Mithinga Daimary and cultural secretary Pranati Deka will meet Centre's representatives on April 9 in New Delhi to formalize all discussions held with Haldar here.The Ulfa group's \"framework for discussions\", submitted to home minister P Chidambaram on August 5 last year, broadly states, \"The people of Assam today feel insecure in their own traditional homeland and have been left far behind. To achieve such objectives, Ulfa proposes that negotiations be initiated between India and the people of Assam to bring in measures, Constitutional and otherwise of wide scope, and that certain urgent political, economic, social and cultural arrangements be undertaken and completed within a reasonable timeframe by the Government of India to ensure a peaceful democratic solution of the historical Indo-Assam question.\"The Centre agreed to start dialogue with Rajkhowa after the group dropped its primary demand for sovereignty. After the ground was laid, the group submitted its \"framework for discussions\" to Chidambaram. The Centre and the group have already signed the suspension of operation last year.The group has further demanded constitutional and political arrangements, protection of the identity and material resources of the local indigenous population of the state besides financial and economic arrangements such as settlement of all royalties on mines, minerals, including oil, on a retrospective compensatory basis and rights of independent use for a sustainable economic development in future.These apart, the group has also demanded discussions on illegal migration, its effect, impact and required remedies, including sealing of international borders, river patrolling, development of a native force to man the borders and ethnic issues. The group has also demanded a status report on missing Ulfa leaders and cadres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12526372", "title": "Air force officer's daughter goes missing in Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: A 24-year-old girl, daughter of an Indian Air Force (IAF) officer in Trichy went missing on Monday night. The Cantonment police registered a case on Tuesday following a complaint filed by her father.Anitha Shekawat (24) was a research scholar at a private college in Trichy. She was staying with her father, G S Shekawat, a native of Rajasthan, who is an officer with the IAF at the army officers' quarters in Mannarpuram in the city. According to sources, the girl usually went to college by car.On Monday morning, since Anitha had to go to another college to participate in a function, she joined her friend and went there by a two-wheeler. However, she did not return home till 8pm. An anxious Shekawat tried to contact her over her mobile phone but she could not be contacted. He also went in search of his daughter to the college, but his effort went in vain.Police said that Shekawat lodged a complaint with the Cantonment police on Tuesday morning about his missing daughter. So, the police registered a case and searched for her. Initial investigation revealed that her cellphone was switched off at 3pm itself on Monday.Police also said that they can make the next move about her whereabouts only after getting details of her mobile number from Chennai.Speaking to TOI, a police officer said that the girl might have disappeared due to pressure from her family to marry her off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12525905", "title": "Rajasthan cops rescue Madhya Pradesh girl", "text": "JAIPUR: A teenaged girl from Madhya Pradesh, who was allegedly raped several times by a man who bought her from her aunt, was rescued by police before she could be given to another group in Rajasthan's Dholpur district.\"The 15-year-old girl was sold for Rs 50,000 by her aunt to Mahendra who allegedly raped her for several days and was planning to sell her in Bharaput,\" Dholpur Superintendent of Police Rahul Prakash told on Tuesday.\"Following a tip off, we raided a house and rescued the girl last evening. Mahendra was arrested. A team will now be dispatched to MP in search of her aunt who sold her,\" he said.The girl was forced into prostitution by her relatives and the man was also going to hand over her to a group involved in prostitution.\"We produced the girl before child welfare committee today. A medical test will also be conducted,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12527147", "title": "Veg, fruit prices shoot up in city", "text": "MYSORE: While the prices of most vegetables and fruits are fluctuating, the prices of some of them have increased drastically in the city in a month.The price of orange has increased nearly by one fold - from last month's Rs 41 per kg to the present Rs 80. Banana, considered to be cheaper, now costs Rs 32 per kg (it was Rs 15 per kg last month). Tomato, an essential for curries and juice, was Rs 23 per kg a month ago. It is being sold at Rs 30 per kg in the retail market now.However, prices differ slightly from one shop to another. The price of carrot, which is not much grown in the district, has seen a sharp increase -- it is Rs 22 per kg, while it was sold for Rs 17 per kg in the previous month.There is always a demand for watermelon during summer. But its price has increased by Rs 3 from the last month's Rs 13.Explaining the reasons for the increase/ fluctuation of prices to TOI, Horticulture Producer's Co-operative Marketing and Processing Society (Hopcoms) managing director B M Shivalingappa said that the production of vegetables and fruits has been decreasing as labourers are migrating from villages to towns and cities. The other reason is that many farmers are selling vegetables and fruits to other states like Kerala and Tamil Nadu as they are getting good prices. \"Most of the farmers in Chamarajanagar district are selling vegetables and fruits to Kerala, and usually, the prices will be high in summer,\" he added.Shockingly, cooking oil, that was Rs 71-72 per litre, has increased to Rs 76-77. K Manohar, a cooking oil trader in Bandipalya, says the business was very dull in March as it was end of business year. Few days ago, the oil price increased by Rs 7 in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12528556", "title": "Indian American charged in a hit-and-run case flees to India", "text": "WASHINGTON: The FBI and California police are looking for an Indian American, charged in a hit-and-run case that killed a 28-year-old woman.A resident of San Jose, California, accused Pawanjit Singh, 25, has fled to India after the incident.Sunnyvale detectives are currently working with the FBI and the US Marshall's Office on locating the suspect in India.The incident is reported to have happened on March 25 in the highly Indian American populated area of Sunnyvale in California.Following an emergency call at about 11-30 am they found an adult woman on the road suffering from several injuries, police said.The victim, later identified as 28-year-old San Jose resident Jennifer Flores, was transported to a local hospital where she succumbed to her injuries.During subsequent investigation, Sunnyvale Detectives determined Flores was initially a passenger in the vehicle, prior to being pushed out and run over by it.On March 27, detectives identified the driver of the vehicle as 25-year-old Pawanjit Singh of San Jose.Pawanjit is described as being 5-feet 5-inches tall, weighing 145 pounds with black hair and brown eyes.Detectives have discovered, Pawanjit boarded a flight for Dubai , then India, on March 26.A local district court on March 28, issued an arrest warrant for homicide against Pawanjit with a bail amount of USD 1 million, as well as a search warrant for the suspect's residence.During the search of the residence, detectives discovered the location of the suspect's vehicle.The vehicle has since been seized and is being processed for evidence related to the crime.Investigations by Sunnyvale police have revealed that Pawanjit knew Flores.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "12527031", "title": "Inquiry ordered into Hazaribag violence", "text": "HAZARIBAG: The police had to burst several rounds of tear gas shells to disperse a mob at Banaso in the district that allegedly expressed resentment over heavy brick-batting during a Ram Navami procession on Monday evening, a police officer said.The procession, while passing by a mosque at Banaso, played songs at high volume and a section of a community objected to the use of loud speakers in the area. The issue led to arguments and the members of both the communities started pelting stones at each other. A portion of the mosque was allegedly damaged owing to the violence on the streets. When the situation took a turn for the worse, the police, along with the CRPF, reached the spot.Several police officers, including Bishnugarh OC Ramdayal Munda, received injuries while pacifying the mob. Prohibitory orders under Section 144 banning processions and unlawful assembly of persons was imposed in the area and patrolling was intensified. So far no arrests have been made.SP Pankaj Kamboj held a peace committee meeting on Tuesday in which citizens of both the communities participated. The SP appealed to the local people to maintain peace and assured action against those found guilty of inciting violence. He said he has ordered an inquiry into the incident and action will be taken on receipt of the report.The SP said the situation at Banaso is now under control. More than 650 activists of various akharas participating in the 48-hour Ram Navami procession were injured in group clashes during the display of lethal weapons in Hazaribag town. Out of the 650 injured, the condition of 26 is serious. They are admitted at the Sadar hospital. One Raju Bharati was been shifted to RIMS in Ranchi on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12527048", "title": "After protests, TN partially rolls back power tariff hike", "text": "CHENNAI: Four days after announcing a power tariff hike for the first time in nine years, the state government on Tuesday announced a partial rollback for domestic consumers.The rollback, after protests from opposition parties, will benefit the middle and lower-middle class families. The rollback is expected to take the punch out of a series of agitations called by the opposition against the hike.While the increase ranged from 50% to 106% for various categories of domestic consumers, the hike has been rolled back by only between 7.6% and 21%.Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa , who announced the tariff cut in the assembly, said it would benefit about 1.5 crore families. One the reasons for announcing the tariff cut, she said, was that the government had received several representations from the general public about the hike placing a huge financial burden on them.The high-end segment of the four categories of domestic consumers, which consumes more than 500 units every two months, will not benefit from the tariff reduction.The maximum relief is 350 - for households that consume 500 units of power. Households that consume up to 100 units of power will benefit by 10 and those consuming up to 200 units will save 60.Jayalalithaa said the government did not have the power to lower the tariff fixed by the Tamil Nadu Electricity Regulatory Commission (TNERC). \"But the government is committed to minimize the burden on the people,\" she said, explaining that an additional subsidy of 740 crore would be allocated to the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) to compensate for the loss from the rollback.The total power subsidy for the current financial year has now gone up to 4,294 crore.The hike mainly affected consumers with low tension connections, including domestic and commercial users, offices and small industries that formed the bulk of the 1.87 crore metered TNEB connections. Around 13 lakh huts in the state and 20 lakh agricultural connections remain unaffected as they are provided free power at a subsidy of 1,885 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12529835", "title": "My friends call me a celeb: Anik Dutta", "text": "If he misses calls, his friends tease him saying that he has now become a celebrity. Not one to sit on his laurels, the director is working on a KKR commercial...You have bought the rights of Shirshendu Mukhopadhyay's Aschorjo Prodip and have also penned a script on it. Considering that you already have a classic like \"Parash Pathar\" and a more contemporary film like \" Aladin\" in the same genre, how challenging is your work now?I haven't seen \"Aladin\" and, hence, can't comment on it. As far as \"PP\" goes, it is one of my favourite comedies. Tulsi Chakraborty was an actor of international standards. While \"PP\" had only a stone, in case of this work, a human being also appears along with an object. I am using the germ of the idea from the published work and giving it my own spin. My film will have tongue-in-cheek dialogues and a big surprise - or rather, a shock - in the end. It might hit people very hard. The angle of consumerism will come in. That wasn't something which was very important during the days when \"PP\" was made. However, form-wise and treatment-wise, my work will be very different from the Ray classic. In fact, even \" Bhooter Bhobisyot\" did not have any similarity with Ray's films in terms of form and treatment.You are planning to make a thriller too...I have plans to attempt a whodunnit. The form is a thriller but I'll also be exploring human complexities. I had gone on a vacation to Bolpur to find out the location where I would set the film. I also have another script that's a kind of a love story titled \"Apodartho\". It requires an unknown cast and is about a boy who is of no good. He is an unlikely hero who will truly become a hero by some twist in the story.One of your biggest USPs in the ad world is your ability to do spoofs. Did that help you largely while making \"Bhooter Bhobisyot\"?Yes. Most of my award-winning commercials have been spoofs. Their success gave me the confidence that I can make people laugh. So when I was doing my first feature film, I decided to bank largely on this ability of mine. Kadalibala's bioscope song (\"Debo na debo na\") is reminiscent of a song in a commercial that I did for a biscuit major with the hookline - \"e swader bhag hobe na\".If you are to objectively look at \"BB\" now, would you like to change anything?I couldn't try out a few things because of the budget constraint. As a result, the film became a little verbose because I had to get the narrator describe events instead of showing the things happen. May be, I would have liked to make less compromises with the costumes. The Samadarshi-Mumtaz track could have been done better. Yet, I will also add that constraints often create situations to generate interesting work.You have a reputation of being a control freak and some often address you as the talented \"Panic Dutta\" who knows his job well...I am a bit of a split personality. When I am not working, I can be lazy and careless. But during pre-production, I am like a surgeon at work and everything is a life and death situation for me. My assistants complain that I can't delegate work. Even if I give directions to a person to get a certain thing, chances are that I too might land up at the same shop. I feel, anyone who is taking time out and spending money to watch a movie deserves a good product. If we give 100%, we can only achieve 20%. The rest is lost in translation. That's why I don't like doing things in half measures.Ray references creep in pretty much obviously in your movies and perhaps a little less subtly in the works of some of your contemporaries. While the tribute concept is great, does it also run the risk of greatness being thrust on to directors where the references are intelligently subtle?I don't have the wherewithal to pay a tribute and don't even dare to do so. But, it's a fact that there are few who will not be inspired by Ray's films, stories and illustrations. I never hide the fact that I use these references and am glad if people note them. But if they don't, the film still doesn't lose its fun. I am not a film buff and am unaware of others who try to push the masters' styles as their own.Weren't you influenced by your granduncle, Bimal Roy's films?I was very young when Monidadu (Bimal Roy) died but I have fond memories of my grandaunt. She was a great photographer and any Mumbai trip meant dropping in to visit their bungalow on Mount Mary Road. It was a beautiful property. There was a lifesize portrait of his in the living room. In front of it were kept the nine Filmfare awards . Incidentally, this bungalow was called a Bhoot Bangla. Planchettes used to be done there too. I suppose, subconsciously, this Bhoot Bangla might have served as a reference for the haunted house of \"BB\".How has success changed you?The adulation from all quarters seems too unreal for me. If I miss calls, my friends tease me and say that I've now become a celebrity. I have a huge sense of relief now. I never thought I had made a masterpiece or expected lakhs of people to watch it. I am happy with the response but am back to working on my ads. I am now working on a KKR commercial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12527452", "title": "Maharashtra government issues new guidelines for college admission", "text": "PUNE: The state government has issued a revised set of rules related to fees and admissions at the education degree (BEd/MEd) colleges for 2012-13 . The new rules provide that the Shikshan Shulka Samiti (fee regulatory authority ) will be the final authority for deciding the fees of unaided BEd/MEd colleges.However, the fee panel authorities as well as the office-bearers of the Association of Managements of Unaided Teachers' Education Colleges in Maharashtra (AMUTECM) insist that the government resolution (GR) specifying the revised rules, is ambiguous, especially on matters relating to fixation of fees.The matter assumes significance in the wake of the fee panel's move to 'hold back' 556 fee revision proposals submitted by BEd/MEd and physical education (BPEd/MPEd) colleges for year 2011-12 , following the National Council of Teachers Education (NCTE) regulations notified in August 2010.The regulations provide that the state government should set up a separate mechanism for fixation of fees of these colleges. Also, the fee revision proposals be forwarded to the competent authority established either by the state government, the central government or the UGC.The fee panel had sought a clarification from the state government on who should fix the fees of education and physical education degree colleges. Of the 556 'held back' proposals, 402 proposals are from BEd colleges; 47 from BPEd; 12 from MPEd and 95 from MEd colleges.Sadashiv Shivdas, joint secretary to department of higher and technical education (H&TE;), issued a couple of GRs on March 15 specifying the rules for BEd and MEd colleges.Both the GRs provide a detailed explanation on how to ascertain the eligibility of candidates for BEd/MEd courses; conduct of common entrance tests; preparation of merit list; distribution of seats; university-wise distribution of seats; management and minority quotas; fees and other charges. The GRs state that unaided colleges will have to charge fees as fixed by the panel. Director of higher education Prakash Gaikwad told TOI, \"Our last GR on matters relating to the fees is fairly clear. We haven't deviated from this GR.\"However, P E Gaikwad, office secretary of the fee fixation panel, said, \"The revised rules are not binding on the fee panel. In fact, for us, the position remains unchanged and we are still not sure whether the fee panel can decide the fees of education/physical education colleges in the wake of the NCTE regulations.\"Devendra Joshi, who heads the centralised admission process (CAP) of the AMUTECM, said, \"The GR is totally ambiguous and we have decided to approach the fee fixation panel on April 18 through the admissions regulation committee, which has restrained the unaided education/physical education colleges from effecting fresh admissions unless their fees are approved.\"The AMUTECM is the umbrella organisation for over 275 colleges. It conducts a parallel common entrance test, known as Asso-CET , and the Asso-CAP . \"It's not just the fees, but the revised rules also put unreasonable conditions on unaided colleges regarding filling of the 20% management quota seats only with those students, who have cleared the government-conducted CET instead of the Asso-CET ,\" said Joshi. Higher education director Gaikwad has, however, justified the rule on the grounds that last year most of the unaided colleges had arbitrarily filled their management quota seats by admitting students from governmentconducted as well as the associationconducted CETs.\"This had compelled the admission regulation committee to not to approve such admissions,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12525834", "title": "Assault on college girl: No action taken yet", "text": "BHOPAL: The police are yet to register a case in the incident in which an engineering college girl was allegedly beaten up with belt in the Barkatullah University (BU) campus on Tuesday.\"We have not received any complaint in this regard. The police force was sent to BU after getting an information about the incident but no one came forward to report it,\" said SHO C P Dwivedi , Bagh Sewaniya police station.However, the police confirmed that a man identified as Nitin Singh is involved in the incident. He roughed up the student, beat her up with belt and also reportedly tore her clothes in front of the university's security guard and staff.It was suspected that the matter was not reported to the police since one of his family members is at a senior position in the BU. Police said accused was allegedly in an inebriated state at the time of the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "12525294", "title": "District officials wake up to security threat in Greater Noida", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: After the recent scare of the contracts of Greater Noida PCR vans expiring last month, senior police officials got together with the Greater Noida Industrial Development Authority to chalk out future plans to beef up security in the city. For Greater Noida, four new police stations, 12 police chowkis and a fire station apart from other plans have been made to control crime in the fast-growing city.In a meeting held on Tuesday, senior officials, including the SSP, district magistrate and CCEO of Greater Noida Authority reviewed the security situation and made plans to boost the infrastructure for controlling crime. \"To enhance the strength of existing police stations in Greater Noida, we have decided to construct four more that will be located at Knowledge Park-III, Ecotech-I extension, Knowledge Park-V and IT city,\" said Rama Raman, CCEO, Greater Noida. \"In addition, we will set up 12 chowkis in several areas sensitive to law and order problems,\" Raman said. \"A fire station to take care of the needs of the increasing population will also be built at Knowledge Park-V,\" the CCEO added.Raman said while land for these facilities has been identified, the cost of the structures will be borne by the Authority. \"Currently, we have sent in the request for additional personnel to man these police stations. As soon as that is sanctioned, we will start building them,\" Raman said. The police stations will be equipped with a lockup and residential quarters for the cops.The administration has also made plans to address problems related to traffic, unauthorized parking, cracking down on autos running without permits, decongesting the high-density Pari Chowk roundabout, etc. \"We have come to know that the traffic in Greater Noida is largely undisciplined and many commuters travel on the wrong side of the road,\" Kumar said.\"We will soon deploy police teams to control this menace and teach the road users to drive on the right side of the road,\" he added.On the issue of PCR vans and expiry of their contracts, both the SSP and the CCEO of Greater Noida confirmed that their contract was valid till the end of the year. The contracts would be renewed after examining the applicants who apply for it later.SSP Praveen Kumar said, \"Bridging the police-people gap as well as crime prevention and detection would be the top priority for my team.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12530703", "title": "Party time for students", "text": "They enjoyed, had fun and danced till their feet allowed. They are the students of a city-based management college celebrated who recently celebrated their annual fest.The enthusiastic students tried hard to make the evening really special for the huge audience that was present at the college ground. Needless to say, they succeeded! The students sent the crowd to a tizzy with their moves. After a point, the audience also joined in the fun.The highlight of the evening, however, was the fashion show. Once the models showed up on the ramp, the cheering got louder and louder. \"It's fabulous! I just loved the fashion show. It was terrific to see our friends walking the ramp. I think, with their kind of talent, they can put professional models to shame. Life is just rocking here,\" screamed Ronali Dutta, a student having the time of her life there.Deepan Sahoo, a student who came from a small town in Odisha, seemed to be relishing each moment of the evening, \"My friends and I had a great time. I couldn't have imagined fests can be so much fun. I wish this could on forever.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12526103", "title": "Company keen to reopen unit: Dunlop counsel", "text": "KOLKATA: Kalyan Bandyopadhyay, counsel of Dunlop India Ltd (DIL), on Tuesday said the Pawan Ruia Group wants to reopen its flagship company and sent the management to meet industry minister Partha Chatterjee, labour minister Purnendu Bose and leaders of all trade unions in its Sahaganj factory over the last two days.He was speaking before the division bench of justices K J Sengupta and J Bagchi during the first hearing on the company's appeal against the single bench order appointing a provisional liquidator for DIL. Bandopadhyya told the court that there is a ray of hope that a solution may be found to break the stalemate in DIL's Sahagunj factory soon.During the hearing, state advocate general Anindya Mitra argued that the assets and properties of the company should be preserved since state government wants to see DIL reopen.The hearing commenced with the DIL counsel pointing out that the official liquidator had violated the March 29 order where the court had directed the official liquidator as the court-appointed special officer to prepare an inventory of DIL's assets and properties and keep the inventory report in a sealed cover. Bandyopadhyay alleged that the deputy official liquidator had prepared the inventory and made it public in clear violation of the court's order.The division bench of justices Sengupta and Bagchi then refused to accept the inventory prepared by the deputy official liquidator and directed the official liquidator to visit the DIL factory on April 4 to prepare a fresh inventory of the assets and properties of the company.The court also ordered that the liquidator will serve notice to all the litigants in the case before his visit. The court fixed the next date of hearing on April 18.The bench also held that if any significant development takes place before April 18, the litigants would be at liberty to move the court for reopening the factory. Earlier, a single bench of the high court appointed a provisional liquidator to take charge of DIL's books of accounts on March 26 on a petition by Madura Coats, a key DIL creditor, for recovery of Rs 2crore from the company.Kolkata: The Pawan Ruia Group wants to reopen Dunlop India Limited, (DIL), its flagship company, and sent the DIL management to meet the state's ministers for industry and labour on April 2 and with leaders of all trade unions in its Sahaganj factory on Tuesday. This was stated by DIL counsel Kalyan Bandopadhyya before the division bench of Justice K J Sengupta and Justice J Bagchi during the first hearing on the company's appeal against the single bench order appointing a provisional liquidator for DIL. Bandopadhyya told the court that there is a ray of hope that a solution may be found to break the stalemate in DIL's Sahagunj factory soon.During the hearing , state advocate general Anindya Mitra said the state government wants to see DIL reopen. For this purpose, the assets and properties of the company should be preserved, he argued.Bandopadhyya then told the court about DIL management's meetings with the two state ministers on Monday and with trade union leaders on Tuesday to discuss reopening the factory.The hearing commenced with the DIL counsel pointing out that the official liquidator had violated the March 29 order of the bench. In that order, the court had directed the official liquidator as the court-appointed special officer to prepare an inventory of DIL's assets and properties. The inventory report should be kept in a sealed cover. The counsel alleged that the deputy official liquidator had prepared the inventory and made it public in clear violation of the court's March 29 order.The division bench of Justice Sengupta and Justice Bagchi then refused to accept the inventory prepared by the deputy official liquidator and directed the official liquidator to visit the DIL factory on April 4 at 10.30 am to prepare a fresh inventory of the assets and properties of the company. The court also ordered that the liquidator will serve notice to all the litigants in the case before his visit. The court fixed the next date of hearing on April 18. The bench held that if any significant development takes place between today and April 18, the litigants would be at liberty to move the court for reopening the factory. Earlier, a single bench of the high court appointed a provisional liquidator to take charge of DIL's books of accounts on March 26 on a petition by Madura Coats, a key DIL creditor, for recovery of Rs 2crore from DIL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12527404", "title": "Anti-terrorism squad in Hyderabad to trace 'bomber'", "text": "MUMBAI: An anti-terrorism squad (ATS) team from Maharashtra has left for Hyderabad to trace Shaikh Tahseen, suspected to be involved in the 13/7 serial blasts in the city. The 24-year-old youth is suspected to have planted the bomb at Dadar where one person was killed and more than a dozen injured on July 13 last year.According to a source, Tahseen grew up in Mumbra where he completed his school; after that, he was sent to his hometown in Darbhanga district, Bihar. \"There, he came in contact with Indian Mujahideen (IM) key player, Zarar Siddipa alias Yasin Bhatkal alias Imran . Tahseen was aware that Bhatkal was an IM leader. For the past one year, Tahseen had been shuttling between Darbhanga and Mumbai,\" said the police. He added that Tahseen arrived in Mumbai in the first week of July and stayed at his relatives' house in Mumbra. \"He was in touch with Bhatkal after reaching Mumbai,\" the source added. The police have met Tahseen's relatives in Mumbra and recorded their statements. They were, however, unaware of Tahseen's involvement in the attack, said an officer.ATS chief Rakesh Maria declined to comment on the development . \"The probe is at a sensitive stage and I don't want to say anything right now,\" was all that he offered.For the blasts at Opera House , Zaveri Bazar and a spot near Dadar station that killed 27 people and injured more than 100, the ATS has so far arrested four persons, Naqi Shaikh, Nadeem Akhtar, Kanwarnain Pathrija and Haroon Rasheed Naik . During interrogations, police found that Bhatkal, suspected to be the architect of the blasts, stayed at Habib Manzil in Byculla; he stayed with two others, Waqqas and Tabrez. While there were reports that the two were Pakistani nationals, the police did not name them in the FIR or remand applications. They are called 'A' and 'B' . \"We have learnt that Bhatkal also stayed in guest houses at Pydhonie and Chembur,\" said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12526909", "title": "Seats reduced in all state medical colleges", "text": "RANCHI: The decision to reduce the number of seats in the three government managed medical colleges of the state - the Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS), Ranchi, Mahatma Gandhi Memorial Medical College (MGM), Jamshedpur, and Patliputra Medical College Hospital (PMCH), Dhanbad, for 2012-13 - has come as a shock for students.The state health department has asked the Jharkhand Combined Entrance Competitive Examination Board (JCECEB) to conduct tests for only 72, 41 and 41 students for RIMS, MGM and PMCH respectively. In 2011-12, the number of seats in each college was 126, 50 and 50 respectively. Examination controller of JCECEB, L Khiangte, confirmed that the state health department this year has cut down on the number of students.\"We have received the information from the health department and the entrance examination for the MBBS course will be conducted accordingly,\" said Khiangte.\"I missed the bus by just three marks last year. This year I was preparing hard and was sure to find a place in the merit list. But the decision of the government has shattered my dreams. I am shocked and have not been able to concentrate on my studies for the last couple of days,\" said Angad Kumar Mahato.He has been devoting 10-12 hours every day preparing for the entrance test. No one in the health department or any of the three medical colleges was ready to talk about the dip in the number of seats. \"I can say the Medical Council of India has not reduced the number of seats in any college,\" said state health secretary K Vidyasagar. He did not say anything about why the department has asked JCECEB to conduct the entrance test for a reduced number of seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "12526536", "title": "DNA test to identify girl's parents to be expedited", "text": "JODHPUR: After the Rajasthan High Court on Monday took suo motu cognizance of the case of the abandoned girl child at Umaid Hospital, the hospital administration expedited the process of establishing the paternity of the girl through the DNA test. The hospital administration explored the possibilities of obtaining the DNA report as early as possible both at Jaipur and New Delhi, where the sample for the test has already been sent on Tuesday and spoke to the laboratories at both the places.\"We spoke to the Jaipur-based laboratory to find out whether they could send the report of the DNA test in 15 days, which they agreed to, provided there was urgency and adequate reagent availability in the laboratory,\" said the superintendent of hospital, Narendra Chhangani.\"But they advised us to talk to the New Delhi laboratory, where we have sent the samples for DNA test, for an expedited report and we were relieved to now after the New Delhi laboratory agreed to send the report in 15 days,\" he added.Amicus Curiae in the case, Raj Lakshmi Choudhary, will also move an application before the CJM, requesting him to direct the laboratory to provide the report of the DNA test urgently. \"Since this entire matter is dependent upon the report, we want to make sure that the report is obtained as soon as possible so that the girl could get her biological parents,\" Choudhary said.Choudhary also moved an application in the court of CJM on Tuesday to direct the hospital to ensure the safety and protection of the girl and provide all the necessary facilities to Poonam Kanwar, who has now been permitted to breastfeed the girl.On the other hand, the hospital administration also submitted all the records and documents pertaining to the issue before the CJM on Tuesday.\"Until they are discharged from the hospital, they should be the responsibility of the hospital,\" she said.Poonam Kanwar had sought permission from the hospital administration to breast feed the girl both for the health benefits of the girl and herself. Chain Singh, husband of Poonam told that the hospital allowed her to breast feed on Monday night. \"My wife is escorted by the staff to the nursery every 3 hours to feed the girl,\" he said.\"We also assured the court of full cooperation of the hospital to resolve the matter expeditiously\", told Chhangani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12527427", "title": "Maval firing: 48 farmers granted bail", "text": "PUNE: The court of additional sessions judge Vinay Joshi on Tuesday released 48 farmers on a regular bail after they were arrested in connection with the Maval firing case recently.The farmers were released on a personal bond of Rs 7,500 with one surety of the like amount each.The court directed the police to give written intimations to the farmers whenever they were called for interrogation. The farmers were directed to co-operate with the police and not to tamper with the prosecution's evidence.The farmer's lawyer, Prasad Kulkarni, pleaded for their bail as he told the court that their custodial interrogation was not needed because they were not named in the FIR. Deputy superintendent of police (Lonavla division) Shankar Jadhav did not oppose the bail pleas.The bail order has described the firing incident as a public outburst against the state government for implementing the water pipeline project from Pavana dam to Pimpri-Chinchwad.Judge Vinay Joshi observed that the FIR had named some farmers, but it has not attributed the role played by the arrested farmers in the incident. According to the court: \"The allegations are of omnibus nature against the mob and the police remand report shows that the police had not prayed for seeking their custodial interrogation since the date of their arrest\" .The judge held that the rule of parity will apply in the case as the co-accused named in the FIR have been released on bail on September 2, 2011.The bail order reads that some policemen were injured and public property was damaged, but the facts disclose that the incident took place suddenly due to public vengeance.The judge held that no specific allegation has been leveled against either of the arrested persons, and that the state has candidly given no objection to the bail pleas. This is a fit case to release the arrested farmers on bail.Three villagers were killed in the police firing near Baur village on the Pune-Mumbai expressway on August 9, 2011 during a protest by farmers opposing the acquisition of land for the implementation of a water pipeline project from the Pavana dam to Pimpri-Chinchwad . Several farmers were injured in the firing and lathicharge by the police. More than 40 policemen , including former superintendent of police Sandeep Karnik, were also injured in stone-pelting by protestors. On March 29, the police had issued notices to the farmers, directing them to appear at the Wadgaon Maval police station. The farmers were arrested on March 30 and 30, produced before the court, remanded to judicial custody and sent to jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "12526370", "title": "Staff shortage hits passport centre", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The passport seva kendra (PSK) that was opened in February is facing acute staff shortage.This has hampered the functioning of the centre which disbursed nearly 18,000 passports in a month.Since the passport applications counters at the Regional Passport Office in Malappuram have been shut after the PSK was opened, the number of applications at the PSK has increased manifold. Currently, only 17 employees from regional passport office have been deputed to the PSK.Meanwhile, the external affairs ministry is planning to open a second pasport seva kendra (PSK) in the district at Tirur to ease the woes of passport applicants.Union minister of state for external affairs E Ahamed said the demand for a PSK at Shoranur in Palakkad is also being considered.The first PSK in Malappuram was opened in February last week.It has been serving people from both Malappuram and Palakkad and is serviced by Tata Consultancy Service.Inaugurating an information kiosk at the PSK, Ahamed said all the complaints would be resolved soon.E T Muhammed Basheer, MP, said at the inaugural function that there should be sufficient staff at the PSK. MLAs P Ubaidulla, Abdul Rahman Randathani, and passport officer P Abdul Rasheed were present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12525825", "title": "State Calamity Emergency Force on the horizon", "text": "BHOPAL: A State Calamity Emergency Force will be constituted in each district of the state to tackle all kinds of calamities. The Force will comprise 50 to 100 jawans in each district. The emergency force will be constituted among Home Guard jawans. It will be used for relief and rescue works during various kinds of calamities and will be suitably equipped, according to an official release.Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan chaired the first meeting of the calamity management authority on Tuesday, which took these decisions. The meeting also endorsed provision of an institutional structure for dealing with calamities at various levels as well as State Calamity Management Policy.Chouhan said that efforts for calamity management should be made with integrated viewpoint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12525850", "title": "Yashkar burnt himself after killing wife: Cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: After several twists and turns, police on Tuesday claimed to have solved the twin deaths of defence ministry official Yashkar Sinha and his wife, Archana Sharma, saying it was an \"open and shut\" case of Sinha having committed suicide after killing his wife.Ruling out foul play in the deaths, police said the deputy director took the extreme step due to \"financial difficulties\". The cops reached this conclusion on a day when Yashkar's postmortem cited the cause of death as burning and subsequent suffocation.\"Smoke particles were found in his lungs and there were no other external injuries on the body,\" said additional DCP Rajan Bhagat.Earlier, doctors conducting Archana's postmortem had concluded that she was strangled to death. Both reports said the deaths occurred in the early hours of Friday.Yashkar's brother Pushkar Sinha still maintained that a third person had a hand in the deaths. \"The police are making up stories. My brother had no major financial worries and was certainly not depressed over his home loan repayment,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12526605", "title": "PIL on removal of Punjab DGP: HC asks petitioner its locus standi on matter", "text": "CHANDIGARH: While taking up a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by a local NGO seeking directions to remove Sumedh Singh Saini from the post of DGP, Punjab, the Punjab and Haryana high court on Tuesday asked the petitioner to prove its locus standi on the issue.When the matter came up for hearing before a division bench comprising Chief Justice Ranjan Gogoi and Justice Mahesh Grover, the bench asked the petitioner to give information about the NGO and the initiative taken by it in public interest so far.The HC adjourned the issue for further hearing to April 17 without taking any cognizance of the PIL.The petition was filed by an NGO, Voice for Freedom, through its director, Simranjit Singh who is an advocate at the high court and a resident of Mohali. Seeking directions for quashing the appointment of Punjab DGP, Sumedh Singh Saini, the petitioner submitted that an inquiry against the persons concerned who have withheld the material record pertaining to the criminal case pending against Saini while promoting him to the top post was pending.He added that Saini's appointment was in clear violation of apex court directions and was also against the spirit of the Punjab police Act.The petitioner also referred to the recent decision of the Karnataka high court setting aside the appointment of the state DGP holding that the selection process was vitiated since the report of atrocities against women and tribals by the special task force that he headed was deliberately suppressed from the selection authorities.The petitioner has impleaded, Union ministry of home affairs, home department, Punjab, Sumedh Singh Saini and the CBI as parties in this case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "12526467", "title": "Rain cools Shillong as city awaits turn", "text": "SHILLONG: \"The first rain reminds me of the rising summer dust.\" These lines by famous Israeli poet Yehuda Amichai perhaps best describe the first showers in Meghalaya this year.Over the last couple of days, 'The Abode Of Clouds' is experiencing rain, giving people relief from dust and pine pollen circulating in the air. \"These are truly welcome showers as they have softened the otherwise dry air, which was full of dust and pine pollens, causing breathing problems,\" says Deiphi Marbaniang, a student of geography, who takes special interest in the weather pattern.\"In fact, Sohra (Cherrapunjee), famous for receiving highest annual rainfall in the world, too, is dry so far,\" said Albert Nongkynrih, a tour operator.On the other hand, water level in the scenic Barapani (Umiam) Lake, the only viable reservoir in the state, which depends on hydel power, has almost touched the nadir. Officials in the department of power are fearing large-scale shortage in generation and supply of electricity if the state doesn't get enough rain.\"However, the showers over the past couple of days have been encouraging and we look forward to having a good spell of monsoon, which will fill the lake,\" said an official in the state-run Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited.The first showers, meanwhile, have brought smiles to the faces of children whose schools have just begun after a long spell of winter holidays. \"I loved it,\" grinned George, drenched in his school uniform. \"All of us love it when it rains,\" he added.\"Ma gave me umbrella and even raincoat to take to school. But I am not going to use it I love getting drenched in the rain,\" said Zarina, even as she wipes the glasses of her spectacles on her way home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12527033", "title": "ISRO to launch French remote sensing satellite", "text": "CHENNAI: The Indian Space Research Organisation (Isro) will launch a French advanced remote sensing satellite in a few months. Sources said Isro's commercial arm, Antrix Corporation, signed a Rs 100 crore deal to launch the 800kg satellite, SPOT 6, built by Astrium SAS, a subsidiary of France's EADS. It will be launched by Isro's polar satellite launch vehicle (PSLV). \"A commercial launch services agreement between Antrix and EADS was signed recently,\" said an Isro release.The PSLV will carry other payloads along with SPOT 6. The arrangement is part of a contract signed by the two agencies in September 2008.In November 2010, Isro and Astrium together built an advanced communication satellite, HYLAS, for a European customer. Isro said it is looking forward to further collaborations with Astrium.Isro also announced the completion of the mission life of INSAT-2E, the last of the five satellites in the INSAT-2 series. The satellite was built with a planned mission life of 12 years and the release said it functioned beyond this. The satellite, which was mainly for communication services, also carried a very high resolution radiometer and a charge coupled device camera for meteorological observation. INSAT-2E was controlled from the Isro facility at Hassan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12526610", "title": "Post office eyes financial sector, to have ATMs for its account holders", "text": "JAIPUR: Soon post offices in state will have ATMs too. A total of 23 head posts offices in the state have been identified where the ATMs will be installed by the department of post (DoP).As part of its modernization process, the department will initially set up the ATMs in Jaipur, Ajmer and Jodhpur regions. \"It is a pilot project which has been initiated in five states among which Rajasthan is one. We are working on the feasibility of the project and is expecting to start it by the year end,\" said Rajiv Singh, chief post master general, Rajasthan circle.The ATMs will be installed on the premises of branch offices and the facility will be available only for saving account holders. \"We have 1.3 crore accounts in Rajasthan and we are already in some sort of financial services. Last year, our net balance was Rs 7.5 lakh crore for small saving which makes us the largest bank in the country. Even in Rajasthan, we have more branches than gram panchayats. So ATMs will be another stepping stone in getting into the core banking services,\" Singh said.The ATM services will be a major boost for the saving account holders in the post offices as they need not to go to the counter for withdrawing money. Initially, it will be functional only at the post office ATMs but the department is mulling to extend its services at other ATMs too. \"The mode of operation is yet to be decided but certainly in future the cards can be accessed at other ATMs too,\" Ashok Kumar , director (HQ and marketing), said.\"We are in the process of finalizing the companies for technical support and have appointed Accenture as the consultant who is guiding us on the project. But before opening it for the public, we will run it on a trial basis for six months, to find out hitches if there are any in the system,\" Kumar said.DoP has selected five major technology companies for five of its technology advancement projects. It has issued Letter of Intent to Infosys for two projects which are Rural System and Financial Services Integration.The postal department is already eyeing the financial markets in the country. The huge network reaching out to the farthest and remotest areas of the country works in the advantage of the postal department. \"We would like to be in the financial services. We are making attempts to seek permission from the Reserve Bank of India to allow us to grant small ticket finances in rural areas. We have network advantage with us,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12525700", "title": "Panel to look into misuse of funds for gas-hit areas", "text": "BHOPAL: The Bhopal divisional commissioner has set up a committee to enquire into the alleged misappropriation of funds meant for the gas affected areas of the city.The committee comprises activists from various gas victim organisations.The Bhopal Gas Peedith Mahila Udyog Sanghathan (BGPMUS) convenor Adbul Jabbar at a press conference here on Tuesday alleged that funds meant exclusively for gas affected areas have been utilised in areas which was not affected by the gas disaster. \"Builders have benefitted from the diversion of funds. Water tanks have been constructed in Ayodhya Nagar, Karond and Nayapura localities, which came into being decades after the gas leak,\" Jabbar alleged.A total of Rs 67 crore has been received under various schemes meant for providing better civic amenities and safe drinking water for in localities worst affected by the gas leak from the UCC factory in 1984.The measures were initiated following a Supreme Court order to arrange safe drinking water to gas victims.The state government had received about Rs 17 crore from the central government to provide clean drinking water in 14 localities and received another Rs 55.21 crore part of the Rs 982-crore rehabilitation plan for the Bhopal gas tragedy victims approved by the Planning Commission in June 2010. The action plan for rehabilitation is divided into four components - medical, economic, social and environmental.The Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) allocated Rs 55.21 crore on November 27, 2010 for construction of 10 water storage tanks, new pipelines, feeder facility, new water connection in 11 wards, which it termed as the 'worst' affected by the gas leak.\"Even as complaints on the utilisation of the Rs 17 crore are pending, water storage tanks are being built out of the funds meant for gas victims in areas unaffected by the tragedy,\" alleged Jabbar.Earlier in 2007, a project of Rs 14.94 crore for the gas affected Jeevan Jyoti Colony was approved by the BMC. \"It should have created basic civic amenities as well as provide safe drinking water to families in Jeevan Jyoti Colony,\" said Jabbar. Earlier last year, he raised the issue with the district authorities on how new drinking water pipeline was laid alongside sewage pipelines during the same project, risking contamination of water. \"No action has been initiated against the contractor or the civil engineer for a fundamental error in planning. Sooner or later both lines would mix, further affecting the health of the gas victims,\" he added. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12526859", "title": "Sweet 16, but they want their bitters", "text": "BANGALORE: In today's fast-paced world, those reaching out for a bottle of Scotch are getting younger and younger. Alcohol is now part of an urban teenager's life - the average age of those consuming alcohol has come down to 16-17 years, as the third National Family Health Survey (NFHS3) in 2007 pointed out. A far cry from the average age of 25-29, documented in NFHS2 in 2003.The latest survey also revealed that at least 5-10% women in India drink alcoholic beverages. Experts say the factors are globalization and easy availability of alcohol in the market.\"One can find alcohol in departmental stores as well as medical stores. It is easily available to the youth today,\" said Dr Vivek Benegal, professor of psychiatry, Centre for Addiction Medicine, Nimhans.The experts gathered at Dr M V Govindaswamy Centre, Nimhans, to discuss 'Evolving Effective Strategies for Alcohol Advocacy and Prevention', were of the view that the only way to fight this menace is by spreading awareness and educating people against the effects of alcohol consumption.Dr P Satish Chandra, director, Nimhans, said: \"Prohibiting alcohol has not worked in many states of India. Certain lobbies are active to promote consumption and sale of alcohol. Like it was done in the case of HIV, only spreading awareness and educating people can fight this problem. People must be told how drinking alcohol can damage almost every part of the body and kill a person.\"Pointing out that the average age of alcohol consumers has come down, Dr Satish Chandra recommended that education should be started at the high school level.15-30% accidents linked to alcoholDr Mohan Isaac, associate chair of Population Mental Health , School of Psychiatry and Clinical Neurosciences, University of Western Australia, quoted a recent BBC report in which Scotland Whiskey Association claimed that sale of Scotch whisky has gone up by 30-35%, especially in Brazil, India and South Africa.\"Most road accidents happen because drivers are under the influence of alcohol. Drinking alcohol today is considered a status symbol and women too consume it. All aspects of society need to contribute in spreading awareness of the side-effects of alcoholism in society.\"Dr G Gururaj, head, department of epidemiology, Nimhans, said that since 1980, the consumption of alcohol has come down in most developed countries, \"but has gone up in developing economies like India. This is because of production, availability, and promotion of alcohol.\"Quoting several studies conducted by Nimhans, Dr Gururaj said: \"Alcohol consumption is related to 16 various diseases, including cancer, heart failure, stroke, epilepsy and HIV-AIDS. It also contributes to intentional and unintentional injuries. About 15-30% road crashes are linked to alcohol consumption.\"Dr Benegal said: \"Many factors have contributed to popularizing alcohol consumption in India. The younger generation is under social pressure, because if you don't drink, you are considered rigid and outdated. Globalization has made varieties of alcohol available in the market and the marketing is done strategically, to target the younger population.\"\"Individuals who begin drinking at 17 or younger are three times more likely to develop alcoholism than those who begin at the age of 21 or more. This is linked to the fact that the wiring in adolescent brains in areas responsible for impulse control, motivation and learning are still not fully insulated, and are more unprotected from the toxic effects of alcohol, compared to adults, causing them to drink greater quantities.\"The changeoverEasy availability of alcohol in the marketSome pubs are not too strict about age limitEven if teens are barred in pubs, they have home partiesDrinking in front of parents is no longer taboo in families", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12530735", "title": "I had my share of anxiety and fear: Vanya Mishra", "text": "The journey that began two years ago, turned into a dream come true for 19-year-old Vanya Mishra when she was crowned Femina Miss India World 2012 at Bhavans Ground, Mumbai on 30 March 2012.She got a direct entry to the finale after winning Dabur Gulabari Miss Rose Glow 2011 contest, and was finally crowned PFMI'12 Miss World. She is definitely enjoying her time as the new Miss India World. In an exclusive tete-a-tete Vanya opens up about her life, dreams and conquering her fears.\"The feeling that I've won the crown has still not sunk in, as the crown comes with a lot of joy and responsibilities too. Life has suddenly become so busy. But I am enjoying every moment of it.\"Though she was extremely confident, Vanya admits to have had her moments of anxiety and panic. \"I always thought people around me are much more experienced as I am just 19, so I should just wait and come back later. But I always had a positive feeling which finally paid off,\" she exclaims days later as she takes out time from a flurry of interviews and posing for the shutterbugs.Vanya feels her life has completely changed after the win. \"I can feel the power and the popularity that has come with the title. I am enjoying the sudden attention that is being showered upon me,\" she exclaims.Though her childhood dream has been realised and the prestigious title is now hers, she still believes there is a lot more to achieve. While she is now readying herself for international pageant in a bid to bring home the coveted Miss World title, she still wants to complete her education. With a hectic schedule ahead of her, Vanya feels she really needs to strategise and plan ahead, and adds with a humorous touch, \"It's not bad to be educated.\"Talking about her favourites in Bollywood whom she would like to romance onscreen, the pretty woman says, \"I would love to be cast opposite Ranbir Kapoor some day.\" When probed further, Vanya admits to already feeling the pressure to bring home the Miss World title. But for now, she is extremely excited about the grand welcome that she is all set to receive in her home town Chandigarh. \"They just want to know when I am coming back to Chandigarh. Days are busy, but I am not complaining,\" she signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12531283", "title": "Samir is like a brother to me says Ayaz Khan", "text": "Television show Parichay has been ranked among the top shows on Colors at the moment, due to its perfect portrayal of household saga.And actors Samir Soni and Ayaz Khan who play brothers and are always at loggerheads have quite a large fan-following. The not-so-friendly brothers, however, seem to have the exact opposite equation in real life. Says Ayaz, \"Samir and I are old friends. We have a lot of fun working together on the sets; we sometimes even have lunch together. He is like a brother to me.\"Seems like it is this real life bonding that helps the actors to comfortably deliver the love-hate equation on screen.Apart from television, Ayaz who had previously left a mark among the audiences for his performance in Jaane Tu Ya Jaane Na will next be seen in David Dhawan's Chasme Buddoor .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12525718", "title": "Cops trace missing child in 48 hours", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bhandup police on Tuesday arrested a 30-year-old woman 48 hours after she allegedly kidnapped her neighbour's two-and-a-half-year-old son from the Rajiv Gandhi Nagar locality in Bhandup (west) on April 1.Accused Fatima Khan reportedly kidnapped the boy, Abdul Khan , to make him beg at railway stations and earn through him. The accused was caught from Bhandup railway station on Tuesday. Abdul's father Niyaz Khan (28), in his complaint to the police, said, \"Her house was found locked after the incident and she had been seen playing with Abdul minutes before he was kidnapped.\" Cops said Fatima's role in the kidnapping was confirmed when she did not return to her home for two days.During the probe, Fatima told the police she had taken the toddler to Andheri after kidnapping him and had made him beg there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12525412", "title": "Army Vice Chief, defence officials likely to face House panel today", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Vice Chief of Army Staff Lt Gen S K Singh and senior officials of the ministry of defence (MoD) could face several hostile questions regarding the military preparedness and alleged corruption in the Tatra deal on Wednesday, when they appear before the parliamentary standing committee on defence.Sources said Lt Gen S K Singh could be appearing before the standing panel, where the demand for grant for the military was slated to be the official agenda. However, in the wake of recent controversies kicked up by Army chief Gen V K Singh's startling disclosures, the meeting could focus on the Army's poor preparedness. Besides, discussions could centre on Gen Singh was offered a Rs 14-crore bribe by a retired Army general for clearing the purchase of \"sub-standard\" Tatra trucks.The committee members are concerned about Gen Singh's claim that military preparedness was at an \"alarming level\", when the Army and ministry leadership has been regularly telling them that force was ready to protect the country.In the last two years, the MPs were told that the military spending was on course, and that in 2010-11 they were able to exhaust the entire budget after several years. In 2011-12, save for Rs 3,000 crore of the Army's capital allocation, the Services spent the entire sum. The Army chief's recent letter to the PM about the poor state of affairs flies in the face of such assurances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12529080", "title": "Pak-Canadian jailed for 14 years for helping Sikh militant group", "text": "NEW YORK: A 50-year-old Pakistani-Canadian has been sentenced to 14 years in jail for providing material support to the Sikh militant group Khalistan Commando Force, blamed for carrying out assassinations and bombings in India.Khalid Awan was convicted in 2006 by a US federal jury in Brooklyn for providing financial aid to Khalistan Commando Force (KCF).In 2007, Awan was given a 14 year prison sentence, which was vacated by the Second US Circuit Court of Appeals.The appeals court had ordered a lower court to consider handing him a longer sentence for a \"terrorism enhancement\" after prosecutors filed an appeal.Awan was re-sentenced on Tuesday to 14 years' imprisonment by federal judge Allyne Ross on the terrorism charges.\"During yesterday's sentencing proceeding, the district court found that all three of Awan's crimes intended to promote crimes of terrorism, and imposed a prison sentence of 14 years,\" the Justice Department said.In a statement, the FBI said KCF comprises Sikh militants seeking a separate Sikh state in Punjab and has been responsible for thousands of deaths in India since it was founded in 1986.The organisation has engaged in numerous assassinations of prominent Indian government officials -- including that of Chief Minister Beant Singh of Punjab in 1995 -- and hundreds of bombings, acts of sabotage, and kidnappings.The US Attorney's Office and the FBI began investigation against Awan in 2003 after an inmate at the Metropolitan Detention Center in Brooklyn, where Awan was jailed on federal credit card fraud charges, reported that Awan boasted of his relationship with Paramjit Singh Panjwar, KCF's leader and one of the 10 most wanted fugitives in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "rajkot/ahmedabad", "code": "12527267", "title": "Bhuj-Bareilly Express train derails", "text": "RAJKOT/AHMEDABAD: Passengers travelling in Bhuj-Bareilly Express had a narrow escape when the train's engine, three coaches and a luggage wagon derailed at about 11.10 am after overshooting the Bhuj station in Kutch district on Tuesday.Upon approaching the station, the driver had applied brakes, but the train overshot Bhuj station and jumped the tracks after the deadend, said sources, adding that the train was late by half-an-hour even as some passengers had resorted to chain pulling. The driver had even applied emergency brakes, but it failed to work.Preliminary reports said the brakes of the engine had failed near Ratnal village about 25 km from Bhuj. Railway authorities have ordered an inquiry into the incident and suspended driver Hari Prasad and guard Anil Kumar Kataria.Divisional railway manager Rakesh Bhel, who was in a meeting in Mumbai, rushed to the spot along with a team of experts.A senior officer said passengers had realized that something was wrong as the train had overshot the signal at Anjar. But the driver continued to move ahead towards the destination.The officials said that since the incident occurred away from the main track, the movement of other trains was unaffected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12526443", "title": "Corruption alleged in State Fisheries Department", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Several institutions under the State Fisheries Department were derailing the objectives of the department and plunging the fisher folks across the state into abject poverty, alleges Kerala Swathanthra Malsyathozhilali Federation.In an article published in the latest edition of 'Alakal,' the official mouthpiece of the federation, the federation said almost all institutions that successive governments had set up under the fisheries department have failed to solve the problems faced by the fishing community.According to the federation, the Fisheries Resources Management Society (FIRMA) has become a centre for corruption and extravaganza. The society that was set up to bring out qualitative changes in fishing sector by promoting prudent use of science and technology was focusing on aqua shows and the like. \"The society has become a place for squandering the state's wealth and nepotism crosses all limits in there. The institution is specializing in arranging foreign trips to government secretaries. Despite several complaints and allegations, the institution continues to be a white elephant,\" the article said.\"The proposals to set up Aqua Park and Oceanarium were neither feasible nor suitable for the state. The Kerala Aqua Venture International Limited (KAVIL) has been functioning as a loss-making venture for some time now. Since the government has only 40% share in the company, the accounting procedures are not transparent. Government has already given Rs 10 crore to the company in cash. The 60% shares of the company are in the hands of a few people. The company started functioning with assets worth Rs 5 crore. Value of the company's assets has now crossed Rs 100 crore. The government has handed over large parcels of fertile lands to the company, without making any proper studies,\" the federation alleged.\"Similarly, the fisheries department is learned to have drawn up a Rs 30 crore worth project for removing water hyacinths of which, Rs 7 crore has already been spent for the purpose in Ernakulam district alone. The procedures adopted by the department to assess the work have many loopholes. Though district level committees have been formed to assess the quantum of the work, such committees seldom meet. The whole programme reeks with corruption,\" the federation said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12525413", "title": "Couple jailed for abusing minor maid", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has sentenced a couple to two years' rigorous imprisonment for ill-treating their minor maid and locking her up inside the house for days.Chief metropolitan magistrate Vinod Yadav held Sunil Kumar Jha and his wife Jhalki Devi guilty of offences under Sections 323 (voluntarily causing hurt) and 344 (wrongfully confining the maid for more than 10 days) while also slapping a fine of Rs 6,000 each on the couple.The court's order has come at a time when the shocking reports of a doctor couple allegedly locking up their 13-year-old maid in their flat without food while going on a vacation to Bangkok are doing the rounds in the capital. The court's ruling has set a precedent for the people who ill-treat their help.Yadav also directed the couple to pay a compensation of Rs 20,000 to the victim with a direction that on failing to pay the amount, the couple would have to spend three more months in jail.The case had come to the light after a petition was filed by the owner of a placement agency in the Delhi high court seeking production of one of his employees. CBI sources claimed that in the petition, the man said the couple, residents of Uttam Nagar, had hired two girls as their maid servants from his placement agency. One of the girls, however, had come to his agency and told him that she had run away from the couple's house as they used to beat her up and did not let her go out of the house. She also said the other girl had disappeared and she suspected that the couple had sold her off.Asking the investigating agency to find the girl and produce her before it, the high court directed the CBI to investigate the case of ill-treatment of the other girl. A case was then registered by CBI on June 7, 2010, on the allegation that Jha and his wife confined the minor maid servant to their house and beat her up often. CBI filed a chargesheet in October 2010 before chief metropolitan magistrate Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12529918", "title": "Who is Hafiz Saeed?", "text": "India's tormentor-in-chief Hafiz Muhammad Saeed , born in 1950, is the head of the Jama'at-ud-Da'wah, a charity organization that is widely considered to be a cover organization for Pakistan's deadliest terror group Lashkar-e-Taiba. He now carries a $10 million bounty on his head, after the US announced this reward for the capture or information leading to the capture of Saeed, making him one of the most wanted terrorists in the world. The US has $25 million on the head of Ayman al Zawahiri, the head of Qaida after the killing of Osama bin Laden , making him the most wanted terrorist in the world. Saeed is in the second rung - he joins the ranks of Mullah Omar and the Qaida chiefs of Iran and Iraq, all of whom carry a reward of $10 million.Born in Sargodha to a conservative Pakistani Punjabi family, Hafiz Muhammad Saeed's family lost 36 of its members when migrating from Shimla to Lahore during Partition. Sent to Saudi Arabia in the early 1980s by the university where he was teaching for higher studies, he met Saudi Sheikhs who were taking part in the Afghan jihad. They inspired him to take an active role supporting the Mujahideen in Afghanistan. In 1987 Hafiz Saeed founded Markaz Dawa-Wal-Irshad, a group with roots in the Jamait Ahl-e-Hadis. This organization spawned the jihadist group Lashkar-e-Taiba in 1990.LeT, and principally Saeed, are accused of planning and executing the 26/11 terror attacks in Mumbai with the help of Pakistan's spy agency, ISI. Under Saeed's watch, Lashkar-e-Taiba has grown to become a terror group that rivals al-Qaida in its reach and lethality. Although primarily focused against India, LeT, which has links with the ISI (some claim it has been nurtured by it) has reached European and Australian shores.The US says the bounty on Saeed is a result of his role in the 26/11 attack in 2008, in which six Americans were also killed. Hafiz Saeed has consistently defended himself, stating that he has nothing to do with the Mumbai attacks and had no links to the terror group. When asked of the bounty on his head, Saeed replied \"I am living my life in the open and the US can contact me whenever they want.\" Saeed also accuses the US of trying to pacify India by issuing a bounty on his head.The UN Security Council declared his Jamaat a terrorist organization in December 2008, a month after the 26/11 attacks. Facing intense international pressure, Pakistan was forced to ban the organisation. Saeed was placed under house arrest for several months but was eventually released after he challenged his detention in court. Pakistan has, since, resisted Indian demands to act against him, saying it doesn't have the necessary evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12526313", "title": "Confederation of Indian Industry condemns Kerala State Electricity Board power restriction plan", "text": "KOCHI: The Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) has termed the Kerala government's decision to agree to the proposal of the Kerala State Electricity Board (KSEB) for a power restriction of 20% on high-tension (HT) and extra high-tension (EHT) customers as irrational and unfavourable.\"There is widespread demand for revoking this proposal for power restrictions as it will be a severe blow to many industries already reeling under high tariff rates and unfavourable business environment. We will write to the government of Kerala not to enforce this proposal and allow some time to come up with suitable alternative measures to counter the current power shortage in the state,\" CII said in a statement. It also said that any restrictions should be limited to 5% for April and May 2012.\"The restrictions will have a dampening effect on industries, which will in turn, hamper their growth and expansion plans in the state. It will send a wrong signal to potential investors willing to invest in Kerala,\" said V K Mathews, chairman of CII's Kerala chapter and executive chairman of IBS Group. He urged KSEB to develop strategies to manage available power resources in a more efficient manner.\"Higher energy and demand requirements during March are normal. Daily energy consumption which crossed 63 million units during the time of the SSLC and Plus 2 exams has fallen to 58 million units. The requirement is likely to come down further,\" said Umang Patodia, chairman of CII's Taskforce on Power and managing director of Patspin India Ltd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12527428", "title": "Will Ashok Chavan be next to be arrested by the CBI?", "text": "MUMBAI: A week ago, a high-level CBI team arrested former Mumbai collector and current finance (expenditure) secretary Pradeep Vyas in the Adarsh scam. On Tuesday, former BMC chief Jairaj Phatak and former urban development secretary Ramanand Tiwari were arrested. With such high-profile arrests, the question now is who will be next on the CBI's radar.Five of the 14 named in the CBI FIR have not yet been arrested, including former chief minister Ashok Chavan and former principal secretary Subhash Lala. All 14 have been booked for conspiracy , cheating, forgery for the purpose of cheating, using forged documents as genuine and, above all, abusing their official positions.Though the CBI could not be contacted on the issue, top bureaucrats and politicians observed that they would not be surprised if Chavan was detained next. \"No one expected that Vyas, Phatak or Tiwari would be arrested. Since Chavan too has been named in the FIR, we would not be surprised if he is either detained or called for questioning. According to reports, the CBI has already recorded his statement. The statements of other former chief ministers, Vilasrao Deshmukh and Sushilkumar Shinde , have also been recorded, but as witnesses,\" said a senior bureaucrat.In the FIR, the CBI has alleged that Chavan, while revenue minister in 2000, became a member of a criminal conspiracy with Thakur, Wanchu and Gidwani and proposed to include civilians as members in the society with the ulterior motive of making his relatives members. Further, after the induction of civilian members, the land allotment got expedited by state officials. Chavan, while functioning as CM in July 2009, allegedly gave the society a 15% recreation ground concession, which was not allowed earlier. In turn, he allegedly got membership for close relatives.\"The CBI may detain Chavan. All will depend on the statements of Vyas, Phatak and Tiwari. So far, most babus have blamed the political leadership in their affidavits before the Adarsh judicial commission,\" said the bureaucrat.Significantly, a section of bureaucrats and leading politicians is blaming the commission for delaying the interim report on land ownership and the reported reservation for Kargil war heroes. \"If the commission submits that the land belongs to the state and that there was no reservation for Kargil war heroes , then it would benefit the government. But the commission is yet to submit the interim report,\" the bureaucrat said.A leading RTI activist said if the commission says that there was no reservation for Kargil war heroes, it would weaken the CBI case. \"In that event, the government can urge the Centre that since the property belongs to the state, it should investigate the dispute and keep the CBI off the probe,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "12527496", "title": "All 10 rivers in Tripura run dry", "text": "AGARTALA: The prolonged dry spell has made life terrible in Tripura. All the ten rivers of the state have become dry, affecting lift irrigation projects, potable water supply in urban localities and the lone hydel project-Dumbur.Power minister Manik Dey on Tuesday said that the state's own power generation has been reduced to 92 MW against the daily demand of 200 MW for the last two months due to water scarcity. \"We are procuring power from outside at a high rate but external supply is also dependent on thermal generation,\" Dey said, adding that almost all the hydel projects in the northeast have been closed; only one in Arunachal Pradesh is operational for two hours a day. Load shedding occurs for not more than 90 minutes in both urban and rural areas but if hydel power generation does not start soon, load shedding will increase, he said.Meanwhile, water supply in the Agartala Municipal Council (AMC) area, Udaipur, Amarpur, Sabroom, Belonia, Ranirbazar, Kumarghat and Kailashahar have been reduced to 30 minutes due to water shortage in rivers.\"About 60 per cent households of AMC are now procuring packed water for drinking purpose while deep tubewell is used for other domestic usages,\" said a DWS official here. They said tubewells are also affected as the ground water table has declined in most urban areas.Tripura has recorded about 40 per cent less rainfall in the pre-monsoon season. Since last October, there is no measurable rainfall recorded in Agartala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12527487", "title": "All Assam Students' Union heat on Secondary Board of Assam officials over exam goof-ups", "text": "GUWAHATI: The All Assam Students' Union on Tuesday said if there are any mistakes in the declaration of results of the Matric examination, senior officials at the helm of the Secondary Board of Assam (Seba) must tender their resignations.At a press conference held here, the students' body came down heavily on Seba and the Assam Higher Secondary Education Council (AHSEC) in the wake of the recent goof-ups in the course of the Matric and AHSEC examinations. The conference was held in collaboration with other school and college teachers' associations.On Tuesday, the students' body had a discussion with the chairman, secretary and examination officer of Seba, in which it highlighted the grievances of students over issuance of flawed admit cards and frequent change in examination dates because of distribution of wrong question papers.The students' body cited the example of Gogamukh, Kamalabari and Samata examination centres, where students have to reappear for the exam again just because of the \"negligence\" of some Seba officials. Aasu urged the board to find out a mechanism so that justice is meted out to those students.Serious anomalies were found in the question papers of general science, mathematics, social science and Arabic. It also cited mistakes in the HS examination.Aasu laid emphasis on the issuance of fresh admit cards without duplication, strong measures against those responsible for the fiasco at the three centres, correction of answerscripts only by experienced teachers, justice for the affected students and declaration of error-free results. \"We had a meeting with senior officials of the Board and we got an assurance from them that due action will be taken against those who are responsible for the confusion. We also got an assurance from them stating that if there are any mistakes in the declaration of results, they will resign. It is a serious matter and they mustn't play with the students' future,\" said Samujjal Bhattacharjee, adviser, Aasu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12526295", "title": "Tipsy pilots now risk losing licence", "text": "NEW DELHI: Cracking the whip on tipsy pilots, Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) has come up with stringent rules under which the licence of a cockpit crew would be suspended for three months for the first offence and cancelled for five years if he or she gets caught for the second time.This new rule has been put in place now by the DGCA after several pilots belonging to different Indian carriers were caught drunk in the pre-flight tests in the recent past.For the first offence, pilots would be kept off flying duty and his licence suspended for three months. The licence would be cancelled for five years if caught again.In case a senior pilot, like an instructor, examiner or a check pilot, is found drunk during the pre-flight medical examination, he would lose his position \"for at least three years in addition to the action\" already recommended, the rules said.Flight crew are not allowed to drink 12 hours before operating flights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12525948", "title": "Posh areas will face the sting", "text": "LUDHIANA: There will be no respite from the sting of heat and mosquitoes if you live in posh areas of the city. Thanks to the apathy of municipal corporation authorities. The civic body has begun fogging in the outskirts, slums and sensitive areas of the city completely ignoring the fact that last year most of the dengue and malaria cases were reported from posh localities.Currently, the corporation employees are conducting fogging using 10 machines during morning and evening hours, while 75 small fogging machines meant for each ward are not yet being used. Sources revealed that the MC officials were told to start fogging from April 1, but they first selected sensitive areas because they were not fully prepared to fog the entire city. Therefore, they decided to take up the posh areas after April 15.When contacted, joint commissioner and head of health branch, A S Sekhon said, ''It was difficult to clear the entire city of mosquitoes in one go, so we started with sensitive areas. Admitting that last year people residing in posh localities like Gurdev Nagar and Sarabha Nagar too had become victims of dengue, he said, ''We are conducting a study in these areas to know the reasons behind spread of disease and from April 15 onwards fogging with small machines would also begin.''However, residents have already started complaining about mosquitoes in their areas and are demanding prevention. ''When authorities are aware of the fact that every year dengue and malaria spread in the city, then why don't they plan in advance. Last year we had to suffer because of authorities' unpreparedness,'' said Shifali, a homemaker and resident of Gurdev Nagar.''The same story in repeated year after year in our locality and the authorities never come for fogging and this year too they are going to do the same,'' said Sohan Singh a businessman and resident of Basant City.''I have purchased two mosquito repellents because mosquitoes do not let me sleep at night. The MC should have started fogging in posh areas also,'' said Vinod Kumar, an educationist and resident of BRS Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12526294", "title": "Bihar failed to enforce fiscal discipline: CAG", "text": "PATNA: Fiscal management by the state government deteriorated in the financial year 2010-11 even though the issue had hit the headlines during 2009-10, if the CAG report on state finances for the year 2010-11 is to be believed.According to the report, during 2010-11, a total sum of Rs 7015.37 crore was withdrawn for expenditure through 12413 Abstract Contingency (AC) bills but only 109 Detailed Contingency (DC) bills amounting to a little over Rs 15 crore were submitted to the Accountant General (AG), Bihar. This means that the percentage of DC bills as against the AC bills was as low as 0.23%. In other words, this means that details of the expenditure of nearly Rs 6999 crore were not furnished to the AG.Incidentally, government funds for various purposes are first withdrawn through AC bills and after the expenditure is completed, final DC bills are required to be submitted.Another shocker is the fact that during 2010-11 fiscal year, Rs 2,749.82 crore (39% of the amount withdrawn in course of the year) was drawn in March 2011. Of this, Rs 937.75 crore was drawn during the last four days - from March 28 to 31. The CAG report remarks such a huge drawal of money in the last four days of the financial year indicated weak financial management and \"was fraught with the risk of misappropriation\".The CAG report was tabled in the state legislature on Tuesday by road construction department minister Nand Kishore Yadav . Later, principal accountant general R B Sinha talked to the media about his concern over the fiscal management in Bihar.The phenomenon of DC bills not fully matching the AC bills has been continuing in Bihar for years. The CAG report states of the Rs 25,331 crore drawn through 83,542 AC bills between 2002-03 and 2010-11, only 9,425 DC bills for Rs 2,755 crore were submitted to the AG.As on September 14, 2011, DC bills in respect of 74,117 AC bills for Rs 22,575 crore drawn between 2002-03 and 2010-11 were not submitted despite repeated requests, Sinha told the media.The CAG report highlights a declining trend of submission of DC bills over the years - from 26.08 % in 2002-03 to 0.23% in 2010-11.Revealing lack of internal control of the administrative departments in disbursal of fresh grants without submission of utilization certificates by the grantees, the CAG report said of the 21,129 outstanding utilization certificates of the grants-in-aid, 20190 outstanding certificates (95%) were more than nine years old. CAG had earlier pointed this out in its reports, but no improvement was noticed subsequently.The report also reveals Rs 14,474.03 crore of the budgetary provision of Rs 66,292.08 crore in 2010-11 remained unutilized.Of the 119 withdrawals amounting to Rs 1,350 crore sanctioned during 2010-11 from the Contingency Fund, at least 55 withdrawals amounting to Rs 680.92 crore were utilized on routine expenditure such as purchase of motorcycles, office expenditure and pay and allowances, the report said and pointed out the Contingency Fund is meant for meeting expenditure of unforeseen and emergency nature.The CAG report said 1,034 cases of defalcation, misappropriation, loss and theft involving Rs 409.15 crore were pending with departments concerned till March 2011. It said no detailed report in this regard was sent to the principal accountant general, Bihar, by the department heads and offices concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12526393", "title": "Probe fears douse pepper price fire", "text": "KOCHI: After months of continued price escalations, black pepper is falling in the Kochi spot market, ostensibly on news that the Forward Market Commission (FMC) has initiated investigations on prices of key farm commodities, including pepper.Pepper prices have fallen 11% in the last three weeks. Prices of ungarbled pepper in Kochi dropped to Rs 363 per kg on Tuesday from Rs 409 it commanded on March 17. Spices exporters and commodity traders have accused speculators of manipulating pepper prices higher in the last three months.Unbridled price rise of the crop over the past two months forced spices exporters to source pepper from other countries. \"When prices rise unnecessarily due to speculative activities, we move to other countries for sourcing,\" said Jojan Malayil, CEO of Bafna Enterprises. \"Prices in other major pepper producing countries are below that of India. For a kilogram of garbled pepper, the price is Rs 75 lower in Vietnam. Similarly, prices in Indonesia and Brazil are lower than in India,\" Malayil said.\"There are producers of value-added products in India who are sourcing from Vietnam. Currently, India and West Asia have overtaken the US and EU as major buyers from Vietnam,\" Jojan observed.According to a Geojit Comtrade report, \"Pepper futures are expected to trade lower on weak export demand for Indian pepper as Vietnam is offering the spice at a competitive rate in the global market. Currently, Indian parity is offered at around $8,500 per tonne higher compared to the Vietnam variety at $6,400 per tonne. Spot price for garbled and ungarbled pepper stood at Rs 39,500 per 100 kg and Rs 38,000 per 100 kg, respectively.\"Kerala is believed to produce between 20,000-22,000 tonnes of pepper per annum, of which 12,000 tonnes originate from Waynad and Kannur districts. AVT McCormick, Bafna Enterprises, Indian Products Ltd, Kishore Spices Co and Olam Agro India Ltd are the major exporters of pepper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12525923", "title": "Four dacoits arrested in Shahdol", "text": "BHOPAL: Four dacoits hailing from Chambal region's Morena district were arrested with three country made revolvers while they were allegedly planning to carry out a robbery in Shahdol district, police said.A sports utility vehicle (SUV) was also impounded from them. The same gang had allegedly robbed two jewellers in Shahdol district on March 23, Shahdol superintendent of police Sudhir Laad told TOI.He said three other members of the gang managed to flee. The SP said that the accused had allegedly robbed Manoj Soni and Kailash of 30 gm of gold and three kg silver besides other valuables, after kidnapping them. Later, they were released. \"We have recovered one-and-half kg silver and 15 gm of gold from their possession,\" he added.Efforts are on to arrest the other three members of the gang, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12525375", "title": "Govt, opposition welcome US bounty on Hafiz Saeed", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government and opposition in India welcomed a US announcement of a $10million reward for the capture of Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) chief Hafiz Saeed even as the wanted himself spewed venom on Washington's decision and Pakistan squirmed in embarrassment.Speaking to reporters, foreign minister S M Krishna said, \"It reflects the commitment of India and the United States to bring the perpetrators of the Mumbai terrorist attack to justice and continuing efforts to combat terrorism. It also sends a strong signal to LeT as also its members and patrons that the international community remains united in combating terrorism.\"The MEA spokesperson, Syed Akbaruddin said in a statement that the US decision had been conveyed to foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai on Monday. \"Foreign Secretary expressed India's sincere appreciation for the additional US step to target Hafiz Mohammad Sayeed and Abdul Rahman Makki as well as LeT.\"Home minister P Chidambaram said the fact that the US has finally recognized that Saeed and his organization LeT were involved in terrorist activities may prod Pakistan to take action against him. \"We hope it will put pressure on the Pakistan government to take action against him,\" he said, adding India would continue to compile information against Saeed.He pointed out that there was enough evidence to detain and interrogate Saeed, but \"Pakistan government was not doing its duty\".Asked whether the issue would be raised during President Asif Ali Zardari's day-long visit to India on Sunday, Chidambaram said it may not be the best occasion to raise this issue as he would be here for religious purposes. \"I don't know what the Prime Minister (Manmohan Singh) will say to Zardari,\" he said, adding India would continue to raise the issue on other occasions.BJP spokesperson Rajiv Pratap Rudy said all forces should work together to flush out terrorists from Pakistan. \"All forces should unite to ensure that terrorism and terrorists are flushed out from Pakistan,\" Rudy said. \"Terrorism is unacceptable to us. It is being sponsored from Pakistani territory against us. We have to collectively ensure that this is stopped.\"However, in Pakistan, Saeed was on TV lashing out against the US for putting a bounty on his head. Attributing it to his continuing protests to block NATO supplies through Pakistan, Saeed said, \"We are not hiding in caves for bounties to be set on finding us. I think the US is frustrated because we are taking out countrywide protests against the resumption of NATO supplies and drone strikes.\" He added, \"I believe either the US has very little knowledge and is basing its decisions on wrong information being provided by India or they are just frustrated\".An embarrassed Pakistan government was caught unawares by the US' announcement. Pakistan's interior minister Rehman Malik said they had not been consulted. Malik said Saeed had been put under house arrest but was given bail by the Supreme Court. \"We should have been taken into confidence as to what has happened,\" he said.The US Rewards for Justice programme has put a reward of $10 million for information leading to the capture of Saeed, and $2 million for Abdul Rehman Makki, Saeed's brother-in-law and co-founder of LeT. In Pakistan, Yahya Mujahid, a spokesperson for JuD, the charitable arm of LeT, was quoted as saying the US decision was against Islam. \"Hafiz Saeed and Hafiz Abdul Rehman Makki are the most popular religious leaders of the motherland of Pakistan and their relief and religious activities are not hidden from anyone,\" the JuD spokesperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12526174", "title": "Techie rams car into pushcarts, 3 hurt", "text": "HYDERABAD: Three persons were injured when a software engineer rammed his car into roadside pushcarts at Kothapet on Tuesday.At around 7.30 am, K Varun Kumar, 26, an employee with Microsoft Corporation , Gachibowli, was returning home after night shift when he crashed his vehicle into pushcarts near the Kothapet fruit market, police said.\"While driving the car, Varun might have dozed off as the vehicle veered off the road and rammed into pushcarts belonging to fruit vendors,\" Chaitanyapuri sub-inspector B Prabhakar said.Two fruit vendors, M Tulsiram, 21, his brother M Hanumantu, 23, and an auto driver, Mohammed Rafiq, 48, who were near the pushcarts, suffered injuries.The car came to a halt after crashing into a boulder lying behind the pushcarts. The victims were rushed to nearby hospitals and, according to the police, all of them were out of danger. Police took Varun into custody and a case was slapped against him under section 337 (causing hurt by an act which endangers human life) and 338 (causing grievous hurt by an act which endangers human life) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12526440", "title": "A correction", "text": "The April 2 Times of India edition carried an article 'Sitting on disaster', detailing the inadequacy of firefighting systems in some private markets in Kolkata. A picture of Bagri market was erroneously published when it was meant to be Bagmari market. The error is regretted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12527176", "title": "Examiners can\u2019t take papers home", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Panjab University's evaluation system appears to be punctured by the easygoing attitude of its evaluators. In an odd incident, a teacher who was allotted answer books for evaluation in the January this year, failed to return them till March. PU's controller of examination collected the same from the evaluators' residence.Teachers, from university and colleges, whose names are recommended by the board of studies of respective subjects by PU, would no longer have the leisure to check answer sheets at home. Learning lessons from the sloppy attitude of certain evaluators, \"table marking\" will be made mandatory from the next semester.In wake of the incessant delay in declaring results of certain postgraduate courses in colleges by more than two months, the examination department took this decision on Tuesday.Incidentally, the matter has been creating ripples ever since it was highlighted by vice-chancellor R C Sobti in the senate meeting on Saturday.\"Even if one paper is delayed, the entire result of 5,000 students of a subject cannot be announced. We will ensure that all evaluators check answer books on campus. Table making will be ensured. We could not enable it in the last semester due to certain hitches,\" said A K Bhandari, controller of examination-cum-registrar.The issue, however, was faced with stiff opposition by teachers at the senate, who demanded a higher remuneration for evaluation of answer books.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12527446", "title": "Cops\u2019 alleged negligence to be probed", "text": "PUNE: Home minister R R Patil on Tuesday directed the state criminal investigation department (CID) to conduct an inquiry after Congress MLC Mohan Joshi accused the Pune police of negligence in handling the murder case of 15-year-old Shubham Shirke, who was kidnapped on Saturday by three boys and done to death for ransom.Joshi said in the state legislative council that the victim's family had initially called the police control room telling them about their son's kidnapping, but they did not receive the required response . Joshi said that the victim's family also failed to get the required response from Bhosari police. It was the Vishrantwadi police that came to their rescue by responding swiftly and cracking the case within a day.The three boys were allegedly inspired by a crime series on the TV. Joshi demanded a ban on such programmes.Replying to Joshi's allegations , Patil said that he has directed the CID to submit its report within 15 days and assured to take action against erring policemen if they were indicted in the inquiry. Patil also assured Joshi that the state government will take up the issue of banning such TV serials with the Central government.On police housing colonies, Joshi demanded that for demolishing and reconstructing old colonies , an extra floor space index (FSI) should be given besides a provision for accommodating retired policemen be made. Patil announced that the government has made a budgetary provision of Rs 170 crore to undertake repair work in police colonies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12525661", "title": "Auditor blames low octroi for Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation's losses", "text": "MUMBAI: A report by the municipal chief auditor has revealed irregularities in the collection of octroi, resulting in losses for the civic body.The report, dated August 6, 2011, states that the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has been incurring losses for the last five years after the assessor and collector department reduced octroi rates for 96 items such as diamonds, pearls and precious stones in May 1, 2007.This is the second time in the last seven days when an internal note has been made public, causing embarassment to the BMC. Last week, a note by the CA (finance) surfaced and left the civic body red faced as it exposed the contractor-corporator nexus in ward-level civil works.The report has been brought to light by MNS corporator Sandeep Deshpande, who claims the civic body has lost revenue to the tune of Rs 6,000 crore.\"The existing Octroi Schedule H and H-1 was revised just to maintain the uniformity in the description of article and not to change the existing octroi rates of articles. This means that the tax department tweaked the law and charged lower octroi for goods which were not exempt. It is surprising to see that the entire goof-up went on unnoticed in front of the standing committee and that no action was taken in the last five years,\" he said.The former auditor observed that lower rates were declared in case of nearly 96 articles without the sanction of the state government. Another report from the auditor's department exposes the reduction in octroi rates from 2% to 0.01% on daimonds, pearls and other semi-precious stones. The exemption was only applicable to parties availing Export Promotion License and was wrongly extended to other importers, resulting in a recurring loss of revenue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12525334", "title": "'What he has done to my sister is monstrous, she has been a victim always'", "text": "NEW DELHI: The tragic death of Yashkar Sinha and his wife, Archana, has left two families in mourning. In Archana's family, however, grief is mixed with seething rage over what they allege their daughter had to put up with all these years. They say the couple had a rocky relationship and Archana didn't want a child because of the uncertainty of it all.The family is now portraying their son-in-law as one who had been living off his wife's earnings for years. \"What he has done to my sister is monstrous. She has been a victim at every stage,\" says Archana's brother, Jatindra. \"He had told us he was an IAS officer but that turned out to be false - we found out a long time after the marriage. He would fight everywhere he went and stayed in our house for more than two months without a job. My mother's pension and sister's earnings from dance classes helped run the household.\" Archana would travel to northwest Delhi twice a week to conduct dance classes and had started another class in Sadiq Nagar to deal with her financial situation, he claimed.Yashkar's family has rubbished all talk of a financial crisis. \"We do not buy Delhi Police's explanation at all as Yashkar did not face any financial crisis. They were just two people and both were earning enough. They lived in a government flat. We believe there was some foul play and that it is related to Yashkar's work as he was a very honest and upright officer,\" says Yashkar's elder brother, Pushkar Sinha.Sinha points out that Yashkar was with the allied services and the couple had a love marriage. \"It was a love marriage and they had chosen each other and the matter had been settled with the blessings of the elders. Yashkar never took any money from Archana's family as it was against his principles,\" he claims.Archana's family, however, doesn't have any kind word for Yashkar. They recall how he lived in Archana's paternal home from March 2006 to May 2009. \"He went off to Mumbai to work with the film censor board in 2005 but returned in less than a year after he fought with the people in his office. He then lived in our Derawal Nagar house till December 2008 without any salary. My mother's pension and my sister's salary went towards running the household. He finally got a job in December 2008 and then moved to Faridabad to study in National Institute of Financial Management. He had arguments there too,\" says Jatindra.After marriage, the couple lived in Noida, Mumbai, Derawal Nagar, Faridabad and again at Derawal Nagar before they finally moved to their Hudco Place transit flats in late 2011. \"She first lived in Noida with him for a month after the marriage and then moved to Mumbai where he was posted for less than a year. They then returned and lived with is in our Derawal Nagar house for more than two years. In 2009, Archana shifted into the married persons' hostel in NIFM, Faridabad, while Yashkar studied there. They returned to our house in April 2011 and then shifted to their current residence just four days before Diwali,\" recalls Jatindra.What Archana's family doesn't deny is that Archana stood by her husband. \"She was loyal and devoted to Yashkar though he deceived her and lost his job. He would often act abnormally when his blood pressure shot up. But we never thought he would take such an extreme step. I'm sure that my poor sister unsuspectingly continued to support him till the last minute. She even conducted her dance class in a public school in Ashok Vihar on Thursday, a day before her brutal death,\" says Jatindra.Archana had been a spunky girl who would ride her Kinetic Honda to Noida for dance classes before she got married. The family describes Archana as an enthusiastic dancer who had started learning Bharatnatyam when she was 13 years old. \"When she was 20 years old, she would ride daily to Noida and back as she was very committed to her art. She joined DU's IP College for graduation and then completed it through correspondence. She did a course in journalism from YMCA and learnt dance in Mumbai from Kamal Hassan's elder sister. She would perform regularly in stage shows,\" recalls the brother fondly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12530014", "title": "Cloud over Microsoft, Infosys, Wipro campuses in Andhra Pradesh", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a decision that jeopardizes land allocated to corporates and institutions such as Microsoft, Wipro , Infosys , Emaar, Indian School of Business and Lanco, the Andhra Pradesh high court on Tuesday refused to entertain petitions that challenged the power of the Andhra state wakf board to notify 1,650 acres of in Manikonda village of Ranga Reddy district as wakf land.The court asked the companies to approach the tribunal on wakf disputes to challenge the wakf board's decision. It also refused to vacate the injunction order given by the wakf tribunal earlier which restrained the private companies from any land transaction in this respect. Some companies, including Lanco and Emaar, have been using this land for real estate business.The companies are likely to approach the Supreme Court, contending that land was given to them by the government. Some of the petitioners have been arguing for long that the land was given to these companies at much below market prices and want the companies to cough up a fair value to the wakf board.The division bench of Justices V V S Rao and Reddy Kantha Rao held that when a statutory forum like the waqf tribunal established under the provisions of the Waqf Act is available, it is not proper for the state and other parties to file writ petitions in the high court, particularly when some interested parties have raised this issue before the tribunal and it was hearing the matter.\"We are not impressed with the submissions of the advocate general that the issues raised before the high court are beyond the purview of the jurisdiction of the tribunal,\" the bench said. \"The tribunal should independently decide the matter uninfluenced by the observations made by us during the course of the hearing of the case.\"The contention of the state and the private companies is that according to a notification issued in 1989, the waqf board owns only 5,500 square yards in the form of a dargah at Manikonda. However, according to them, on April 6, 2006, the board notified (through an errata to the gazette) an area of 1,650 acres around the dargah as land attached to the shrine and declared the entire area waqf property. The state contended this was illegal and beyond the powers of the board.Referring to several Supreme Court rulings, the HC bench headed by Justice Rao held the waqf board has powers under Sections 6, 7, 41, 83 and 85 of the Waqf Act to cause registration of wakfs or to amend registration of waqfs. The bench also told Akbaruddin Owaisi and Rehaman, the legislators who filed PILs, to implead themselves in the suits pending with the tribunal. The AP Waqf Board and Muslim community hailed the decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12526719", "title": "Jilted lover stabs girl, arrested", "text": "KANPUR: A jilted lover was arrested when he trying to escape after stabbing a girl outside a college in Rania in Ramabai Nagar district on Tuesday.The accused identified as Amar Singh alias Akhilesh, a resident of Ibrahimpur in Sarsaul waylaid the victim identified as Pratibha and attacked her with a sharp-edged weapon, leaving her critically wounded.According to the police, accused Amar is the nephew of Lal Singh, who plays 'dholak' in a bhajan mandali where Pratibha used to sing bhajans. \"Amar was forcing Pratibha to accept his proposal of marriage, since the past few months.Amar was regularly following Pratibha. On Tuesday afternoon, he waylaid her outside her college, where she had gone to appear for in the examination. He attacked her with a sharp-edged weapon.The girl was rushed to the district hospital for treatment. The boy also suffered injuries when he tried to escape in a tempo. A case under Section 307, 452, 504 of the IPC has been lodged against the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12525982", "title": "CPM-backed goons behind auto ruckus, says Partha", "text": "KOLKATA: The government warned of a crackdown on rowdism by autorickshaw operators even as at least two ministers accused the CPM of orchestrating the hooliganism on the streets that has held the city to ransom for two days.Transport minister Madan Mitra - who has his hands full with the taxi meter fracas and the auto ruckus - held an emergency meeting with police and INTUC representatives at Writers' Buildings on Tuesday. He and industries minister Partha Chatterjee later met chief minister Mamata Banerjee to apprise her of the situation.Chatterjee said that the government is not going to take it lightly and that the law will take its course. \"The government has observed that under the excuse of autos, CPM leaders are trying to bring back their 34 years of hooliganism. The higher secondary examinations are on, yet commuters have been dragged off buses. Everyone has the right to hold an agitation in a democratic matter but this is total anarchy. The government will not tolerate it,\" Chatterjee said after his meeting with the CM.A meeting has been convened with auto union members on April 8 at Salt Lake stadium to hear their demands and sort out the issue. \"Transport minister Madan Mitra has personally spoken with the auto unions. The hooliganism was triggered by CPM-sheltered goons and this will be sternly dealt with. The government is with the commuters,\" Chatterjee said.Mitra also accused the CPM of fomenting trouble. \"The common people have witnessed how goons patronized by CPM have been creating trouble for the past two days. About 80% of autos plying in the city are illegal. The auto drivers have been increasing fares on their own. This will be dealt with sternly,\" Mitra said. \"Auto operators have resorted to hooliganism. Many government buses were rampaged and several people, including women and children, were injured. The ruckus has been a targeted at the ongoing higher secondary examinations,\" he said, pointing out that it was not the state government that has increased LPG prices.He held an emergency meeting with by DG (traffic) Gautam Mohan Chakrabarti, joint commissioner (traffic) Supratim Sarkar, Intuc leader Dola Sen and transport department officials earlier in the day.Intuc leader Dola Sen, however, said that there were problems on \"only a few auto routes\". \"Most of the auto routes operated normally and there was trouble only on a few routes. This is condemnable. The Trinamool trade union does not support this,\" Sen said.She said that LPG price has gone up by Rs 10.50 in the last one and a half months. \"As of now, status quo will be maintained. Auto fares will not be increased. We have urged the government to talk with the Centre on this,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "12526419", "title": "Written test for lecturer post at Bhanja Vihar", "text": "Berhampur: The Berhampur University might conduct a written test for the post of lecturer. This will be followed by an interview. The syndicate of the university has made this recommendation to the vice-chancellor.If the decision is implemented then Berhampur university will become the first varsity in the state and few universities in the country to conduct both written examination and interview for the posts of lecturers. Most universities appoint lecturers by considering their educational background and interview.The syndicate took the decision so that good teachers are recruited and quality education provided in the university. \"The educational background of a candidate is not the sole criteria to be a good teacher. So we want to recruit lecturers through the written test and interviews,\" a syndicate member said.Vice-Chancellor J K Mohapatra has welcomed the decision. \"It was a unanimous decision of the syndicate and I welcome it. This will ensure that good quality teachers are recruited by the university,\" he said. Mohapatra said he would consider conducting written examination for the posts of lecturer if there are several applicants. The university is going to float an advertisement inviting applications for recruitment of 25 different posts, including lecturers, readers and professors soon, university sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12525372", "title": "Domestic help, friend held for Rs 1-crore heist", "text": "NEW DELHI: A domestic help and his associate were arrested for allegedly stealing jewellery worth Rs one crore and Rs 4 lakh from his employer's house. The accused have been identified as Narayan Sahani and Gopal Sahu.Platinum, diamond and gold jewellery worth Rs 1 crore and Rs 2.8 lakh have been recovered from them, said cops. On February 20 this year, Sahani broke into the house of Om Parkash Aggarwal in Ashok Vihar when the family had gone to Gurgaon. When Aggarwal returned, he found all jewellery and Rs 4 lakh missing from the house.Acting on a tip-off, police first went to Jaipur to arrest Sahani and Sahu. However, the duo had fled from there. During investigation, it was revealed that the two frequently crossed into Nepal from Bihar.\"Finally on Sunday, a police team nabbed Sahu. At his instance, Narayan was arrested from near the Indo-Nepal border in Madhubani, Bihar,\" Romil Baaniya, additional deputy commissioner of police, northwest district, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12526178", "title": "PU scholars given tips on opportunities in US", "text": "PATNA: The faculty members and scholars of Patna University (PU) are likely to get an opportunity to visit US universities under the academic exchange programme between India and the US. This understanding was reached after a detailed discussion held between PU academics and Fulbright Commission officials here on Tuesday.Addressing a meeting of heads of post-graduate departments, principals of colleges and officials of PU, Fulbright Commission senior programme manager Sudarshan Dash highlighted the Fulbright fellowship opportunities for study, research and teaching in the US. He informed that Fulbright-Nehru fellowships, jointly funded by the governments of India and the US, are meant for students, researchers, faculty members and professionals of states like Bihar where the talents have lesser opportunities of interaction. He said that scholars and faculty members from US would also like to visit PU.PU pro-vice-chancellor J P Singh, students' welfare dean Ejaz Ali Arshad and other officials, besides senior faculty members attended the meeting.Earlier, Dash visited NIT Patna on Monday to deliver an information lecture and have an interactive session with the faculty members there. He apprised the students and faculty members of various educational opportunities available for them in the US.Dash was welcomed by Sanjeev Sinha of civil engineering department. NIT's academic dean U S Triar, research and development dean Sudarshan Singh, registrar Vidyasagar and other faculty members of the institute participated in the interactive session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12526756", "title": "Ragging victim's father goes to Kerala police", "text": "BANGALORE: The death of Ajmal Haris, allegedly due to ragging by his seniors in his college hostel at Chikkajala last month, took a curious turn: his father, M Haris, has filed a complaint with the SP, Kannur district, in Kerala.Haris has accused Ajmal's seniors of forcibly taking away a gold chain from his son and selling it in a jewellery shop in Kannur.Haris accused Chikkajala police of toeing the college management's line, saying that some of Ajmal's seniors had pocketed a gold chain belonging to his mother, weighing around 40gm, and sold it at a store on Bank Road in Kannur. Ajmal was studying in Shashib College of Engineering in Chikkaballapur.Ajmal allegedly sustained burns in the bathroom of the college hostel on the night of March 22. He was rushed to Victoria Hospital, where he died on March 30.DCP (Northeast division) G Ramesh said investigation is on the right track and Chikkajala police will catch the culprits soon. \"The three suspects are on the run after they were questioned,\" he said.Investigations have so far revealed that another student, who also underwent the trauma of ragging, had left the college and returned to his hometown in Kerala last year. The student was denied his certificates as he did not pay Rs2 lakh before leaving the course, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12526943", "title": "Plan for wi-fi facility at Ripon Buildings delayed", "text": "CHENNAI: An ambitious project to provide wi-fi internet facility at Ripon Buildings, headquarters of the Corporation of Chennai, in an effort to improve the e-governance system has been delayed for more than three years.In 2009, Chennai-based Zylog Systems was selected to launch the project aimed at making the heritage building wire free and also to provide easy and faster internet access for civic officials. Nodes and antennae were installed but nothing has been done since then.Zylog Systems chief operating officer S Venkatesh told TOI they were willing to revive the project and were awaiting a nod from the civic body. \"We have decided to provide the facility without charging anything, but there has been no response,\" he said.Zylog had also offered to provide the facility at all the 15 zonal offices of the corporation. \"Earlier, we offered the facility at 256 kilo bytes per second (kbps) with unlimited downloads. Now, we can provide the speed according to the corporation's requirements,\" said Venkitesh.Some corporation officials blame the change in government for the delay of the project. \"The plan was delayed earlier because of the change in regime. Now, we will consider reviving it. It would be good if there is better internet accessibility in the corporation offices with good speed. It will also helps in the e-governance system of the civic body.\" said a corporationofficial.\"After the free laptop scheme announced by the government, there is a need for a secure and fast internet connectivity across the state. We have also introduced several security measures according to Telecom Regulatory Authority of India guidelines for the project to ensure that we can monitor and track it effectively,\" said Venkatesh.Zylog Systems also plans to make the entire city wi-fi-enabled, using selective buildings with the participation of residents' welfare associations to place wi-fi nodes on the roof tops. The company will also install nodes that occupy only 2 to 3 sq feet of space on the terraces of residential complexes. It plans to provide internet 'hot spots' at places like railway stations, bus stations, restaurants, etc., to enable people to use secure internet services with high speed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "12526798", "title": "Big cats claw back at poacher\u2019s haven", "text": "ITANAGAR: Despite unabated poaching of tigers at Namdhapa Wildlife Sanctuary &amp; Tiger Reserve (NWSTR) in Changlang district of Arunachal Pradesh , as many as 35 leopards and tigers have been spotted at the reserve through a camera trapping exercise.The exercise was carried out by Aaranyak, an NGO of Assam , with logistic support of NWSTR, from the first week of February to March 29 last, for a comprehensive report on tigers and their prey base at the reserve, field director SJ Jongsam said in a report.Four camp sites at Happy Valley, Hornbill Farm base with base camp at Deban, were set up inside the tiger reserve for the purpose. Altogether 80 cameras were installed in multiple locations, identified to be potential tiger habitats, covering almost 25 per cent of the total geographical area of the reserve.\"The consistent efforts of the team finally paid off when tiger pugmarks were sighted. Altogether 13 scat samples, suspected to be of tiger origin, have been sent for analysis to the genetic laboratory of Aaranyak in Guwahati,\" said Jongsam,The entire observation drill cost around Rs 19 lakh, which included procurement of stationery, camp equipment, ration and payment of wages to porters who were engaged to carry materials to various base camps, Jongsam added.While the sighting of the tiger bodes well for the eco-system of the reserve, frontline staff and members of Aaranyak faced immense problems, including firing at them by miscreants, at Bulbulia and Kodboi, and destruction of base camps.Jongsam said a well-equipped and regular Tiger Protection Force is essential in the park to tackle miscreants and poachers and to save the tiger population and its prey base. The reserve, spread over an area of nearly 2,000 sqkm, has only 60 employees. Capacity building and equipment upgradation continue to remain key concerns of the reserve management, who have to protect other animals declared as Schedule 1 species under the Wildlife Protection Act.Namdhapa, one of India's major biosphere reserves and a national park, came under Project Tiger in 1983 and is spread over 1,985 sq kms with a core area of 1,808 sq kms. It is the only reserve in India that is the home to four big cats.The 2010 tiger census, which had projected only 25 tigers - 11 in NWSTR and 14 in Pakke Tiger Reserve (PTR) in East Kameng district - has partially changed with the PTR already recording 17 big cats till the last count.One of the major threats faced by the NWSTR authorities is largescale poaching of the animal through planned strategy by 84 Lisu families, living in the core area of the reserve.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "panaji/margao", "code": "12526226", "title": "Day 2: Petrol pumps continue to run dry", "text": "PANAJI/MARGAO: On the second day of the petrol price reduction, long queues of vehicles continued to fill fuel drying pumps in the state.While the government was hopeful to normalize the petrol crises by Tuesday morning, most petrol pumps went dry by the end of the day.Goa used to consume three lakh litres of petrol per day for over one lakh vehicles.Sunil Masurkar, director, civil supplies and consumer affairs, said that there is no petrol crisis. It is just panic buying by customers because of rumours that the central government may increase the petrol price by 8 to 9.\"People should not panic and buy petrol. There is sufficient supply in the state\" said Masurkar.The long queues of two and four-wheelers were witnessed from Pernem to Canacona as most customers preferred to fill the tank.All Goa petrol pump owners' association president Paresh Joshi said that they did not expect such huge sales of petrol after VAT was reduced.\"Pumps in cities witnessed double sales on Monday while at a couple of pumps sale has jumped to three times and the same is likely to continue,\" said JoshiPetrol pump owners from Salcete pointed out that there was adequate stock at all times and that on Monday around 1,50,000 litres of petrol were sold across the ten odd petrol pumps based in Salcete. \"We anticipated the demand and people should not be worried as there is enough of stock,\" said Sanjit Naik Kurade, a pump owner.While the rush eventually decreased by Tuesday evening in South Goa, many customers believed that petrol prices would rise again due to the budget provisions of the Union government.John Godinho from Verna said, \"I just wanted to fill fuel regularly and due to the massive queues across petrol pumps on Monday I could not. But to my surprise I saw a big queue on Tuesday as well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12527358", "title": "34-year-old man dies of swine flu in Nashik", "text": "PUNE: After Pune, the swine flu virus reared its head in Nashik, with a 34-year-old man dying at the Civil Hospital on April 1. The man's throat swab report returned positive for the contagion on Tuesday. This is the first swine flu death reported outside Pune ever since the virus resurfaced in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad , claiming 11 lives since March 14. Meanwhile, 24 more people - 21 from Pune and three from Pimpri-Chinchwad tested positive for the infection on April 3.\"This is the first swine flu death outside the Pune district and the third in the state since April this year. Taking into account swine flu deaths occurring in March, the state's death tally has gone up to 12 since March 14,\" state epidemiologist Pradip Awate told TOI on Tuesday. This is almost after a year that Nashik has reported a swine flu death, with the last casualty being reported in May 2011.The deceased - Nandu Chavan of village Ajneri in Trambakeshwar taluka - had been in the isolation ICU of the Civil Hospital in Nashik since April 1. \"He died at 7.30 pm on the same day. His throat swab sent for testing returned positive for swine flu infection on April 3,\" Awate said. He had developed symptoms around March 26. Initially he got himself admitted to a private hospital, which in turn referred him to the Civil Hospital where he was admitted early on April 1. His condition deteriorated following which he died, Awate said.Meanwhile, the condition of three critically ill swine flu patients - two on ventilator support at different hospitals in Pune and one in Pimpri-Chinchwad - remains the same. Scientists at the National Institute of Virology (NIV) have seen 10% to 15% rise in swine flu cases in March. Incidentally, Mexico , which reported the first case of swine flu infection in the world, is also seeing an increase during this period since a pandemic shut down much of the country three years ago.\"The behaviour pattern of influenza viruses has been unpredictable. Hence, it is difficult to categorically pinpoint reasons. Prolonged winter, wide fluctuation in temperature, declining immunity level among people are among the contributing factors,\" said A C Mishra, director of NIV, a few days ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12527104", "title": "Mescom proposes, consumers dispose", "text": "MANGALORE: The 73-paisa hike in power tariff proposed by the Mangalore Electricity Supply Company (Mescom) met with strong opposition from consumer groups at the public hearing here on Tuesday. The decision on the tariff will be announced by the month-end.the Kanara Chamber of Commerce and Industry on the financial aspect, chartered accountant, S S Kamath said there should be no hike as the deficit was inflated and most of it was overheads. However, giving figures, Karnataka Electricity Regulatory Commission (KERC) chairman M R Srinivas Murthy rebutted it saying that according to the audited report, 80% was power purchase cost and the rest was overheads.Mescom sought an increase of 73 paise per unit of power across the board for all category of consumers for the financial year 2012-13, barring those who qualified for the government subsidy schemes such as Bhagya Jyothi,Kuteera Jyothi and Irrigation Pumpset users.At the public hearing conducted by the KERC, stakeholders including domestic consumers, farmers and members of the chambers of commerce and industries vehemently opposed the hike.KERC will conduct hearings ain Hubli, Gulbarga and Bangalore before April 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "12526392", "title": "Hikaka's wife, mother appeal for his safe and early release", "text": "KORAPUT: While appealing to Maoists not to harm her husband, Kausaliya, wife of the abducted MLA Jhina Hikaka has urged the state government to show sincerity in releasing her husband as it had done during the abduction of former Malkangiri collector R Vineel Krishna in February 2011.\"The government should deal with my husband's kidnapping with the same seriousness as it had shown during the abduction of Krishna and is also showing in case of the kidnapped Italian tourist. I appeal to the Maoists not to harm my husband,\" Kausaliya told TOI over the phone on Tuesday, who is reportedly suffering from high fever.Worried over no breakthrough in Hikaka's release even after 11 days of his abduction, the tribal legislator's mother Suabi Hikaka also appealed to the Maoists to release her son without harm on humanitarian ground. \"My son has never harmed anyone. He has worked for the tribals. Please free him,\" she said.Meanwhile, responding to the audio tape released by Maoists on Tuesday, in which they set April 5 as the deadline to the state government to fulfill their demands in exchange of the Laxmipur MLA, BJD MP of Koraput Jayaram Pangi has appealed to Maoists to extend the deadline and not to cause any harm to the abducted legislator.\"On behalf of all the elected representatives of the area, I appeal to the Red rebels to extend their deadline and not to harm the tribal legislator,\" Pangi told TOI after paying a visit to the aggrieved family of the abducted MLA at Laxmipur on Tuesday. \"The state government is considering all the demands put forth by the Maoists. Those which are within the reach of the government will be fulfilled but the government has very little to do over demands which are involved in legal process,\" he added.The MP admitted there has been no major headway in the MLA's release as the Naxals have not appointed any mediator to negotiate on the matter yet. \"Without any mediator it is very difficult to come to a solution in the hostage crisis. However, the government is watching the developments and we are hopeful of an early solution,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "12526830", "title": "NHRC reminder to Tripura on State Human Rights Commissions formation", "text": "AGARTALA: The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) issued remainder to Tripura government to constitute the State Human Rights Commissions (SHRC) as per the Human Rights Commission Act 2005.NHRC chairman justice K G Balakrishnan in a letter earlier this month asked chief minister Manik Sarkar to set up SHRC at the earliest to deal with complaints related to human rights violations in the state.Earlier, in September last year, the ministry of law and the NHRC had asked nine states, including Tripura, to constitute SHRCs. Even six months later, most states haven't complied with the directive, prompting the authority to issue a reminder.Jharkhand is the only state to have constituted the SHRC in the past six months as per the NHRC directive. The eight remaining states - Haryana, Uttarakhand , Arunachal Pradesh , Goa, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland and Tripura - still do not have SHRCs.Altogether, 20 states in the country, including Assam , Manipur and Sikkim in the northeast, have SHRCs at present.Opposition political parties, several civil society organizations and human rights bodies in Tripura have been demanding an SHRC since 2006, but the state government has not responded positively so far. As many as 24 cases related to human rights violation have been registered with the NHRC from Tripura.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12526900", "title": "Balmuchu petition against EC", "text": "RANCHI: The Congress nominee for Rajya Sabha election, Pradeep Kumar Balmuchu, on Tuesday filed a petition in the Jharkhand high court challenging the cancellation of poll by the Election Commission (EC). The EC cancelled the election after Rs 2.15 crore was seized from an MUV owned by an associate of independent candidate R K Agarwal on the day of polling.The money, allegedly to be used for horse trading, was seized by the income-tax department just hours before polling started last Friday. Advocate Sumit Gadodia who argued the case for Balmuchu said the EC has no authority to cancel the election.\"The commission can at most order for repoll, recounting or change of venue. It cannot cancel the election,\" said Gadodia. He further said that Balmuchu or any other candidate was not given an opportunity to explain their stand on the decision of the commission.\"The Congress candidate had even approached the commission and wanted to explain his stand as to why the election process should not be cancelled but he was not given a chance,\" said Gadodia, adding that this was against the spirit of natural justice and the Supreme Court order.The petition said: \"Parliament, by making amendments in the voting system, had adopted open polling system in 2003. The commission moved beyond its jurisdiction and made open voting by three MLAs - Visnhu Bhaiya, K N Tripathy and Suresh Paswan - as a ground to cancel the election. If the MLAs showed their vote even to people other than their polling agents of their own party, the election process cannot be cancelled,\" said Gadodia. He said that after hearing the argument, the division judge bench of Chief Justice Prakash Tatiya and Justice Apresh Kumar Singh reserved the order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12525829", "title": "Small industries' body seeks support", "text": "LUDHIANA: Federation of Punjab Small Industries Association (FOPSIA) requested minister of micro small and medium enterprises Virbhadra Singh to ensure that the 358 items that are to be supplied by the small scale manufacturers to the central ministries department and public sector undertakings are taken from them alone.In a letter written to the minister, association president Badish Jindal wrote that many of the medium and large scale manufacturers have been causing them losses by supplying the items they should be supplying according to the public procurement policy for micro and small enterprises (MSES) 2012. These items supplied by small scale industries include nuts and bolts, hand tools water tanks, steel furniture, cotton hosiery, blankets, diesel, engines up to 15hp, pvc pipes, cables, fire extinguishers, power inverters, garments and many electrical appliances.''Several government departments are defying the orders of the government and thus, a serious action should be taken against them. We have requested the ministry to organize special seminars to make the small manufacturers aware of their rights,'' said Jindal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12525603", "title": "25-yr-old Hyderabad woman goes missing from Dadar railway station", "text": "MUMBAI: A 25-year-old from Hyderabad, suffering from a mental illness, went missing from Dadar railway station while on a trip to Mumbairecently. The Dadar GRP circulated her photograph among their counterparts in a bid to trace her.Bharti Mudur and her parents travelled to Solapur for a wedding. Bharti's father, Venkatesh, Bharti and a relative, Vimal Kodi, decided to visit Mumbai.On seeing the crowds at Dadar, the trio cancelled their plans and decided to return on March 17. Around 10.30pm, Venkatesh and Vimal managed to board a train, but Bharti got left behind. They returned, but were unable to find Bharti. Since they were not fluent in Hindi, they returned without notifying the cops.Venkatesh then returned on March 24 with some relatives to file a missing complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "12526804", "title": "Himachal hoteliers may lose bar licence", "text": "MANALI: Travellers visiting Himachal Pradesh this summer may find all the hotels sans bars as hoteliers are finding it difficult to adhere to the new amendments in liquor license rule of the state Excise Act, which has provision of consumption of at least 296 boxes of liquor to uphold the license.According to HP Liquor License Rule, owners of all L-3 (bar in hotels), L-4 and L-5 (restaurants), who have license to sell liquor, would have to purchase minimum of 25 boxes of liquor every month to avoid cancellation of their license. Also, the bar owners would have to deposit 10% of the total cost of purchased liquor in advance towards security fee in the shape of FDR. This security would be forfeited if the owner would not purchase next lot of his essential quota.Saying that none of the hotels in the state is able to sell 296 boxes (3,552 bottles) of liquor in a year, hoteliers have rejected the government's decision outright which is being enforced from April 1. Demanding withdrawal of this rule, they have decided to agitate against the government. The Manali hoteliers' association has already forwarded a memorandum to the chief minister. The Shimla hoteliers association too has threatened to stage protest against the government. Hoteliers are having full support from the hotel and restaurant association of north India in their demand.\"It is not possible for hoteliers to sell 296 boxes in a year and they shall have to purchase this liquor only for the survival of bar licence, not for customers who cannot afford costly liquor of the hotel bars,\" the Manali hoteliers' association president Gajender Thakur said. He added that hoteliers are planning agitation if their demands are not met.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12526667", "title": "Rape accused on remand", "text": "KANPUR: The additional chief judicial magistrate, Ramabai Nagar, on Tuesday took rape accused Krishna Kumar alias Babloo under judicial custody and sent him to jail.Babloo was nabbed by the villagers when he was trying to dump an injured girl on the highway near Sikandara in Ramabai Nagar.The Sikandara police had produced the accused before the court in the afternoon.Meanwhile, a group of lawyers had planned to thrash the accused but the police acted swiftly and saved him.The girl was kidnapped by the accused from E block in Barra-8. The victim was sleeping with her parents in an open plot and Babloo kidnapped her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12526126", "title": "Goud may reveal damning details", "text": "HYDERABAD: Liquor syndicate's pointman B Balraj Goud's arrest on Monday may give sleepless nights to certain politicians, excise officials and police officers.Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) sources claim Goud could provide crucial details about the way liquor syndicate operates in the twin cities, Rangareddy, Mahbubnagar and Medak districts.ACB additional director K Srinivas Reddy confirmed that Balraj Goud had been arrested by their Special Investigation Team ( SIT). Goud is likely to be produced before a magistrate on Tuesday night or at the ACB special court on Wednesday.After the liquor scam came to light, ACB sleuths raided Balraj Goud's syndicate office in Chikkadpally on December 16, 2011, and seized incriminating documents proving his involvement in irregularities while operating the syndicate. Based on the evidence, a case was booked against Goud by the ACB on January 25 and since then he had been absconding.Subsequently, ACB sleuths had issued a Lookout Circular against Goud so that he could not leave the country. After that, Goud reportedly called up the ACB officials several times saying that he was willing to surrender. \"However, everytime our team went to the location specified by Balraj Goud, he never showed up,\" an ACB officer said.On Sunday, Goud again called up the ACB sleuths saying that he would surrender in Bangalore on Monday. However, instead of surrendering, he boarded Yashwantpur-Kolkata Duranto express.Eventually, the ACB officials kept track of him and nabbed him when the train was about to enter Chittoor district. ACB sleuths said he was on the way to Kolkata. The sleuths added that the CBI's Bangalore unit was also looking for Balraj Goud in a cheating case. Goud had allegedly duped a national bank to the tune of Rs 20 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12524659", "title": "An unplugged water leak for 20 years!", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as water scarcity persists in parts of Nagpur city, there are at least a dozen places where water pipelines leak thousands of litres every day with no action from authorities. Surprisingly, in some areas, particularly in Shanti Nagar in Satranjipura zone, the leaks have been around for two decades without civic authorities taking any action.On Tuesday, TOI spotted two places in this part of the city where thousands of litres of potable water is going down the drain due to leaks in major pipelines. Nearby residents said these leak have been around since two decades and despite many complaints water works department officials have not initiated measures to check the water wastage. With no effort to check water leakage, the people are left in the lurch, say residents.Near Shanti Nagar police chowky, the pipeline is leaking from a joint, with a fountain of potable water sending thousands of litres down the drain.Here, an enterprising cycle repair shop owner has constructed a channel to collect the water in an earthen pot. Nearby slum dwellers take drinking water from this leak, the shop owner said. \"The pipe here has been leaking for more than two decades, because the joints were never tightened properly,\" said another resident Vishal Chauhan.Just 500 meters from this spot, there is another similar spot. At Mudliyar Layout, the leaking pipe is spilling around 1,000 litres per hour. Interestingly, nearby residents have constructed a cement tub at the spot, and stray animals come to drink water here.Residents of North Nagpur, where water shortage has made lives miserable, are angry to see water going waste like this. Rakesh Ikhar and Kalabai Patil, both residents of North Nagpur, who had raised the issue of water shortage in their residential localities on Monday, wondered why the water works department is not taking measures to plug leaks to check the colossal waste.Mayor Anil Sole said on Tuesday he was shocked to know that the pipeline in Shanti Nagar has been leaking for more than two decades. He said that wastage of such a huge quantum of potable water will not be tolerated and promised to look into the matter.Deputy engineer (water works), Satranjipura zone CG Dhakate admitted that potable water is leaking from these pipelines. He had a bizarre explanation though, \"Most supply pipes in Nagpur are very old. Sealing leaks is a difficult proposition in such a network.\"What he appeared to convey was that repairing these small leaks might raise water pressure in the rusted pipes and cause them to burst somewhere else. He also pointed out that they usually allowed a certain quantity of water to drain so that the pressure in pipes remains under control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12527110", "title": "NMP registers 4.42% growth in cargo handling", "text": "MANGALORE: The New Mangalore Port (NMP) has registered a growth of 4.42% in cargo handling in 2011-12. The port handled 32.94 million tonnes in the last financial year as against 31.55 million tonnes in 2010-11.The growth is mainly due to increase in handling coal, petroleum, oil and lubricants (POL) crude, edible oil, timber, granite, containers.The port has also seen an increase in number of vessels handled in 2011-12 to 1136 from 1,097 over the previous fiscal, NMPT chairman P Tamilvanan said here. Briefing reporters on the port's annual performance in 2011-12 on Tuesday, Tamilvanan said the port achieved the growth despite a big slump in handling of iron ore fines and iron pellets from KIOCL, which accounted for a negative growth of 22.20% and 18.60% respectively.Even POL products handled for MRPL showed a negative growth of 1.49%, he said, adding that there was a steady and appreciable growth in other forms of cargo handled last fiscal.While cargo imports accounted fosr 23.68 million tonnes (MT) of cargo handled during 2011-12, a growth of 12.43% compared to 2010-11 when the port handled 21.07 MT, exports in the last fiscal registered a negative growth of 11.70% with the port handling 9.26 MT compared to 10.48 MT handled in 2010-11. The port had handled 31.55 MT in 2010-11 as against 35.52 MT handled during 2009-10, to register a negative growth of 11.20%.The bright spot in cargo handling last fiscal came when NMP emerged as the largest LPG handling port among major ports in India by handling a record quantity of 2.07 million tonnes, Tamilvanan said. Container traffic handled at the port consistently increased by 12.08% by handling a record number of 45009 TEUs as against 40158 TEUs in 2010-11. The port also registered newer highs in handling coffee, raw cashew, wax candles, edible oil, and project cargo.Facilities provided by the port also impressed cruise line operators that saw port handle a record of 17 cruise vessels with 10,620 passengers in 2011-12 as against 14 vessels with 5,854 passengers in 2010-11.All this has ensured that the port would cross Rs 300 crore revenue mark for fifth the consecutive year with net surplus that is expected to be more than Rs 100 crore. He added that the port had repaid government loan of Rs 40.26 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12526156", "title": "Railways to run summer special trains", "text": "PATNA: The railways would run two summer weekly special trains on the Guwahati-Lucknow and Dibrugarh-Chandigarh routes from April 5 to June 28 to cope with rush of passengers during summer. According to ECR CPRO Neeraj Ambastha, Guwahati-Lucknow weekly special train (05639-05640) will run every Thursday at 1.15 pm from Guwahati via Barauni-Muzaffarpur reaching Lucknow next day at 8 pm on Friday. On its return journey, it will leave Lucknow every Friday at 11.30 pm and it will reach Guwahati on Sunday morning at 7.05 am, he said. Similarly, Dibrugarh-Chandigarh weekly special train (05903-05904) will run on every Friday from Dibrugarh while it will leave Chandigarh on every Sunday on its return journey, the CPRO said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12525680", "title": "'Emergency medical services are the need of the hour'", "text": "Had hours not been lost in admitting Shivani Rawat and her two friends to tertiary hospitals, she would probably be alive today and the others not battling for their lives. After the girls, along with three friends, met with an accident on Juhu Tara Road on Saturday, they were taken by rickety autorickshaws from hospital to hospital before finding proper treatment. While Shivani succumbed to her injuries, Nimisha Mane and Priyanka Rai are comatose.\"We urgently need a network of ambulances equipped with paramedics and basic life-saving devices like defibrillator, ECG machine, cardiac monitor, portable ventilator, oxygen cylinder and emergency medicines,\" says a senior doctor from Sion Hospital's trauma centre. \"Paramedics, looking at the nature of injury, should decide on the level of care the victim should require and take him or her right there. But patients face a situation that is quite the opposite and end up facing refusals from private centres.\"About four years ago, private hospitals, along with the BMC, were supposed to come up with a plan for emergency medical services that would have a dedicated network of ambulances with the ability to reach any accident spot in the city within 12 minutes. As of now, the plan is still on paper.\"Emergency medical services in the city are far from desired,\" said Dr Sanjay Oak, the director of major hospitals and dean of KEM Hospital. \"While smaller centres should stabilize victims before referring them to bigger ones, private hospitals are duty-bound to admit and treat them. Smaller private centres, in particular, have a tendency to divert patients to other places. It is time to set up emergency services and include airlifting facilities.\"But an expert from a leading private hospital said that emergency medical services are expensive and instituting them requires more than ambulances and hospitals. \"It is more about dedicated teams, dedicated centres and expensive medicines. Currently, only two hospitals in Mumbai offer the facility of airlifting patients, but not before Rs 2-3 lakh are deposited. How many people can afford that?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12530827", "title": "SC asks Subhash Ghai to return land, pulls up Vilasrao Deshmukh", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a setback to film producer Subhash Ghai , the Supreme Court today upheld the Bombay high court order quashing the 20 acre land allotted to his film institute in Filmcity, on the outskirts of Mumbai.A bench of justices H L Dattu and C K Prasad also pulled up former Maharashtra chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh for allotting the land in 2004, saying the CM cannot bend or bypass rules to give away government land.\"One cannot be treated as blue-eyed boy for which chief minister can bend or bypass rules to give away the land of the state,\" the bench said.The apex court further said that they there is lack of transparency in the allotment of land as many CMs prior to Deshmukh had not cleared the project.\"The state government has given land to its blue-eyed boy for a paltry sum of money,\" the bench said.\"You are a great filmmaker, but there are greater filmmakers also. Why you have been chosen? There must be transparency,\" the bench observed.Senior advocate Mukul Rohatgi appearing for Ghai, pleaded that more than Rs 50 crore has already been invested in the institute, Whistling Woods and it should not be destroyed and submitted that he (Ghai) should at least be granted lease on the property.The bench, however, was not convinced and said that he can participate in the bidding process for the property.The apex court had earlier issued notices and sought response within four weeks from the petitioners on whose plea the high court had passed the verdict directing Ghai to return the land alloted for his film institute to the state government.The high court's order had come on a PIL by Rajendra Sontakke and four other agriculturists of Latur and Osmanabad districts alleging \"gross abuse of power\" by Deshmukh in allotting the land.The apex court had also issued notices to the Maharashtra government and the Maharashtra Film, Stage and Cultural Development Corporation along with Ghai's Mukta Arts, which were parties to the public interest litigation (PIL) in the high court.The land was alloted to Ghai's institute pursuant to a May 30, 2004 joint venture agreement signed between his Mukta Arts and the Maharashtra Film, Stage and Cultural Development Corporation (MFSCDC).The high court had noted that the joint venture was signed without any formal resolution passed by the Board of Directors of MFSCDC, without any valuation of the land in question and without following any rules or procedure.The high court had also referred to a CAG report which stated that the land ought to have been valued at Rs 31.20 crores as opposed to the Rs three crores valuation done by MFSCDC.The high court had also directed Ghai and Whistling Woods to vacate 14.5 acre of land immediately which shall be resumed by the state government and the remaining 5.5 acres, where the institute is constructed, would be taken over by the government on July 31, 2014, after all the ongoing courses at the film institute are completed.The high court had also restrained Whistling Woods from granting admissions to students for courses which go beyond 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12526468", "title": "Harrisons wants Harmony, government says no", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: After a brief lull, the legal tussle between the Harrisons Malayalam Limited (HML) and the state government has come to the fore again, following a bid by the company to transfer all the land under it in the state to a new company based in Chennai. The attempt has been thwarted by the state revenue department.The board of Harrison Malayalam Limited had tried to transfer its assets in the state - 13 estates in different parts of the state - to a Chennai-based, newly formed company, Harmony Plantations Limited with effect from April 01, 2012. As soon as the government learnt about the move , it alerted the Registrar of Companies and SEBI and requested not to authenticate it.\"We learnt about the matter from their website. Immediately we wrote to the Registrar of Companies that the transfer of the assets should not be allowed,\" revenue minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan told TOI.\"They are trying to form a new company and transfer all their assets to that company. Many of the estates that they are trying to transfer are disputed, and cases are pending before the taluk land board and the Kerala high court. The company themselves admit that they do not have original documents for the estates in question and claim that those have been transferred to them through an indenture. The current move will weaken these cases,\" the minister said.However, the HML management refuted the allegations and said the new company was formed as part of the ongoing restructuring process. \"The aim is to be a better focused and better managed company. This will also help in mobilizing more funds. We are neither availing any shortcut nor trying to cheat the government,\" said V Venugopal, general manager (legal) of Harrisons Malayalam Limited.But, sources in the revenue department said the company's move was with an intention to shift the existing cases to the Madras high court. The new company, Harmony Plantations Limited, was headquartered in Chennai and it could naturally approach the Madras high court with petitions against the Kerala government, they pointed out.Additional chief secretary (revenue) Nivedita P Haran has written to the Registrar of Companies at Chennai and Kochi, chairman of the Securities and Exchange Board of India, chairman of the Bombay Stock Exchange , Rubber Board, Tea Board, Spices Board, State Land Board, State Bank of Travancore, State Bank of India and the Honk Kong Shanghai Banking Corporation ( HSBC ) in this regard.\"It is intimated in advance that necessary precaution may please be taken towards safeguarding the interest of the Government of Kerala in this regard. I request you not to take any action with regard to the transfer of fixed assets and appurtenances without the concurrence of the revenue department,\" the letter said.The state has been disputing the formation of Harrison Malayalam Limited which happened in 1984 through the merger of Malayalam Plantations (India) Limited and Harrisons &amp; Crossfield (India) Limited. According to the state, the conditions for merger have not been fulfilled by the company, including proving their title before the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12525272", "title": "Now, babus can ask for performance report after retirement", "text": "NEW DELHI: Retired officers of central civil services can now get their annual confidential performance report after retirement. The government has decided to hand over Annual Confidential Report (ACR)/Annual Performance Assessment Report (APAR) to retired persons on completion of retention period of two years, if it gets written request for the same.The Central Civil Services officers include those from Indian Administrative Service (IAS), Indian Forest Service (IFoS) and Indian Police Service (IPS) among others. At present, the ACRs are destroyed after completion of the retention period.\"It has been decided that after a period of retention of the ACR/APAR dossier for two years, if a specific written request is received from the retired officer concerned to this effect, the CR dossier may be provided to him (or her),\" the ministry of personnel said.It said, \"Before the ACR dossier is weeded out on completion of the normal retention period, it may be certified by the section concerned that no request for handing over the ACR dossier has been received from the retired officer\".In case of officers against whom disciplinary inquiries may be pending at the time of retirement, the period of two years shall count from the date of issue of final orders in the disciplinary proceedings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "12526319", "title": "Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams board scraps 'VIP darshan' categories", "text": "TIRUMALA: Facing flak from various quarters, the executive board of the Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD) has decided to cancel the categorization of VIP darshan tickets. In a major relief for common pilgrims, the TTD board scrapped the three categories - top priority, priority and ordinary - for VIP darshan. The decision would come into effect from April 4.The board meeting chaired by chairman Kanumuri Bapiraju and executive officer LV Subramanyam was held at Annamaiah Bhavan on Tuesday. No decision was taken on opening a separate cell for issuing VIP passes in the state assembly. The board, however, decided to wash its hands of the controversial Anantha Swarnamayam (gold plating) project and, instead, entrusted the responsibility of taking any decision to the EO. Sources said the board decision came after reports appeared in the media about its plan to revive the scheme.The TTD, meanwhile, decided to rename Kalyanamastu, mass marriages programme, as Nitya Kalyanamastu, which would be conducted at main temples across the state. It would be conducted at 11 temples - Arasavilli of Srikakulam, Dwaraka Tirumala in West Godavari, Panakala Narasimha Swamy in Guntur, Basar in Adilabad, Yadagirigutta in Nalgonda, Srisailam in Kurnool and five other temples. The board has also decided to perform Srivari kalyanam in 10 cities in the US from April 28 to May 26. There was no decision on depositing Srivari funds in private banks. Bapiraju said the Vivekananda Kendra in Kanyakumari had given 4.5 acres of land to TTD to construct a Lord Venkateswara temple.Also Read: 21-hour wait for fleeting darshan of the LordIs Lord Balaji temple at Tirumala only for VIPs?Corruption is a way of life in Tirupati Tirumala DevasthanamsTirumala wakes up to luxury pad cultureRecord collection of Rs 5.73 crore at TirumalaBogus donors add 100 kg gold to Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams kittyIs Lord's property safe in Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams hands?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12525081", "title": "EDI to prepare draft national policy on entrepreneurship", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Entrepreneurship Development Institute of India (EDI) will prepare a draft for national policy on entrepreneurship and submit it to the Central government for approval.The institute took up the ambitious project on Tuesday at the behest of the advisor to the Prime Minister on public information infrastructure and innovations, Sam Pitroda, who was in the city to attend the institute's annual convocation.In a rather dramatic turn of events, Pitroda asked the institute to consult various stakeholders across the country and submit the draft within 90 days. Pitroda made the suggestion on the dais when the director of EDI, Dinesh Awasthi was addressing the students.In his speech, Awasthi mentioned the absence of a much-needed national policy for entrepreneurship in the country. Just as Awasthi got ready to leave the podium, Pitroda picked up the microphone lying on the table and suggested that the institute should take the lead in the matter and submit a proposal for such a policy. Awasthi immediately accepted the suggestion.Discussing the terms and conditions, Pitroda said, \"If such a policy is not there in the country as yet, I take the responsibility to take this matter forward. You work with the community, you are an institute of repute, so help us by drafting a policy. This draft shall be submitted to the government in the next 90 days. But while drafting, do reach out to other people across the country by conducting seminars to invite ideas and include them. When that policy paper comes to us, we will review it and I will try my best to push it forward.\"Pitroda said, \"I think we need these kinds of innovative ideas. Why should policies come only from the government? Policy can also come from public. May be somebody in the government will make some changes here and there. We will debate those changes.\"Accepting the task, Awasthi said, \"We will be formulating a national entrepreneurship policy by consulting people across the country and submit it to the government. The policy will be put up on our website. Such a policy will help generate many new entrepreneurs in the country.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12526633", "title": "Hot &amp; sultry: Denizens gear up to beat the heat", "text": "KANPUR: The evening became hotter as the minimum temperature rose to 18.8 degrees Celsius on Tuesday.According to the meteorological department, there could be a consistent rise in the minimum temperature in the coming week while maximum temperature may touch the mark of 40 degrees.Meteorologists of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology said that from now on, the temperature may increase with each passing day. Even the night temperature will rise. Summer season has finally set in. The maximum temperature was recorded at 38.6 degrees Celsius.The humidity fell to 35 per cent in afternoon from 75 per cent in the morning. Anuja, a student, said: \"The last few days have seen a visible change in weather. There was a chill in the air till Sunday but today even the breeze was warm. We were finding it difficult while walking in the sun.\" People were seen enjoying cold drinks and ice candies. Komal, seen shopping for her wedding, said: \"Today the weather is hot and it is making one thirsty. I have guzzled on a lot of water since morning.\" Neela, a housewife, said that she had already got the coolers and air conditioners cleaned as the weather is changing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12525862", "title": "Madhya Pradesh to have new automobile policy: CM", "text": "BHOPAL: A new automobile policy will be chalked out in the state keeping in view feasibilities of automobile industry sector.Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan said this while addressing a meeting of high-level investment augmentation empowered committee at the Mantralaya on Tuesday, said an official release.The CM instructed to expedite the process of extending concessions including entry tax to industries. He also instructed to get issues pertaining to land acquisition solved through local consent. The meeting also extensively discussed necessary changes to be made in the captive power policy.The meeting discussed expectations of industries and exemption in VAT, entry tax etc sought by them and the new projects proposed in the state.The new projects include proposed Ultratech Cement in Dhar district at a cost of Rs 1500 crore, Exonoble India project at a cost of Rs 284 crore in Bhind, Messrs Man Force unit in Pithampur at a cost of Rs 55 crore and a proposed Rs 920 crore plant of RMG Super Conductors in Katni.Finance Minister Raghavji, Industries Minister Kailash Vijayvargiya, Chief Secretary Avani Vaish, Additional Chief Secretary R Parshuram and others were present.Additional Chief Secretary Industries PK Dash and Principal Secretaries of Revenue, Housing and Environment, Water Resources, Urban Administration, Finance, Woman and Child Development and Commercial Taxes departments were present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12527393", "title": "Top telecom firm officer detained in cheating case", "text": "MUMBAI: The economic offences wing (EOW) on Tuesday detained Pratap Ghose, chief finance officer of Etisalat DB Telecom at the international airport while he was trying to leave for Dubai.A lookout notice was issued against Ghose after the case was registered with the city police. Ghose, who was leaving for Dubai , was detained by the immigration officials who informed the EOW sleuths. The EOW brought Ghose to its headquarters at Crawford Market. \"We have not arrested him yet. He is being questioned,\" said an EOW officer.Last week, the Esplanade city court had directed the EOW to register criminal cases of cheating against Etisalat's top bosses. The franchisees or channel partners as they are called, Sameer Sheikh and Sayyad Azhar Abbas from Malad, and Harishchandra Pandey from Dahisar, had moved the court, seeking its intervention . The petitioners claimed that they were contracted by Etisalat DB Telecom two years ago to sell Cheers mobile prepaid and postpaid services besides other value added services. Each of them paid approximately Rs 1 lakh as deposit to the company . However, the business never took off and eventually closed down following the Supreme Court order.In their plea, the complainants named Etisalat bosses, group CEO Ahmed Abdul Karim Julfar, CEO (international investments) Jamal Al Jarwar, group marketing officer Essa Al Haddad and senior VP (corporate regulatory affairs ) Kamal Shehadi and two others , besides Etisalat DB Telecom's Pratap Ghose as accused. While all the persons mentioned in the plea are UAE nationals, Ghose is an Indian.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12526034", "title": "Labour dept takes Satpur factory to court over violations", "text": "NASHIK: The office of the deputy labour commissioner (DLC) has filed complaints against Nashik-based Sanjyot Metals Industries, whose executive director Santosh Hegde was assaulted recently, for violation of the minimum wages Act and the contract labour regulation and abolition Act. The case filed with the judicial magistrate first class (JMFC), is yet to come up for hearing.Representatives from the office of the deputy labour commissioner, Nashik division, had recently visited Sanjyot Metals Industries in the Satpur industrial area of the MIDC for a routine inspection. The team of officials of the DLC office, during their inspection, had found the company not paying minimum wages to its workers. The company also had not taken a Registration Certificate (RC) from the DLC office, which is required while appointing contract workers, from the DLC Office.Hence, the DLC office filed complaints with the court of the JMFC against the company under violation of minimum wages Act, violations of minimum house rent allowance Act and violation of contract labour regulation and abolition Act.\"During a routine inspection, Nashik-based Sanjyot Metals Industries Ltd was found not giving minimum wages to its workers. Moreover, it had not taken an RC from the DLC's office, which is required for the company while appointing contract workers, from the office of the DLC. Hence, we filed complaints against the company in the court of the JMFC, under violation of the minimum wages Act, violation of house rent allowance Act and the violation of the contract labour regulation and abolition Act,\" said R S Jadhav, deputy labour commissioner, Nashik division.It may be recalled that Santosh Hegde, the rxecutive director of the company, was assaulted allegedly by his own workers on March 22 when he was on his way to his factory in the Satpur area of MIDC.He was immediately shifted to Shatabdi Hospital and thereafter to Sopan Hospital near Mumbai Naka. He had received head injury and his limbs were fractured.Hegde had taken disciplinary action against 10 of his Sanjyot Metals workers. Thereafter, all his workers had set up a new union affiliated to the Centre of Indian Trade Unions (CITU). Some of his workers had gone on strike after that. The company management had appealed to the workers to join the work, but they didn't.The company workers belonging to the CITU union had allegedly assaulted Hegde when he was on way to visit the factory, a spokeperson of the company stated.According to the Union, Hegde had expelled all the 60 workers a day after his workers had set up a CITU union there on November 15. Thereafter, he had allegedly threatened the workers with the help of hooligans to leave the Union. The union had lodged a complaint with the Satpur police and the office of the deputy labour commissioner.The manager of the company, E D Nehe , when contacted, declined to comment on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12527246", "title": "Cantonment Board to start free pre-school for girls", "text": "VARANASI: The Cantonment Board is coming up with an affordable pre-school which will start functioning by the end of this month. Shailendra Singh, vice president, Cantonment Board, said, \"To ease the study process and train kids before they enter the primary section, the Cantt Board has launched the concept of pre-school.\"\"The building of the pre school is being constructed by restructuring some portion of Boys' Primary School of the Board. It is expected that the construction work will be over by April 10,\" said Rajhans Awasthi, chief executive officer (CEO), Cantonment Board. He said it has been decided that the pre-school will be free of cost for girls and some amount will be charged as token money from boys.\"The school is expected to train the kids in basic etiquettes, nursery rhymes, counting, reading and writing abilities, communication skills, creativity and extra-curricular activities,\" he added.According to Awasthi, the school will start from May first-week and for that matter, recruitment of teachers in on presently.\"There are five rooms which will be used as activity rooms and classrooms for pre-nursery, lower kindergarten (LKG) and upper kindergarten (UKG). A total of 25 children will be enrolled in one class,\" said Shailendra Singh. The pre-school will also have playing equipment for children in the entrance hall.\"The place will be utilised for community lunch, play time and recreational activities,\" said Awasthi.The decision regarding transportation facility for kids will be decided once the admissions are over. At present, the Cantonment Board has two primary schools for girls and boys separately and one junior high school. Interestingly, the Cantonment Board is also set to renovate the old Sadar Bazaar area.According to Shailendra, Sadar Bazaar area will be planned as a modern market. \"The market will be developed in two parts. One area will be given to vegetable vendors while the other parts of the market will be dedicated to vendors of clothes, accessories and general articles. Cemented stalls or shops will be built for the shopkeepers who are presently selling their articles in the market,\" said Shailendra.At the same time, the already functioning walking plaza of the Cantonment Board will take some more time before the construction of pathways for morning and evening walkers gets completed. \"Three-kilometre-long walking pathway is under construction. About 1 km of the pathway has already been constructed. It will take one more year for the completion of full fledged pathways,\" said Shailendra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12526383", "title": "Consumer forum raps private university, orders fee refund", "text": "TRICHY: The Thanjavur District Consumer Dispute Redressal Forum has ordered the Sastra Deemed University, Thanjavur, to refund a student Rs 1,12,000 paid as tuition fee for five semesters. The student, M Sriram, was enrolled in Sastra University in a B Tech course on July 9, 2008, and after completing one year, he was admitted to the third semester, and paid a tuition fee of Rs 36,000.In the meanwhile, Sriram had also applied for admission to the National Institute of Technology, Trichy, and was admitted. He demanded the original certificates from Sastra University, but the institution maintained that the tuition fee already paid by the student for the current year (Rs 36,000) would not be refunded. Moreover, the university refused to return the certificates unless and until the student paid the entire tuition fees for the remaining five semesters. The university threatened the student that if he did not pay the full course fee, his original certificates would not be returned.Meanwhile, the student's father B S Manohar requested the vice-chancellor of the university for a partial waiver of fees to be paid, and the VC favourably considered the request of the parent, and asked the student to pay 50% of the remaining course fee (which worked out to Rs 88,500). As result, the university returned the original certificates of the student and it was paid Rs 88,500.As his son's career was at stake, Manohar paid the money but later wrote to the Consumer Protection Council which filed a case before the Thanjavur Redressal Forum. The university argued that the parent had agreed to the condition that no refund would be paid and had to pay the entire course fee once he left the deemed university. However, the university said they gracefully accepted only 50% of the course fee. The university steadfastly maintained that it was a clear policy not to return original certificates unless the student paid the entire course fee for which he was enrolled.The council argued that the position of the university was in violation of the norms of the University Grants Commission, and the Ministry of Human Resource because every condition must relate to a statutory norm. The council also quoted a Madras high court judgment which said a college could not take law into their hands by withholding transfer certificate, and thus ruin the life a student. The council further argued that the fees must be returned after proportionate deduction.After hearing both sides, the District Consumer Forum, Thanjavur, presided by members Murugaiyan and Indira, directed the deemed university to refund Rs 24,000 after deducting Rs 12,000 from the Rs 36,000 paid as course fee for the third semester. The forum also directed the university to pay Rs 1,12,000 including Rs 88,500 paid for the remaining course fee with six per cent interest from October 11, 2009, till the date of payment, and within one month from the receipt of the order that was disposed on February 28. The first copy was released on March 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "attari", "code": "12526862", "title": "Chidambaram to open first integrated checkpost at Attari on April 13", "text": "ATTARI: Almost a year behind its scheduled of completion time, India's first and one among 13 integrated checkposts (ICP) are coming up at Attari near Indo-Pak International Border would finally have a soft opening on April 8, before being formally inaugurated on April 13 by Union home minister P Chidambaram.With dedicated passenger and cargo terminals besides adequate customs and immigration facilities, the authorities here are hopeful of minimum of five times increase in trade with Pakistan. While Indian side claims to provide state of art facilities at ICP, the Pakistan has only constructed two gates and will depend on its old warehouses and infrastructure.The secretary border management AE Ahmad, who was here on Tuesday to monitor the last leg of preparations at ICP before its inauguration said, he and other officers were here to work out details for the opening of the ICP on April 13.According to sources, the Pakistan commerce minister and the chief minister of Punjab, in Pakistan would inaugurate their side of the ICP.Ahmad said last minute preparations, including setting up of equipment of customs and immigration departments were being installed and checked. \"We will do the soft launching on April 8,\" he added.A special bus would ply to ferry passengers from terminal building up to border gates.While talking about the installation of drug scanners, he said the drug scanner was a huge equipment which had to go through various stages of technologies which were being worked out. However, he said that truck scanners would be installed.The home minster had laid the foundation stone of the project on February 20, 2010 and had assured that the project would be completed in record 14 months time. The project was envisaged to boost the trade and commerce between India and Pakistan is being constructed at a cost of Rs 150 crore on 130 acres of land acquired by the Punjab government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12527151", "title": "From Gandhigiri to fight league", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The man who once made Gandhigiri a rage among youngsters is out to make Super Fight League (SFL) a household name in country. That too, at a time when Indian Premier League is upon us. Sanjay Dutt along with Raj Kundra, the founder of Super Fight Promotions Pvt Ltd, launched SFL-2 Chandigarh in a city hotel on Tuesday.\"In a country of 1 billion people it is not fair to have a fan following for just one game. Cricket will remain as number one game. But Mixed Martial Arts is out to make a fan following of its own. The league is bound to attract 18 to 35 year olds, said Sanjay Dutt.The justification he gave for two contrasting styles was, \"inside the cage its MMA, outside Gandhigiri.\"Not just promotion, the 'real action hero' of Bollywood has been involved with Mixed Martial Arts since the time he started his acting career. \"I practiced Kung- fu and a Chinese martial arts form. Liverpool-based trainer Santokh Singh had been of great help to me early in my career. You can say MMA is just an extension of that. When Raj Kundra talked about the league it interested me a lot,\" he said.Seeking a local connect, Sanjay Dutt said, \" There are many fighters from Punjab who are training and will be seen in action. I have a feeling that the league will draw good response in Punjab.\" To increase the following the league will be telecast deferred live initially but we are hoping to go live from May onwards. Also, academies are being opened in every part of the country to make it a craze among youngsters.Dennis Hallman, Benjamin Radach (US), Andy Wang (China), Darren Russel (Singapore) are international level trainers and will prepare the fighters for some top class stuff. At present we have 25-30 trainees practicing at Nasik Centre. Every week we choose deserving fighters and give them a three month's of training. If they are good they will be inducted into the league,\" he said.Regarding IPL vs SFL bout, Sanjay said, \"Everyone knows there is an overdose of cricket but you have to accept that cricket is cricket and will remain the biggest attraction. But SFL is a new concept and there is a lot of scope for it in India.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12525443", "title": "Sarpanch's husband killed over monetary dispute: Police", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Sanand police arrested Kalubhai Thakor, a resident of Koth, for killing Chimanbhai Thakor, 36, a resident of the same village and destroying evidences. Police said that Thakor was killed over monetary dispute. Earlier it was suspected that Thakor, husband of current sarpanch of the village, was killed to settle political score. According to police investigators, Kalu had to pay back money to Thakor.When he could not pay him back, Thakor threatened him of police action and using his political clout to defame him. He then took Thakor for drinking. After making him drunk, Kalu choked him with a leather belt. He then drove the body to Limdi in Surendranagar district and threw the body near the highway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12525346", "title": "Centre gives in to Mamata's demand, to hold separate NCTC meet on May 5", "text": "NEW DELHI: Giving into the pressure of its key ally Trinamool Congress chief and West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee , the Centre has convened a separate meeting on May 5 to exclusively discuss issues concerning the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) that has been held up due to stiff opposition from several states.The Union home ministry will draft standard operating procedures (SOPs) on the NCTC and share it with CMs ahead of the meeting, clarifying the proposed functioning of the anti-terror body through the mechanism of Standing Council, which will have adequate representation from all states.Earlier, the Centre was supposed to discuss the NCTC in the 'internal security' meeting of CMs as one of the agenda points on April 16. The move was, however, opposed by Banerjee, who last week wrote to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh demanding a stand-alone meeting to discuss the proposed anti-terror body.She had pointed out that the focus of the NCTC, a sensitive issue, would be lost if it were to be discussed along with other internal security matters, and demanded a separate meeting so that all states could air their views properly.Tamil Nadu CM J Jayalalithaa and Gujarat CM Narendra Modi too wrote to the PM, demanding exclusive meeting of CMs to discuss the anti-terror body.\"Following the requests of three chief ministers, the Prime Minister has asked me to convey to the chief ministers that a separate meeting on NCTC can be held on May 5. I have written to all chief minister and I hope that they will all confirm their participation,\" home minister P Chidambaram said on Tuesday.He said the April 16 meeting of the CMs will discuss issues referred on the agenda that was already circulated, while the May 5 meeting will primarily discuss the NCTC.The NCTC was notified by the Centre on February 3 but could it not be operationalized from March 1, as scheduled, due to stiff resistance from more than a dozen non-Congress CMs who expressed that the powers (of arrest, search and seizures) - given to the anti-terror body - would infringe upon states' rights.Addressing a press conference, Chidambaram said he was confident that given the kind of situation in which many countries in the world, including India, faces, the CMs would respond positively.\"There must be an institutional mechanism, institutional personnel, that is the genesis of the NCTC. The idea was accepted by the Jaswant Singh Committee, by the Second Administrative Committee. I think once we sit down, discuss these matters, I am confident that there will be a very good outcome,\" he said.Stating that there would not be any serious differences between the Central and some state governments on NCTC, the home minister said if one reads the executive order (for establishment of NCTC) carefully, one will find that it simply reflects the legal position as was found in the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act and its last paragraph facilitates setting up of a Standing Council.Chidambaram said in the Standing Council, the Central government will have four members - the director and three joint directors, while the states will have 28 members, and each state will have one member.\"So in a 32-member Standing Council, states will have 28 members. It is the Standing Council which will oversee the NCTC. I think there are some differences on emphasis or how to nuance a particular idea or how to re-phrase a particular paragraph. I think these can be worked out,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12526216", "title": "Goa Medical College's intercom phone lines dead since Saturday", "text": "PANAJI: The intercom telephone lines at the Goa Medical College and Hospital (GMC) at Bambolim have been temporarily disconnected, owing to a fault in the server of the telephone provider.As a result of this, the staff posted at the operation theatres where mobile phones are not permitted are facing a problem. \"Now we need one person in the operation theatre alone, who can run around and prepare for the operations. Earlier, arrangements were made with just a phone call,\" sources said.The intercom telephone lines have been out of operation since Saturday evening. When contacted, the medical superintendent of GMC, Dr Rajan Kunkolienkar, said, \"We have shut down the intercom phone service for repairs. The problem should be rectified in a day or two.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12526298", "title": "7 varsities misused funds: CAG report", "text": "PATNA: The Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) report said the vice-chancellors of seven state universities misused Rs 17.23 crore of fees collected from students for payment of salaries of its staff which affected the infrastructural development and other facilities in the respective colleges.The CAG report was tabled in both the Houses of the state legislature here on Tuesday. According to the report, the audit scrutiny (May 2010 and June 2011) of the relevant records for the period December, 2006, to March, 2011, in seven universities revealed that in violation of the directions, these universities diverted Rs 17.23 crore from the designated account and utilized the money for payment of salaries of the staff.The chancellor of the universities instructed in December 2006 that all student fees (tuition fee, admission fee, sports fee, library fee, college development fee etc) collected by the colleges must be transferred and credited to a designated account in the respective universities. These accounts were to be operated by the registrars and finance officers of the universities for infrastructural improvement, development of playgrounds, maintenance of laboratories and libraries and improving facilities for staff and students in the colleges.The report further said the registrars of Tilka Manjhi Bhagalpur University in July 2010 and Lalit Narayan Mithila University, Darbhanga in May 2011, accepted the audit finding and stated that these diversions were made due to non-receipt of adequate grants from the government against the demand raised by the universities for payment of salaries. These replies were not acceptable since the funds realized from collection of fees were earmarked for infrastructural development of the colleges and were not to be utilized for any other purpose, the report said.The report said irregular diversion of fees amounting to Rs 17.23 crore by the seven state universities for payment of salaries of staff resulted in the corresponding non-availability of funds for infrastructural development and other facilities in the respective colleges. These amounts had not been recouped as of May 2011, it said.The report categorically said the matter was reported to the government (June 2011) and their reply has not been received in November 2011.It also said irregular payment has been made to university employees. The report said an amount of Rs 4.18 crore was irregularly paid to university employees on account of advance increments, assured career progression benefits and interim relief. It said audit scrutiny in June 2010 in nine universities revealed that in contravention of the directives, three universities provided two advance increments with effect from January 1, 1996, instead of May 18, 2010, to 247 teachers who have acquired PhD degrees. This resulted in irregular payment of Rs 1.90 crore.State health minister Ashwini Kumar Chaubey tabled the CAG report in the legislative council on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12525969", "title": "Civic committee selection on Saturday", "text": "NASHIK: The announcement of the members for the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) standing committee will be made in a general body meeting at 11am on April 7. Mayor Yatin Wagh has called a meeting of all group leaders on Wednesday.From the 122 elected representatives, 16 would be selected for the standing committee. on April 7 in a general body meeting at 11 am.On Wednesday, the mayor has called a meeting of group leaders of all parties on Wednesday, when they would will submit a list of candidates to Wagh. The MNS will be able to field five corporators, the Shiv Sena-RPI combine three, NCP three, two each from the Congress and the BJP, and one independent. The group leaders said they have not yet shortlisted candidates and said the names would be finalized only after a meeting with their senior leaders. Group leader of Congress party, Vinayak Khaire, said that new faces would be introduced this time. \"We have 12 women corporators. At least two women should be selected for the standing committee. The third member could be a male corporator,\" he said. \"But the decision will be taken in a meeting which would include the city chief, senior leaders and the MP,\" he said. Group leader of the MNS Sujata Dere said that the candidates would be finalised only after a meeting with the senior leaders and MLAs. Sudhakar Badgujarm group leader of the Shiv Sena said that the party head office would suggest the two names for the standing committee.Group leader of NCP, Shahu Khaire said that on April 4, the party observer will be coming to Nashik to discuss about the standing committee. \"We will decide about the candidates after the meeting with him,\" he said. About the post of the chairperson, he said that the party has not yet lost hopes but it all depended on the support from all the parties. \"Last time we lost the chair because the parties backed out at the last moment. So we cannot be sure what happens in the GBM,\" he said.Gurmeet Bagga, leader of the Independents said that in the meeting with the mayor, the overall system of the formation of the standing committee will be explained. \"All independents will sit down together and decide who should be fielded for the standing committee,\" said Bagga. On the post of the chairman he said that only if the NCP, Congress, Sena and independents come together will they have a chance to claim the chair.Mayor Yatin Wagh said that to ensure transparency during the declaration of the names of the members, the municipal commissioner will have a copy of the list of names. \"The civic chief had sent us a letter asking us to conduct a general body meeting and we asked him for a docket for the same. in response to which we had asked him to send us a docket regarding the same. Without a docket we cannot conduct the GBM, we said.We got it on April 2 and immediately decided to hold the meeting,\" he said Wagh.Saturday's GBM will decide who will rule the roost in the civic body. Since the election of the mayor and the deputy mayor, all eyes have been focused on the standing committee which controls the finances of the municipal corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12526508", "title": "Cultural fest from April 15", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The city is going to host week-long cultural extravaganza, 'Baisakhi', at Jaydev Bhawan from April 15. In its 32nd edition this year, the festival will showcase a cultural rainbow with flavours of classical and folk dance and music performances from across the country.\"The main focus of this year's programme is that there will be no modern dance performance instead we have given emphasis on fading folk art of Odisha. Besides, the stage will be shared by star performers of classical dance and music forms making the event grand,\" festival director Ratikanta Mohapatra said.Organised by Chinta 'O' Chetana, a socio-cultural organization, the main attractions of the festival will be performances in Odissi, Bharatnatyam, Kathak, Kuchipudi, Manipuri and folk dances like Sambalpuri, Gotipua, Ranapa, Danda, Ghumura, Daskathia, Ghodanacha, Pala and so on. Senior artistes and young talents from different fields will also be felicitated, secretary Surendra Sahu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12525288", "title": "Rs 98 lakh fake Indian currency notes haul in Kathmandu reveals new Pak modus operandi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Acting on the inputs provided by India, the Nepal Police on Tuesday arrested a Vietnamese woman with fake Indian currency notes (FICN), worth Rs 98 lakh, at Tribhuwan International Airport in Kathmandu. The consignment - neatly stuffed in high-end liquor bottles - was delivered to her at Vietnam by conduits working for Pakistani handlers.The consignment brought in from Vietnam was so smartly concealed that it would have gone unnoticed had it not been for specific information provided by India.The accused, whose name has been withheld by the agency as investigations are still on, had stuffed the currency notes in liquor bottles and packed them neatly in her check-in baggage. To avoid scrutiny she had paid legitimate duty on the liquor.Sources in intelligence agencies here said the woman reached Kathmandu via Bangkok. Her arrest has not only revealed a new modus operandi, but also a new route (Pakistan to Nepal via Vietnam) of pumping FICN into India.A senior intelligence official said, \"Counterfeiters keep reinventing themselves. The racket had deliberately used a woman as a carrier to avoid suspicion. The accused had stuffed high-end liquor bottles with FICN and neatly packed them. She then paid the required duty on it which made it a legitimate consignment. That is why despite the consignment being in her check-in baggage no one in Vietnam or in Bangkok suspected anything amiss with her luggage.\"The official added, \"Recently we had busted a racket in which fake currency was concealed in cigarettes. The accused had removed tobacco and rolled notes into the empty space.\"Sources said the consignment was routed through Vietnam as other routes like Bangladesh and Dubai were always on radar of security agencies for being traditional FICN-pumping routes. \"There is greater screening of passengers coming via Dubai or Bangladesh. One would generally not suspect a Vietnamese coming from her country to be carrying fake currency,\" said the official.The case has also indicated that Pakistan may be using underworld links to pump in money as several dons from Mumbai are now holed up in various south-east Asian nations. Even Dawood Ibrahim has a wide network of operatives spanning Malaysia , Indonesia , Thailand and Vietnam. Sources said the notes are of very high quality, and match with other consignments coming from Pakistan seized earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12527406", "title": "100 people cheated of 39.95 lakh", "text": "PUNE: The Deccan Gymkhana police have booked 10 employees of a Chennai-based multi-level marketing company for alle g e dly duping over 100 people from the city to the tune of Rs 39.95 lakh, by promising to give them good returns on their investments.A complaint was lodged by Nilesh Ramkumar Kashwas (29) of Dapodi with the Deccan Gymkhana police station. Investigations have revealed that over 100 people from executives to domestic helps fell prey to the company's fraudulent schemes.Assistant police inspector S B Dhamdhere of the economic offences wing (crime branch) said that the incident took place between October 26, 2009 and March 2012. The company had offered 10% commission on the money invested by customers for the period of 36 months.Initially, the company gave regular commission. But, for the last few months, the company stopped doing so. \"Investors also realised that cases of cheating had been registered against the company in Tamil Nadu and Karnataka,\" Dhamdhere said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12526558", "title": "Over 150 ill after food-poisoning", "text": "JAIPUR: Over 150 people belonging to the Behrupia tribe fell ill, at least 10 of them seriously, after having a feast at a social get-together in Jamdoli under Kanota police station area on Monday night. Officials said some of the milk-products items were contaminated leading to the food-poisoning. While most of them were discharged after primary treatment, others still were undergoing treatment till Tuesday evening.According to police, about 500 people from the community living in various districts of the state had gathered at the house of one Ghanshyam in Jamdoli. \"It was a social get-together which was going on for the past three days,\" said Kanota police station in-charge Vijaypal Singh.He added that after having dinner on Tuesday, people started complaining of abdominal pain and vomiting. \"After police and administration officers were informed, a team rushed those who had fallen ill to two private hospitals. Several of them were discharged after primary treatment,\" the officer said.An official of the state medical and health department said the food samples were collected and sent for examination.\"Most likely, the milk products were contaminated leading to the food poisoning. Further investigation is on,\" the officer said adding that no FIR has been registered against anyone in this regard so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12525351", "title": "CAT stays action against Rahul Sharma", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) on Tuesday stayed departmental action against senior IPS officer Rahul Sharma in connection with the chargesheet served on him, accusing him of professional misconduct for not submitting the vital evidence of 2002 riots cases in form of mobile phone records.A division bench of Ashok Kumar and Chameli Majumdar admitted Sharma's petition challenging the charges and the show-cause notice served on him, and observed that prima facie the chargesheet should not have been issued by the government. The CAT also issued notice to the state government seeking explanation on the contentions raised by Sharma, who will be filing his rejoinder after the government's reply. Further hearing is kept on April 27, said Sharma's lawyer K G Pillai. Sharma moved the CAT last year claiming that he was victimized for deposing before the amicus curiae appointed by the Supreme Court to probe Zakia Jafri's allegations against chief minister Narendra Modi and others with regard to the 2002 riots. Last year, the government issued a show-cause notice and then a chargesheet to Sharma.Before admitting the petition, the bench heard it at length on Sharma's contention that he should be given protection against any legal action by the state government on the basis of information revealed before the Nanavati commission under section 6 of the Commission of Inquiry Act. The government, however, maintained that Sharma's petition was premature, as he had not even answered the show-cause notice and there was no connection between the chargesheet and his deposition before probe panel.Sharma was charged for not submitting the original CDs containing mobile phone records related to the riots period to the investigating agency. Sharma took initiative to gather the data, but after he sent the CDs to then joint CP P P Pande though a messenger, the evidence became untraceable. He had copied the data in his personal computer, and later provided its copy to inquiry commissions and the SIT also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12527810", "title": "High Court issues notice to Rajesh Talwar in Aarushi case", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad High Court on Tuesday issued notice to Rajesh Talwar, facing trial in the murder of his daughter Aarushi, on an application filed by the CBI challenging the trial court's decision to extend the bail granted to the accused.Issuing the notice to Rajesh Talwar on an application filed by CBI under Section 482 of the CrPC, the court asked him to file a counter-affidavit in the case and fixed May 7 as the next date of hearing.Justice B K Narayan passed the order on an appeal filed by the CBI challenging the order of a special CBI court at Ghaziabad dated March 14, whereby the bail of Talwar, who along with his wife Nupur is facing trial in the case, had been extended.The CBI's contention was that the trial court had erred in \"extending the bail granted to Talwar, treating it as a regular one though he had been granted only an interim bail and was now required to obtain regular bail,\" according to the CBI's counsel . \"The special judge (CBI) had granted bail to Rajesh Talwar on a regular basis, mis-interpreting the order of the Supreme Court,\" the agency contended. In its closure report submitted before the Ghaziabad court last year, the CBI had not named the Talwars as an accused in the case. However, the court had decided to go ahead with the trial observing that there was \"enough evidence\" against the dentist couple.Aarushi (14), was found dead inside her Noida residence in May, 2008, with her throat slit and the body of the Talwars' domestic servant Hemraj was recovered from the terrace hours later. An outcry against the shoddy investigation by Uttar Pradesh police had led to the then Mayawati government in Uttar Pradesh handing over the case to the CBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12524791", "title": "Mother sustains burn injuries, saves kid", "text": "NAGPUR: A woman's selfless sacrifice saved the life of her six-month-old daughter after flames suddenly leapt from the gas-stove burner at her residence at Ramabai Chowk on Monday evening.Phulabai Angude, who is in her 30s, is critical with 63% burns but ensured the fire would not harm her daughter Bhuvaneshwari who was sleeping close by. The daughter too suffered 13% burns and is admitted at the burn ward of the Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital. Phulabai was preparing dinner when the incident took place.A shattered Ankesh, Phulabai's husband, said the mishap happened just a couple of hours after the couple had a meeting with a life insurance agent in order to plan an investment for the daughter's future despite the financial odds that they have to cope up with in everyday life. \"Will my wife survive?\" Ankesh was found asking people around him. The couple, who seemed to be having a happy married life, was married for the last three years.Ankesh said that he was seated outside his house when an alarm cry by Phulabai dragged him inside. \"She had probably opened the regulator of the gas when the burner's knob was on. The gas had already filled up some space in the kitchen,\" said Ankesh who is daily wager. \"The gas lighter was not working. My wife had lit a matchstick,\" he added.When Phulabai tried to remove her sari it fell on Bhuvaneshwari who was fast asleep on the floor. Phulabai tried to pick up the burning sari and move it away from her daughter. It only led to more flames around herself. \"She rushed out in pain with fire all over her body. I tried to douse it but she had already suffered burn injuries. We rushed her to the hospital,\" said a teary-eyed Ankesh.The Wadi police team has recorded the statement of family members but could not speak to Phulabai who is in a serious condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12526740", "title": "5-month-old run over by car", "text": "BANGALORE: A five-month-old infant girl, who was brought to the city by her agriculturist-parents to ward off a jinx, was run over by a speeding car under Horamavu bridge on KR Puram Ring Road near Banaswadi on Monday night.The car sped away from the scene of the accident, which left the mother, who was carrying the child in her arms and crossing the road, with minor bruises. Thrown off her mother's arms by the impact of the crash, the child came under the wheels of the car. The child died on the spot with head and neck injuries.R Lakshmi was the only daughter of farmer R Ramachandrappa and his wife R Shylaja. She was born to the couple from Bangarpet in Kolar district after eight years of marriage.\"After Lakshmi's birth, an astrologer had warned Ramachandrappa of an impending danger and said the family should stay indoors for five months,\" a relative said. He was also advised to break the indoor stay with a three-day stay at a place other than his hometown, Bangarpet.Ramachandrappa and his wife decided to visit his brother, Nagaraj, in Horamavu, near Banaswadi on Monday night. The family was walking towards Nagaraj's house after arriving in the city when the tragedy struck.Meanwhile, Banaswadi traffic police tracked down the car that ran over five-month-old Lakshmi on KR Puram Ring Road and also identified the killer driver.The child's father, Ramachandrappa, and another eye-witnessThe accused driver has been identified as Sadanand, driver with Tata Indica cab (KA 03-D-8453), attached to KPTCL. Banaswadi traffic police on Tuesday got hold of the cab owner, identified as Kamalesh Chopra of Ulsoor. But Chopra strongly refused the hit-and-run allegation made against his driver, police said.But police are confident about the car and the driver as the vehicle number was not only given to them by the bereaved father but also the eyewitness who noted it down after chasing the car for 200 meters.\"Eyewitness Vinod Kumar said he was right behind the car when the accident happened. According to his statement, the driver took a sudden right turn to overtake another vehicle and rammed into the woman carrying the baby in her arm,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12527173", "title": "5 foreigners among 13 held on MG Road", "text": "GURGAON: Three Libyan and two Afghan nationals have been arrested from the city's Mall Mile for disturbing the peace and quarrelling at a public place. The five were also involved in a brawl at a pub in Sahara Mall after which security guards had turned them out of the mall. And the police arrested eight more people late on Monday for creating a ruckus on MG Road.According to the police, the incident took place at a pub in Sahara Mall where three Libyans were thrashed and beaten up by two Afghan nationals. The pub owner called the police and guards, who turned them out of the mall. Libyans were also seen beating up two Afghani men on MG Road when a police team reached the spot and arrested them.The Sector 29 police have lodged an FIR under Sections 107/151 and 109 of the CrPC. The Libyan nationals were identified as Ahmed Ali ,Sam Ali and Goseria Foress and were in the age group of 22-23.The two Afghanistan nationals were Mohammad Yasin (40), an ornament trader, and Abdul Kalam (35), who deals in handlooms. They are staying in a hotel near IGI airport.After being informed by the police, officials of Afghanistan Embassy and the hotel manager reached Gurgaon.The accused were produced in a city court and later released on personal bonds, a police officer said. They were granted bail on the assurance of Libyan Embassy that they will be sent back to their country in a day or two,\" added officer.Police also arrested eight persons for creating ruckus on MG Road late on Monday. According to the police, the eight were identified as Ravinder, Anil, Ramdheeraj, Vaibhav, Ankit, Manas, Amit negi, Anurag and Nitin Sethi. Police have lodged an FIR against the accused under Section 160 of the IPC. All the eight on Tuesday were produced in a city court which granted them bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12526052", "title": "Woman burnt alive: 3 get death", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man along with his daughter and son were sentenced to death by a court for burning alive the wife of another son to deprive her of the property share. Relying upon the victim's dying declaration, additional sessions judge Ramesh Kumar sent the Gokalpuri resident Gulbeg Ali, his son Zulfikar Ali and daughter Kumari Mubin Fatima to gallows for setting ablaze Shama Parveen in their residence in October 2009.\"This court comes to conclusion that the act of the accused persons comes under category of rarest of rare cases. Hence, the ends of justice will meet if convicts are sentenced to death penalty and fine of Rs 5,000 each for offence under section 302 of the IPC,\" the judge said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12525417", "title": "Business is about creating jobs and not just money, says Pitroda", "text": "AHMEDABAD: People management is the key to success and business is not just about making money but creating new jobs and opportunities. This was the advice that Sam Pitroda, adviser to Prime Minister on public information infrastructure, gave 66 students of EDI, who were conferred diplomas on Tuesday.Pitroda also preached against the US model of consumerism and called upon the students to look at the people at the grassroots. He said that the model of consumerism is not scalable, not sustainable and not desirable. \"In India, we need affordable, accessible, scalable and sustainable business models,\" he said.Pitroda said that he had worked for 10 years with a corporate in the US when his father, who was visiting him asked him what he studied in college. \"When I told him that I studied physics, he asked me what is physics. Along with that he also suggested me to quit working for someone else and start my own business,\" said Pitroda. It was how he started Wescom Switching in digital communication in 1974.Pitroda also narrated how he sold his company, spent all his money in between and became broke. He then went back to the US and saw lot of digital diaries in people's hands. He remembered that he had filed a patent for digital diary in 1975. So he sued companies who were manufacturing digital diaries to pay him royalties and once again became rich.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "chinsurah", "code": "12526618", "title": "College girl held for parents' murder", "text": "CHINSURAH: A 22-year-old college girl was detained on Tuesday for murdering her parents because they would not allow her to marry the man she loved, a chilling reminder of the 1991 Sudipa Pal case in which she had poisoned her parents and grandparents because they objected to her relationship with her tutor.Police say Mousumi Sarkar, an only child, had asked her lover Sk Moidul Alam alias Rippon to \"teach her parents a lesson\". Rippon allegedly hired four goons from Howrah who accosted Mousumi's father, Mohit, a retired Army officer, on the night of March 18, apparently to force him to accept the relationship. The soldier refused to give in and fought with the intruders, who stabbed and hacked him to death. Then they attacked his wife. The price of the double murder: 30,000.Mousumi, who was in an upper floor all through the brutal slaying, called police a few hours later to claim robbers had raided the house and killed her parents. Police arrived to a gory scene at the Pandua Khannan address. Mohit and Lata lay soaked in blood.Hooghly SP Tanmoy Roychowdhury said: \"The girl's account appeared unconvincing. She was in the floor above when her parents were murdered on the ground-floor. Though we were suspicious, we didn't accost her immediately. Our suspicions were confirmed when we learnt from a source about her relationship with a Burdwan-based youth, which was the reason for quarrels within the family. When we interrogated the youth, he confessed to his role.\"Mousumi made a judicial confession before a Chinsurah magistrate on Tuesday, police said. She has not been arrested yet. Rippon and Rajesh Verma , the extortionist he had allegedly hired, have been sent to 14 days police custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "12529989", "title": "Pakistan raises Hafiz Saeed's security after US announces bounty", "text": "LAHORE: Pakistan strengthened security at the residence of Jamaat-ud-Dawah chief Hafiz Mohammad Saeed in Lahore a day after the US announced a $10 million bounty for the man accused of masterminding the 2008 Mumbai attacks. Besides nine policemen from Punjab Police deployed at Saeed's two-storey home at E Block of Jouhar Town, the JuD posted more armed volunteers to ensure foolproof security.JuD leaders said they had not sought extra security from law enforcement agencies to protect Saeed and his brother-in-law Abdul Rehman Makki, for whom the US offered a two million dollar reward.A JuD spokesman claimed US bounty was \"another attack by US government on Muslims and Islam.\"The JuD volunteers set up three barricades about 200 to 300 meters from Saeed's house.The nine policemen were guarding these barricades while the JuD volunteers, equipped with sophisticated weapons, were on duty inside the building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12530456", "title": "I put life and heart before work: Sameera Reddy", "text": "She has acted in 11 Bollywood films only in her decade-long-career but actress Sameera Reddy has no regrets about her short filmography, insisting she has always been casual towards her profession.Sameera, who started her career with the 2002 release Maine Dil Tujhko Diya , said there is more to her than just acting and she likes to enjoy life.\"I have always been someone who has put life and heart before work. I have taken time off and gone for vacations. When I was 20, I didn't work all day, I traveled the world, did what I want to which most actors don't. I have been kind of laid back and not that aggressive. And I have no regrets,\" Sameera told PTI.The 29-year-old actress has mostly been part of multi-starrers like Darna Mana Hai, De Dana Dan, Race and her upcoming film Tezz also has stars like Anil Kapoor , Ajay Devgn and Kangna Ranaut .However, Sameera says she has no issues being part of a huge star cast and isn't worried about being over-shadowed by others.\"I go with the characters and my roles have always stood out. I pick up characters which reach out to me. I don't believe in a solo role which doesn't have any meaning.\"Tezz USP is the action I am doing. I have always done justice to my role and I don't worry about being overshadowed,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "jaipur/ajmer", "code": "12526092", "title": "Ajmer puts security in place for Zardari visit", "text": "JAIPUR/AJMER: Indian officials on Tuesday released the itinerary for Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari's day-long visit to India on April 8.Zardari will reach New Delhi at 8am. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh will host lunch for the Pakistan president. After lunch, Zardari will fly to Jaipur in a special plane. He is expected to reach Jaipur around 3.10pm. From there, he will take a chopper to Ajmer and land at Gugra helipad.He will drive to the Ajmer dargah and spend about 30 minutes at the shrine. He is expected to return to Jaipur by 6.15pm and from there leave for New Delhi.The Rajsthan home department has sent Zardari's itinerary to the Ajmer district administration. \"Security arrangements will be in place within 24 hours. It will be sent to the Union home ministry in New Delhi and to Pakistan,\" a senior official said.Zardari will be on a \"private visit for prayers\" at the shrine of Hazrat Khwaja Gharib Nawaz at Ajmer, Pakistan's presidential spokesman Farhatullah Babar said in Islamabad . \"The president has also accepted the invitation of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh for lunch in New Delhi en route to Ajmer Sharif,\" he said. Zardari will be the third Pakistan president to visit the Ajmer shrine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "12527271", "title": "Mohali being projected as extension of Chandigarh", "text": "MOHALI: Mohali is being projected as an extension of Chandigarh and buying a 1 kanal plot can cost up to Rs 5.5 crore in the city limits. Prices have sky rocketed in recent years and now areas like Sector 70 with flats are more popular and the hike in collector rate will only add to the real estate boom.\"In fact Mohali is considered as an extension of Chandigarh as after sectors 49, 51 of Chandigarh, Mohali starts. It's but obvious that people will first try to buy property in Chandigarh and when that doesn't suit their pocket, they would shift to Mohali,\" said realtor Ashok Seth, who deals in properties of Mohali.He added, \"The property rates of Mohali are no less, but are comparatively less than that of Chandigarh.\" Most people who are buying properties in Mohali prefer to buy in Sector 70 which has only flats. \"Even the prices of flats are going up. For example a three bedroom flat costs around Rs 1.20 crore. It's just like early bird catches the worm situation as now the prices are just going up day by day,\" said another realtor Vinod Shangari. A 10 marla plot in some of the posh areas costs around Rs 2.5 crore and the price of 1 kanal is Rs 5.5 crore.\"Zirakpur and Dhakoli are for people who want to be near Panchkula and other sectors of Mohali are preferred by those who want to be near Chandigarh,\" added Shangari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12526321", "title": "India's e-waste output jumps 8 times in 7 years", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: India's output of e-waste has jumped by eight times in the past seven years and the open yet illegal incineration of massive quantities of such trash may lead to serious public health hazards, a government report says.According to the latest annual report of the Union ministry of environment and forest (MoEF), by the end of 2012, India would have generated a whopping eight lakh tonnes of e-waste - up eight times in the past seven years. Environmentalists point out that an additional 50,000 tonnes is imported from developed countries despite a ban.\"The burning of metals can give rise to dioxins and furans during incineration. Arsenic and asbestos may act as a catalyst to increase the formation of dioxins, which is carcinogenic in nature,\" the report says.E-waste includes household electronic appliances, toys, electrical and electronic tools, medical devices, mobile phones, monitoring and control instruments, automatic dispensers, I-T and telecom equipment and consumer electronic items.Mumbai tops the list of 10 most e-waste generating cities, followed by Delhi, Bangalore, Chennai, Kolkata, Ahmedabad, Hyderabad, Pune, Surat and Nagpur. A state-wise break up shows that of the total e-waste generated in the country, 70% comes from 10 states - Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu , Andhra Pradesh , Uttar Pradesh, Gujarat, West Bengal , Delhi, Karnataka, MP and Punjab.\"E-waste contains minerals that are both toxic and valuable to the industry. Heavy metals are harmful to the environment and pose grave health hazards,\" the MoEF report said.Last year, the ministry notified the E-Waste (Management and Handling) Rules, 2011, making producers \"responsible for environmentally sound management of the end-of-life products, including collection and recycling \".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12525414", "title": "'Disqualify MLC if found guilty'", "text": "The opposition in the legislative council on Tuesday demanded the disqualification of the local legislator if it was proved that he was behind the attack on the tehsildar of Roha taluka. On Sunday, the local tehsildar who tried to stop illegal sand mining was threatened by the area's NCP head.NCP activist heldThe Anti-Extortion Cell of the city police arrested NCP activist Vijay Wadkar, brother of Sanjay Ghati, an alleged member of Chhota Rajan gang who was killed in 2000. Wadkar, wanted in an alleged extortion case, was arrested and remanded in police custody till April 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12526583", "title": "Post office superintendent caught taking bribe", "text": "JAIPUR: The CBI on Tuesday allegedly caught-red handed Jhunjhunu division's superintendent of post offices Pramod Kumar Gupta at his office accepting a bribe of Rs 5,000. The officer was taking the bribe to clear retirement related files of a junior employee. He has been arrested and raids are going on at his residence and office.According to a CBI spokesperson, an inspector working in the post office department has lodged a complaint with the agency saying that Gupta was demanding bribe from him.\"The complainant was retiring from his service in July. Gupta was demanding Rs 10,000 from him to clear his retirement related files,\" the officer said. However, the complaint agreed to pay Rs 5000. \"A trap was laid and he was caught red-handed by a CBI team taking the bribe at his office on Tuesday,\" the officer said.He further said Gupta is being brought to Jaipur after the agency officials arrested him. \"He will be produced in a court on Wednesday,\" the officer said.The CBI has registered a case under various sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act. \"Raids are being carried out at the houses owned by him in Udaipur, Udaipurwati and Jhunjhunu and his office. Further investigation is on,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "vishakhapatnam", "code": "12530238", "title": "Nuclear submarine INS Chakra joins Navy", "text": "VISHAKHAPATNAM: Defence minister AK Antony has said that INS Chakra will provide a big boost to the Indian Navy.Speaking to media after commissioning Russian-origin 'Nerpa' into the Navy on Wednesday, Antony said the induction of nuclear submarine will further strengthen the defence forces.He said the induction of nuclear submarine was not directed against any country.Earlier, after a gap of two decades, India joined the elite club of nations having nuclear-powered submarines with the induction of the Russian-origin 'Nerpa' into the Navy.India had earlier leased and operated Charlie Class Russian nuclear submarine from 1988 for training its personnel on such submarines.With INS Chakra and the indigenous INS Arihant expected to start operational patrols soon, India will soon have two nuclear submarines guarding its vast maritime boundaries.The Nerpa has been taken on lease from Russia for ten years and would provide Navy the opportunity to train and operate such nuclear-powered vessels.\"Our crews will get the experience of operating under water for several months at a go as unlike the conventional diesel electric submarines, which have to come to surface at regular intervals, nuclear submarines can remain under water for months,\" Navy officials said.India had signed a deal with Russia in 2004 worth over $900 million for leasing the submarine.It was expected to be inducted a couple of years earlier, but after an accident in 2008, in which scores of Russian sailors died during trials, the delivery schedule was changed.Indian Navy crews have already been imparted training for operating the submarine in Russia. A crew of over 70 people including around 30 officers is required to operate the INS Chakra.The heart of the submarine is its nuclear reactor which has been made by Russia. Its displacement is around 8,140 tonnes. With a maximum speed of 30 knots, the vessel can go up to 600 meters in water and has an endurance of 100 days with a crew of 73.The vessel is armed with four 533mm torpedo tubes and four 650mm torpedo tubes.The indigenously built Arihant is also expected to join the naval fleet soon as DRDO chief V K Saraswat recently said that \"it is in advanced stages.It will be ready for operations in next few months\".India is also working to develop arsenal for Arihant as it has already carried out more than 10 test launches of the K-15 missile (also known as Sagarika) in the Bay of Bengal.The nuclear-capable ballistic missile is said to have a range of over 700 kms and the premier research agency plans to increase its strike range in the near future.The Nerpa was handed over to the Indian Navy after the completion of trials in December last year.(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12526390", "title": "Temp at six places over 39 degrees Celsius", "text": "JAIPUR: The mercury took an upward swing in the state on Saturday. At least six places in Rajasthan recorded a maximum temperature of above 39\u00b0Celsius, with Churu recording maximum at 42.3 degrees Celsius, the Met department said.Jaipur woke up to a pleasant morning, but by afternoon the scorching sun had made it difficult for Jaipurites to venture out. Roads wore a deserted look as most people preferred to stay indoors. Hot wind blowing throughout the day added to their woes. The city reported a maximum temperature of 39.9 degrees Celsius. The minimum temperature recorded was 24.1 degrees Celsius.\"In the last three hours I have had at least 2 liters of water and am still feeling thirsty.The temperature has shot up and if this is the situation in the beginning of the summer season what will happen in May and June,\" said Anand Kumar, a web designer.However, the rising temperature has brought some cheer among shop-owners in several malls of the city. \"The footfall has increased in the last 2-3 days. People find comfort in the malls as they are centrally air-conditioned and while sitting at coffee shops they don't mind eating or sipping something cool. But some just come and spend time without ordering anything\" said Nagesh, manager at a coffee shop in Crystal Palm.Attributing the rise in mercury to the revival of north easterly winds and dampening of upper air cyclonic circulation, the Met department ruled out any respite from the hot weather in the coming weeks. The average maximum temperature in the state is likely to be around 39 degrees over the next 24 hours, the Met predicted.Heavy dust storm is predicted in some isolated places in the state. Churu was followed by Barmer at 41.6, Kota and Chittorgarh at 41.2 celsius, Jodhpur at 39.9, Ajmer at 39.8 and Jaisalmer at 39 degrees Celsius. A few other districts also saw the maximum temperature hovering around the 40 degree mark.EomJaipur: The mercury took an upward swing in the state on Saturday. At least half-a-dozen places in Rajasthan recorded a maximum temperature of above 40\u00b0Celsius, with Churu recorded maximum at 42.3, the Met department said.Jaipur woke up to a pleasant morning, but by afternoon the scorching sun had made it difficult for Jaipurites to venture out. Roads wore a deserted look as most preferred to stay in air-conditioned rooms. Hot winds blowing throughout the day only added to their woes. The city reported a maximum temperature of 39.9 Celsius against 39.7 Celsius recorded on Monday. The minimum recorded is 24.1 Celsius.\"In last three hours I have drank at least 2 liters of water and still feeling thirsty. Temperature has really risen up and if this is the situation in the early days of summers what will happen in May and June\" said Anand Kumar, a web designer.However the rising temperature has brought some cheer among shop owners in several malls of the city. \"The footfall has increased from last 2-3 days. People find comfort in malls as they are centrally air conditioned and while sitting at coffee shops they don't mind eating or sipping something cool. But some just come and spend time without ordering any thing\" said Nagesh, manager at a coffee shop in Crystal Palm.Attributing the rise in mercury to the revival of north easterly winds and dampening of upper air cyclonic circulation, the Met ruled out any respite from the hot weather in the coming weeks. The average maximum temperature in the state is likely to be around 39 degrees over the next 24 hours, the Met predicted.Heavy dust storm is predicted in some isolated places in the state. Churu recorded a maximum temperature of 42.3 degrees, followed by Badmer 41.6, Kota and Chittorgarh at 41.2 celsius, Jodhpur at 39.9., Ajmer at 39.8 and Jaisalmer at 39 celcius. A few other districts also saw the maximum temperature hovering around the 40 degree mark.eom", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12530515", "title": "'Apple launching iPhone 5 in June'", "text": "NEW DELHI: For Apple aficionados, here's good news: iPhone 5 is reportedly set to launch in the coming June. According to a report in CNet, Apple is likely to launch its next-generation iPhone during its annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) scheduled for June 11 to 15, 2012.The report quotes a television report by TV Tokyo in which a Foxconn recruiter has claimed that Apple plans to hire some 18,000 workers to meet its June deadline for iPhone 5 manufacturing. Foxconn Technology Group is one of biggest suppliers of Apple.With this launch, Apple is expected to return to its normal iPhone launch cycle. For, except for iPhone 4S which was launched in October 2011, all the previous-generation iPhones have been launched during Apple's WWDC event.Some earlier reports in South Korean media too suggested June launch for the sixth-generation iPhone. These reports also said that the new iPhone will have a sharper and bigger 4.6-inch \"retina\" display. The high-definition \"retina\" display -- containing several times as many pixels within the same area -- is used in the latest iPad launched last month.Sales of the iPhone, first introduced in 2007 with the touch screen template now adopted by its rivals, account for around half of Apple's total sales.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12526642", "title": "Gowda falls foul of caste politics", "text": "BANGALORE: Two setbacks within a week: that's what chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda experienced with the Karnataka high court striking down the appointment of Shankar M Bidari as DG&IGP; on March 30, and the appointment of Justice Chandrashekaraiah as Upa Lokayukta on Tuesday.Both appointments were made by Gowda, and the jolt comes immediately after the BJP lost the Udupi-Chikmagalur Lok Sabha seat in the bypoll in March. The hurried decision to appoint Justice Chandrashekaraiah ran into controversy after Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen took exception to the fact that he was not consulted, and expressed his displeasure in writing.The institution of Lokayukta in Karnataka has virtually collapsed after the exit of Justice N Santosh Hegde. In September 2011, Justice Shivaraj V Patil quit over reports that he allegedly owned multiple residential plots in Bangalore. Soon after, governor H R Bhardwaj and the government were engaged in a public spat over Justice S R Bannurmath's candidature, and he withdrew from the race.Caste factor and some BJP leaders' determination to show former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa his place, are said to have played a major role in the appointment of Justice Chandrashekaraiah, a Vokkaliga. Ministers R Ashoka, BN Bachhe Gowda and CP Yogeshwar were among those who reportedly pushed Chandrashekaraiah's case.These ministers' argument is that Yeddyurappa, too, had unilaterally chosen Justice Patil as Lokayukta, and Justices S B Majage and R Gururajan as Upa Lokayuktas. \"Chandrashekaraiah's name had figured earlier, but Yeddyurappa chose Gururajan instead. All the noise was made because Justice Chandrashekaraiah is a Vokkaliga,\" they have said.Gowda was accused of failing to hold \"effective consultations\" on the issue within the party. One of the reasons for Yeddyurappa's faceoff with the CM was Justice Chandrashekaraiah's appointment without consulting him. The matter also reached BJP national president Nitin Gadkari , who directed the state leadership not to take any major decision, without informing Yeddyurappa.Soon after Tuesday's judgment, excise minister MP Renukacharya, chairperson of Karnataka Handloom Corporation MD Lakshminarayana, former political secretary to the CM BJ Puttaswamy congratulated Yeddyurappa at his residence on Race Course Road. The former CM, who spoke to the media on drought, could not hide his glee at the judgment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12526316", "title": "Govt gears up to make cancer tests and treatment accessible", "text": "KOZHIKODE: For a state where 35,000 new cases of cancer are reported every year, the new project being planned by the department of health and family welfare will be a boon.The project plans to set up cancer detection centres in all district hospitals to improve early detection and treatment of the disease in an economical way. Patients detected with cancer will also be able to avail free treatment at the district hospitals with the help of oncologist.In the first phase likely to begin in August, the government plans to set up the centres in five select districts where there is no medical college or cancer centre. The final decision on this will be taken after a meeting with the official of National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) and National Communicable Diseases Centre (NCDC).The state currently provides cancer treatment only at the five medical colleges, Regional Cancer Centre (RCC), Malabar Cancer Centre and the general hospital in Ernakulam.The move comes in the wake of a late realization on the part of the government that some cancers can be cured if detected early.Under the new scheme, experts from RCC will train a physician, staff nurse and a nursing assistant from each district on cancer detection. This being done to overcome the shortage of oncologists in government hospitals.\"A sum of Rs 5 crore has been set aside for the plan,\" said Vibin K Gopal, assistant director and nodal officer for cancer care.He said that fund division for first phase is yet to be decided.Similar cancer detection and treatment centres are being planned under the NRHM and NCDC programmes of the Centre. Meanwhile, the Indian Council of Medical Research has started countrywide cancer registries to monitor the disease trend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12526736", "title": "Myanmarese refugees celebrate Suu Kyi win", "text": "IMPHAL: Pro-democracy Myanmarese activists, who have been staying in Manipur for the last two decades, have expressed their happiness over the landslide victory of the National League for Democracy (NLD) led by Nobel laureate Daw Aung San Suu Kyi .Exuding confidence that \"true\" democracy would return to Myanmar, the refugees, including a key leader of Burma Solidarity Organization (BSO), are also looking forward to return to their homeland.In Myanmar's historic by-election in 45 seats, NLD won a whooping 43 with opposition leader Suu Kyi coming out victorious from Kawhmu constituency, said BSO leaders. Incidentally, two officials from India, including Manipur chief electoral officer PC Lawmkunga, were among the international observers of the election held on Sunday.In the aftermath of the bloody massacre triggered by the military junta on August 8, 1988, popularly known as '8888', about 10,000 pro-democracy activities fled Myanmar and took asylum in various places across the globe. Initially, 300 agitators belonging to NLD , Federation of Trade Union of Burma, BSO and other students' bodies rushed to Manipur. The state with the government has already given the refugee status to them.\"We are very happy at Aung San Suu Kyi's landslide victory in the by-election. It has given a message that people's democratic power will defeat the military might sooner or later. We are celebrating her victory,\" said BSO president U Thura on Tuesday .He added, \"Though we are scattered across the world , we are united in our struggle to restore democracy. Some of us also shared our happiness with our friends in Manipur.\"In the 1990 elections in Myanmar, NLD won a landslide victory and its leader, San Suu Kyi, was about to become the Prime Minister. But the junta quashed the poll results and continued to hold power since then, he said. Though the general election was held in November 2010, NLD did not participate in it to protest against the provisions incorporated in the country's constitution passed by the junta in 2008. One of them is 25-percent seat reservation for military, said Thura.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12526270", "title": "District to tap water from quarries", "text": "KOCHI: With the city facing water woes this summer, the district administration has chalked out an novel initiative to purify the water in granite quarries. A water purifier that uses reverse osmosis process will be installed in abandoned quarries across the district for this project.District collector P I Sheik Pareeth said a pilot project would be launched in one of the quarries, after which it will be extended to 800 quarries in the district.\"Large quantities of effluent and brackish water accumulates in the pits, formed after mining rocks. By utilizing this water found here effectively, we can solve water scarcity issuesin the district to an extent,\" he said. The plant that will cost nearly Rs 2 lakh, can purify 40,000 litres of water daily. \"At present, the district needs 6 million litres of drinking water daily. We are able to supply about 3 million litres and if the project succeeds, we can solve the water issue,\" Pareeth said.Pareeth said the membranes of the purifier will be designed after testing the water quality. in quarries.\"The concerned departments have completed talks with agencies to design a plant and the project is expected to begin within a month,\" said Pareeth. Once it begins, the district will store purified water will be stored in tanks built near the proposed plant. This will be supplied through tankers and pipes. to different parts of the district.The collector added that during monsoon, the pits would be used for rain water harvesting.What is reverse osmosis?Reverse osmosis is a membrane-technology filtration method that removes many types of large molecules and ions from solutions by applying pressure on the solution. Impure water, pumped from granite quarries, will be forced through a multi-layered membrane to get pure drinking water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12526031", "title": "Metro railway may steer monorail", "text": "NEW DELHI: After objecting to the monorail system, Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) is now planning to build one it seems. Government sources said there were discussions between Delhi Metro and the Delhi government earlier last month about handing over the Shastri Park-Trilokpuri monorail project to DMRC. Delhi Metro will have a meeting with Bombardier in a few days to discuss monorail technology and, specifically, the 10.8km project set to come up in east Delhi, said a source.Till now, Delhi Metro had been opposing the project. It had maintained that the monorail system could not be an alternative to the Metro system as its carrying capacity was far lower than that of the Metro. However, in a meeting on January 30, Delhi Metro had admitted that monorail could be taken up as a feeder service to the Metro. During the meeting, which was chaired by CM Sheila Dikshit , a case had been made for the 10.8km project that will start from Shastri Park and terminate at the Trilokpuri Metro station, with 12 stations on the way. The project was initially proposed to be undertaken by DSIIDC, another Delhi government agency.DMRC had earlier pointed out that two Metro stations-one at Nirman Vihar on the Yamuna Bank-Vaishali corridor, and the other at Mother Dairy-Patparganj intersection, set to come up in Phase III-were clashing with the Shastri Park-Trilokpuri monorail alignment. Said a senior government official, \"After the meeting, there were discussions with DMRC regarding the alignment. It was suggested that Delhi Metro could also take up the project, as it had the expertise.\" Incidentally, Delhi Metro is preparing a detailed project report (DPR) for a 15km monorail project in Kozhikode. It is also doing the field survey for the 526km high-speed rail corridor in Kerala, from Thiruvananthapuram to Kasargode.If the monorail project is taken up by Delhi Metro, it will be the first infrastructure project besides the Metro that the agency has executed in the city. Sources said Delhi Metro was \"keen\" on taking up the project, not least because it would feed the Metro system as well. Said the official, \"The argument for handing over the project to Delhi Metro is its successful track record. DMRC also has the expertise, which works in its favour.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12525828", "title": "Depression was catalyst for their bloody end", "text": "NEW DELHI: Yashkar Sinha, according to the police, killed his wife, Archana, primarily due to financial problems. What they aren't sure about is whether he planned the incident or it was a result of some sudden provocation.Delhi Police sources said Yashkar had been slipping into depression because of two reasons - first, he was feeling burdened by a home loan of Rs 25 lakh for which he had to pay Rs 3.20 lakh every six months. Secondly, Archana was unable to conceive.\"Yashkar had been taking Archana to various hospitals since 2009 as her fallopian tubes were blocked,\" said sources, claiming that all this had unsettled him. The police claim to have recovered treatment records of Archana from various places, including Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital. On his laptop as well, they have found details of several hospitals, pharmacies and medicines.Yashkar's brother, Pushkar Sinha, however, rebuts this. \"He was a deputy director in defence ministry with a good package and Archana was also earning quite well. He was not having any financial problems, as far as I know, for the past three years. Can't a deputy director rank officer, who has no other liability, pay an instalment for a loan ofRs 25 lakh?\"Asked whether he was upset over Archana's medical problem, Pushkar says, \"They were very thick and her treatment had no effect on their relationship. They used to come to our place regularly and were always happy. Also, she was a dancer and she needed to be fit because of which she was taking medicines. The police are making up these stories\".Delhi Police agree on the fact that the couple had a happy married life. In fact, on Thursday night, around 9.30 pm, they had gone out to have juice, indicating, that till that time there was no sign of the tragic events ahead.The couple had a love marriage on April 17, 2005, and since then Yashkar had worked at several places. He had a Honda city car, which he reportedly rarely used for going to office. \"He used to travel bus,\" said the source. About the alleged trouble at work, the source said, his seniors loved him.The police are now waiting for the viscera report. The cops found about 12 packages of tablets, reportedly painkillers.Officials suspect he might have consumed some before burning himself in order to kill the pain. The doctors have found soot particles in his body and lungs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12526525", "title": "Ransom list for hostage MLA reminds of broken 'promises'", "text": "Since his abduction on the night of March 23, the fate of Jhina Hikaka, BJD tribal MLA from Laxmipur, has been sandwiched in the blame game between Maoists and the government. The kidnappers from Andhra Odisha Border Special Zonal Committee (AOBSZC) have placed some demands, 14 of which they say the government had agreed to implement post release of then Malkangiri collector in February, 2011. The Maoists say the agreement is yet to be implemented, while the government contends it has honoured the deal in letter and spirit. Rajaram Satapathy takes a look at the demands, agreement and present status.1, 2: Cancel all MoUs with multi-national corporations; Cancel bauxite mining lease in Mali and Deomali hills in Koraput district.Agreement: It is the government of India that gives mines leases. The state government will do whatever it can under the law. The state government will abide by the relevant laws like Forest Conservation Act, PESA Act, environment laws, ensure minimum displacement of tribals, adequate compensation and rehabilitation before displacement.Status: Government is silent.3: Scrap the multi-purpose Polavaram project of Andhra Pradesh.Agreement: The Odisha government has already moved the Supreme Court in this regard.Status: Case awaiting disposal.4: Release two central committee leaders, Shiladi and Padma, from Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh jails.Agreement: The state government will write to both the states.Status: The state government has written letters apprising both governments about the issue.5: Tribal status for Konda Reddy and Nuka Dora communities categorized as OBCs.Agreement: The state government is already working in this direction and will pursue it.Status: The government has already recommended to the Centre to take steps for amendment of the Constitution for according tribal status to people belonging to the two communities.6: 'Pattas' (record of rights) to tribals dispossessed of their land in Malkangiri and Koraput districts.Agreement: The government will appoint additional and joint secretary rank officers for early settlement of the matter.Status: A high-level committee headed by member of Board of Revenue constituted, but no land distributed yet.7: Compensation for families of Tadingi Gangulu and Ratanu Sirika, allegedly tortured and killed in jail.Agreement: Compensation to be given as per the HC order, respecting basic human rights and international conventions.Status: Rs 3.5 lakh compensation given.8: Irrigation in Maribada and Maniamkonda villages in Malkangiri district.Agreement: Government will take necessary steps.Status: Government says Water Resources department has taken steps.9: Release Maoist leaders and others from jail.Agreement: Government will withdraw cases and help in the release of Asutosh, Jeeban Bose, Ganti Prasadam, Sirisa, Iswari, Sarita and Gokul (truck driver), will consider cases of Tapan Mishra and Gananath Patra.Status: Ganti Prasadam, Sirisa, Iswari, Sarita and Gokul released, Gananath Patra still in jail (cases pending disposal), Tapan Mishra acquitted and released, Jeeban Bose arrested in Jharkhand, Asutosh, now in Jharpada jail in Bhubaneswar.10: Probe the missing case of Sitanna of Narayanpatna, release him if he is in jail.Agreement: Government has information no such person was arrested, administrative inquiry to be done.Status: Sub-collector conducted probe, found charges against police not true. Police say Sitanna died in a road accident.11, 12: Compensation to evacuees for Balimela and Nalco projects.Agreement: No claims pending with the government, if specific cases surface, they will be looked into.Status: No change in situation.13: Stop 'Operation Green Hunt', withdraw security forces.Agreement: Security forces will not take coercive action or use force as long as the Maoists are not involved in illegal activities.Status: More than 100 incidents of violence by Maoists have been reported since February 2011, resulting in the death of 35 civilians and 25 security men, 13 attacks on police, five blasts, nine incidents of arson, 14 counts of damage to government property.14: Withdraw cases, release activists of Chasi Mulia Adivasi Sangh (CMAS) and others from jails.Agreement: Government will examine and take appropriate steps.Status: Cases of 83 persons, 55 excise offences withdrawn.After Hikaka's abduction, the Maoists added a few more demands to their list, including high level inquiry into police encounters at Laumado of Podapadar panchayat and Jhodiapodar of Bijaghati panchayat in Koraput, adequate compensation to families of those killed in police encounters, halt in police operations to arrest CPI (Maoist) central committee member Rama Krishna, release three of their cadres -- Siku Nachika, Chakra, Bijay, presently in Berhampur jail, release all tribals from Koraput and Malkangiri districts.The state government is yet to comment on the new demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "12526462", "title": "No heat shelter for SCB Medical College and Hospital visitors", "text": "CUTTACK: The heat is on and no one knows it better than the attendants of patients being treated at SCB Medical College and Hospital.The hospital has no shelter home or rest shade forcing the attendants to spend their days in the corridor or under the trees with the temperature sizzling at 40 degree Celsius.\"I spend the entire day sitting near the parking place or in the hospital corridor. A shelter on the hospital premises would be a boon for attendants like us,\" said Bhagirathi Sahoo, whose son is undergoing treatment in the hospital's medicine ward.\"We have no other option but to bear the sweltering heat by sitting in the hospital corridors,\" said Nilamani Rout, attendant of a patient, undergoing treatment in the surgery ward.The hospital authorities have constructed an one-room rest shade outside the gynaecology ward, but patient's families claim it is hardly of any use.\"Men are not allowed inside the gyanecology ward. The hospital authorities have constructed a small rest shade outside the ward for them. It is absolutely of no use. The room is small and has no bathroom facility,\" said Dibakar Bhoi, relative of the patient.Patient's relatives, who visit the hospital from far-flung areas, claim there is an urgent need of shelter home.At least 500 patients are admitted to the hospital everyday. \"many new buildings have been constructed on the hospital premises in the last few years but no one is planning to build a shelter home for us,\" said Saudamini Behera, a patient's attendant.Even the hospital authorities are well aware of the problem.\"We are aware of the plight of the patient's attendants and we had also proposed for construction of a shelter home on the hospital premises. But because of some reasons the work has not been started. We will look into the matter,\" said Dr B N Moharana, emergency officer of SCB hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12526411", "title": "Metro Man's tips for technocrats", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Technocrats and engineers should not limit their role just to files, but should perform on the worksite for the successful implementation of a project, which unfortunately was not the case in the state, observed former chief of Delhi Metro Rail Corporation E Sreedharan.The veteran technocrat said in Kerala, senior engineers hardly spend time on the worksite. He shared his own experiences during his association with various assignments in the country, especially the Delhi Metro project, to explain how crucial the role of engineers in the project implementation was.For the success of projects, it was highly essential that the engineers maintain high standards and quality, he said. \"To err is human. But do not try to cover your mistakes. Integrity in your profession counts a lot,\" he reminded.In addition to all the other qualities, an engineer should be socially responsible too, he said. \"It is very important that the projects are completed on time. Because it is the tax payers' money that is being spent,\" Sreedharan said. He reminded the engineers that they should realize that their path to success would not be a smooth one. \"I have also faced allegations, investigations and vigilance inquiries. Don't think that things would be smooth,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12526921", "title": "Student elopes with lover from Andamans", "text": "CHENNAI: A Class 12 student from the Andaman Islands and her boyfriend who reached Chennai on Tuesday were sent to Tirunelveli, after a dramatic suicide threat from the boy and a sit-in protest by the girl's parents.Harbour police initially detained the couple as they thought the girl was a minor. Police said the 18-year-old girl R Alka Mary had eloped with her boyfriend G Muthu Yahath Ali of Melapalayam in Tirunelveli district. The couple had boarded the ship M V Nancowry at Port Blair on Saturday. Port Blair police informed their counterparts in Chennai, who took the couple into custody when they reached the city on Tuesday.Mary showed the police her birth certificate to counter the charge that she was a minor. She told police that she eloped because her parents planned to get her married to a college lecturer in her native place. Mary's father Robert, head clerk at the veterinary hospital in Port Blair, and mother staged a sit-in protest at the police station, demanding that their daughter be sent back with them. \"The girl expressed her wish to go along with her boyfriend, so we finally sent the couple to Melapalayam in Tirunelveli,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12526587", "title": "Boy beaten up by teacher, police case filed", "text": "JAIPUR: In yet another incident of corporal punishment in schools, the parents of a 12-year-old boy studying in Class VI, approached the Moti Doongari police on Tuesday alleging that their child was beaten up by his teacher following which he sustained injuries on his hand.The child was out of his class even after the interval was over following which the infuriated teacher beat him with an iron rod. Police said it has come up in the medical reports that the boy sustained injuries on his hand.According to the police, the incident took place at the Shri Purusharthi Secondary School situated at Deepak Marg on Tuesday.\"The father of 12-year-old Javed lodged the FIR against a teacher of the school named Razia saying that his son was beaten up by her,\" said ASI Mahaveer Singh who is investigating the case.\"Javed was out of the classroom after interval the when the teacher spotted him. The father says that he received a call from the school in which he was told that his son had sustained injuries and was admitted to a private hospital,\" the officer said.However, when the father went to the hospital, he did not find Javed. \"He says that he found Javed at his school. He then approached the police and lodged the FIR,\" the officer said.The police are yet to interrogate the accused teacher. \"The school was closed by the time the FIR was registered. Further investigation is on,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12527901", "title": "Employees hail state\u2019s move on reservation", "text": "LUCKNOW: The decision taken by Akhilesh Yadav led SP government in UP to quash the Mayawati government's policy of providing reservation in promotion has brought smiles on the faces of state government employees of unreserved category. Nearly 10 lakh employees would be benefited by this decision in one stroke.The high-level committee, headed by UP chief secretary Jawed Usmani, had on March 28 issued a circular stating that the state government will abide by the high court order of January 4, 2011 that quashed the Mayawati government of applying reservation in promotion.Interestingly, the Mayawati government had soon moved an special leave petition (SLP) in the Supreme Court against the HC order on February 28, 2011. With Akhilesh Yadav's government now deciding to go by the order of the Allahabad high court it remains to be seen if the state government withdraws the SLP. This is because the Apex Court had stayed the HC order. The state government employees under the aegis of Sarvajan Hitay Samiti welcomed the state government's move. President of the Samiti, Shailendra Dubey said that employees and officers will hold a convention to thank chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on April 23.On the other hand, employees under the aegis of the Arakshan Bachao Sangharsh Samiti termed it as a 'black day' in the history. \"This is brazen violation of SC order,'' said president of the Samiti, KB Ram. He said that the employees will stage protest by wearing black badges on Friday. At the same time the employees will also be requesting the CM to reconsider the decision.\"The state government should have waited till SC had given its final order, he added.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "12526511", "title": "Rape bid victim was a habitual complainant: Rail official", "text": "AJMER: Railway authorities on Tuesday said the 38-year-old woman employee who tried to immolate herself outside railway divisional manager office was a \"habitual complainant\".On Monday, the victim tried to immolate herself accusing the railway authorities of not taking action against two of her colleagues who were allegedly trying to rape her. Santosh is still battling for life at JLN Hospital with 80% burn injuries.\"An enquiry is going on in the matter and we could not say how long it will take to conclude\" divisional railway manager Manoj Seth said. He informed that the reputation of the victim will also be looked into during the enquiry as she used to make complaints often.Talking to media, Seth said, \"We recovered a file of August 2011 in which other women employees accused the victim of complaining without reasons.\" He further said she was demanding transfer to Ajmer continuously and then she filed the complaint.On action taken against the accused, he said, \"Those accused of trying to rape her have a clean record and there were no such allegations against them and even if a slightest accusations were found true during the enquiry, we will certainly take hard action.\"Meanwhile, the enquiry committee members of the North Western Railways do not turn up Tuesday to make inquiries about the incident, \"On the division level, there is no women harassment investigating committee and the complaint we received was forwarded to the headquarters and it was pending at that hand,\" Seth said.The DRM further said, \"We never expected such incidents will happen here when three-stage enquiries were going on the complaint of the victim. Even the GRP was investigating the charges.\"Civil Lines police registered a case of suicide attempt against the victim and a judicial officer took the statement of Santosh in hospital. \"It came out that the victim put petrol on herself from the parking and then walk about 400 meters to second floor to meet the DRM and then came down and the set herself on fire. No one objected or raise an alarm of her condition,\" police said. They added that during that time, the premise was full of employees and even other officials heard that the victim was shouting for justice.The victim from Beawer was working as a clerk at the Beawer railway station and on March 13 she filed a complaint alleging rape attempt by ticket checker Saberjeet Singh and ticket supervisor Bhanwar Lal during her working hours at the Beawer railway station. The matter was also informed to the police. The GRP also registered a complaint against the accused but no action was taken so far.She was upset and angry with the delay in enquiry and action against the accused. She is divorcee and has a 10-year-old daughter living with her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12526821", "title": "Flight timings back to normal from tomorrow", "text": "BANGALORE: Bangalore flight timings will return to its normal schedule from April 4 after the completion of a major part of its runway maintenance work.The runway has been closed between 10.30am and 5.30pm since March 11.Between April 4 and May 4, small sections of the runway and taxiways will be closed. An airport spokesperson said, \"This might affect the takeoff and landing of flights, but not for more than 30 minutes at night. It will entail minor changes in the schedule of night flights. Passengers should contact their airline to obtain the correct flight timing information.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12525899", "title": "Crane workers thrash 3 men, 2 cops suspended", "text": "JAIPUR: Two traffic policemen were suspended and another was sent to Police Lines after a few contract workers who maintain the cranes used by the traffic department for towing vehicles beat up two prominent property dealers and their driver at Ajmeri Gate on Tuesday evening.According to the family members of the victims, while the workers used sticks to beat them in full public view, the traffic policemen remained mute witnesses and later even encouraged them. The trio were left with serious injuries on their face. The family members alleged that the eardrum of one of them was also damaged. The family members also lodged an FIR against the crane workers.Senior politicians from BJP and Congress - Congress MP Mahesh Joshi, BJP MLA Ashok Parnami and other leaders including Surendra Pareek and Shailendra Bhargava rushed to the spot and joined the agitation that followed the clash. The family members also lodged an FIR against crane workers. \"The high-handedness of the traffic policemen in the city touched a new low on Tuesday. One Krishna Mohan Sharma was on his way home at Kishanpole Bazaar in his car when the vehicle was hit by a crane at Ajmeri Gate. The place is where all the cranes used by traffic department are stationed,\" said MLA Ashok Parnami.He added that when Krishna Mohan asked the crane driver to be careful while driving the other objected to it. \"It started as an argument between them and soon at least 20 workers at the crane station gathered and started beating up Krishna Mohan and his driver. When Krishna Mohan's brother Shiv Mohan came to their rescue, he was also beaten up. The workers used sticks to beat them, leaving them severely injured,\" said Parnami. Some constables including Mukesh and Hari Singh were present when the workers were beating up the trio. \"In view of the seriousness of the incident, two constables have been suspended, while a head-constable Sushil Pareek has been sent to Police Lines,\" said DCP, traffic, Rohit Mahajan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12527380", "title": "Did dinosaurs live in water?", "text": "LONDON: Palaeontologists have for long maintained that all dinosaurs lived on land. While some of the giant ancient birds might have been able to wade or paddle through water, they did not live in oceans, lakes, or rivers.Yet, a leading scientist has come up with a different theory - he claims that dinosaurs were too big and heavy to support themselves on dry land and must have lived in water. According to professor Brian J Ford, the prehistoric creatures \"just don't work\" in the way palaeontologists have understood for decades.He believes their tails were too large and cumbersome for them to hunt or move with agility, and said they could not have consumed enough food to sustain their energy needs.He claims they must have lived in water where their environment would support their bulk successfully.\"Every time you see these images, they are always the same. These huge dinosaurs crunching across arid deserts holding these huge tails erect as they are looking around for prey. It makes no sense. Just imagine that the landscape was water - it suddenly makes sense. This huge tail is buoyant, floating in the water. It becomes a swimming aid. Suddenly his environment is sympathetic to him,\" 'The Daily Telegraph' quoted professor Ford, a scientist, broadcaster and lecturer, as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12526780", "title": "No forest clearance for 400 road projects in Himachal: Minister", "text": "SHIMLA: Around 400 road projects are affected in Himachal Pradesh as they involve forest land for which mandatory clearance is needed from the forest department. The road issues dominated the proceedings of Tuesday's budget session in the state assembly.A road project started in 1979-80 to connect Tattapani with Salapar has been pending for the last 33 years due to no forest clearance.Chopal Congress MLA Subhash Manglet had sought information from PWD minister Gulab Singh Thakur about the present status of the Tattapani-Salapar road and the duration when the road project would be completed.In a written reply to his question, the PWD minister said that the construction work of Tattapani-Salapar road had started in the year 1979-80. Out of the total 67.625 km length, 41.125 km had been completed while the remaining construction depended on the transfer of forest land and Nabard approval.BJP MLAs Inder Singh and Kishori Lal and Congress MLA Kuldeep Singh Pathania had sought information about the road projects lying pending for want of forest clearance. They had also sought information about the steps being taken for speedy clearance of these cases.Parliamentary affairs minister Ravinder Singh Ravi while replying to a query said that the cases for transfer of forest land were being processed on priority by holding regular meetings of forest and PWD officers. He said the funds to the tune of Rs 68.07 crore had been provided by the state government for NPV payment to the forest department.BJP MLA Vipin Singh Parmar sought to know whether the government intended to four-lane the 208-km stretch of Patahnkot-Mandi National Highway, to this the minister replied there was no such plan.Congress MLA Lakhwinder Rana sought information on the condition of the Nalagarh-Swarghat road to which he informed that work would be speeded up by this month itself. Congress MLA said potholes on the road had made it difficult to take small vehicles on it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "12525432", "title": "Public transport system revamp mooted for Noida, Greater Noida", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Public transport may soon get a shot in the arm with the Noida and Greater Noida authorities along with UP State Roadways Transport Corporation deciding on granting a new lease of life to the Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) that has now been lying in limbo for over a year.In a meeting on Monday with the new roadways MD in Gautam Budh Nagar, Alok Kumar, the two authorities decided to bring in a new plan to improve the dismal intra-city public transport arrangements in the twin cities.The Noida Authority had devised an SPV comprising itself, the Greater Noida Authority and UPSRTC to change the dismal public transport system within Noida and Greater Noida.The SPV was to have officials from the three agencies to work on the upgrade, however, the project got delayed at that time due to the agitation of Greater Noida farmers over land acquisition.While the new proposal states that the SPV is to be financed by the Noida and Greater Noida authorities, officials said that they will try and rope in the Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority as well. Once the SPV is in place, a fleet of an additional 1,000 buses will be brought in and their numbers will then gradually be increased.\"The last plan did not work for several reasons, but the new UPSRTC MD showed interest in reviving the plan. Considering the lack of an effective public transport system in Noida and Greater Noida, we are more than willing to cooperate,\" said Rama Raman, CEO, Greater Noida Authority.Once the SPV is in place, the authorities will work on \"connecting all residential pockets within the twin cities and the most frequented spots\" through a new fleet of buses.Currently, around 270 UPSRTC buses ply within Noida and Greater Noida catering to a population of around 10 lakh in Noida alone. These buses hardly ever stick to the schedule and do not connect all the pockets in the city. \"We will soon have another meeting with UPSRTC to work on the details, including sharing of finances by the three bodies. After that we will work on studying the requirements of the two cities and the possible solutions to introducing an effective and easily accessible transport system,\" Raman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12526784", "title": "Malnutrition problem: HC pulls up govt", "text": "BANGALORE: The high court on Tuesday pulled up the government for its inaction and lethargic attitude towards the malnutrition problem prevailing in the state.\"This affidavit is worthless. It reads like a political speech. When children are dying you are doing nothing. All that is done is cover up exercises. All your schemes are proving ineffective one by one. What is your principal secretary doing?\" the division bench headed by the Chief Justice asked the government.'When the matter is sub judice, how can you appoint a committee? You did not inform the court about this. You are trying to subvert the hearing. You are not involving people who are really concerned about the issue. Instead, people who are amassing wealth and facing corruption charges, are put in charge,\" the bench observed. It adjourned the hearing to April 11 after the government promised to take action.The court is hearing a PIL that was registered based on media reports highlighting severe malnutrition in Deodurga taluk of Raichur district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12525639", "title": "Court trashes plea to snip song 'offending historical characters'", "text": "MUMBAI: Today's children will not know who Salim and Anarkali are, observed the Bombay high court on Tuesday, while dismissing a public interest litigation to delete a song from the film Housefull 2.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar was hearing a petition filed by the Anti-Corruption Intelligence Committee, stating that in the song Anarkali Disco Chali, historical characters Salim and Anarkali have been misrepresented. The petitioners stated that while they are not for stalling the release, they want the song or the offending words removed.The committee's advocate, Shabana Sothe, said the Censor Board of Film Certification previews the film and despite written representation on March 22, 2012, \"they are not ready to listen\". Advocate S K Shah, appearing for producer Sajid Nadiadwala, director Sajid Khan and lyricist Samir Anjana, said the petition is a stunt and there is no textbook referring to Anarkali as a historical character.The judges directed the petitioner to pursue their representation before the censor board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12531126", "title": "Mukesh Bhatt plans third installment of 'Jannat'", "text": "The makers of Emraan Hashmi-starrer Jannat have planned to make it into a franchise with a third installment in the offing.The 2008 hit film Jannat starring Emraan Hashmi revolved around betting in cricket, while 'Jannat 2' is about illegal trading in arms and ammunition, again featuring Emraan.\"We intend to take the franchise forward. There will be another films in the series.. we would have Jannat 3 etc as well,\" producer Mukesh Bhatt, told PTI.\"As we plan to make it a franchise, like how Jannat was about cricket, Jannat 2 about illegal arms trade, the other stories in the series would be on different subjects,\" he said.Jannat was released during IPL in 2008 and even now Jannat 2 would be hitting the screens on May 4 during the fifth season of the cricket tournament.The makers are confident about the fate of the sequel at the box office. \"We are sure that audience will like the movie. No matter what would be the fate of the film, we would still make the third part,\" he said.On retaining the title, Mukesh, said, \"Why should it be titled something else and not Jannat 2 . I feel Jannat 2 could not be titled anything else.. Despite having a different story, it has a flavour of Jannat .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "12526317", "title": "Girl battered, raped in Malda", "text": "MALDA: A Class-IX girl was hit with a stone and raped after she lost her senses. The victim's family alleged that though they identified the culprit and lodged an FIR, officers of Harishchandrapur police station did not take any action to arrest the accused. Instead, they advised the parents of the victim to settle the issue \"mutually\".The girl is staying at a relative's place at present and is afraid of returning home as the accused is threatening her to withdraw the case.The victim was attacked by one her neighbours - Tanu Singha - when she went to a mango orchard on March 30. \"I was hit with a stone and I lost my senses. I can't recall anything else,\" she recounted. Later, neighbours spotted the girl lying injured in the orchard after they heard her moaning.The victim was taken to local Masaldah Health Centre, but had to be referred to Malda District Hospital after her condition worsened. She was released on Monday, but is staying at a relative's house at present. \"I cannot return home till Tanu is arrested as he is threatening us to withdraw the complaint,\" the victim said.A complaint was lodged on March 30 itself, but police are yet to take any definite action. \"On Monday, police insisted on settling the issue mutually. But we can't compromise with the one who spoiled my granddaughter's life,\" said Sabitri Roy, grandmother of the girl.Humayun Mia - the family's lawyer - claimed that medical test has proved that the girl was raped. Officers of Harishchandrapur remained tight-lipped on the issue, saying they were \"not authorized to say anything and only the SP can talk to the media.\" Police super Jayanta Pal, however, said, \"I've not heard of the incident and will look into it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12526204", "title": "Revive Public Men's panel: Goa People's Forum", "text": "PANAJI: Goa People's Forum (GPF) has suggested that pending the appointment of Lokayukta, the Goa government should revive the Goa Public Men's (Prevention of Corruption) Commission set up under the Goa Public Men's Corruption (Investigation &amp; Enquiries) Act.The GPF has recalled that the three-member commission was headed by retired high court judge but it became defunct after the members retired, and the government of the day (BJP government) did not fill the vacancies and instead announced its desire to establish a Lokayukta.The GPF has pointed out that such a stop-gap arrangement aimed at giving people an anti-corruption mechanism for grievances and complaints against Public Men's acts of commission and omission, independent of the government, would not require any assent of the central government and a mere notification from the Goa government to revive the commission would suffice, GPF convenor Satish Sonak said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "12526284", "title": "King Cobra rescued at Sattari farm", "text": "KERI: A 12-ft long King Cobra (Ophiophagus hannah) was rescued inside the premises of a farm at Thane-Sattari by the Animal Rescue Squad comprising Amrutsingh and Salim Makandar on Monday afternoon.Sudhakar Avarsekar, a local, informed Amrutsingh about the presence of the snake at the farm. Amrutsingh rushed to the spot, caught the large venomous snake and released it back into its natural habitat.\"Increasing destruction of forests and environmental degradation in Sattari are the factors responsible for forcing the King Cobra to come near human settlements,\" Amrutsingh told TOI.Anti-venom given for the bite of a King Cobra, is not available in Goa as this snake is rarely found here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12526262", "title": "Karat terms capitalism unsustainable and calls for relook at socialism", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Signaling a review of the party's ideological take on socialism at the 20th party congress, CPM general secretary Prakash Karat said the socialism of 21st century will be markedly different from the socialism of the 20th century.Inaugurating the seminar on the 'Future of Socialism' at the Town Hall, he said that countries like China, Vietnam, and Cuba were trying to discard some of the things that are not relevant anymore even while trying to build on the advancements made under socialism in the 20th century.Broadly endorsing the experiments in socialism undertaken by China and other socialist countries, Karat said, \"What countries like China, Vietnam and more recently Cuba are trying to do is to learn from their socialist experiences and discard some of the things that are not relevant anymore. They have made adjustments and realigned some of the steps taken earlier not only in economic realm but also in political and social spheres too,\" Karat said.Calling for a critical evaluation of the way socialism was implemented in the 20th century, Karat said that many things were mechanically copied from Soviet Union including the principle to equate social ownership with state ownership. \"We tended to equate social ownership with state ownership even when there are many forms of public ownership, be it like collective ownership and cooperative ownerships. Even within the state-run public sector, more diverse forms of holdings and wider shareholding are there which allows a certain degree of competition,\" Karat said adding that such a trend was currently taking place in many countries across the world.Karat noted that lack of demarcation between party and state also had its adverse impact in many socialist democracies. \"While the state represents the entire people and society, the party has a more limited interest and character. Party cannot take up the task of representing or working as the state,\" Karat said.CPM general secretary also noted that the role of the market has now been recognized even in a socialist economy. \"The Soviet Union totally eliminated centralized production in the market and everything was centralized under the state. We now recognize today that market has a role to play even within the socialist economy. There will be commodity production, but its degree will vary and regulation will have to be there to see that big capital is not developed,\" he said.He said the recurring crisis of capitalism in many western countries have shown that the predatory and neo-liberal capitalism of the 21st century was totally unsustainable. \"The only system that can take the place of predatory capitalism is socialism,\" he said. Karat however added that no viable socialist alternative has emerged in those countries so far due to lack of an agency or party which has the ideological backing to fight capitalism.Cuban ambassador to India Abelardo Rafael Cueto Sosa, former ministers Thomas Issac and M A Baby also spoke at the seminar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12531171", "title": "Anil Kapoor gets into real-life characters\u2019 clothes", "text": "We've heard of method actors getting into their characters' skins. Anil Kapoor is jumping into real-life cop Isaaq Bhagwan's clothes to play the character.Kapoor met his real-ife character Isaaq Bhagwan on Wednesday to make this unusual request. Anil asked Isaaq Bhagwan for his uniform. According to an eyewitness the cop who is deeply impressed by Anil's dedication to getting the part right, was taken aback by the unconventional request.Says the eyewitness, \"Isaaq initially laughed off Anil's request protesting that they were not even the same size and his uniform wouldn't fit the actor. But Anil insisted. You know how he is. His enthusiasm soon got to Bhgawan saab and he gave in to the very unusual request. Now the team is getting Isaaq Bhagwan's uniforms altered to suit Anil's physicality. Which is easier said than tailored.\"Not only the clothes, Anil has been trailing the real-life cop for other details. In fact we heard Anil has got 5-hour long video footage specially recorded on Isaaq Bhagwan for reference purposes.Confirming these odes to method acting director Sanjay Gupta informed, \"Anil won't just be wearing Isaaq Bhagwan's real uniforms, he would also borrow his official cops' belt which of course he will return after shooting. Anil's idea is to get into Isaaq's skin via his clothes...and hair. Anil is getting the same haircut that Isaaq Bhagwan sported in the 1980s when he was a cop. Besides the clothes and the hair Anil also asked Isaaq an embarrassing question. Which was his favourite term of abuse?Isaaq told him about an oft-used Hindi abusive term that he most commonly used. But Isaaq also told Anil he never abused criminals. He used abusive language only around his colleagues. He also told Anil that his one constant prayer was , Allah koi beqasoor mere haathon se nahin mar jaye (let not any innocent man die by my hands). We're incorporating all of this.\"But it is Anil's insistence on wearing Isaaq Bhagwan's uniform that is getting doggedly time-consuming. Apparently getting the real cop's clothes to fit the reel is a bit of a problem.Says a source close to the project, \"We suggested we'd tailor exactly the same fabric and stitch it like the original uniform. But Anil would hear none of it. He's adamant about wearing Isaaq's clothes to feel like Isaaq.\"In an earlier conversation, Anil had told me how he had learnt about the importance of getting into character from Shabana Azmi .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12527120", "title": "'Can't even wash hands with this'", "text": "Grant Road residents woke up on Tuesday to \"black water which cannot be even used for washing hands\" . This is not the first time residents in the city have received contaminated water.The high court has also pulled up the civic body for treating Mumbaikars like \"animals\" , denying them their \"fundamental right\" by supplying the city contaminated water. The judges were hearing a PIL filed to highlight the death of two women in Worli, who consumed contaminated water.Surindra Khubchandani of Jay Bharat Society, Khar (W), got clean drinking water after fighting with the civic body for months. More than 200 families of the society on 3rd Road went through an ordeal when for several weeks these families spread across 65 buildings received foul smelling, brown water. This led to an outbreak of waterborne diseases in the society. \"We told the authorities time and again that the pipes supplying water to the society are old and corroded, and run through drains. The BMC acted on our complaint only after repeated reminders. The problem was that the main water line got connected with the sewer line, leading to contaminated water. They cleaned the pipes but haven't replaced them. The situation has improved but the stink in water persists . Our corporator has taken up the issue,\" said Khubchandani, adding that residents had to drink bottled water during that period.Nilesh Shah of Grant Road woke up on Tuesday to find the water contaminated. \"How can the BMC expect us to have such water? We cannot even wash our hands with it, leave alone drink it. This is not the first time that we have had to face such a situation,\" said Shah.Officials say there are many reasons for contaminated water in taps. \"Old pipelines are more susceptible to corrosion and as a result contamination ,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "12526289", "title": "Sarmanas locals block rash mining traffic", "text": "KERI: Sarmanas, a hamlet in Pilgao village, in Goa's miningbelt has been badly affected by rash and rough driving of ore-laden trucks.As the government authorities have paid almost no heed to the agonies of the affected villagers for a long period of time, residents came onto the street and blocked mining traffic on Tuesday.Air pollution, sound pollution, road accidents are the order of day on the roads of Sarmanas-Pilgao. Villagers have become victim to these problems since the last many years. Around 50 villagers led by Anil Naik blocked the ore-laden trucks on Tuesday.\"It has become very difficult for us to cross the road or drive any vehicle since undisciplined mining truck transportation has increased manifold. Truck drivers in their greed for money, care very little if the over-loaded trucks spill their contents on the road. Dust is a problem all along the road where the mining trucks carrying ore and mining rejects ply,\" said Naik.RTO official Austin Carvalho and Bicholim PSI Virendra Naik rushed to the spot and took action against mining trucks violating government regulations.Bicholim police inspector Sudesh Naik, when contacted, said, \"Seven trucks have been detained for over loading and spillage of iron ore on the road at Sarmanas-Pilgao today afternoon.\" The affected villagers from Sarmanas have submitted a memorandum to Bicholim mamlatdar Chandrakant Shetkar about their grievances faced due to dust pollution caused by the over-loaded mining trucks.Ramesh Gawas, mining activist from Bicholim, said, \"The ore-laden trucks are violating rules and regulations on Sarmanas-Pilgao road and creating a public nuisance. The government authorities have failed to monitor this undisciplined transportation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh/kapurthala", "code": "12526281", "title": "Probe into Bibi Jagir Kaur's VIP treatment", "text": "CHANDIGARH/KAPURTHALA: The Punjab state prison chief on Tuesday ordered a probe into allegations of VIP treatment being provided to former Punjab minister Bibi Jagir Kaur, who is lodged in the Kapurthala Model Jail.Kaur was sentenced to five years rigorous imprisonment last week by a CBI court for abducting her daughter and forcing her to undergo an abortion.DGP (prisons) Shashi Kant ordered the inquiry into allegations that Kaur had held meetings with visitors, including ministers of the Badal cabinet, and that she was using cellphone and availing supply of outside food . \"I have deputed an IG rank officer to conduct a probe into Bibi Jagir Kaur's so-called VIP treatment ,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12527339", "title": "2 students move Bombay High Court against re-test", "text": "Two TYBCom students from a city college have approached the Bombay High Court challenging the University of Mumbai's plan to conduct a re-examination for one subject , after the question paper was accidentally leaked last week.Jayprakash Agarwal (26) and Chetan Kumar Sharma (22), students of N J Acharya and D K Marathe College in Chembur have opposed the re-exam plans and have sought action against the persons responsible for the leak.On March 27, 2012, when 85,000 TYBCom students were set to appear for the Business Economics paper across the city, one centre in Bhiwandi distributed the next day's question paper in Marketing and Human Resources Management .The university then decided to conduct a re-examination of the MHRM paper for all students on April 11.The petitioners claimed that most students are planning to go on their vacations . Since the MHRM paper was seen only by around 40 students in the Bhiwandi centre, the petitioners argued that there was no need to subject all 85,000 students to a re-examination . \"No other student saw the leaked question paper,'' said the petitioners.The two students also claimed that the university was yet to reveal what action it had initiated against the persons who erroneously distributed the wrong question paper and leaked it. They have urged the court to order the varsity to fix responsibility for the leak and take action against the persons responsible.The duo has also sought cancellation of the re-examination .The petition is scheduled to come up for hearing on Wednesday. Though the petition mentions 40 students saw the MHRM paper a day in advance, the university's inquiry committee report stated that 510 students were given the MHRM paper.Irate students who do not want a reexam suggested other options for the university. \"One of the solutions recommended by the student fraternity is the consideration of TYBCom exam out of 600 marks instead of 700 and thus removing the MHRM paper to maintain fairness. This strategy includes the paper checkers stating only pass or fail for the MHRM paper . If the student passes, the marks will play no further role,\" said Siddhant Damani.T A Shiware, principal of Hinduja College, said the student community is disturbed over the university's decision of a reexam . Another principal added that the university should clear everyone in the MHRM paper, a stand that was once taken by the Pune University when answer scripts of a particular paper caught fire.Students who were going to hit the streets on April 4, called off the protest as they failed to get the required police permission . Instead, they are planning to land up at the high court to support the two petitioners.Top Two In The Saddle, Raring To GoSubhash Deo (55)Appointed as | Director of examinations and coordinator between colleges and the universityPrevious post | Principal, Gogate-Joglekar College, RatnagiriQualifications | BCom, University of Mumbai; MCom, University of Pune; MA (Economics) University of Mumbai; MPhil (Marketing) Shivaji University, Kolhapur; CA (Inter); Ph D (Education), University of PuneBackground | As an assessor for NAAC, he has assessed over 80 colleges across the country. Besides being a senate member for two tenures, he was the vice-hancellor's nominee on various committees of Mumbai University. He also officiated as the chief conductor/centre-incharge for several CET examinationsKumar BhagwanKhaire (48)Appointed as | Registrar, University of MumbaiPrevious post | Additional collector of PuneQualifications | MSc (agriculture), LLBBackground |From 1998 to 2011, he held many posts in Kolhapur and Solapur, including resident deputy collector, deputy district election officer, district supply officer. In 1996-98 , he was Aurangabad deputy collectorI will mainly look after the evaluation process of university exams. The numbers of affiliated colleges and students are very high. My profile includes better networking with all affiliated colleges and smooth functioning of the examination. We will have to involve more teachers in the evaluation process, to ensure results are out early. I plan to announce all results within the stipulated time. I have already started looking at the pending evaluation work in the university and will later take care of the central assessment process for the ongoing exams.I have understood the set-up of the university and how it has grown. There are certain areas that need more attention than others. I understand some issues in the distance education system need to be attended to immediately. The student population has grown enormously but the facilities at the university have not increased proportionately. There must be greater computerisation and library facilities need to get better.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12525354", "title": "English classes for cops to break language barrier", "text": "NOIDA: A few days after TOI reported Noida police's continuing inability to handle complaints written in English, a special programme for the cops specially designed to aid policing needs in the language has been announced. The SSP will soon pass an order to circle officers and all police stations to work out on the issue and share suggestions. Initially, senior level officers will be taught the language regarding police terminologies and other specific steps, including learning how to address a complaint in English.In the second phase of the English language training programme, junior level officers will be inducted into a private language training school.Treating it like a major problem before the police and complainants, work has started on solving the issue. SP (city) Yogesh Singh said that as Noida is close to Delhi, even their social cultures are similar. \"A number of persons who have served in senior positions in various governments, army and big companies live in Noida. At the same time, the city is also a hub of NRIs and foreign nationals. When such people file complaints with the police, problems are faced due to the language barrier,\" Singh said. He added that their intention is not to make personnel extremely good in writing and speaking English, but train them in such a manner that they are able to accept complaints in English and give the complainant a satisfactory reply.Senior police officials admit that not only lower level police personnel but even senior officials avoid taking complaints written in English. During the Commonwealth Games in 2010, tall claims were made by senior UP cops that personnel will be trained to improve their English, but nothing much was done. In the city, sectors 20, 58, 24 and 39 police stations receive maximum complaints in English as most of the MNCs, high-profile markets, malls and residential sectors exist there.\"We have invited suggestions from circle officers and station house officers regarding this issue. In the first phase, training will be given to CO and SHO level officers. Later, other police personnel employed as clerks and stationed at complaint receiving counters will be trained,\" Singh said, adding an agency will be hired for the purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12525726", "title": "Abandoned boy gets new home", "text": "MUMBAI: Abandoned and abused by his alcoholic father, three-year-old Rahul Soni was found outside a shop in Bhayander (west) on Sunday evening. After the police and some social workers tracked down the father, Rajesh, they sent the boy to his uncle's home in Pune.On Sunday evening, Rahul, who was sleeping outside a shop at Mandli talav naka in Bhayander (west), woke up and started crying. A huge crowd gathered at the spot and one of the onlookers, Rajendra Padwa, alerted his friend and social worker Nisar Shaikh, who, along with Hetal Venkat, took custody of the child. Rahul, who speaks and understands Hindi, was able to give his name but unable to give any further details. Shaik and Venkat, who is also a social worker, took the boy to the Bhayander police station and along with the cops, started a search for his father. Unable to locate his father, Rahul stayed with Venkat on Sunday night, who fed him. According to him, Rahul did not seem to have got a proper meal for the past several days and after he was fed, he got into a playful mood.On Monday at the police station, Rahul mentioned Ashmita complex in Mira Road. The social workers along with the police and the boy reached Ashmita. To their surprise, Rahul was a familiar face. It turned out that Rahul, originally from Nepal , was staying with his paternal uncle, who works as a watchman in Ashmita complex. The society had taken objection to the child staying with the watchman and he had asked Rahul's father to take his son away.On Sunday, Rajesh took his son away but refused to divulge where he would keep him. Rahul's uncle said Rajesh was unemployed and an alcoholic. He used to physically abuse Rahul, whose mother passed away when he was just a year old. On Monday, as the police was preparing to send Rahul to the Bhiwandi remand home, they tracked Rajesh, who refused to take custody of the child. He insisted that Rahul be sent to his maternal uncle's place in Pune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12525355", "title": "Stay on court proceedings against Kuldip Sharma", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Tuesday stayed criminal proceedings initiated against senior IPS officer Kuldip Sharma and his subordinate officer in a magisterial court in Bhuj.A criminal complaint was filed against then SP of border district of Kutch, Sharma, and his police inspector G H Vasavada for beating an alleged smuggler Ibla Sheth at DSP office in May 1984.As the complaint was filed under section 323 and 506 of IPC, a magisterial court began criminal proceedings against Sharma and Vasavada under section 204 of CrPC in September 1984.Sharma moved HC, which stayed the proceedings next month because the state government had not sanctioned the prosecution under section 197 of CrPC, which is mandatory to obtain for trial in case of government servant.In 1987, the state government filed an application before the lower court stating that the case against the cops be dismissed because there was no sanction for prosecution.However, on February 29 this year, the state government granted the sanction for prosecution and the court proceeding was re-opened. This brought Vasavada to the HC again claiming that the state government has taken opposite stand to its earlier stand in malafide manner and with biased mind.It was argued by petitioner's counsel I H Syed that the government granted the sanction after a long delay of 28 years just to settle score with the IPS officer. The diametrically opposite stand to its earlier one by the state government is because Sharma has levelled several allegations against senior ministers. He also contended that the prosecution after such a long delay must not be permitted and the state government's decision to grant sanction should be quashed and set aside.After hearing the case, justice J B Pardiwala ordered a stay on government decision to permit the criminal trial against cops.Before this, the state government re-opened a 1984 encounter case against Sharma, wherein the trial had already taken place. In this case also, the HC had quashed the FIR against Sharma.The senior cop is on deputation with the Centre, and on his plea the SC has stayed appointment of regular DGP in Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12527379", "title": "PMC in dilemma over Thursday water cuts", "text": "PUNE: Even as the civic administration is in dilemma over total water cuts every Thursday till monsoon, the ruling NCP will take a delegation to deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar against the proposal .After initial proposal to stop water supply every Thursday, the PMC water supply department head V G Kulkarni told TOI on Tuesday that the final decision has not been taken. \"If we decide on complete water cuts, we will make an official announcement ,\" said Kulkarni.Meanwhile, NCP MP Vandana Chavan has said she will lead a delegation of NGOs to deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar against PMC's proposal. \"The city is facing a water scarcity. We will take a delegation to the deputy chief minister and request him to direct the PMC to avoid a complete cut off,\" said Chavan speaking in a meeting of NGOs at the PMC's Indradhanu environment centre.Addressing the meeting Maj Gen S C N Jatar (rtd) said, \"PMC's mismanagement is responsible for the water crisis. Thursday water cuts will eventually lead to two days of water cuts. Once water supply is stopped, water lines will catch air and obstruct the supply on Friday. The PMC should have imposed water cuts early in January . But because of elections water cuts were delayed.\"NGO activists blamed politicians and political parties for the water crisis and said that the proposal for the new dam is nothing but an effort of diverting attention from the issue.Meanwhile, the MNS in a press statement has warned that if the civic administration fails to find a permanent answer to the water crisis, Puneites will come on roads in agitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12525851", "title": "2 girls share 6th position", "text": "LUDHIANA: Two city students have bagged sixth position in MSc (IT) third semester, the result of which was declared by Panjab University recently. Both Swati Jain and Richa Jain of Devki Devi Jain Memorial College for Women have secured 82.8% marks.A resident of New Madhopuri, Swati said she was not much delighted as in her second semester she had secured seventh position, but in the first semester she had bagged the fifth slot. She said painting is her hobby that helps her relieve stress.Sunder Nagar resident Richa Jain said in the second semester she stood fifth and in first semester she seventh in university. She said she is little disappointed as she had thought of being among the top five students. ''I had worked very hard for it. But next time I will try even harder,'' said Richa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12525755", "title": "Madhya Pradesh first state to ban gutkha", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh cancelled licences of seven 'gutkha' companies and banned its manufacture and sale in the state from April 1. MP is the first state in the country to ban tobacco, magnesium carbonate and nicotine-based 'gutkha' following provisions of the Food Safety and Standards (Prohibition and Restriction on Sales) Regulation 2011.Health minister and government spokesman Narottam Mishra said gutkha manufacturing licences in the state will not be renewed. \"Gutkha makers apply for licence renewal at the beginning of every financial year. This year, we decided not to renew the licences and imposed a ban on both its manufacture and sale,\" he said.The move was aimed at checking oral cancer. \"Nearly 80,000 new cases of oral cancer are being detected in the country each year, across age groups,\" he said.Last month, the state food and drug department informed district collectors and food safety officials about the ban, which is yet to be effective. Three days after the ban, gutkha pouches were found in paan shops across the state on Tuesday. Many shop owners claimed they were selling out remnants of their stock.The Food Safety and Standards Regulation 2011 has provisions for imposing Rs 25,000 fine on anyone selling food products containing substances injurious to health.Speaking to TOI, Food and Drugs department controller Ashwini Roy said, \"The ban exists for a long time. Gutkha mixed with tobacco, magnesium carbonate and nicotine was declared injurious to health way back in 2007. It is only now that the state government has taken a decision to enforce the rules.\"The state will not punish small-time gutkha sellers, at least, in the initial stages. \"We will try to choke the supply lines of the product. So, licences of manufacturing companies have been cancelled,\" said Roy.The ban could lead to smuggling of gutkha from neighbouring states. \"It will happen. There is a ban in Gujarat on alcohol, but it is smuggled into the state. A similar situation is expected here. But the option was whether to go ahead with the ban in public interest or fear smuggling and let the situation continue, risking the spread of oral cancer,\" said Roy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12525562", "title": "Missing kids: Activists put up hoardings", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city-based activists working towards finding out missing children have started putting up hoardings at prominent places in the city to get attention of the citizens. The first hoarding was put up near the Jhansi Ki Rani statue in Satellite. According to activists, ten more hoardings will come up in both eastern and western city parts by end of the month.Talking about the initiative, Sanjay Joshi, a human rights activist, said that it is a collaborative effort of parents of missing children and activists. He added that the campaign that started last month has garnered lot of attention. \"Recently, a group of college students have approached me to get details on human trafficking as they want to study the phenomenon. We are happy with the response and wish that it will put a stop on number of missing children,\" said Joshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12527848", "title": "Bahuguna\u2019s 1st homecoming after becoming Uttarakhand CM", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Congress party is ready to welcome Vijay Bahuguna on his first visit to the city on Wednesday after becoming Uttarakhand chief minister. The party has put up hoardings at main crossings to welcome Bahuguna , who shares a long association with the city.\"Though he started his political career from tehri parliamentary seat in Uttarakhand , he is firmly rooted in Allahabad where he was born and brought up and started his early career,\" said Congress leader Abhay Awasthi.He added, \"For us Vijay Bhai (as Bahuguna is popularly known) is more an Allahabadi than an Uttarakhandi given his long association with the city. After he became the chief minister , we immediately sent him an invitation to visit the city which he gladly accepted.\"Vijay Bahuguna, who is brother of UPCC chief Rita Joshi and AICC member Shekhar Bahuguna, did his schooling from St Joseph's College and graduation and LLB from Allahabad University. He also played an instrumental role in introducing golf in the city and also won all championships which were organised during his playing days. Bahuguna began his legal career in the Allahabad high court and was subsequently elevated as a judge. From here, he moved to Mumbai High court. The High Court Bar Association (HCBA) has also organised a function in his honour, said Shekhar Bahuguna.Shekhar added: \"Allahabad occupies special place for our family since our father Hemvati Nandan Bahuguna began his political journey as a student leader of Allahabad University during the freedom struggle on course to his long cherished place in the political firmament of the country\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12525465", "title": "Hazare backs jewellers' stir", "text": "MUMBAI: Anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare has offered support to jewellers who have shut shop since March 17 in protest against excise duty and other taxes levied upon them in Budget 2012. Acting on his suggestion, the traders may now hold dharnas and sing bhajans outside the houses of their local MPs.As the jewellers' bandh entered its 18th day Tuesday, industry leaders visited the Gandhian in his hometown of Ralegan Siddhi and apprised him of their fear of the dreaded inspector raj. \"Anna understood our concerns and he has promised to write to finance minister Pranab Mukherjee advocating our cause,\" said a local trader. \"He has also advised us to hold dharnas and sing bhajans outside our MPs' homes.\" Jewellery stores nationwide have been closed since the budget announcement, causing a dent worth crores of rupees in revenue both for the industry as well as government.\"We are willing to suffer losses to protect our interests in the long term. The excise regime empowers officials to conduct random searches in any jewellery store, seize documents and impose fines,\" said Prithviraj Kothari of the Bombay Bullion Association. Kumar Jain of the Mumbai Jewellers' Association said that the thousands of craftsmen who engage in a hand-to-mouth existence have been out of work since the bandh was called. \"Yet, they remain firm in their support against excise. We are planning to hold another massive rally in Mumbai on April 7. One hopes the situation does not get out of hand,\" Jain said. On Monday, the police had dispersed thousands of agitationists who organized a protest march at Zaveri Bazar, the largest jewellery hub.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12527626", "title": "Gomti sorrow: Reduced flow, rising woes", "text": "LUCKNOW: Gomti, the lifeline of Uttar Pradesh, is at its worst today . The two locations in Lucknow -- Gaughat (upstream) and Gomti barrage (downstream) --where the Uttar Pradesh Pollution Control Board (UPPCB) daily monitors the quality of the river, the level of dissolved oxygen (DO) has gone as low as 1.5. The river remains highly polluted and its condition will worsen in the summer months.The reduced flow of the river will further lower the oxygen level. And, sporadic conservation efforts fail to help its cause. The river is filthiest along the 13km stretch in Lucknow. The level of oxygen in river water is almost '0' and organic waste not less than five to six times of permitted levels.The Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) has declared the Lucknow-Jaunpur stretch of the river among the most polluted river stretches in the country. The main factors for pollution in the Gomti are sewage and industrial effluents.The most serious problem is that the ecological flow of the river has reduced drastically over the years, by not less than 35 to 40%, said sources in UPPCB. On the other hand, pressure of population has increased over the river. \"More people means more domestic waste that flows into the river everyday,\" sources added.As per conventional estimates , the city consumes about 500 mld water everyday and produces 400 mld as waste. Though the river does not have alarming content of metals and pesticides -- due to the absence of major industries -- it is the discharge of urban domestic waste that has increased organic pollution load.The two Sewage Treatment Plants (STPs), too, are not functioning to the fullest capacity. The STP at Bharwara can treat 345 mld waste, while the plant at Daulatganj can treat 56 mld waste. This leads to untreated water flowing into the river. Besides, 26 waste-water drains that flow into the river in Lucknow have not been tapped. \"We have written to Jal Nigam to tap the waste from the nullahs flowing into the river but it has not been done fully,\" said a senior UPPCB official.Ideally, the level of dissolved oxygen should not go below 5 mg/litre. But, the river water at several points along Lucknow shows no trace of oxygen or has amount as low as 1 mg/litre. This is the reason behind sudden mass deaths of fish and aquatic life in the Gomti.As an indication of deteriorating quality of the Gomti, biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) recorded at every monitoring location has been higher. It means that higher amount of oxygen from the river water is getting used in degeneration of organic waste. Since the volume of waste dumped in water is increasing, BOD is also going up.A healthy river should not have more than 3 mg/litres of BOD but in Gomti it's around 18-20 mg/litres. Pipraghat in the downstream of the river is the most polluted stretch in Lucknow.The river has 13 polluting industries along its stretch in the state; three are distilleries, seven sugar mills and one each is a paper, yeast and textile industry . In Lucknow, HAL and Parag dairy are the only industries along the river, but UPPCB emphasises that all of them discharge effluents within norms and are regularly monitored.The state government had set up a river conservation unit in May 2011 after Gomti Study Group, a group of organisations working for river's revival , highlighted the condition of the river. The then chief secretary had directed the irrigation department to restore the flow in the river and remove encroachments from its banks right from Pilibhit to Ghazipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12526907", "title": "Jewellers to shut shop for week to protest fresh tax", "text": "CHENNAI: Jewellery shops across Tamil Nadu will remain closed for a week from Wednesday as a consortium of jewellers has decided to go on a strike in protest against the Centre's decision to double the import tax on gold bars. Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee in his budget last month announced the increase of tax from 2% to 4%, with an excise duty of 0.3% on unbranded jewellery.Jewellers and allied traders in Mumbai and Delhi have been on an indefinite strike since the announcement. In Tamil Nadu, around 60,000 shops will down their shutters for a week. Unlike in the northern and western states, the strike has been intermittent in Tamil Nadu. Gold retailers in the state went on a three-day strike immediately after the budget. This was followed by a two-day strike last week. Akshaya Tritiya, the Hindu auspicious day for buying gold, is on April 24.Rough estimates indicate the industry has lost almost Rs 4,000 crore in sales across the country in the last two weeks. In Tamil Nadu, the few days strike is estimated to have cost Rs 600 crore business. The seven-day shutdown would add another Rs 700 crore to the losses in sales.The customer stands to lose the maximum. The imposition of import tax on gold bars and excise duty on unbranded jewellery would result in input cost going up by Rs 1,150 for every 10 gram and the customer paying an additional Rs 1,500 per 10 gram at Tuesday's price of Rs 26,093 for 10 gram of gold in Chennai.With the wedding and festive season coming up, jewellers are feeling the pinch. \"Marriage and engagement purchases involve payment of advance and delivery on assured dates. As the situation is still fluid, we have not taken many wedding orders, and have lost some business on that account,\" said a senior staff at Joyalukkas, a Kerala-based gold retail chain. Sales at the chain have dropped 50% in the last fortnight.Jewellers also see the strike affecting gold sales on Akshaya Tritiya. \"A lot of goldsmiths are located in the northern and western states, and many of them are on strike. So there are no new products or designs in the offing,\" says Babu Emmanuel, chairman of OKJ. The chain sources products from 50 manufacturers, 38 of whom are located in the northern states. OKJ, which has two stores in Chennai, has registered a 50% dip in sales in the last two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12526826", "title": "BJP Kisan Morcha's 'rail roko' call a flop show", "text": "CHANDIGARH: There was hardly any impact on the movement of trains in Punjab and Haryana as the \" rail roko\" call given by BJP Kisan Morcha remained ineffective.The Morcha, which had given the call in support of demand for the implementation of Swaminathan commission's recommendations, succeeded in halting few trains in both the states, but overall it failed to generate any impact.The call given by the Om Parkash Dhankar, the national president of Kisan Morcha ended up in a whimper, as the party failed to muster an impressive strength of workers during the protests which were merely reduced to a symbolic affair.Only four trains had a delayed run on the account of agitation at Ambala and Panipat.In Ambala, around 150 BJP workers marched towards the railway tracks. They left the tracks after raising anti-government slogans for few minutes.Rail traffic, connecting various parts of Haryana with New Delhi remained disrupted between 30 minutes to 2 hours.Except for delayed running of some trains which were halted at various stations for some time, no untoward incident was reported on account of heavy deployment of police forces.In Amritsar, hundreds of members of the Morcha gathered at the railway station and sat on the tracks in the morning hours, however, the movement of trains was not affected.In Sangrur, protesters assembled at the railway station and stopped the Hisar-Ludhiana passenger train at about 11 am for an hour. Protesters also burnt the UPA government effigy and shouted slogans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12526489", "title": "Buddha stays away from CPM party congress", "text": "KOLKATA: Former chief minister and CPM politburo member Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee is skipping the party's highest policy-making congregation - party congress - beginning at Kozhikode in Kerala on Wednesday. Bhattacharjee chose to stay back in Kolkata while his politburo colleagues Biman Bose and Nirupam Sen left for Kerala on Tuesday. Some of the central committee members left on Monday.According to party sources, Bhattacharjee sent a letter to CPM general secretary Prakash Karat about his inability to attend the meet, thus setting to rest speculations about his attending the 20th party congress. However, he gave his views on the draft political-organizational report and also on the ideological document when the party general secretary came to Kolkata on April 15 and urged Bhattacharjee once again to attend the party congress.It's true that Bhattacharjee has been suffering from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) for quite sometime. But party insiders can't take it as the only reason for his staying away from politburo meets and finally the party congress. In fact, the delegates from West Bengal wanted Bhattacharjee badly in the deliberations to chalk out the party's roadmap after the serious reverses that the Left faced in the assembly elections of West Bengal and Kerala.With the CPM and Left forces marginalized at the state and the national level, the party needed Bhattacharjee to express his views as he did in the CPM state conference in West Bengal. Even as the draft political-organizational report emphasizes on building a Left democratic alternative based on issues and not on the parties that switch loyalties to remain in power, there are many questions on ideology and tactic over the Left alternative, and the party's tactic when it is not in a position to lead a non-Congress, non-BJP coalition.Delegates from the BJP-run states would want the party to come clear on the BJP's stance in Parliament and outside. \"What will the CPM do if the BJP being the main opposition in Parliament moves a no-confidence motion against the UPA? Will the party vote against the Congress-led UPA along with the BJP or maintain equidistance from both the parties?\" a CPM delegate said. The question was raised by former CPM leader Somnath Chatterjee when the Congress moved the trust motion over the nuclear deal debate. CPM general secretary asked the party to vote against it along with the BJP at that time.This apart, Bhattacharjee had played a crucial role in reinforcing the democratic content in the functioning of communist parties that are commonly dubbed as dictatorial regimes. Despite his lapses in governance, the man with a clean image had cautioned the party unit in Bengal against the \"party hegemony\" in all walks of life from school committees to universities that people are averse to. His contribution would have enriched delegates in the party congress when CPM general secretary wants the entire party to rally behind the Bengal unit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12526594", "title": "Centre bows to CM, calls exclusive National Counter Terror Centre meet", "text": "KOLKATA: The Centre has given in to chief minister Mamata Banerjee's demand not to bunch discussions on the proposed anti-terror body with other issues at the CMs' April 16 meet on internal security, and called a separate meeting on May 5 that will focus exclusively on the National Counter Terror Centre (NCTC), as its top ally had wished.Mamata has objected to certain powers the Centre wants to give the NCTC that she feels are contrary to India's federal nature, and has played a crucial role in mobilizing the opposition of other state governments. Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalitha and Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi , too, have written to the PM, demanding an exclusive CMS' meeting to discuss the NCTC. Other states like Bihar and Odisha have also expressed similar views.\"Following the requests of the three chief ministers, the Prime Minister has asked me to convey that a separate meeting on the NCTC can be held on May 5. I have written to all chief ministers and hope they will all confirm their participation,\" home minister P Chidambaram said on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "pua", "code": "12525858", "title": "'Will hold exhibitions elsewhere too'", "text": "PUA: Originally from Nadalon village of Hoshiarpur, Harpreet said, ''After exhibiting my work in Ludhiana, I would also organize exhibitions in Jalandhar and Amritsar. Also in order to share my experiences and passion for the art I have created a page on Facebook called Colors of Panjaab. And the love and appreciation I've received from my friends and fans is overwhelming and encouraging.''The idea of capturing smiles and beautiful landscapes is what excites this man the most. He adds, ''Photography is my passion and it would remain with me for life, but my aim is to become a farmer since I love nature.''He said, ''I hope people of this city like my work. I believe that like other genre of art, this skill also presents the thoughts and perception of a person.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12530902", "title": "Santosh Sivan to make Anandabhadram sequel", "text": "Santosh Sivan, who made his directorial debut in Malayalam with the epic film Anandabhadram, is now coming up with its sequel.Santosh Sivan is coming up with a sequel to Anandabhadram called Bhadrasanam. However he won't be directing it this time. Famous ad-film director Jabbar Kallarakkal will mark his directorial debut with Bhadrasanam .Anandabhadram was a fantasy film inspired by the paintings of Raja Ravi Varma, Theyyam and Kathakali dance movements and also Kalaripayattu martial art forms.Reportedly Bhadrasanam will be written by Sunil Parameshwaran, who also wrote Anandabhadram. The cast and crew will be announced soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12532504", "title": "Hitler, Bruce Lee, deadliest warriors on your TV screens!", "text": "National Geographic channel adds more meaning to the word ACTION, than just cricket. All of April, welcome more men of Action on your TV screens - Adolf Hitler , Bruce Lee and the deadliest warriors!National Geographic channel allows a great warm up to the cricket frenzy and a great extension of the madness, after the fields are empty. Every day at 3 pm and 11 pm, watch the Deadly Ninjas, Lethal Samurai, Polar bears on prowl, and legendary fighter Bruce Lee pack in the real punches. From the clash of the Spartans with the Ninjas to the techniques that the king of Kung fu used, to make martial art one of the most fascinating combination of art and science- the programming lineup will give viewers access to relentless action, before, after and in between the battles on the cricket field.Built for the Kill (23rd April onwards, Mon-Fri, 3 pm): Watch the most brutal predators, in the animal kingdom , go for the kill. Bruce Lee lives (16- 20 April, 10 pm): A documentary that's tells you everything you always wanted to know about world's greatest Martial Arts' instructor. The Deadliest Warrior (Mon-Fri, 11pm): The most feared warriors of history, from Spartans to Attila the Hun, will be pitted against each other for the coveted title of the Deadliest Warrior.Speaking about the month-long action extravaganza, Debarpita Banerjee, Vice President Marketing &amp; Communication for NGC Network India &amp; FOX International Channels said, \"Viewer interest is at the heart of everything we do. This April, Nat Geo will amplify the action on the cricket field by bringing the best of combat on television. The power- packed programming will give viewers their fill of exciting content, before and after they cheer for their favorite teams in cricket.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12527008", "title": "Diseases mainly due to contaminants: Doctors", "text": "Water contamination in various pockets of the city has been the reason for an increase in diseases, not only during the monsoon but all year round. City doctors say most water-borne diseases can be attributed to contaminants in drinking water.The most dangerous contaminants are coliforms- especially E Coli (Escherichia Coli). The contaminants can affect water not only at the source but also when transported , say experts.According to Dr Anil Ballani, consultant physician with Lilavati Hospital, coliforms are found in human and animal intestines, and are excreted. \"Coliforms are of two types: commensal (normally occurring ) and diseased (harmful). While potable water contains a permissible amount of coliform, anything exceeding that poses a threat. Consumption of contaminated water can cause gastroenteritis, which includes diarrhoea and vomiting, and typhoid,'' he said. Various forms of coliform, when mixed with drinking water, may affect the liver and intestine, say doctors.Dr Khusrav Bajan, intensivist at Hinduja Hospital, says that E Coli is the most common form of contaminant found in city taps. \"It generally causes severe gastroenteritis , loose motions and diarrhoea . If not controlled in time, excessive gastrointestinal infection may even cause kidney failure,\" he said.Hepatitis A and E and typhoid are other diseases doctors see all year round. \"There are also parasitic infections, caused because of amoebae, bacillary dysentery which follows bacterial infection, and jaundice that can happen to anyone consuming contaminated water,\" said Dr Hemant Thacker, who consults at Jaslok and Breach Candy hospitals.Chemical contaminants can also be found in drinking water, which when consumed over a period of time, can cause a string of problems in the body, including gastritis , acidity and vomiting.Doctors say purifiers may not be able to work against the contaminants . It is better to boil water first and then drink it, said a doctor from the western suburbs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12526720", "title": "City won't be flooded coming rainy season, says CM", "text": "BANGALORE: Shrugging off the administrative inertia that his government has landed in due to the ongoing political crisis, chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda on Tuesday came up with an instant mantra (read promises) to make Bangalore a livable city. Like his predecessors, he too made a slew of promises.Inspecting several infrastructure works taken up by the Bangalore Development Authority (BDA), the CM came up with his commandments: will take up monsoon contingency plan and ensure Bangalore won't be flooded during the coming rainy season, will ensure city is made garbage-free, address drinking water problem on priority, will go on a Nagara Pradakshina (city tour) twice a week to inspect the progress of various works taken up by BBMP and BDA, will hold a meeting with various stakeholders of the city once a week.The CM went round the city making more promises and fixing deadlines for projects.Inspecting the construction of a four-tier road at Nayanadanahalli junction on Mysore Road, the CM set a deadline of this year-end for the completion of the project.Driving through Rajarajeshwari Nagar assembly constituency, the CM announced that a long-pending demand of residents to construct a flyover from Uttarahalli Circle to Poornapragna Layout will be implemented. He instructed BDA commissioner Bharatlal Meena to get a detailed project report prepared for the flyover.He also announced that about 100 acres of the Turahalli forest near Banashankari 6t}{+h} Stage will be developed as a park on the lines of Lalbagh and Cubbon Park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "talaulim", "code": "12526241", "title": "A Requiem like a Dream", "text": "TALAULIM: In the peaceful parish of Santana-Talaulim, there are less than four hundred Catholics. On Monday evening, however, hordes descended upon the magnificent Church of St Anne, which has stood stoically amid the village's lush greenery for over four centuries. The available seats were snapped up quickly, and the madding crowd then thronged the doorways, galleries and pulpits-any vantage point, no matter the discomfort, would do, provided they got to catch a glimpse of the choral spectacle that unfolded before them.In many ways, the magic of the Santa Cecilia Choir's performance was about the acoustic; the silent, aristocratic ambience of the massive Church has reverberated to the sound of voices raised in praise since the mid-sixteenth century. From the 130-strong ensemble's blood-curdling lows to its exquisite crescendos, every note sought to excite the monument's legendary acoustics, and make the listeners more fully aware of its glorious past.As a conductor, Fr Romeo Monteiro is revered. He evidently knows his singers well and consistently manages to get the best out of them. No surprises there, since back at the Patriarchal Seminary of Rachol, the musical formation of future priests is largely his responsibility. While the choir has a largely-unbroken 115-year heritage, there was a specific purpose to this performance-a tribute to its past president, Fr Cristovao Caldeira. Back in 1897, when the Santa Cecilia Choir was founded, its purpose was to propagate the sacred music of the Catholic Church. On Monday, it stuck to its preamble.The concert began in prayer, with the classic Gregorian chant Pater Noster (Our Father). Latin, after all, can make anything sound sacred. Next was Jesus Mhojea, a piece by Fr Lourdino Barreto, a former director of the choir who is sometimes described as the greatest classical composer Goa has produced. A volley of Requiem texts set to music followed, reinforcing the morose death theme that pervaded much of the performance. Here, Fr Monteiro pitted himself alongside the likes of Mozart, von Suppe and Faure. He proved quite equal to the task.The Requiem pieces were the highlight of the evening. The ensemble started with choir and brass dueling in Introit, Kyrie from Faure's Requiem, sometimes known as the 'Requiem without the last judgment' due to its non-threatening nature.The choir's power reached its zenith for the first time in Suppe's Dies Irae, and stayed radiant and angelic through Mozart's Lacrimosa. It maintained its intensity throughout the rest of the Requiem (the dream-like Pie Iesu, Lux Eterna), and culminated with Fr Monteiro's excellent In Paradisum.A tribute to Fr Caldeira provided a complete drop in intensity. The presentation was long, quite uninteresting, and drove many children to restlessness. Moreover, it made people more aware of the stifling heat. By the time it was over, more people used the programme leaflet to beat the heat than as a guide to the music.The second part of the concert was in English and Konkani. Though the language barrier was now broken, the elan went missing. It didn't have the majestic aura of the Requiem, and the men's section didn't seem quite as sure as they were before. A notable exception to the drop were two particularly spectacular renditions: Raymond Hann's 'Were you there' and Handel's 'Since by man, Worthy is the Lamb', which provided a fitting finale to the concert.While the Santa Cecilia choir is usually composed of 16-19 seminarians, for bigger recitals such as these, its strength explodes to close to 80, and that's not counting the around 40-member-strong accompanying orchestra.Whether this massive show of strength-on Monday, the members were jostling for space on the over-populated platform in one of Goa's biggest churches-is necessary, of course, remains a moot point.Nevertheless, the massive ensemble, coupled with the St Anne Church's extraordinary acoustics, ensured a memorable experience, and one hopes that the renovated Church will in future be known for more than just cucumbers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12527177", "title": "BA paper distributed late, extra time denied", "text": "On Tuesday, students taking the TYBA (English literature paper IV) had to wait for a long time for their question paper. While the exam was to start at 11am, students at MD College, Parel, said they received the question paper at 11.25am.K Lalitha, head of the literature department at RD National College, Bandra, said many students were disturbed over the fact that the question paper arrived late. \"Worse, students were not even given additional time to make up for the delay,\" she added.Earlier, on Monday, TYBSc students who were appearing for their Geology exam were stumped by one section in the question paper. \"The paper pattern given to us in the college stated that we have to attempt two out of three sub-questions of question three. But in the question paper that we received on Monday, there were no options . As a result, the question which should have carried only 20 marks came for 30 marks (10 marks each) and the total of the Geology question paper added up to 110, instead of 100,\" said a student.However, university officials claimed that there were no complaints received from students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12525790", "title": "Four beaten up, stabbed", "text": "BHOPAL: In a brazen incident, four persons were allegedly beaten up and stabbed after an argument over a trivial issue here in the old city area late on Monday. The accused had also damaged two cars of the victims, the police said.The incident took place when five persons identified as Sunny, Mohit, Jitendra, Rohit and Deepak were returning from MP Nagar in two cars. While passing through the old city, one of the vehicles hit a goat near the Regiment Road, police said.Situation soon took a violent turn after they had a heated argument with the locals over the issue. A few locals including Farooq, Shoaib and two others allegedly started pelting stones and beat up the youths. The accused allegedly stabbed four of them. Mohit, Deepak, Jitendra and Sunny sustained serious injuries in the incident, police said.Later, the police reached the spot and booked Farooq, Shoaib and two others, who are yet to be identified, on charges of attempt to murder. The accused fled the spot after the incident and a manhunt has been launched to nab them, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12526852", "title": "Hotwheels: 1 more bus catches fire", "text": "CHENNAI: A Metropolitan Transport Corporation bus caught fire while on the move with passengers on Tuesday, a day after a similar incident in another MTC bus triggered a scare in Kovilambakkam.On Tuesday, a fire in the engine of a bus on route 70M plying between Tiruvanmiyur and CMBT, led to the vehicle being engulfed in smoke while it was passing through MMDA Colony. The driver, Narayanan, immediately stopped the vehicle and helped the panic stricken passengers get off the bus.\"There were around 25 passengers in the bus when the incident occurred. All of them got off the bus and no one was injured,\" an MTC official said. \"A short circuit in the wiring appears to have sparked the fire.\"However, the fact that the incidents occurred on successive days has caused concern among passengers. Several regular passengers said it was surprising that buses could catch fire so easily. The incidents, they said, were indicative of the corporation's poor vehicle maintenance.In the incident in Kovilambakkam on Monday, too, the driver stopped the bus on the side of the road and rushed passengers out of the bus. A serious fire gutted an MTC bus with over 100 passengers in December 2010. All the passengers managed to get off the bus and nobody was injured.Buses in MTC's fleet also break down with dismaying regularity. Members of the corporation's technical division say they need more men to maintain the buses properly. Senior MTC officials, however, said the maintenance of buses has improved.\"The recent hike in the fares has given us more funds to repair and replace defective parts and has led to a dip in the number of breakdowns,\" a senior MTC official said. \"We had 800 breakdowns in November, but it dropped to 300 in February. We are maintaining this average. We cannot possibly do better than this.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12527014", "title": "Largest Iskcon temple in TN comes up in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: A large Krishna temple on two acres of land will be opened on April 26 at Akkarai village, off East Coast Road, near Sholinganallur. Constructed by the International Society for Krishna Consciousness (Iskcon), the temple will be consecrated on the same day.Construction of the complex, called Center for Spiritual Art and Culture, began in 2003. \"We bought six acres of land and built the temple on two. The temple will have three shrines,\" said R Subramanian, ISKCON communication representative.The 6,000 sq.ft prayer hall will be on the first floor, while the auditorium will be on the ground floor and the prasadam distribution hall in the basement. \"Of the three shrines one will be for Krishna, Rukmini and Sathyabhama; another for Chaitanya, Nityananda and Jagannath; and, the last for Baladev and Subhadra. While most of the idols are 4ft tall marble statues from Jaipur, a few were made of wood in Odisha. The construction is almost complete and preparations are on for the consecration. This is the biggest ISKCON temple in Tamil Nadu,\" said Subramanian. The organisation has temples in Madurai, Vellore and a few other places.The temple is blend of different styles of architecture, including Pallava, but the dominant influence is north Indian. Bhanu Swami, Japanese by birth and associated with Hare Krishna movement for 40 years, is supervising the construction.The rituals will be done as per the Srimad Bhagavatham, a religious treatise on Lord Krishna, said a devotee. The temple will open at 4.15am and close at 12.30pm. It will be opened again at 4.30pm and close at 8.30pm. The administration plans to conduct summer camps, painting competitions and debates for school and college students.Devotees of the ISKCON temple in Chennai have enlisted 8,000 life patrons and it is with their support the temple has been completed, says Subramanian.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12526885", "title": "N-powered US supercarrier heads for Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: A US Navy Nimitz-class aircraft carrier, the largest warship in the world, is bearing down on Chennai. The nuclear-powered USS Carl Vinson (CVN-70), which the American military has said was used to dispose of the body of Osama bin Laden at an undisclosed location in the Indian Ocean , will dock off the port on Saturday.The 330-metre-long behemoth of the seas is on a four-day visit to take part in Exercise Malabar 2012, the 15th edition of the multilateral exercise involving the United States , India, Japan, Australia, and Singapore . The Carl Vinson will be accompanied by two other US warships which will berth inside the port, officials said.\"USS Carl Vinson is coming to Chennai port to take part in Exercise Malabar, which will be coordinated by the Indian Navy,\" a Chennai port official said.The Indian and US navies will demonstrate their ocean defence capabilities off the eastern seaboard in the Bay of Bengal, from Visakhapatnam to the Andaman and Nicobar Islands that guards approaches to the Strait of Malacca, one of the world's busiest waterways, Indian Navy officials said.Indian and American armed forces have held as many as 60 exercises over the past eight years. Exercise Malabar, which has often included participation of aircraft carriers, represents the top-end of this expanding military-to-military engagement.The USS Carl Vinson (CVN-70) was the third of the 10 Nimitz-class supercarriers built for the US Navy. The carrier was commissioned on March 13, 1982 and has since been deployed in several combat operations.In the 1990s, it launched airstrikes in support of Operation Desert Fox and Operation Southern Watch in Iraq . After the September 11 attacks, the USS Carl Vinson moved to the North Arabian Sea, to launch the first strikes of Operation Enduring Freedom. In January 2010, the aircraft carrier was sent to Port-au-Prince to assist disaster relief operations after the devastating earthquake in Haiti .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12526121", "title": "Rs 150 crore foragri road map", "text": "PATNA: The state cabinet okayed Rs 150 crore for the agriculture road map at its meeting held here on Tuesday. It also gave its nod to the proposal of construction of Rajauli-Bakhtiyarpur Road and Satarghat-Keshariya Road in public-private partnership mode. The cabinet also approved the setting up of Kishore Nyas Board which will look after the welfare of rescued child labourers, according to sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12525606", "title": "Monorail pillar moved after residents protest", "text": "MUMBAI: Protests from residents have made authorities change the position of one of the pillars planned for the second phase of the monorail at Sakaram Pawar Marg near Currey Road station.The Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA), the implementing agency for the monorail, was faced with protests by residents, who alleged that one of the piers (supporting pillars) in the plan would obstruct water trucks from coming into the area. The residents also said that in case of an emergency, it would be difficult for rescue vehicles and the fire brigade to operate effectively.A study team appointed by the MMRDA could not find any evidence to justify the residents' fears. However, after holding discussions with residents as well as technical experts, the MMRDA decided to shift the plans and move the pillar a short distance away.Locals alleged that the pillar would prevent water trucks from entering the area, adding it would be difficult for rescue vehicles to operate during emergencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12527127", "title": "Damage control after SC ire", "text": "GURGAON: A day after the Supreme Court issued a notice to senior officials in Gurgoan and Mewat over mining in Aravali hills in violation of a ban imposed by it, the district administration in Bhiwani has imposed Section 144 of IPC in the mining zones.Bhiwani deputy commissioner Nitin Yadav said there had been reports of illegal mining in Loharu and Dadri subdivisions where some people were excavating mining material despite a ban ordered by Punjab and Haryana high court. A government spokesperson said the administration has banned the deployment of drilling machines, tractor trolleys or use of explosives within five kilometres of the crushers' zone. He added that as per the norms, all those engaged in the crushing of building materials have to submit details of the machinery deployed at the sites on a weekly basis. Similarly, they have to give details of the material that they get from other regions.\"These checks and balances are there to ensure that no illegal mining takes place,\" said an official. Next to Gurgaon, Bhiwani had become notorious for large-scale illegal mining in Haryana. Now, the aim is to implement the orders strictly to avoid any further embarrassment of court notices. \"The imposition of Section 144 will last till June 19,\" he added.Mining officials posted in different parts of Haryana said illegal mining has been happening in the Aravalis despite the complete ban on all such activities by the apex court. On request of anonimity, they said that some of the crushers located close to the Aravali hills in the NCR get supply from far interiors where the government machinery has lesser reach.\"Location of crusher zone facilitates illegal mining as the mined material reaches there without any check. There is a need to have proper monitoring of how many truck loads of building material is reaching these facilities and how much is coming out,\" said a government official.On Monday, the SC-appointed central empowered committee (CEC) had submitted how non-forestry activities and illegal mining were happening in Gurgaon and Mewat. The apex court has issued notices to the Haryana government and the deputy commissioners and police chiefs of the two districts seeking their response.There are over 100 stone crusher units in Mewat district and applications for another 50 are pending. The court had also observed that the presence of stone crushers acts as an incentive for illegal mining. However, a section of government officials feel that it's impossible to put complete check on illegal mining until the court allows legal mining activities in the NCR. \"How can huge scale of infrastructure and housing projects take off unless we have enough supply of building material? We are expecting some relief from the Supreme Court so that regulated mining can resume,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12525944", "title": "Independents bank on Team Anna\u2019s help", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the political battle intensifying for the upcoming Municipal Corporation of Delhi polls, scheduled on April 15, several independent candidates are approaching the members of civil society this time to campaign for them. The independent candidates claim to fight against corruption and look forward to get the support of crusader Anna Hazare and his team.Team Anna member Manish Sisodia confirmed this. \"We are getting many calls from both independent candidates and smaller political parties. They want us to campaign for them. But we have not decided on supporting anyone yet,\" he said. Some of the candidates even want Anna Hazare to participate in the campaigns. This year, over 500 independent candidates are in fray for the MCD polls including many rebel candidates from Congress and BJP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12526142", "title": "Launch of centre for innovation and business acceleration by Agnel Charities", "text": "Agnel Charities (Agnel Seva Sangh) will be launching its 'Centre for innovation and business acceleration' (CIBA) on April 4 at the hands of chief minister Manohar Parrikar. \"Ideas and innovative solutions by budding entrepreneurs will be incubated at this centre and financial assistance from venture capitalists or angel investors will be made available if the idea is acceptable to them,\" said CIBA's chief executive officer J M Noronha. Noronha added that the centre would provide facilities for innovation areas of information technology enabled services, solid waste management and food processing. CIBA has a memorandum of understanding with IIM, Ahmedabad, to provide mentoring and other services that may be required by the 'incubatees from time to time'. The centre, which is supported by the department of science and techonology, government of India, is networked with incubations networks like Asia Pacific Incubation Network (APIN) and Indian STEP and Business Incubator Association (ISBA).Inauguration of community hall at Mungul: The inauguration of the newly constructed community hall, prayer room and priest's residence in Mungul-Margao, will be held on April 9. The programme will be commence with a concelebrated high mass at 4.30pm, at which archbishop Filipe Neri Ferrao will be the main celebrant. Ferrao will also be the chief guest for the cultural programme, to be held from 6pm onwards.Cooking classes for children: Cooking classes for children will be held at Vasco during the summer holidays. All materials will be provided. For details contact Melissa (Ph: 9370531275).Clay animation technique: Bookworm, in partnership with Monsoon Grey, will bring stories to life via a clay animation technique from April 9 to April 13, between 3pm and 5pm. Salil Konkar and Milan Kandolkar will be the resource persons. For details and registration call on 9823222665.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12525987", "title": "Major blow to Brand Hyderabad, says industry", "text": "HYDERABAD: For Brand Hyderabad, that was only just emerging from the dark shadow of the T-imbroglio, the Andhra Pradesh high court ruling on Tuesday against the state government in its ongoing land dispute with the Wakf Board comes as yet another major blow, feels industry.News of the HC order sent shockwaves through the entire IT &amp; ITeS industry which calls the area home, housing as it does campuses of global and Indian IT giants like Infosys, Microsoft, Wipro, Polaris as well as financial giants like ICICI and educational institutions like ISB.The order sent officials of most of the companies in the area scrambling to figure out if the judgment would have any impact on their operations. Meanwhile, APIIC vice-chairman and managing director BR Meena said: \"All the companies in the financial district will be affected.\"Reacting sharply to the judgment, Lanco Hills Techology Park CEO S Pochendar said: \"We are surprised to hear the verdict and are awaiting a copy of the judgment. We shall challenge the judgment in the Supreme Court immediately and will pray to the court to set aside the same.\"While IT players like Microsoft declined to comment on the matter saying they had not had a chance to have a look at the order, an Infosys spokesperson said: \"We have not seen the details of the court order as yet, accordingly it is too premature for us to comment on this matter.\" Wipro Technologies' global head (operations) Hari Hegde said: \"The land at Manikonda in Andhra Pradesh was allotted to Wipro by the Andhra Pradesh Industrial Infrastructure Corporation (APIIC). We are yet to hear from APIIC on the implications of the ruling and therefore it is too early to comment on the matter.\"\"We are awaiting the details of the High Court order with respect to the land ownership matter in Manikonda village, and will be able to respond after we have studied the order,\" an ISB spokesperson said: However, expressing concern over the latest turn of events, AP Inc top guns termed the development as very disturbing and one that could have an impact on Brand Hyderabad. \"AP government had invited companies to invest and given legal documentation for the land. In good faith many companies invested millions of dollars. This ruling puts a big question mark over future investments in Andhra Pradesh even as those who have invested will be very worried. This is a ticking time bomb that the state government needs to diffuse to retain investor confidence,\" said the IT and ITeS Industry Association of AP secretary general Bipinchandra Pendyala. Meanwhile, former Confederation of Indian Industry's AP council chairman Harishchandra Prasad said that apart from the impact on industry, the decision would also affect the common man as many people had purchased property in projects in the area like Lanco Hills. \"It is very important to resolve any issue involving the common man. Priority has to be given to quickly closing such matters otherwise it will not only affect business activity but also the common man.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12528633", "title": "2G case: SC likely to hear case against Chidambaram", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court is expected to hear on Wednesday a plea seeking investigation against Union home minister P Chidambaram for his alleged role in the 2G spectrum scam.Janata Party president Subramanian Swamy and the NGO, Centre for Public Interest Litigation have moved the apex court against the trial court order giving clean chit to Chidambaram in the scam.Swamy had accused Chidambaram of acting in collusion with jailed former telecom minister A Raja on spectrum pricing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "12524856", "title": "Govt auditors in coop sector almost defunct", "text": "Yavatmal: A number of audit units under the special office has almost become defunct after the government decided to entrust the annual audit of district central cooperative banks to the registered chartered accountants in the state some years back.The ministry of cooperation had in 2005 decided to approve private auditors and CAs despite having a well established wing of audit department in each district. The decision turned out to be a boon for private auditors and CAs. It however turned out to be a bane for hundreds of government auditors in the cooperative sector.Yavatmal district special audit wing has a separate audit unit comprising 19 employees for audit of Yavatmal District Central Cooperative Bank (YDCC). However, this unit is almost defunct since the last three years as the bank's annual audit has been given to private CAs. Employees are being paid despite the fact that they hardly have any work to do. Their services are indirectly utilized by deputing them to conduct special audit or inquiry into the irregularities committed by the cooperative societies.Sources said that there are over 1,200 employees in the district audit department across the state. There are chances that these employees may be shown the door citing the reason of no work-no wage policy.The government conducts examination every year to grant diploma in cooperative audit and a certificate is issued to the successful candidates. Regional joint registrar of the cooperative societies of each division is then empowered to prepare a panel of such qualified auditors who have gained at least three years' experience. The societies are allotted to panel members to carry out annual audit of the co-op societies allotted to them. These private auditors carry out audit at the whim and fancy of the office-bearers of the societies concerned. There is no transparency in such audits. Many faulty audits were detected in the past after inquiries.District special audit officer Sadanand Kumbre confirmed that such a situation was prevailing in the audit unit of YDCC Bank. However, he said, the government has not yet taken any decision to resolve the problem of financial burden suffered by it.Reliable sources said that the state cooperative department was self-sufficient and the revenue garnered by way of audit fees from the respective societies was adequate to meet the salary and other expenses of the employees till the new rule came in force. Now the department is running into financial crisis due to loss of revenue suffered earlier by way of audit fees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12525685", "title": "Mayor inspects pending work at Neelam Park", "text": "BHOPAL: Mayor Krishna Gaur and BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastav inspected the ongoing work of the Bhopal's first lazer show auditorium at Neelam park in Jahangirabad on Tuesday.Soon after Times of India carried a report on Monday April 2, 2012 over the delay in the construction of this park.Though the UAD minister had earlier announced that the park would be ready for public by April. However, looking at the present scenario, this seems to be a distant dream. \"The work is almost 82 percent complete,\" mayor Krishna Gaur said. \"I have instructed the officials to complete the work as soon as possible,\" she added. This amusement park will also have a musical fountain and a parking for over 500 vehicles apart from the lazer show auditorium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12525934", "title": "Extra-judicial executions: Pay Rs 28 crore for killings, Punjab told", "text": "NEW DELHI: Almost 18 years after over 2,000 people were killed and summarily cremated at the height of militancy in Punjab, there is some relief for the families of the victims. The National Human Rights Commission on Tuesday recommended nearly Rs 28 crore to be paid to the families of 1,513 victims of what came to be known as the Punjab mass cremations case.The order followed a 16-year-long NHRC investigation into the \"illegal killings and disappearances\" which culminated in the cremation of 2,045 bodies in Amritsar, Majitha and Tarn Taran districts between 1984 and 1994.The order would be binding on the government as the NHRC had been requested by the Supreme Court to investigate the cases.Only 1,513 bodies could be identified. Of these, 195 cases are of those who were deemed to have died in police custody as their detention by thepolice had preceded theirsudden disappearance. Families of these victims have been awarded a higher compensation.\"The NHRC has recommended a total of Rs 27.94 crore as monetary relief to the next of kin of 1,513 deceased whose bodies could be identified out of cases of unidentified 2,045 bodies which were remitted to the commission by the SC popularly known as the Punjab mass cremations case,\" an NHRC release said.A total of 532 bodies remained unidentified despite efforts by the commission from the date of remittance in December 1996, the release said. The Supreme Court had referred the matter to the NHRC on December 12, 1996 saying any compensation awarded by the commission shall be binding and payable.Since then, the release said, the commission heard the matter from time to time.The commission held that for the violation of human rights of a total of 194 deceased admittedly in police custody immediately prior to their death and their cremation, their kin were entitled to monetary compensation of Rs 2.50 lakh each.Regarding 1,051 other identified deceased persons whose bodies were not in police custody but cremated by the state without following Punjab Police Rules, the commission awarded monetary relief of Rs 1.75 lakh to each of the affected families.The commission appointed Justice KS Bhalla, a retired judge of Punjab and Haryana high court, to receive evidence and conduct an inquiry to fix the identity of the remaining 814 deceased persons. Justice Bhalla submitted a report in June 2007 mentioning that the committee had been able to identify 143 deceased persons.For facilitating the identification of the remaining bodies, the commission constituted another committee comprising DS Bains, IAS, Virender Singh, district and sessions judge (retired) and DIG, border range, Amritsar, as members.The Bains committee on March 22 submitted its final report which mentions that the panel had been able to identify 125 bodies during the sittings. An NHRC spokesperson said the commission on March 27 considered the report and recommended monetary relief of Rs 1.75 lakh each to the next of kin of the deceased identified by the committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12524879", "title": "Delay in finalizing zones hits civic services", "text": "NAGPUR: The civic services to many areas are hampered to a great extent due to delay in zone-wise distribution of wards. The issue may be settled in maiden meeting of new general body.There were 136 wards before the recent municipal election under single member ward system. These wards were divided in 10 zones. For recent elections, the system was changed to two-member. Thus 72 new wards were formed by clubbing areas of two or more wards. The zone-level system was disturbed and required distribution of new 72 wards among 10 zones. That work has not been completed thus creating problems in civic services. The civic works are implemented zone-wise.Corporator from Mahendra Nagar Ward Aslam Khan said his ward was formed by joining areas from three erstwhile wards. \"Sanitation and water supply works are hampered due to problems about jurisdiction. Officials are not listening to complaints. There are several complaints of contamination of water,\" said the corporator who belongs to ruling group.Congress corporator and former standing committee chairman Abha Pande said the Maskasath ward represented by her came under two zones. \"Staffers of two zones point towards each other in case of any problem. Besides, pending works of roads are also hampered,\" she said.An official told TOI the process to distribute the wards into zones was in final stage. \"Eight zones will have seven wards each while two will have eight wards. The officials have submitted the report with municipal commissioner. Suggestions from assistant commissioners of all zones are expected to come by April 2. The new arrangement requires approval of general body,\" he said.Leader of ruling party Praveen Datke said the meeting of general body would be held soon. \"Decision of distribution of wards will be taken up in the first meeting,\" he said. Sources said the meeting was likely in first or second week of April. Mayor Anil Sole and Datke were waiting for change of group leader. During the registration with divisional commissionerate, BJP-led Nagpur Vikas Aghadi (NVA) had named Sole as group leader. After Sole was elected mayor, Datke was named as ruling party leader. An application for making the change was submitted. On Friday, the NMC received the letter designating Datke as group leader. With this, Sole may now call the meeting as official posting of leader of ruling party also requires general body's approval. The general body also has to co-opt five corporators in the first meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12526413", "title": "Rs 1.8-crore 'bungling' in Utkal University e-governance project", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: An audit report has dug up a huge fraud in the launching of e-governance project at Utkal University. According to it, Rs 1.8 crore was paid by the varsity authorities to a private party for launching the service which never really became functional.The audit report by the accountant general of Odisha has further alleged that the amount was paid to the company after the varsity registrar and the designated administrator of the project had allegedly issued a false certificate to the company confirming successful completion and functioning. The money was taken from development fund collected from students of self-financed courses.The project was conceived in 2004 to computerize all levels of varsity functioning. An intra-varsity network was supposed to be developed linking various sections in the loop, thereby ending paperwork and improving efficiency, transparency and accountability.The audit report said contract for implementation of the project was awarded to Teledata Informatics, a Chennai-based company in 2004-05. The company was supposed to charge Rs 99 lakh on hardware, Rs 36 lakh on software, Rs 21 lakh on data collection and entry, Rs 21.83 lakh on networking and Rs 1.80 lakh on manpower training.According to the agreement, between the varsity and the company, the varsity was supposed to pay 10 per cent on acceptance of detailed project report (DPR), 20 per cent on completion of networking, 20 per cent on commissioning of hardware and 50 per cent on total completion of the project.The project was divided into eight zones: office administration, students file, examination, development projects and plans, library, distance and continuing education, college development council and departmental profile. Soon after the certificate was issued, the system manager and officers in-charge of various zones of the varsity complained that the software was not working and no work whatsoever could be done with it.The report pointed out serious lapses in the implementation of the project beginning from the conceptual stage. It pointed out flaws in need assessment, fund arrangement, technical assessment, technology and company selection, approval of DPR, data migration for software, installation of hardware, training of varsity staff, application of prototype of the software, finalization of software requirement specification, customization of the software.Besides, the tender document was not a full fledged one as it did not contain details of technical specification requirements, volume of work based on nature and period of data. Though the varsity had decided to involve National Informatics Centre (NIC) in tender making, the project administrator had turned down the suggestion.The report also said the bidders allegedly took advantage of the lack of technical experience and knowledge of the scrutiny committee, which had no technical expert as member. Even after the full payment, the firm has not handed over the source code and intellectual property right to the university.The audit report said it was a planned fraud with an intention to derive optimum financial benefit from the university. Since no funding agency was involved (it was students' money), the authorities went at their will to execute the scheme only to favour the supplier, the audit report pointed out, adding, kickbacks can't be ruled out.The report held the government-appointed administrator (A K Samantray), varsity administrator of the project (Prof L P Singh), vice-chancellors, registrars, controller of finances and zonal heads of the eight zones during 2003-2010 responsible for the swindling and recommended a vigilance inquiry into the matter to ensure accountability and fixing responsibility on the erring officials. A K Samantray, L N Mishra and Binayak Rath were vice-chancellors in the said period. Rs 90 lakh was paid when Rath was the VC.Varsity authorities, when contacted, said they were going through the audit findings. \"The audit report has been circulated among the various departments for their comment. They will have to confirm their compliance with the audit authorities. After getting the feedbacks, we will look into suggestions of further probe and fixing responsibility,\" said registrar Debendra Nath Jena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12524975", "title": "CBI's Bangalore unit probing PSU irregularities in Tatra deal", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation's Bangalore unit is conducting an enquiry into the functioning of defence PSU BEML in the Tatra deals, sources told ToI. The agency questioned Vectra chairman Ravi Rishi for the fourth time on Tuesday, while sources claimed that \"a team would be going to London soon with the LR to get more details about the company\".They added that the Bangalore unit has been looking into the functioning of BEML for quite sometime now. The agency has also sent a request to the defence ministry for seeking prosecution sanction to probe the CMD of BEML V R S Natarajan.Rishi was questioned on Tuesday again in connection with alleged irregularities in the Tatra truck supply to the Army. Rishi, who is 'cooperating' so far, has been asked to produce all the documents related the Tatra Sipox UK agreement with the BEML that was inked in 1997, sources said. They said, the agency is examining the documents that have been found during CBI searches and those provided by Rishi himself.Sources said Rishi has told the officials that most of the documents are in his UK offices and assured that they would also be provided to the agency. Once the agency sifts through the documents, it will have a clear picture on other accomplices in the case and will call them for questioning.Sources said that the Tatra Sipox UK- BEML deal was allegedly conducted in violation of the defence procurement rules since norms stipulate that purchase should be done directly from the original equipment manufacturer. The first agreement for the supply for the Tatra trucks - used for the transport of soldiers, heavy machinery, missile systems etc - was signed with Czechoslovakia-based eponymous firm in 1986.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "12527270", "title": "2 killed, 2 hurt in Mehsana knife attack", "text": "PALANPUR: Two persons, including a minor, were killed and two others injured when a man went berserk and attacked people with a knife at Palodar village in Mehsana on Tuesday.The assailant has been identified as Kransinh Ramsinh Vaghela. He had some argument with other villagers over supplying water from his tubewell.The deceased have been identified as Arjunsinh Bharatsinh Vaghela (11) and Sambhuji Jehutji Vaghela (36).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12526698", "title": "Lifetime tax will cost them their living", "text": "BANGALORE: They can't even provide their family a wholesome meal thrice a day and dread to continue their children's education. This is the condition of most drivers of luxury 'yellow board' vehicles and their owners.\"It's been long since my wife and I had three meals a day. The lifetime tax will hit us badly because we now have to admit our youngest child to a government school,\" said Bhanu Prakash, a driver in JP Nagar. Prakash has been in this service for 16 years and drives an Innova. He has a wife, two sons and daughters; with him; all his children go to government schools.\"In a month, if my business is worth Rs 50,000, I need to pay Rs 22,000 as EMI for the car, cess of around Rs 2,000, yearly insurance of Rs 40,000 and maintenance charges of Rs 15,000 every month. I take home a salary of Rs 10,000-20,000. How can I pay rentals, educate children, feed my family with quality food and fulfill their needs?\" he asked.Even Uma Shankar and Thimmaya, who have been cab drivers for 20 years, find it difficult to led a decent life after coughing up taxes to fill the government exchequer. \"I have no money to admit my only daughter in an English-medium school. Schools will not reduce admission charges for a driver's daughter, but the government can at least be kind to us. Let us educate our children properly,\" said Khalel Muzammil, a driver in DJ Halli. Khalel has a four-year-old daughter, Taiyabba.Due to tax burden and less turnout of tourists during some months, many drivers are forced to take loans from friends. \"Last month, I made Rs 36,000, of which I had to pay tax, insurance money and maintenance charges for the vehicle. I was forced to take loans from a friend to pay the EMI. How can I continue to educate my three children now?\" asked Nachappa, another driver, who has been in service for the past 25 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12527146", "title": "'Dear patron, hire cab or driver'", "text": "Worried over the recent cases of accidents caused by drunk driving, owners of bars, pubs and permit rooms are planning to display banners and posters urging tipplers to hire a driver or take a taxi back home.The job, though, is easier said than done. \"We request patrons not to drink and drive, but this often leads to brawls. Also, there are customers who visit several bars in a single night, making it impossible to keep tabs on the number of pegs they have and advise them accordingly. When asked for permits or age proof , they leave, buy drinks from liquor shops and zoom away in their cars,\" said Sudhakar Shetty, president of Ahar, talking on behalf of over 7,000 bar and pub owners in the city.Ahar secretary Shashikant Shetty said the campaign against drunk driving should be a sustained effort. \"On our part, we have decided to put up banners and posters urging patrons not to drink and drive, and instead hire drivers or taxis.\"The Ahar president has urged the police to provide bars and pubs with such banners . Joint commissioner of police Vivek Phansalkar said the traffic cops would always welcome such a campaign.Bar owners say another cause for concern is that many people have started drinking in cars, secluded areas or on streets as going to a pub has become expensive. People also avoid going to bars in view of the frequent police raids. Such practices may lead to accidents and brawls, they point out.In the Juhu case, the police have booked the manager of a pub for serving liquor to some youths without checking their permits. Reacting to this, the Ahar secretary said: \"Booking a pub manager or owner means trying to treat the symptom of a disease and not the cause.\" The Ahar president claimed bar owners ensured that they gave hard liquor only to those above 25 years of age.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12526059", "title": "Court rejects Kazmi\u2019s bail, cites prima-facie evidence", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Tuesday denied bail to journalist Syed Mohammed Ahmad Kazmi, saying there was prima-facie evidence of his involvement in the terror strike on an Israeli diplomat.\"Suffice it to say that at this stage on the basis of call records of the mobile phone recovered from the applicant and the statement of witnesses, it is clearly apparent that the basis of allegations against Kazmi of conspiring with the actual assailants are there, which prima facie show that he had a role to play in this terror strike,\" chief metropolitan magistrate Vinod Yadav said.Kazmi had moved court seeking bail on the ground that the investigating agency had not sought further police remand, which showed that he has already disclosed whatever information he had and that the police have arrested him on false charges of conspiring and helping the accused.Rejecting his plea, the court said, \"Considering the gravity of offences, the severity of punishment prescribed under the law for such offences, the stage of investigation, and the large-scale international ramifications of the investigation, I am not inclined to admit applicant on bail at this stage.\"Kazmi's counsel had claimed that his client had not received any financial help in the case and the foreign currency recovered from him was his son's, who gets his salary in dollars. The court, however, rejected the contention and said, \"From the perusal of the material it is apparent that Kazmi was in touch with the assailants; he probably got the money in relation to this conspiracy as well, for which the Enforcement Directorate has already issued notice to him and his wife and he said proceedings are going on before appropriate forum.\"Further, the vehicle stated to be used by the assailants for a recce of the Israeli Embassy was recovered from the residence ofKazmi.\"The court further said that the material collected by the agency during the investigation disclosed that \"Kazmi was in touch with some of the terrorists who had planned the strike in three countries simultaneously upon the diplomats of a particular country\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12527248", "title": "Year on, SIT set up to probe Pushpa\u2019s disappearance", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It has been more than a year since Pushpa disappeared in January last year and the Chandigarh police have now, finally, constituted a Special Investigation Team (SIT) to investigate her mysterious disappearance.The SIT, headed by additional superintendent of police (ASP) Desraj Singh (IPS), will include SHO of Sector 17 Ranjodh Singh, sub-inspector Rajeev Kumar, SI Sarita Rai and SI Omprakash. Chandigarh SSP Naunihal Singh revealed this before the Punjab and Haryana high court on Tuesday through an affidavit.The affidavit was filed before Justice Ranjit Singh, who had taken cognizance on the habeas corpus petition filed by Pushpa's husband Prabhakar Singh seeking directions to trace his wife. On Tuesday, Justice Singh issued a show cause notice to one of the accused, Farukh Khan, asking why his bail should not be cancelled for not appearing before the court in regard to this case. He summoned the entire record pertaining to the evidence recorded by the trial court in this case. Further hearing in this case has been scheduled on April 27.In his petition, Prabhakar Singh has sought specific directions to recover his wife from the clutches of Farukh Khan and Sham Sood.According to Prabhakar, who is shuttling between Mumbai and Chandigarh over the past one year looking for his wife, it was on January 2 last year he got a call from Pushpa informing him that she is in trouble. He had then e-mailed her air tickets of a Chandigarh to Mumbai flight, which she apparently missed due to fog. Her whereabouts haven't been known since then.UT police failed to find any clues about Pushpa from her friend Farukh Khan, who has been booked for her abduction along with Sham Sood.UT police had, earlier, filed a reply informing the high court that despite serious efforts, it could not trace Pushpa. They had arrested Farukh and Sood in connection with her disappearance and both are on bail from the court. The police had issued advertisements in newspapers, TV channels and examined the details of her credit card and cell phone, but found no clue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12526152", "title": "Police seek actress' custody in sex racket case", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Banjara Hills police filed a petition in a local court seeking custody of actress Tara Chowdary, who was arrested for organising a prostitution racket.The Banjara Hills police said they had found spy cameras at Tara Chowdary's flat at Navodaya Colony and the preliminary probe revealed that she was recording sleazy videos. Tara was arrested under the Prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act (PITA) on Friday when a victim approached police alleging that she had lured her to the city with a job offer and forced her into prostitution.\"We have found incriminating evidence at Tara's flat and, if we get her custody, she want to grill her to know what she was doing with the hidden cameras,\" Banjara Hills inspector M Sudershan said.Police had found phone numbers and visiting cards of several businessmen, politicians and even police officials in possession of Tara. She was earlier arrested by the Banjara Hills police in 2005 in a PITA case. The court posted the custody petition to Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12525705", "title": "SC asks Madhya Pradesh about action on safe water to gas victims", "text": "BHOPAL: Amid the controversy over utilisation of the funds meant for the gas affected areas, the Supreme Court has directed the state government to file an affidavit on the steps it has taken to ensure clean and safe drinking water in areas worst affected by the gas leak.The Supreme Court bench headed by Justice Altamas Kabir and Justice J Chelameswar has given the state government three weeks to file its reply.The Supreme Court in May 2004 had directed the union government to ensure safe drinking water for the gas victims living near the carbide factory. Research foundation for Science study of gas affected areas had revealed that water in the worst gas affected areas was contaminated.The Supreme court order on Thursday has asked the Madhya Pradesh state counsel that details should be provided as to what steps have been taken by the City Engineer Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) in ensuring that uncontaminated water is available to the residents of the area in and around the Plant and also as to the steps taken for decontamination of the ground water in the area.In addition the Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) has also been told to file a report with regard to the efforts initiated to remove contamination.The court directed the state government in an on-going case of Research foundation for science v/s union of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12525478", "title": "Thieves run away with ATM, steal Rs 22L", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A gang of thieves stole an entire automated teller machine (ATM) from an ATM kiosk in Maninagar on Monday night. Police believe it to be handiwork of inter-state gang and have started investigation on the basis of CCTV footage found from the spot. The machine contained Rs 21.83 lakh cash as per a complaint by bank officials.According to Maninagar police officials, Dhanji Rathod, a resident of Naroda and manager with State Bank of India (SBI)'s Maninagar branch lodged a complaint that somebody entered into the ATM kiosk at the basement of Kalgi apartment near Dakshini flyover between 11 pm on Monday and 7 am on Tuesday. The group stole an ATM from the kiosk and fled from the spot. As per Rathod's complaint, the ATM had Rs 21.83 lakh cash and the ATM was worth Rs 2.80 lakh. Thus, the thieves stole total goods worth Rs 24.63 lakh from the spot.\"The theft was reported on Tuesday morning after which a team rushed to the spot and looked for clues. The thieves had chosen the ATM that was not firmly rooted on a platform due to which they could steal it. The kiosk has two ATMs out of which one has been stolen. We have found marks on the second machine that indicates that the group tried to steal it as well,\" said a Maninagar police official.Investigators added that the SBI ATM did not have any security guards. \"A camera footage shows a man with fair complexion wearing a handkerchief around his mouth approaching the machine before the second camera is also cut off from power supply. We are at the moment trying to establish identity of the man from the past records of groups with similar modus operandi,\" said the official.D M Chauhan, inspector of Maninagar police station, told TOI that they suspect it to be handiwork of more than three to four men. \"It was a heavy machine and more hands would be required for stealing it and carrying it in a vehicle such as a mini truck. We do not rule out the possibility of an inter-state gang involved in the act. We are getting more details on the machine and people responsible for its handling from bank officials to know whether any insider was involved,\" he said.BOXAttacks on ATMFebruary 21, 2012: Thieves decamped with Rs 28,500 cash from Axis Bank's ATM near Gor no Kuvo area in Khokhra. The deposit box was forcibly opened with sharp metal object after cutting off CCTV wires.January 12, 2012: Attempt to break open an ATM of Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) on Yogi Complex on Drive-In road at Thaltej. Thieves tried to break open the safe, but failed break the steel plate.May 24, 2011: Thieves cleared Rs 7.17 lakh cash in just 10 minutes from an SBI ATM in Anandnagar. Thieves had stuck a piece of paper on CCTV and made a 2 square feet hole by metal cutter in the safe.April 15, 2011: A disconnected ATM machine at Swaminarayan Park II, Nirnaynagar was dragged to the door. Police later arrested three including a security guard for the attempt. Nothing was reported stolen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12526459", "title": "Nalco achieves record production", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The National Aluminium Company Ltd. (Nalco) achieved the highest-ever bauxite production of 50.03 lakh tonnes in 2011-12, against the previous best of 48.79 lakh tonnes in 2009-10.The alumina refinery of the company produced 16.87 lakh tonnes of alumina hydrate. However, during the year, the metal production of the company slumped marginally from 4.44 lakh tonnes to 4.13 lakh tonnes. Nalco CMD B L Bagra said: \"Besides coal shortage, the dwindling LME prices of metal, forced the company to cut down its production of metal to some extent.\"Nalso also recorded 415,916 tonnes of cast metal sale, against 438,952 tonnes the previous year. Moreover, the company achieved the alumina hydrate sale of 842,396 tonnes, against 681,917 in 2010-11. Aluminium export by the company stood at 98,399 tonnes this year, against 98,200 tonnes achieved in the last financial year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "12527002", "title": "Nilamber Pitamber University VC at loggerheads with Congress MLA", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Vice-chancellor of the Nilamber Pitamber University, Firoz Ahmad has written to the chancellor of universities complaining against Congress MLA Bishrampur Chandra Shekhar Dubey's behaviour. Ahmad's letter mentions that the MLA has shouted at him and abused him verbally on the university premises on Monday.A shock wave has gripped the university, following the incident, said the registrar of the university P K Verma. The matter relates to Sant Tulsi Das College, Rehla which falls under Bishrampur assembly. Ahmad said that Dubey is pressuring him to accommodate few men in the governing body of the college which he asserted, is unfair and illegal.Speaking to the media on Tuesday, Ahmad said, the principal of the college has also been served a show cause notice by the university for continuing his office despite getting a suspension order. The MLA is also at loggerheads with the principal of the college for continuing his work despite suspension.Sources said Dubey is also averse to the presence of Palamu MP Kameshwar Baitha as a governing body member of the college. On the other hand, Dubey when contacted said that Ahmed does not work at all and behaved arrogantly with him, on Monday. He said, \"I have been asking him to get some work done at the Sant Tulsi Das College but he has always been very casual about it.\" The MLA said he had only expressed his resentment towards Ahmad's attitude. Dubey maintained that Ahmad was hampering the welfare of the college deliberately owing to his lackadaisical attitude.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12525237", "title": "UPSC fell in line with MHA on special hiring drive for IPS officers", "text": "NEW DELHI: The UPSC, which is conducting a limited competitive examination (LCE) to recruit IPS officers from among the pool of state police, paramilitary and Armed forces, had once strongly objected to this special recruitment test, stating that the proposal has the potential to open a \"Pandora's Box\".The Commission had cited various reasons ranging from issues of quality of service and seniority of existing IPS cadres to depletion of middle-raking officers in states and paramilitary forces while opposing the move. It had, in fact, recommended increasing the intake of IPS officers in the annual civil services examination (CSE) instead of starting a new test.Though the UPSC had to later fall in line due to the home ministry's insistence to go ahead with the LCE to fill existing vacancies in the IPS, its original contention against the concept of such examination has now given fodder to various police officers' associations for opposing the move to conduct the test that is slated to be held on May 20.Such associations in as many as 22 states are up in arms. While Kerala IPS Association has moved court against the government's move to hold the exam, a similar body in Rajasthan has formed a panel to protect the legitimate interests of officers through giving representations to the CM and other functionaries.\"Most of them including Uttar Pradesh, Kerala, Odisha and West Bengal will write to their respective CM to raise the issue - as reflected in UPSC's original opposition to such plan - during the forthcoming Conference of CMs over internal security issues on April 16,\" said an officer, who is actively mobilizing support of fellow IPS officers against the move to hold LCE.An internal official note - accessed by a voluntary organization Zakat Foundation of India (ZFI) which too has taken the matter to court over \"narrow eligibility criteria that violates rights of minorities\" - shows the UPSC's reluctance to hold the exam. The Commission had on March 15, 2010, sent the note to the home ministry, saying, \"The LCE by its very nature cannot match the CSE either in terms of the base for selection or in terms of process of selection. There appears to be no reason why the additional requirements for IPS cannot be made through the same examination [CSE].\"The Commission had also pointed out that the LCE, by allowing younger state police service (SPS) officers an additional opportunity, could upset the \"morale of senior SPS officers rendered ineligible to take the examination because of age restrictions (35 years)\".Besides, it noted that there is an acute shortage of young officers in the central paramilitary forces and the different state police services, pointing that the attrition of officers through the LCE would aggravate the crunch. \"The preparation required for appearing at the LCE may also divert the attention of serving CPMF officers from their regular duties\", the Commission had said.The UPSC had also stated that the proposal to give weightage to years of previous experience in assigning seniority to direct recruit officer through the LCE is perceived to have potential for affecting the morale of IPS officers recruited through the CSE by \"additionally unsettling seniority and career progression\".All these points, raised by the Commission in 2010, have been highlighted in various petitions before courts against the LCE, which is a special recruitment drive to induct additional officers to fill vacancies in the IPS. It will be used to recruit officers over and above the intake via the regular civil services exam route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12526081", "title": "Public Interest Litigation seeks ban on Kolaveri Di", "text": "KOCHI: Super-hit song Kolaveri Di, which crossed 50 million hits on YouTube , should be banned for the negative effect it has on children, states a petition filed before the Kerala high court on Thursday.The song 'Why This Kolaveri Di', written and sung by actor Dhanush and released online for promotion of his Tamil movie '3', had topped the internet music charts for its quirky Tanglish lyrics. In his petition, M Madaswamy of Peerumedu in Idukki district alleges that the song has violent lyrics and will incite aggression children and youth.Quoting a study by American Psychological Association, the petitioner states listening to songs with words related to violence increases feelings of hostility without provocation or threat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12526694", "title": "CBSE to offer gym operations as a subject from next academic session", "text": "NAGPUR: Recognizing the rapid growth in the fitness industry in India, the CBSE has decided to offer a subject related to it for Std XI and XII. Fitness and Gym Operation will be a vocational course in sports from 2012-13 academic session and the central board hopes it will help students learn the skills that employers are looking for.What is unique is that the board is not treating this subject as an equivalent to physical education only, but it also dwells in to the management aspect of the fitness industry. In a circular issued by the board last week, students will be required to study the local gym management scenario. Students will be studying about selecting a suitable location and establishment of a gym, its publicity requirements, policy, reception and information.Urvashi Yashroy, director, Tuli Group of Educational Institutes, said, \"CBSE has been taking a lot of initiative in this field and introducing various vocational courses which will benefit the students. They have already started mass media and hotel management which are very career-focused courses, and we can expect more new courses to come to the fore. The fitness industry is growing, maybe not as rapidly as others, but still the course will help those who are looking to join it.\"The central board is now in talks with various organizations for a joint certification of the course - either partially or fully. The course exam will be of 100 marks of which theory will account for 60. There will be five units in the theory section (for both Std XI and XII) which will traverse variety of topics such as nutrition, fitness profiling, menu planning and financial operations.Practicals, which carry 40 marks, are not restricted just to doing physical exercises in the school campus. Students of Std XI will have to visit local gyms and study the procurement, placement and maintenance of equipments. In Std XII students will study tele-marketing and etiquettes, along with 'concept of dietary aids and gimmicks'.Bodybuilder Anmol Singh Sabbarwhal said, \"There is a great demand for professional setups in the fitness industry nowadays. People are going there not only for fitness but also as a social activity and this requires the establishment to employ staff which is courteous and understands that need. With students studying such a specialized course at a young age it will increase their interest in the field.\"However, schools which want to start this course are required to follow stringent guidelines of the CBSE. First and foremost schools will need to have a fully functional gym and a permanent staff member who has a post graduate degree in physical education. This staff member will have to attend a CBSE orientation programme at a venue which the board will announce later. Students too will have to undergo a 15-day internship during their summer vacation at a gym designated by the board, at their own cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12516952", "title": "Nishant Malkani returns to TV", "text": "Many TV actors who quit television for Bollywood have only regretted their decision. They could neither make a mark in films, nor return to TV with big roles.However, actor Nishant Malkani has been fortunate in this case. He quit \"Ram Milaayi Jodi\", his first soap as male lead six months ago, to try his luck in Bollywood. The serial, after his exit, plummeted on the rating scale and now, owing to poor TRPs, it is tipped to go off air early this month.Meanwhile, Nishant has put his Bollywood dream on hold and has decided to return to TV. He has already bagged a big serial where he will play an NRI just like SRK in \" Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge\". And guess what? This show is on the same channel that he had quit a few months back. Lucky boy, we must say! At a time when actors who've quit TV for Bollywood, struggle to make a comeback, Nishant's had it quite easy. Not many know that Nishant is an IIM Calcutta pass out, and became an actor by chance. He was spotted on the Kolkata metro by a coordinator, who was looking for a tall and handsome guy to work in a daily soap. He asked Nishant to come for the auditions, and rest, as they say, is history. The actor, however remained unavailable for his comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mumbai ", "code": "12527159", "title": "Auditor blames low octroi for Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation losses", "text": "MUMBAI : A report by the municipal chief auditor has revealed irregularities in the collection of octroi , resulting in lossesfor thecivicbody .The report , dated August 6, 2011, states that the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has been incurring losses for the last five years after the assessor and collector department reduced octroi rates for 96 items such as diamonds , pearls and precious stones in May 1,2007.This is the second time in the last seven days when an internal note has been made public,causing embarassment to the BMC. Last week, a note by the CA (finance ) surfaced and left the civic body red faced as it exposed the contractor-corporator nexus in ward-level Civil works .The reporthasbeen brought to light by MNS corporator Sandeep Deshpande , who claims the civic body has lost revenue to the tune of Rs 6,000crore .\"The existing Octroi ScheduleH andH-1 was revised just to maintain the uniformity in the description of article and not to change the existing octroi rates of articles . This means that the tax departmenttweakedthelaw and charged lower octroi for goodswhichwere notexempt .It is surprising to see that the entire goof-up went on unnoticed in frontof thestanding committee and that no action was taken in thelastfive years ,\" hesaid .The former auditor observed that lower rates were declared in case of nearly 96 articles withoutthesanction of thestate government . Another report from the auditor's department exposes the reduction in octroi rates from 2% to 0.01% on daimonds , pearls and other semiprecious stones . The exemption was only applicable to parties availing Export Promotion License and was wrongly extended to other importers , resulting in a recurring lossof revenue .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12525437", "title": "18 years on, dowry case to be closed", "text": "MUMBAI: The Andhra Pradesh police have decided to close an 18-year-old dowry harassment case after they failed to trace the accused and complainant.G Dhanlaxmi (54) had filed a dowry harassment complaint against her Goregaon-based husband L R Nagabushnam Babu and his three relatives, Janki, Shanti and Sanjay in 1994, saying she was forcibly sent to Hyderabad. A local court there had issued a proclamation notice against the accused in 2011. On Tuesday, residents of Goregaon's Vaibhav society told the Andhra Pradesh police that the accused had sold their property and shifted to an undisclosed location.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12526959", "title": "Central Coalfields Limited fails to achieve target", "text": "RANCHI: The Central Coalfields Limited (CCL), a subsidiary of Coal India Limited ( CIL), has failed to achieve the annual production target for the financial year that ended on March 31. CCL fell short of its target by around one million tonne (MT) mainly which the company said was because of frequent strikes called by CPI (Maoist) and other rebel outfits.The company had the target of 49 MT but it was able to produce only 48.01 MT. Sources in the company said that the company would have easily achieved target had there been no bandhs. \"The company also faced problems because of the attack by Maoists on mining cites in Piparwar area in March. Production was hit for almost 10 days due to the attack,\" said a source.Company spokesperson Anupam Rana said despite all the problems the production crossed 48.01 MT for 2011-12. \"We registered a growth of 0.5 MT by producing 48.01 MT in 2011-12 when compared to last year's production of 47.52 MT. The coal dispatch was 47.633 MT in 2011-12 compared to 46.23 MT in 2010-11,\" said Rana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "12526329", "title": "Anwar murder: 20 accused chargesheeted", "text": "KANNUR: Chargesheets were handed over to the 20 accused by the Thaliparamba judicial first class magistrate in the murder case of IUML activist C T Anwar, who was killed on July 5, 2011.Out of the 22 accused, most of them CPM workers or sympathizers, the cops have not been able to arrest C V Baburaj and P V Ramakrishnan Master.They have been charged for harbouring the accused, which is a bailable offence.Sources say the two are likely to move an anticipatory bail petition soon and appear before the court.Five of the 20 accused - Sandeep, Sunilkumar, Mineesh, Ranjith and N Anoop - have been framed for murder. Six of them have been booked for unlawful assembly, attacking the victims with weapons and criminal conspiracy. The rest of them were booked for criminal conspiracy only.The prosecution is planning to produce 59 witnesses including six eye witnesses, who were also attacked along with Anwar.In the attack, Anwar and his friend and party worker C V Jaseel were seriously injured. Anwar died while being taken to hospital in Mangalore.Pattuvam is a sensitive area where CPM and IUML workers often clash.It was on February 20 that another IUML worker, Abdul Shukkoor, was killed here following similar clashes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12526588", "title": "CM, imams in mutual help offer before polls", "text": "KOLKATA: Seven months after Imam Qari Fazalur Rahman cautioned her against \"complacency\" and \"inaction\" during Eid prayers last August, chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Tuesday had reasons to feel reassured after the overwhelming support she received from community leaders ahead of the panchayat elections.The nearly 20,000 imams present at Netaji Indoor Stadium, too, were overjoyed with the attention the state government showered on them. A meeting of this scale, between religious leaders of a community and the chief minister of a state, was probably the first of its kind in the country. By the end of the day, the imams were assured a monthly allowance and subsidized housing. In return, they promised Mamata all assistance in the rural polls.The chief minister was present at the meeting with nearly her entire cabinet. But there was little indication that it was a government programme with slogans of 'Nara-e-Takbir' and 'Allah Hu Akbar' reverberating around the venue every time an imam got up to speak.\"We came here because she is secular and honest. She has taken a decision to make Urdu and official language. We may not have come here had other leaders invited us,\" said Shahi Imam Noor Ur Rahman Barkati.Another imam, Haji Sirajuddin, said they would \"stand by Didi\" even when \"she became a dadi (grandmother)\". Another religious leader, who took theology lessons in Medina, pointed out never had such a meeting been organized even in countries like Saudi Arabia .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12526881", "title": "Traffic diversions for IPL", "text": "CHENNAI: The traffic police have made a few diversions in the Triplicane area in view of the IPL matches to be held at the MA Chidambaram Stadium, Chepauk.The diversions will be in place on April 12, 21 and 28 from 1 pm to 7 pm and on April 4, 19, 30, May 4, 12, 25 and 27 from 5 pm to 11.30 pm, said an official press release.Bells Road will be made a one-way stretch with entry from Wallajah Road and no entry from Bharathi Salai during the duration of the match.No vehicles, except MTC buses and vehicles with valid passes, will be allowed from Kamarajar Salai towards Bharathi Salai.Canal Road will be made 'one way' with entry from Bharathi Salai and 'no entry' from Wallajah Road.Vehicles with passes bearing letters M, P, T, W, V and MTC buses going from Anna Salai to Wallajah Road will be allowed on Bells Road.Vehicles with passes bearing letters B and R will not be allowed on Bells Road and will be directed to park at the MRTS station and at the Pattabiraman Gate of the stadium.Vehicles coming from War Memorial and from Gandhi Statue with passes bearing letters M, P, T, W, V and MTC buses will be allowed through Bharathi Salai, Canal Road. Other vehicles will be diverted on to the service road to park on Foreshore Service Road in front of the Public Works Department Office.For vehicles without passes: Car and Two Wheelers coming from Anna Salai will go via Wallajah Road , Labour Statue, Kamarajar Salai and park on Foreshore Road. Vehicles from War Memorial will take Kamarajar Salai service road in front of PWD Office and park on Foreshore Road. Vehicles coming from Gandhi Statue will go via Kamarajar Salai and take the service road opposite the PWD office to park on Foreshore Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12526772", "title": "CKP wears a white satin sheath", "text": "BANGALORE: The Chitrakala Parishath, standing 75-ft tall, draped in virgin white satin, may come as a surprise to the passerby on Kumara Krupa Road. The wrap is an \"expression of art\" by final-year student Ashray Dravidian.Ashray, 24, from Shimoga, is following the art form of Bulgarian artists Christo and Jeanne-Claude, who in1995 wrapped the Reichstag in Berlin with polypropylene fabric. \"The art work is a part of the project, 'the expression of art' that I had to do in the final year of my course. I zeroed in on this form, as I have always admired Christo and Jeanne-Claude for the innovative wrapping art,\" says Ashray, a Bachelor of Visual Arts student of Chitrakala Parishath (CKP) and College of Fine Arts in Bangalore.For his work of art covering 2,000 sqft, Ashray used 4,800 metres of satin costing Rs 1.3 lakh, to shade the contours of the CKP. Financed entirely by the artist, the building will stand covered till April 10.Although the work is inspired by the wrapped Reichstag, Ashray says this architecture has not been wrapped in a similar fashion. \"The Reichstag was wrapped, highlighting the texture of the building, which was achieved by using ropes. But this architecture does not have that feature to be wrapped in that fashion. So I have used cloth, according to the flat structure of the building,\" says Ashray, adding that the best view of the art is on windy days. \"The wind pushes the cloth to the walls of the stone building, highlighting its features,\" said Ashray.The wrapping work was completed by a workforce of 20 people, over three months. \"It was not easy to cover a building of this height with satin. At times, we had to use cranes to reach the highest spot,\" said Ashray.Grabbing attentionAshray says he chose this art form for his project, as it is the best to grab attention. \"The unique part of our college is that it amalgamates a gallery, museum and is an institution as well. The idea is to pull in as many people as possible for the annual exhibition on campus,\" says Ashray.'Multifaceted work'Ashray's work signifies a lot. It symbolizes how 17 different works of art can be wrapped together in a white cloth. It also points out the pseudo culture and mediocrity that need to be wrapped up in our society. White denotes beauty and growth, so Ashray's work hints at restoring the beauty of the city and ensuring its growth as well.RH Kulkarni | head, department of art history", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12525331", "title": "Authority mulls funding plan for Metro extension", "text": "NOIDA: A day after DMRC handed over the detailed project report for extension of the Metro line from City Center, sector 32 to Electronic City, sources in Noida Authority say that there are a few details that need to be worked out for completion of the project by its due date, including finances and logistics.The biggest factor that will determine the future of this project is how funds required are generated by the Authority. \"Noida Authority needs to fund almost 80% of the project. Taking into account the recent land acquisition row, we need to tread very carefully while dealing with all future projects,\" said a senior official.The model proposed for funding the project involves state taxes, land costs and central taxes. Excluding these, whatever cost is worked out has to be borne in the ratio of 80:20 by the UP government and the Centre, respectively. \"Also, state taxes will either have to be exempted or completely borne by the state government. Even the land cost will be borne by UP government,\" said the Authority official. \"The rolling stock for DMRC has been fixed at Rs 353 crore,\" he added.\"The report for alignment of the track has also been submitted along with a geo-technical investigation report,\" said an Authority official. \"Both these reports will be discussed during the next meeting to iron out problems and difficulties,\" he added. On Monday, the DMRC handed over the DPR for the 6.675km route expected to be complete by March, 2017.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12524715", "title": "Cloud over Microsoft, Infosys, Wipro campuses in Andhra Pradesh", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a decision that jeopardizes land allocated to corporates and institutions such as Microsoft, Wipro , Infosys , Emaar, Indian School of Business and Lanco, the Andhra Pradesh high court on Tuesday refused to entertain petitions that challenged the power of the Andhra state wakf board to notify 1,650 acres of in Manikonda village of Ranga Reddy district as wakf land.The court asked the companies to approach the tribunal on wakf disputes to challenge the wakf board's decision. It also refused to vacate the injunction order given by the wakf tribunal earlier which restrained the private companies from any land transaction in this respect. Some companies, including Lanco and Emaar, have been using this land for real estate business.The companies are likely to approach the Supreme Court, contending that land was given to them by the government. Some of the petitioners have been arguing for long that the land was given to these companies at much below market prices and want the companies to cough up a fair value to the wakf board.The division bench of Justices V V S Rao and Reddy Kantha Rao held that when a statutory forum like the waqf tribunal established under the provisions of the Waqf Act is available, it is not proper for the state and other parties to file writ petitions in the high court, particularly when some interested parties have raised this issue before the tribunal and it was hearing the matter.\"We are not impressed with the submissions of the advocate general that the issues raised before the high court are beyond the purview of the jurisdiction of the tribunal,\" the bench said. \"The tribunal should independently decide the matter uninfluenced by the observations made by us during the course of the hearing of the case.\"The contention of the state and the private companies is that according to a notification issued in 1989, the waqf board owns only 5,500 square yards in the form of a dargah at Manikonda. However, according to them, on April 6, 2006, the board notified (through an errata to the gazette) an area of 1,650 acres around the dargah as land attached to the shrine and declared the entire area waqf property. The state contended this was illegal and beyond the powers of the board.Referring to several Supreme Court rulings, the HC bench headed by Justice Rao held the waqf board has powers under Sections 6, 7, 41, 83 and 85 of the Waqf Act to cause registration of wakfs or to amend registration of waqfs. The bench also told Akbaruddin Owaisi and Rehaman, the legislators who filed PILs, to implead themselves in the suits pending with the tribunal. The AP Waqf Board and Muslim community hailed the decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12526110", "title": "Now, UDF gifts Catholic Church 3 prime real estate in Thrissur", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: After its generosity towards the Nair Service Society (NSS), the UDF government is reaching out to the Catholic Church by 'gifting' prime real estate to three educational institutions in Thrissur. Together the three plots measure over 18 acres.The decision to transfer ownership of the plots to Christ College, Irinjalakuda, St Thomas College and St Mary's College, Thrissur, was taken at the Cabinet meeting on February 15, 2012.The government invoked an order framed on May 18, 2005, by the then UDF government to transfer rights of these plots to the institutions. The GO allows the government to show generosity towards such institutions if the government wishes to do so. The Cabinet had exercised its sovereign right under Section 21 of the Assignment of Land Within Municipal and Corporation Areas Rules, 1995, to make such assignments in 'public interest'.While Christ College got 15.47 acres, St Thomas and St Mary's colleges were given 1.19 acres and 55.70 cents, respectively. These plots have been under the possession of the three institutions on lease. The Cabinet also waived all lease dues while transferring the plots at a nominal rate of Rs 100/cent.The Christ College had to pay only Rs 1,54,700 for the 15.47 acres. In addition, over Rs 2 crore accrued as lease arrears was also waived off. Interestingly, the market value of this land, calculated using data obtained from the registration department, is approximately Rs 40 crore. Similarly, arrears amount of over Rs 70 lakh has been waived in the case of St Thomas College.Like in the case of NSS, this decision was taken overruling objections from the revenue officials. A note prepared by Nivedita P Haran, additional chief secretary (revenue) revealed that the objections were totally ignored by the government. The objections put on record stated that the assignment of land to educational institutions does not serve any public purpose. Interestingly, the previous LDF government had shelved the same proposal following strong objections in the Cabinet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12527424", "title": "'Planning laws can be twisted by the powerful'", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra Regional Town Planning (MRTP) Act is a crucial Act through which flows the powers for land development for both the UD department and urban local bodies such as the BMC. The Development Control Regulations (DCR) that regulate all building constructions in the city have been framed under this Act. But certain sections in this Act can be manipulated , say lawyers. Which is what many of those named in the Adarsh Cooperative Housing scam, including Ramanand Tiwari (then principal secretary of the UDD) and former BMC chief Jairaj Phatak, have been accused of.Activist and lawyer Y P Singh explains: \"Section 154 of the MRTP Act is to remove difficulties for proper implementation of the Act. This section is misused to carry out deviations from DCR sanctioned plans.\" Often when the state government wants to overrule the urban local body, it invokes a ratification of the Development Plan under Section 37 (1) (a) of the MRTP Act. But any major change that alters the character of the plan requires that a notification be issued under Section 37 (1), and suggestions and objections invited. \"It is an exercise in futility,\" say civic officials. \"Often, the government does not wait for due process to be completed. We are not sent complete information within the stipulated time. It comes after the change has been carried out.''Then there is Section 47 of the MRTP Act, which allows an aggrieved party whose development proposal has been rejected by the urban local body to approach the UDD. \"A hearing is held by the UD minister and often the proposal is approved ... for a consideration,\" sources claim. Section 50 of the Act deals with the surrender of reservation. In the Adarsh, scam, the clause was used to change the reservation of the BEST plot.The BMC chief can exercise his powers under Section 64-B of the DCR. He can use its discretionary power to grant concessions in constructions. In a 2003 PIL, the HC had directed that the powers be invoked in the rarest of rare cases. There's also Section 16 of the DCR where a commissioner can reject a proposal on the grounds that it is not in public interest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12526464", "title": "Lata Mangeshkar not to attend music event", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee has invited Lata Mangeshkar for the inauguration of the Gaan Mela that begins on April 12. However, Mangeshkar cannot make it to Kolkata for the event because of her personal commitments around that time.According to an official of the chief minister's office, \"Lataji has accepted the CM's invitation, but said she cannot come now. However, she will definitely visit Bengal as soon as she can make it.\"Mamata and Mangeshkar spoke over the phone for a long time on Tuesday, the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12526063", "title": "'Toxic' vessel Exxon Valdez headed for Alang yard", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Exxon Valdez, the massive crude oil tanker that caused one of the worst-ever oil spills in Alaska in 1989, is set for ship breakers' torches.The 213,000-tonne tanker, which was repaired and converted into ore-carrying vessel after the accident, is said to be headed for Alang, the biggest ship recycling yard in Asia , located in the Gulf of Cambay. Even as environmentalists worldwide have condemned it as a \"toxic\" ship, sources in Alang, who are in know of the vessel, said that there are thin chances of the oil tanker carrying any hazardous material.Alang, which has always remained on the radar of environmentalists, faces no imminent threat from the vessel, officers in the Gujarat pollution control board said.\"It is no more an oil tanker. It is just an ore transporting vessel after conversion. So we don't think there can be any hazardous material in the ship,\" said a senior GPCB officer in Alang.Exxon Valdez, which has changed several hands in the past, has been renamed Oriental Nicety and was purchased by Alang-based Blue Oasis, a subsidiary of Priya Blue Industries led by Sanjay Mehta for an \"undisclosed amount\".The 300-meter long vessel is said to have been purchased from China-based COSCO Shanghai Ship Management company for around $16 million. Mehta could not be reached for comments and he did not reply to TOI's e-mails.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12526446", "title": "Film with Odia lead actor selected for fest", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A short film 'Aisa Hota Hai' with an Odia actor in the lead role has been selected for screening at KASHISH Mumbai International Queer Film Festival, to be held from May 23 to May 27. The 11-minute crime-comedy was recently screened at 26th Fribourg International Film Festival in Switzerland.\"I never imagined the movie is going to be liked by so many people. It came as a pleasant surprise,\" said city lad Deb Sahu, who played a thief in the movie, one of the leading roles.The film, by Aashish Dubey, is a story about five people who meet in mysterious circumstances, all on the wrong side of the law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12525423", "title": "Viramgam rape: Death sought for culprits", "text": "AHMEDABAD: More than 100 women from the Dalwadi community carried out a procession on Tuesday in Viramgam demanding hanging for the four rape case accused. The women handed a statement to the police officials. A 14-year-old girl from the community was gangraped by four men last week. Police have arrested the accused and are investigating further.Viramgam police said that the women termed the incident as heinous and demanded stringent action to be taken against accused. As the incident involved two communities, the march took place amid tight police bandobast. tnn\"We are taking all necessary action to ensure that the justice is done. The current sections applied to the case have the provisions of punishment up to death ,\" said a senior Ahmedabad rural police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12526993", "title": "Man found living in garbage bin reunited with family", "text": "CHENNAI: Althaf, a mentally ill man found living in a garbage bin in Coonoor near Nilgiris by a Chennai-based NGO in February, was reunited with his family here on Tuesday. Althaf, who belonged to a family of farmers, left his home near Bangalore eight years ago.TOI had reported on February 6 that Althaf had been found by volunteers of Udhavum Karangal and was being rehabilitated in Coimbatore.Althaf didn't react much on seeing his father Hussain Khan, said officials of the NGO after verifying all the documents. \"We have asked his family members to look after him and give him medicines regularly. We told Hussain Khan that he could contact us immediately in case he needed medical assistance or any other help,\" said Udhavam Karangal founder S Vidyakar.Khan said the committee members of a mosque in his village had pooled in money to fund his efforts to rescue his son and even accompanied him here too.Althaf, who was found in a garbage bin where he had been living for five months by shop keepers M Shammi and his friend V Clement Godfrey, was given preliminary treatment with the help of a psychiatrist in Coonoor before being handed over to the volunteers of Udhavum Karangal. Ratan, one of the volunteers of the NGO, later took him regularly to hospital. \"Our counsellors interacted with him regularly and found that he belonged to Allisaboddi, a village near Bangalore. Later, we got in touch with Saban Sab, a municipal councillor in Bangalore, and she gave us the number of a man named Masood from the same village. Finally, we reached Hussain Khan,\" Vidyakar said. A volunteer said Althaf may have roamed the streets of Bangalore for years before boarding a bus or train and landing in Coonoor late last year.Althaf completed Class 8 at an Urdu School near his village when his father stopped his studies and asked him to search for a job to support the family. Althaf soon disappeared from the house, an NGO volunteer said. \"I searched for my son in all possible places. Many people said he may have been killed in an accident but I didn't give up,\" Khan told volunteers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "12526996", "title": "Teachers\u2019 selection raises crisis in Lohardaga school", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Four out of a total of six teachers at Chunni Lal High School here have passed the post graduate teachers examination whose results were declared recently. The selection of the teachers has aggravated the crisis in imparting education to the students of the school caused by the shortage of teachers.The government school, which has been sanctioned 11 teachers and a headmaster, at present has a faculty of six teachers, including an in-charge headmaster and a teacher on deputation, to teach about 800 students. This is one of the oldest high schools in the town and was established in 1954.It has, however, become tough for the school administration to start its new session as there will only be two teachers left when the four selected teachers leave. The post of headmaster has been held by in-charge teachers since 1999.\"The huge difference has had a bad effect on the education and results of students. The school has sanctioned posts for 12 teachers to teach nearly 800 students. Now the selection of four teachers for PG teaching will plunge the school into a deeper crisis,\" said Sanjay Sarraf, the local in-charge of the state's Abhibhavak Manch.\"The lack of teachers in the school has been a major problem that hampers classes badly. I used to teach two subjects but after receiving responsibilities of the headmaster, I hardly get time to teach students,\" said incharge headmaster Sukhmani Tirkey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12529286", "title": "Trailer of Whitney Houston\u2019s Sparkle is out", "text": "Here's what the final film of pop star Whitney Houston , who passed away recently, promises.Musical prodigy, Sparkle (Jordin Sparks) struggles to become a star while overcoming issues that are tearing her family apart. From an affluent Detroit area and daughter to a single mother (Whitney Houston), she tries to balance a new romance with music manager, Stix ( Derek Luke ) while dealing with the unexpected challenges her new life will bring as she and her two sisters (Carmen Ejogo and Tika Sumpter) strive to become a dynamic singing group during the Motown-era.The musical will release in India on December 7, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12527028", "title": "1,000 traffic cops shifted after 5 yrs", "text": "CHENNAI: After receiving several complaints that the same personnel were working in a particular area for working more than five years, the Chennai traffic police will transfer 1,000 men to different zones.The additional commissioner of police (traffic) asked subordinate officers to make a list of personnel working in the city along with their tenure at their current police stations. \"The list came as a shock. At least 500 police personnel had been working in the same police stations for more than five years, and about 450 had been serving at one station for three years,\" a police officer said.Following this, the personnel were told to move to adjacent zones. The orders were issued to the police districts concerned and to the policemen. \"This shuffle will make the police work more effectively. People who work continuously in one place for many years fall into a routine and their efficiency may drop,\" a senior police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12526540", "title": "Swine flu claims first victim in city, 2 more test positive", "text": "NASHIK: Having already made its appearance in Mumbai and Pune, the dreaded H1N1 virus claimed its first victim in Nashik this year. A 34-year-old man, Nandu Dattu Chavan of Anjaneri in Tribmbak tehsil, died on Sunday after he was admitted to the Civil Hospital here, while two more persons have been tested positive.Civil surgeon B D Pawar said they took Chavan's swab and sent it to Pune for investigation. It tested positive for H1N1 virus. Pawar also said Chavan was brought in at the last stage and died within minutes of being admitted to the hospital. Medical officers of the Civil Hospital said Chavan died before they could start treatment.From April 2011 to March 2012, as many as 43 patients were admitted to Civil Hospital due to swine flu. Out of these, while one died, five were reported negative and the remaining were given medication and discharged. The two patients that includes a 20-year-old nursing student, who have tested positive for H1N1 virus, have been admitted to the isolation ward in the Civil Hospital.Another person was admitted on Tuesday afternoon but the hospital is yet to send a swab taken from him to Pune lab for testing. Hospital officials said as soon as a patient with swine flu symptoms is admitted they start the medication and if they are tested positive for H1N1 virus, then they increase the dosage. They said once the swabs of affected patients are sent to the Pune lab, it takes a couple of days to get the result.Hospital authorities said they are alert for any symptoms of swine flu and are monitoring the virus closely. However, experts said testing holds little relevance as many people could be carriers of the virus but not suffer from the symptoms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12525473", "title": "Form police panel for case transfers: Bombay high court", "text": "MUMBAI: To reduce the burden of several writ petitions regarding transfer of cases from one agency to another, the Bombay high court has now directed the state police to form a grievance committee within four weeks.The court stated that the director general of police has the authority to transfer investigations from one police station to another station or agency if he has doubts over the probe. The court also stated that the committee may be empowered with the provision of transferring investigations in view of Section 4 of the Bombay Police Act and Section 36 of the Criminal Procedure Code.State director general of police K Subramanian said he is yet to go through the order. However public prosecutor PA Pol said, \"Even if any person is aggrieved by such a decision, he will be able to approach the court. This will not only save time and money of complainant but it will also curtail petitions which are filed in the court without the representations of the petitioner being considered by the competent authority.\"A division bench of Justice V M Kanade and Justice P D Kode passed the order while hearing a petition filed by Ghatkopar-based builder Lalit Vakharia who was seeking quashing of an \"false complaint\" lodged against him by the Karjat police. In his petition, Vakharia alleged that the Karjat police in connivance with two men had cheated him and instead filed a false case.Vakharia's advocate Amin Solkar claimed that despite the civil court's restraining against the police and the two men, the accused had forcibly taken possession of the property.Vakharia entered into a transaction to purchase a 27-acre plot in Karjat, belonging to Praveen Thakkar, for Rs 21 crore. He later found that a large part of the plot had been sold to another person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12527200", "title": "BNN College suspends 2 more for paper leak", "text": "Taking strong cognizance of the TYBCom paper leak, the BNN college management has suspended two more college employees including a senior supervisor and clerk. Tuesday's action takes the number of people suspended on the issue to five.Sources attached with the college claimed the college management on Monday held a meeting at which all the staff present on the day of the exams were called. At the meeting , the management decided to suspend two employees, including senior supervisor Rajendra Dongardive and clerk S Gavhale. The college management found both Dongardive and Gavhale were responsible for the goof-up . The management also issued notices to 16 professors who were posted at the exam centre a supervisors, as some of them were said to be accused of overwriting on the exams paper bundles.Earlier, on the recommendation of Mumbai University, the BNN college management suspended chief conductor D S Bhangre, senior supervisor R N Deshpande and Prof D R Jadhav, for the goof-up .Confirming the news about the two suspensions, Vijay Jadhav, chairman of BNN College said, \"Dongardive was the chief supervisor for the March 27 exam. He is also responsible for whatever happened that day, which is why we suspended him along with clerk Gavhale who was posted at the exam centre.\"\"We are taking all steps which are necessary as per our responsibility and are also helping the university team which is probing the whole matter,\" said Jadhav.The TYBcom Marketing and Human Resource Management (MHRM) paper had leaked from BNN College when it was erroneously distributed a day in advance.Following the incident, the university formed a special team which visited the college and recommended suspension of three officials involved in leaking the paper. The university has also decided to impose a Rs 1-lakh fine on the college. The university's board of examinations decided to hold a re-exam on April 11.However, the Narpoli police station under whose jurisdiction the college falls, has not yet filed any case in this matter. Police officials claimed they are waiting for a complaint to be filed by Mumbai University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12526666", "title": "Major relief as relatives of H1N1 victim test negative", "text": "COIMBATORE: In a major relief to the health department and district administration officials, two immediate family members of C Kandasamy who died of H1N1 infection tested negative in tests conducted on Tuesday afternoon. They have been discharged from Coimbatore Medical College Hospital where they were being retained.\"The test results indicate that both of them are negative for H1N1 infection and they will be discharged soon,\" said sources at Coimbatore Medical College Hospital.M Vetrivel (29), a Bangalore based computer engineer and his mother-in-law Kaveri Kandasamy ( 60) from Kavundampalayam near Koduvai in Tirupur district were brought to CMCH to be tested for H1N1 infection after they complained of slight fever and throat pain. It was decided that both of them should be tested since Kandasamy had died of the flu on Saturday evening. Officials from Tirupur health department escorted them to Coimbatore Government Hospital on Monday afternoon. They arrived at around 4pm, and will be tested on Tuesday morning.\"Both of them are being administered Tami Flu tablets and their health is being monitored. We knew the chances of them being infected were minimal, but we tested them just to be on the safe side,\" said S Senthilkumar, Deputy Director, Health Services, and Coimbatore.Vetrivel and his mother-in-law were admitted to general wards 78 and 79 of and were asked to remain in the hospital complex till the test results were out on Tuesday. Testing was conducted at the lab in the Medical College facility. The results according to hospital authorities came in the afternoon and both of them were tested negative for H1N1 infection.\"We were told that the test results were negative and we are leaving to go back home in an hour,\" said Vetrivel on Tuesday evening.Minor flutter prevailed in both Tirupur and Coimbatore after Kandasamy, a 75 year old farmer from Kavundampalayam near Koduvai in Tirupur died of H1N1 infection in Coimbatore late Saturday evening. He was undergoing medical treatment at PSG Hospital since March 20 and was taken to CMCH on Saturday evening. He was declared dead at around 6.20 pm a few minutes after he was brought to the government hospital. Kandasamy did not travel out of Tirupur and Coimbatore recently and health officials believe that he might have become infected with the deadly viral strain at his daughter's marriage on February 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/koraput", "code": "12526349", "title": "Accept terms for Hikaka release by Thursday: Maoists", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/KORAPUT: After days of silence since they kidnapped BJD's tribal MLA of Laxmipur Jhina Hikaka on March 23 night, the Maoists on Tuesday issued an ultimatum to the state government to meet their demands by April 5.\"April 5 is the last deadline from our side. It is the responsibility of the Naveen government to fulfill our demands as we want and have the MLA released from us,\" a 59-second audio tape sent to media houses by the Maoists said. One Chandramauli, claiming to be secretary of the Andhra Odisha Border Special Zonal Committee (AOBSZC), is heard articulating the demands in the tape. The tape did not highlight all the demands the Maoists had made soon after kidnapping Hikaka, but focused on 'immediate release' of activists of Chasi Mulia Adivasi Sangha (CMAS), a pro-CPI (Maoist) outfit, from the jails of Koraput and Malkangiri.Chief secretary Bijay Patnaik said the government has heard about circulation of such a tape, but declined to make any comment on it. \"We have heard about the tape. The chief minister will keep the government's stand on the issue in the Assembly,\" he said.The chief minister had earlier urged the Maoists to name their mediators so that negotiations on their demands could begin 'immediately'. The tape, however, reiterated the Maoists' stand of not engaging any mediators for discussions with the government on their demands and sought to allay fears of possible problems in case of release of CMAS supporters. \"The government will face no law and order situation if the CMAS activists are released. We hope the government will take a decision in this regard in cool mind,\" the tape assured. The tape maintained that false cases had been slapped on these people and criticized the government for not doing anything about their demands. The tape was silent on the next course of action by the Maoists in case the government does not respond to their demands.Awinash Kumar, SP of Koraput district, where CMAS is based, said the administration has got information about the tape. \"We are examining the contents of the tape and exploring all possible angles as to what could be done regarding their demands,\" he said. Asked whether the district administration would file an affidavit in the court for withdrawal of cases against CMAS activists, the SP said, \"We are looking into it.\"Tuesday's tape was also accompanied by a letter purported to have been written by the abducted MLA requesting the chief minister to fulfill the Maoists' demands at the earliest. His letter even said that if the government dilly-dallied on the matter he would be forced to resign. The Red rebels after kidnapping Hikaka had first released two letters on March 26 and 28 listing their demands in detail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12525251", "title": "2 die in separate bike mishaps", "text": "MUMBAI: A 43-year-old man, Jepson Kulikoden, lost his life after his bike skidded on the WEH at Borivli (E) on Tuesday. Kulikoden had gone to the Sanjay Gandhi National Park for a morning walk. The accident took place while he was returning home on his bike.Kulikoden lost his balance after his bike skidded and fell off the bike. His head hit the concrete road. He had severe head injuries and succumbed to them at the Bhagwati Hospital.The police have registered a case of accidental death. In a separate case at Vile Parle, a biker, Avinash Pawar (20), died and his pillion rider, Vinay Revale (21), sustained serious injuries after they were hit by a speeding taxi on Tuesday. The taxi driver fled the scene without offering any assistance to the injured.The Vile Parle police has registered an offence against the unidentified taxi driver and are on the lookout for him.The duo were on their way home when the accident happened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12526347", "title": "Chanakya National Law University's vice-chancellor to retire at 75 now", "text": "PATNA: The retirement age of Chanakya National Law University (CNLU) vice-chancellor has been increased from 70 to 75 years with a provision that the governor will have the discretion to increase it by another year. The state assembly on Tuesday passed by voice vote the CNLU (amendment) Bill, 2012, thereby effecting the change.HRD minister P K Shahi also moved the Bihar State Public Library and Information Centre (amendment) Bill, 2012 which envisaged to eliminate the post of vice-president in the committee constituted to run public libraries in the state. The house passed the Bill. TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12526180", "title": "Army chief seeks more time for detailed plaint", "text": "NEW DELHI: Army chief Gen V K Singh on Tuesday wrote the CBI asking for a few more days to file his detailed complaint in connection with the alleged bribe offer from a senior retired officer to clear a tranche of nearly 600 \"sub-standard\" Tatra trucks.Gen Singh, who has named Lt Gen (retd) Tejinder Singh as the person who had allegedly made the offer, in his initial complaint, has been asked by CBI officials to give a detailed complaint about the issue.Gen Singh had claimed in an interview to a newspaper that an equipment lobbyist had offered him a bribe of Rs 14 crore to clear the tranche, a matter which he had reported to Union defence minister A K Antony . The ministry had then recommended a probe by the central investigation agency into the allegation.The agency had started examining the complaint received from General Singh on March 30 and may question Tejinder Singh in connection with the case, they said.Tejinder Singh has refuted the allegations. He has also filed a defamation case against the Army chief and other senior officers.The CBI was waiting for a formal complaint from Gen Singh regarding details of alleged bribe offer, to initiate a formal probe into the matter referred to it by the defence ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12527198", "title": "Spirit costs soar", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the hike in liquor price as per the Excise Policy (2012-13), city residents will have to shell out 40-50% more for each bottle of Indian made foreign made liquor (IMFL) and 10-13% more for their favourite beer, from May 1.With an increase of 20 % in licence fee, Rs 7 to Rs 20 per proof litre on various categories of IMFL and excise duty on beer going up by Re 1 per bottle for light beer and Rs 2 for strong beer, the resultant rise will pass on to the end consumer.Rates are expected to come at par with Haryana, while there would only be a slight difference with the price chart in Punjab.The policy announced on Tuesday had a 13% hike in licence fee for bar licences issued to restaurants, hotels and clubs. The assessment fee for sales made at these outlets will go up by 10 %. The same percentage hike was announced in the licence fee for departmental stores and in the assessment fee for sale.Holograms have been introduced on IMFL, IFL and country packaging of liquor, but beer, wine, champagne, liqueurs and ready to drink (RTD) brands have been excluded. Value Added Tax has been kept unchanged at 12.5 % while the licence fee for bottling plant licence has been enhanced by around 23%.The minimum reserve price for retail sale foreign liquor and retail sale country liquor licences will be fixed by increasing the licence fee/highest bid price of last year by 20 %. However, in case of sites within one locality, running from shop-cum-office (SCO)/shop-cum-flat (SCF) and modern liquor shops, minimum reserve price will be fixed by increasing the average licence fee of last year by 20 %. The minimum retail sales rate of country liquor has been increased by 50% and import and export fee on country liquor has been enhanced by 10%.IMFL has been divided into cheap, economy and medium brands, premium, ultra premium brands, semi-deluxe, deluxe, super-deluxe and ultra-deluxe brands and the excise hike is maximum for top-end brands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12525719", "title": "No respite from hot climate likely in state", "text": "BHOPAL: The temperature in the city climbed close to 41 degree Celsius on Tuesday.Officials of the Meteorological Department, Bhopal circle said a similar trend would continue for a few more days. Amid cloudy conditions in Bhopal, the mercury touched 40.7 degrees C mark making it one of the hottest cities of the state on Tuesday.The mercury also touched 41 degree C mark in Khajuraho, Damoh, Hoshangabad, Ratlam and Guna. Gwalior was the hottest with the day temperature soaring to 41.5 degree C on Tuesday.Meanwhile, the weathermen also underlined a possibility of thundershowers at isolated places in northwest and northeast MP.Bhopal recorded a maximum of 40.7 (+5) degrees against a minimum of 24.0 (+4) degrees. The maximum around Indore was 39.5 (+3) while the minimum was recorded at 24.2 (+6) degrees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12526435", "title": "Board meet on matric exam", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Taking no chance in the wake of matriculation question paper theft, the Board of Secondary Education in Odisha organized a coordination meeting of the district-level functionaries for smooth conduct of the deferred examination, here on Tuesday.\"We discussed the strategy to ensure safety of question papers with the nodal officers for smooth conduct of the process,\" BSE president Satykam Mishra said.The rescheduled examination begins on April 17. As many as 230 nodal centres were formed where the question papers will be stored in the custody of nodal officers and district education officers with help from district administration and police. The questions will be dispatched to the centres only the evening before the examination, board officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12531327", "title": "Rohit Verma's birthday bash for Swati didi", "text": "Fashion designer and ex-Bigg Boss contestant Rohit Verma hosted a grand birthday party for his cousin, Swati.Rohit designed an outfit for the birthday girl whom he fondly calls Swati didi. Prashant Sharma, Sandip Soparkar, Sara Khan, Raju Srivastav, Avinasha Wadhwan, Laksmi, Anjali and Madhuri Pandey, Priyanaka Shah, Rashmi Bagga, Rehan Shah, Gary Richardson, Meet Brothers were present at the function among other guests.The party went on till wee hours and all had a great time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "sivaganga", "code": "12526395", "title": "Three-year-old girl dies of suspected dengue", "text": "SIVAGANGA: A three-year-old child died due to dengue fever from Kanur panchayat near Tirupachethi on Monday. Vijayashree, daughter of Sivachidambaram fell sick on Friday and her parents rushed her to a private hospital in Madurai. She died in the hospital after failing to respond to treatment. The hospital certified that it was dengue fever.Recently, an eight-month-old infant, Gugapriyan, son of Manikandan died after he developed fever, though it was not known whether it was due to dengue. Villagers said that 10 more persons in Kanur village are down with fever at present. However, health officials stressed that it was an isolated case of dengue being reported from the village and they have taken all necessary preventive measures on a war-footing.S C Sekar, a relative of Vijayashree said that sanitation facilities are extremely poor in the village. \"Sewage water runs in the streets and the entire village is full of garbage. Mosquito menace is also high. When the infant died due to the fever, we informed the district administration but no measures were taken by the government,\" he charged.After the dengue fever was reported, district collector, Rajaraman and other officials camped in the village. The villagers also ordered all preventive measures to be taken immediately. Sethuramu, medical officer, Poovanthi PHC, who is camping in the village at present, said that all the preventive measures like fogging, clearing the garbage are being undertaken in the village.\"We are conducting house-to-house survey to check any more infected persons. We have not come across any infected cases and four persons with routine fever were given medication,\" she said. \"It was an isolated case and the death of the eight-month-old infant was due to encephalitis and not due to dengue. We held talks with the village heads to address the sanitation issues and the youth in the village have come forward to clear all the garbage. The village will be dengue-free and no child will due to fever in the future,\" Sethuramu assured.During the last three years, five people from the village died of a mysterious fever, the villagers claimed. One Jayapal (36) died all of a sudden after developing fever. Three months before this, Vetriselvi (47) from Manamadurai, who came to visit her relatives in the village died suddenly due to fever. Last year, a four-month-old infant, Saranya died also succumbed to fever, the villagers said.Lack of awareness among the public about keeping their surroundings clean is the major cause of this mysterious disease. \"Most of the households do not have sceptic tanks here. Though there is a common closed sewage, people tend to block this sewage whenever they pick up fights with the neighbours. It has resulted in serious sanitation hazards in the village and the officials cannot be blamed for this,\" a villager said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12525330", "title": "SC to examine delay in decision on mercy pleas", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday said it would examine all pending mercy pleas on a uniform delay yardstick irrespective of whether it was the case of media-highlighted Parliament attack convict Mohd Afzal or a poor prisoner suffering in an obscure jail waiting for a decision on his clemency plea.A bench of Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhaya asked additional solicitor general Harin Raval to submit files relating to every mercy plea pending with the authorities for more than two months and said: \"In 18 cases we find the delay in deciding on mercy petitions is between one to seven years. One of them of course is a relevant figure for the media and political parties.\"Hearing a PIL by an NGO 'Justice on Trial Trust' and petitions by death row convicts Devender Pal Singh Bhullar and M N Das, the bench was concerned by the inordinate delay in deciding mercy pleas that was not only contrary to the objective of clemency under Article 372 of the Constitution granting the President with the pardon power but also a cause for mental agony and trauma to an individual uncertain of his fate.Bhullar's counsel K T S Tulsi presented a chart to the court showing that on an average there was a delay of 293 days on each mercy petition filed with the President. The bench said, \"They have committed a crime and the verdict is there. But should they now be discriminated. We find that except in two cases, all mercy petitions are pending for over two years.\"Calling for the files, the bench said, \"We would like to have a look at those files. If we are not satisfied that there is no tangible reason for delay, we will issue suo motu notice to Centre seeking reasons.\"Senior advocate Ram Jethmalani , assisting the court as amicus curiae, argued that the court could be well within its power to commute the punishment to life imprisonment in cases where there was unexplained delay on the part of the executive in deciding mercy pleas.But, the bench asked whether the logic was true in cases where the convict made a mercy plea long after the judicial pronouncements confirmed the death penalty.Jethmalani said, \"I will not say the accused is entitled to the benefit of delay for which he is responsible. Where the accused has adopted frivolous, illegitimate means that portion of delay may be excluded.\"The bench presented the flip side and said there were many poor death row convicts who would fail to move the court. \"Why should the benefit of delay in deciding mercy pleas be restricted only to those who have approached the court?\" it asked.Referring to discrimination in media, which highlighted mostly the cases of rich and famous, the bench said, \"Our entire system is discriminatory. Some people get publicity for they are rich. Others do not get publicity for they are poor. The question then is should be keep quite there.\"The hearing on the matter will continue on April 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12526314", "title": "Fresh twist in Bihar's Lakhisarai murder case as Khushboo may be pregnant", "text": "PATNA: In yet another twist to the grisly murder of Suman Barnwal in Lakhisarai on March 25 evening, Suman's cousin Khushboo, who along with Suman's husband Naresh Barnwal has been accused of hatching the plot, on Tuesday admitted to have missed her two periods.Also read: Lakhisarai killing a story of love, sex aur dhokha?Suman was killed allegedly by road robbers when she, accompanied by husband, brother and brother's wife, was on way to Jamui from Rajgir. After her brother alleged Naresh's complicity in the crime so as to marry Khushboo, police arrested the duo. They were remanded in judicial custody and have since been lodged in the Lakhisarai jail.According to Lakhisarai civil surgeon Dr Sakaldeo Chaudhary, Khushboo made the revelation to jail doctor Vipin Kumar during routine medical examination. She has been advised pregnancy test. \"Once we get the court's permission, a gynaecologist will conduct the pregnancy test and, if need be, ultrasound on her,\" Dr Chaudhary told TOI over phone on Tuesday evening.A jail official said unmarried women undergo medical tests once they are brought to jail. Khushboo also talked about having taken pills to prevent pregnancy, he said and added unless it was medically confirmed, she could not be said to be pregnant.But if the tests indeed confirm pregnancy, police - already under pressure to show evidence to support their 'jeeja-saali' theory behind the killing - will cite it as a strong motive behind the murder. \"Of course, we will. The pregnancy will prove Naresh and Khushboo urgently needed to tie the knot to which Suman would have never agreed as she had been opposing talks even over phone between them,\" a police officer said.So far police claimed to have nabbed, besides Naresh and Khushboo, one of the seven criminals who intercepted the Barnwals' vehicle on the fateful evening. But sources said yet another arrest was made on Tuesday from a neighbouring state. He swill be produced in the court on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12525660", "title": "Shehla murder case: Zaheda, others remanded in judicial custody till April 11", "text": "INDORE: Prime accused in the Shehla Masood murder case, interior designer Zaheda Parvez on Tuesday alleged that the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) was trying to protect main culprit behind the killing of RTI activist.She said this, while being escorted to Indore district Jail along with her friend and co-accused Saba Farooqui after being produced before the Special CBI Magistrate. The court has extended judicial custody of both accused till April 11.\"I am innocent and being falsely implicated,\" claimed Zaheda, replying to a volley of queries from impatient media persons on the court premises. When asked as to who she thinks was the real accused, Zaheda said she had already named the accused, earlier. Even before she could speak further the cops intervened and prevented the media from asking any more queries.During the hearing both the accused again raised concern over the poor living conditions in the prison. However, the judge Dr Singh had told the prisoners that the district jail officials have denied the charges. The court also rejected the application of the defense counsel Nafisa Ali pleading to keep both the accused in the same cell.The other two accused in the case Saqib Ali 'Danger' and Irfan Ali too were produced in the Special CBI Court and the court extended the judicial custody of both till April 11. The CBI produced Saqib 'Danger' and Irfan separately. Earlier, Advocate Pradeep Gupta appearing for BJP MLA Dhruv Narayan Singh accused the CBI of misleading the court on lie detector test of his client. He said that his client had undergone the test on February 14 owing to ill-health, but taken the polygraph on February 25. Singh is on the radar of the CBI for his alleged role in the murder case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12530019", "title": "Mumtaz to play Parambrata's wife", "text": "The buzz doing the rounds is that Mumtaz Sorcar has just landed herself a role in Anjan Das' next, \" Shunyer Majhe\", the shooting for which will begin in a few days.Mumtaz will be paired opposite Parambrata Chatterjee and the duo will play husband-wife in the film.Written by Bhaskar Ghosh, the story deals with how a young couple deals with the pressures of corporate life.The film has an urban feel unlike other Das movies. The actors refused to comment, while the director said, \"I am having some issues with the film. I will only be able to comment once the issues, which cannot be revealed at present, get sorted out.Stuti Agarwal", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12524900", "title": "Online system soon to plug VAT leaks", "text": "NAGPUR: The current state budget proposes to put in a system of online verification of payment of value added tax (VAT) to prevent tax frauds. Under VAT, those down the line can get credit for the tax already paid in earlier transaction. For example, if a seller passes on tax component in the price charged to the buyer, the latter claims a proportionate credit while discharging his own liability. At times, it leads to refunds by the government.There have been instances of fraud where credit was claimed even without tax being paid. Some cases were found in Nagpur too, say sources. The proposed online system will enable the purchaser to verify if the tax charged by the seller has been actually paid. The move, as usual, has its opponents among tax practitioners and traders who complain that the tax credit will only be available on confirmation of payment made by the preceding link. Some also hail the move but prefer not to be named.The budget has also made it easier for small traders pursuing legal battles against disputed sales tax dues but also tightened grip on bigger ones moving the tribunals in similar matter. The government feels it would prevent delayed recovery of tax due to time buying tactics.Small traders may no longer have to continue prolonged legal battles for tax related disputes against the state's sales tax department. The budget proposes a threshold limit for the government to move high court in case of a dispute. This would be a provision similar to Section 268-A of the Income Tax Act that defines a minimum limit for the department to appeal against a decision before the next higher authority. Separate limits are set for appeals in the Income Tax tribunal as well as high court. The limits for the sales tax are expected to be declared eventually.However, another proposal has left the businessmen crying foul, who term this an oblique method of extracting dues that are otherwise disputed. The budget says that in order to expedite the disposal of appeals and curb the tendency to prolong appeals, if an appellant fails to attend the hearing or seeks adjournment three times, he shall have to pay at least 15% of the disputed tax for the stay against recovery to continue.Chartered accountant B C Bhartia says the provision will be limited to cases being heard at Maharashtra Value Added Tax ( MVAT) Appellate Tribunal as the budget cannot have any control over high court. However, he calls it a one-sided law as a similar penalty for delay should be imposed on the deparment too. Bhartia lauded the government on the proposal to fix a threshold limit for appeals by the sales tax department.Former president of Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) Ashok Chandak also flayed the move on depositing 15% of the dues. \"Most of the times, it is the department that seeks a later date. There have been instances when it has taken decades to settle a dispute over rates of tax applicable on a particular commodity. Such delays should also be taken into account,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12530777", "title": "'Lavani' dance pride of India, says Suniel Shetty", "text": "Lavani, the sensuous folk dance of Maharashtra, is the pride of India, according to Bollywood actor Suniel Shetty.\"Lavani is the pride not only of this state but of the entire country. Of late, it is also being used in Hindi films and actresses like Kareena and Katrina have swayed to its tunes,\" he said.Shetty was speaking at the three-day Lavani festival, an annual initiative of the Directorate of Cultural Affairs of Maharashtra Government, in partnership with National Center of the Performing Arts (NCPA), here last night.The festival showcases traditional folk arts such as Tamasha, Khadi Ganmat, Lavani and Dashavatar.Maharashtra cultural affairs minister Sanjay Deotale said the state government holds the annual event to ensure that this art form gets due prominence.Maharashtra Government's Director of Cultural Affairs, Ashutosh Ghorpade said the event has been attracting important members of state politics, bureaucracy and industry.A typical group of Lavani folk artistes in Maharashtra has 10-15 artists of which 9-10 are dancers and the rest are percussionists. Each year, the Directorate of Cultural Affairs invites nine groups to perform at the NCPA, in South Mumbai, during the budget session.The word Lavani comes from the word 'lavanya' which means beauty. The beginnings of Lavani can be traced back to 1560s. As a dance form, it requires lots of movements of the waist and the hip.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12526526", "title": "Jaipur to be showcased as the only tier II city with most 5-star hotels", "text": "JAIPUR: The Great India Travel Bazaar (GITB) to be held between April 15-17, 2012 is going to showcase Jaipur as the only tier II city in the country with the largest inventory of five-star hotels. With three more large luxury hotels to launch soon in the city, the total number of five-star rated hotels would touch between 12 - 14 in number.According to Khalid Khan, former president of Rajasthan Association of Tour operators (RATO), \"This year the inaugural dinner would be at The Lalit which is going to announce its arrival in the city in a big way. The hotel would have an inventory of 240 rooms and a large convention centre to accommodate 1,500-2,000 people.\"Besides, Radisson Blu that is likely to be ready by July 2012 would be a 180-room hotel and the largest one in the city, Fairmont, is likely to be ready by September 2012 and would be a 365-room property. \"Just these three would add about 600-700 room nights to the city's room inventory taking the total number of room nights to 4,000 in the city,\" said Khalid.\"It's a platform to introduce Fairmont Hotels &amp; Resorts to this market, and provide a luxury option for the meeting and leisure traveller in the region. It's also an opportunity to create business opportunities out of the Great Indian Travel Bazaar, interact with local and foreign buyers, registered Indian sellers, and also to generate awareness for Fairmont Jaipur,\" writes Fairmont Hotels.Since this would be comparatively large room inventory with multiple convention options, this would also draw a lot of MICE (meetings, incentives, conventions and exhibitions) traffic from other cities to Jaipur. \"Tourism is certainly increasing with almost 12-13 per cent and in times to come this would be very good for the buyers as with so much supply and options it would spell a healthy competition,\" said Khalid.According to the ministry of tourism GoI, \"The number of foreign tourist arrivals (FTAs) in India during 2010 increased to 5.78 million as compared to 5.17 million in 2009. The growth rate in FTAs during 2010 over 2009 was 11.8% as compared to (-) 2.2% during 2009 over 2008. The growth rate of 11.8% in 2010 for India was better than World Tourism Organisation UNWTO's projected growth rate of 5% to 6% for the world in 2010.\"BoxThe Great India Travel Bazaar is an event of the Department of Tourism Gore and FIand supported by Rajasthan supported Association of Tour operators RATO, FICCI, Hotel &amp; Restaurant Associations of Rajasthan HRAR, Indian Heritage Hotels Association.EomJaipur: The fifth Great India Travel Bazzar GITB April 15-17 2012 is going to showcase Jaipur as the only tier II city in the country with the largest inventory of five-star hotels. With three more large luxury hotels to launch soon in the city, the total number of five star rated hotels would touch between 12 - 14 nos.According to Khalid Khan, past president Rajasthan Association of Tour operators RATO, \"This year the inaugural dinner would be at The Lalit which is going to announce its arrival in the city in a big way. The hotel would have an inventory of 240 rooms and a large convention center to accommodate 1500-2000 people.\"Besides, Radisson Blu that is likely to be ready by July 2012 would be a 180 room hotel and the largest one in the pink city, Fairmont that is likely to be ready by September 2012 would be a 365 room property. \"Just these three would add about 600-700 room nights to the city's room inventory taking the total number of room nights to 4000 in the city,\" said Khalid. \"It's a platform to introduce Fairmont Hotels &amp; Resorts to this market, and provide a luxury option for the meeting and leisure traveler in the region. It's also an opportunity to create business opportunities out of the Great Indian Travel Bazaar, interact with local and foreign buyers, registered Indian sellers, also to generate awareness for Fairmont Jaipur,\" writes Fairmont Hotels.Since this would be comparatively large room inventory with multiple convention options, this would also draw a lot of MICE traffic from other cities to Jaipur. \"Tourism is certainly increasing with almost 12-13 per cent and in times to come this would be very good for the buyers as with so much supply and options it would spell a healthy completion,\" said Khalid.According to the ministry of tourism GoI, \"The number of Foreign Tourist Arrivals (FTAs) in India during 2010 increased to 5.78 million as compared to 5.17 million in 2009. The growth rate in FTAs during 2010 over 2009 was 11.8% as compared to (-) 2.2% during 2009 over 2008. The growth rate of 11.8% in 2010 for India was better than World Tourism Organisation UNWTO's projected growth rate of 5% to 6% for the world in 2010.\"BoxThe Great India Travel Bazzar is an event of the Department of Tourism GoR and FICCI and supported by Rajasthan supported Association of Tour operators RATO, FICCI, Hotel &amp; Restaurant Associations of Rajasthan HRAR, Indian Heritage Hotels Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12526074", "title": "Togadia may be told to keep off April 6 rally", "text": "HYDERABAD: In view of the recent communal violence in Sangareddy in neighbouring Medak district and the prevailing uneasy calm in the Old City, police are likely to deny VHP leader Praveen Togadia permission to participate in the Hanuman Jayanthi rally on April 6.It is learnt that VHP and Bajrang Dal activists are determined to ensure Praveen Togadia's participation in the celebrations. Police have already started making preparations for bandobust and the issue of Praveen Togadia's participation was also discussed. To pre-empt any trouble, the VHP international working president might be taken into preventive custody, sources said.``We have not taken any decision yet, but we are weighing all options, including taking him into preventive arrest, in view of the recent communal clashes in Sangareddy,'' police sources told TOI.The city police are also pointing to the communal clashes that rocked Rajouri town of Jammu and Kashmir following Praveen Togadia's inflammatory speech there recently. Curfew was imposed in the town for several days as the situation went out of hand.Recently, the Hyderabad police held a meeting with Facebook officials and asked to them to be available to police during the festival season. In the last few days, there were instances of blasphemous content posted on the social networking site aimed at creating tension between religious groups.Besides the Sangareddy incident, tension had gripped the Old City a few days ago when some persons brought to the notice of police about a morphed photograph of a place of worship posted on FB. Police got the content deleted by contacting FB management. They claimed they could avoid escalation of tension and the situation from turning violent since the issue was taken up by Darsgah Jihad-O- Shahadat (DJS), a radical organisation.Meanwhile, VHP and Bajrang Dal leaders said Togadia should be allowed to participate in the celebrations. ``There is no need for police permission. Is there any ban on Praveen Togadia? We will definitely take up the rally with the participation of Togadia,'' Bajrang Dal city president N Vinod said. VHP international president G Raghava Reddy told TOI: \"We are hopeful that police will permit Praveen Togadia since it is a peaceful rally.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12527121", "title": "Now, Mixed Martial Arts gyms to give youth the kick", "text": "CHANDIGARH: For a state, where boys secure their manhood only with six-pack workouts and ripped warrior-like abdominal muscles, inspired from their threatening bedroom posters of Jean-Claude, Sylvester Stallone and Arnie, co-owner of Super Fight League (SFL) Raj Kundra is set to bring country's first chain of Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) training gyms.\"We have pipelined launch of MMA gyms. There can't be a better destination than Punjab where fitness freaks dwell on sculpted bodies,\" Kundra told TOI.The training academies will first be opened in Ludhiana and Jalandhar, followed by metros like Delhi, Mumbai and Bangalore, Kundra announced.\"These are the two cities which see most of Punjabis visiting abroad to follow fitness sports and pick up sports accessories. They won't have to spend dollars on that anymore and can follow their pursuits,\" he said.The target audience for the gyms, like the SFL, will be men between ages of 18 and 35, and trainers will be flown in from the US.The gyms will prepare health freaks for combat sports with wrestling techniques in unarmed combat situations, including karate, Brazilian jju-jitsu, Muay Thai and kickboxing.\"The best way to look at this fastest growing sport in the world was as an organised street fight. Why flex your muscles on the street in an ugly fight and go to a prison? Show your valour, get fame and money,\" he said with a laugh.The British-born Indian said that he was excited to see Indian men, particularly from Punjab, making a fast representation in this sport.\"We already have Ricky Singh and Anup Kumar from Punjab and the second edition will bring men from rural and urban areas of Punjab. Look what hockey league did to the dying sport in Punjab and they won the inaugural edition,\" remarked Kundra. At present, a part-time training facility is being run in Nasik by Daniel Isaaac, who is the COO of Kundra's SFL.Issac, who is trained in a style called 'Oriental Martial Arts' which is a blend of striking, grappling and submission martial arts, has won series of events and championships, including World Kickboxing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi/vishakhapatnam", "code": "12529936", "title": "PM questions report on Army movement to Delhi, calls it 'alarmist'", "text": "NEW DELHI/VISHAKHAPATNAM: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has questioned the report carried in The Indian Express on the movement of two Army units towards Delhi this January without prior notification.The Prime Minister has called the news report 'alarmist' and has said it cannot be taken at face value.\"The army chief's office is an exalted office. All of us have an obligation to do nothing that lowers its dignity,\" Manmohan Singh said on the sidelines of the Padma awards function at Rashtrapati Bhavan.Defence minister AK Antony has also rubbished the report, calling it 'absolutely baseless'.Speaking to media after commissioning of INS Chakra into the Navy at Vishakhapatnam, Antony said the newspaper report was baseless and the Army movement was routine.The defence minister said the patriotism of the Army could not be questioned and it would do nothing to undermine the Indian democracy. I am proud of the Indian Army, Indian Navy and Indian Air Force, Antony said.According to the report appearing in The Indian Express, late on the night of January 16, central intelligence agencies reported an unexpected and non-notified movement by a key military unit from the mechanised infantry based in Hisar(Haryana).This was the day Army chief Gen VK Singh had approached the Supreme Court on his date of birth issue.The newspaper report states lookouts were alerted as a routine step. This was as part of a protocol put in place in June 1984, when some mutineers from Sikh units had moved towards national capital in the wake of Operation Bluestar.The lookouts confirmed the movement of what looked like a sizeable unit.It was soon identified as an entire unit of mechanised Infantry with its Russian made armoured fighting vehicles(AFVs) carried on 48 tank transporters. There was concern as no such movement had been notified. Further, the Army Day celebrations had ended on January 15.The situation turned into further alarm when reports came in of yet another military movement 'towards' Delhi, the report claims.This unit was identified as a large element of the airborne 50 Para brigade based at Agra.The lookout was activated south of Delhi as well and the column was identified.By this time both the columns were being tracked and 'watched'.The report says the defence minister was informed and the Centre put in motion an old contingency plan to delay such a move. An alert was issued to police to check all vehicles on the highways leading to Delhi in a bid to slow down the traffic.The Prime Minister was informed about the developments in the early morning hours of January 17.The report further states that defence secretary Shashi Kant Sharma was asked to cut short his visit to Malaysia .The defence secretary opened his office late at night and sought an explanation from Lt Gen AK Chaudhary, Director General Military Operations.Lt Gen Chaudhary called it a routine exercise. The Army's explanation was that it was carrying out exercises to check its ability to make quick deployments of key units during fog.The DGMO was told to send back both the units immediately.The newspaper claims that Army's explanation of it being a simple fog-time exercise was viewed with scepticism at the highest level.Reacting to the story, the BJP has said that it pointed to a trust deficit between the government and the Indian Army.Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi has tweeted that the Prime Minister should clear the air on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12526038", "title": "Blackout in east, central Delhi due to trippings", "text": "NEW DELHI: Large parts of east and central Delhi faced a blackout on Tuesday evening when the 400kV Mandola sub-station developed a snag around 7pm. According to sources, four circuits of the Mandola-Wazirabad line tripped, including one conductor wire that snapped completely. This led to a huge crisis and power supply had to be restored through alternative routes.The snag affected power supply in the peak hours of 7pm to 9pm. While power sector officials said units in two state power plants, Pragati and Rajghat, were shut down leading to a fall in internal generation by about 300MW, the total load affected, including central sector generation, was close to 700MW. Officials from state transmission utility Delhi Transco, however, tried to play down the effect of the snag by saying power consumption in the city was still within reasonable limits and too much of the load was not affected. \"The demand is currently around 300MW according to the state load dispatch centre. We tried to restore power supply at the earliest. In many areas the supply was resumed within two hours through alternative routes,\" said a spokesperson for Delhi Transco.The areas worst affected were in east Delhi, where colonies like Patparganj, Mayur Vihar Phase I and II, Vasundhara Enclave, Preet Vihar, Geeta Colony, Seelampur, Krishna Nagar, Shahdara saw power supply affected late on Tuesday. Parts of central Delhi like Karol Bagh and Paharganj were also hit as was supply to Metro services from Kashmere Gate. \"Fortunately, the Metro had several back-up systems in place,'' said officials. Consumers complained about no access to helplines and complaint centres. Transco officials said it would take a few days to rectify the damaged circuits and till then, supply would be provided through alternative routes. \"It is unclear what led to the multiple trippings. Efforts are on to ensure that supply is not affected as repairs take place on damaged circuits,'' said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12527545", "title": "State pulls up 5 civic bodies for not taking steps to improve sex ratio", "text": "PUNE: The state health department has served notices to the municipal corporations of Ahmednagar, Akola , Malegaon, Ulhasnagar and Bhiwandi for not taking adequate measures to improve the sex ratio in their jurisdiction.In fact, the above mentioned municipal corporations have recorded an alarming dip in sex ratio but none of them has filed criminal complaints under the Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques Act, 1994 and the amended Pre-conception and Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act, 2002. This at a time when other civic bodies are conducting surprise raids on erring sonography centres and levying fine on the guilty.The PCPNDT Act is an important tool in helping improve the skewed child sex ratio in the country. The main purpose is to ban use of sex selection techniques before /after conception and check misuse of prenatal diagnostic techniques for sex determination.\"The provisional figures of 2011 census show significant dip in the sex ratio in these areas which calls for urgent measures,\" said Asaram Khade, assistant director , family welfare and in charge of the PCPNDT cases, on Tuesday.Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (Regulation and Prevention of Misuse) Act, 1994 came into force on January 1, 1996. The amended Pre-conception and Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act, 2002 came into force on February 14, 2003.\"Leave filing a criminal case, not a single sonography machine has been sealed in Ahmednagar, Bhiwandi and Ulhasnagar so far,\" Khade said.Ahmednagar registered an alarming dip of 45 points, from 884 girls per one thousand boys in 2001 to 839 girls in 2011. Bhiwandi registered a drop of 13 points, from 931 in 2001 to 918 in 2011. Ulhasnagar accounted for a drop of 21 points, from 931 in 2001 to 910 in 2011, Khade said.Akola and Malegaon civic bodies have sealed sonography centres but no criminal cases have been filed against erring sonography centres so far. \"Akola sealed six sonography machines. They are in the process of filing court cases. Similarly, Malegaon sealed five sonography machines recently and they will soon be filing criminal cases,\" Khade said.Ahmednagar has 62 sonography centres in its city limits while Bhiwandi and Ulhasnagar have 37 and 33 centres respectively. Akola has 59 and Malegaon has 28 sonography centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12525893", "title": "Senior citizen\u2019s chain snatched", "text": "NEW DELHI: An 85-year-old woman was robbed of her gold chain in the Vasant Vihar area of south Delhi on Tuesday afternoon.The victim, P S Laxmi, had gone to the market on Tuesday to buy some groceries with her grandson, Sridhar, on his motorcycle, police said. On their way back, Sridhar stopped at a traffic signal near Priya Complex. Suddenly a man grabbed Laxmi's gold chain from behind and pulled it off. Laxmi fell off the bike while the snatcher ran ahead.The victim told cops that by the time she raised an alarm, the snatcher crossed the traffic signal and joined his accomplice who was waiting at the other end on a bike.Sridhar told cops that he even followed the accused to some distance but soon lost them in the traffic. The victim was provided with first aid and cops were informed about the incident.A case of assault and theft has been lodged at the Vasant Vihar police station. The victim told cops that the chain weighed around 55 grams and cost about Rs 1.75 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12526713", "title": "For now, cabbies won't pay new tax", "text": "BANGALORE: The government has targeted drivers of luxury cabs (above Rs 10 lakh) by levying 15% lifetime tax, but it plans to keep mum on the issue till the next legislature session in June.Despite the agitation by Bangalore Tourist Taxi Owners Association (BTTOA) and other luxury cab operators on Tuesday, transport minister R Ashoka could only send out an appeal and ask them to keep calm. He requested them not to surrender their permits to the department or start operating from Hosur in Tamil Nadu, as they had threatened earlier.Drivers of 500 luxury cabs -- including Jaguar , Audi and Mercedes Benz - gathered outside Freedom Park to stage their protest. All-India Motor Transport Congress (AIMTC) president GR Shanmugappa said, \"They (Tamil Nadu) charge nearly Rs 6,000 for a five-year period for all types of commercial vehicles. You can renew the permit and pay tax again for the next five years if you use the same vehicle. This is much better. However, the transport minister has promised to raise the matter in the next session. Till then, we will not pay lifetime tax and follow the old annual tax system.\"Protesting drivers of 500 luxury cabs -- including Jaguar, Audi and Mercedes Benz -- were parked outside Freedom Parkon Tuesday. Drivers and representatives of these associations staged the protest. Initially, the group planned to park in front of MS Building, outside the transport commissioner's office, but police chased them out for traffic issues. Transport commissioner T Sham Bhatt met the agitators and asked them to await government's decision. over the matter and not surrender permits immediatelyIt's believed that the government decided on a lifetime tax of 15% as many businessmen and bureaucrats are now buying high-end vehicles and registering them under 'Yellow Board'. Hence, they get a 50% rebate on excise duty and other benefits for maintaining the car at far less price than it ought to be.Shanmugappa said, \"About 90% of the high-end vehicles like Mercedes, Audi, Jaguar, Honda CRV, Honda Accord, Corolla and Camry and Rolls Royce are owned mostly by individuals, not cab operators. Our drivers operate these vehicles from hotels or airport and have only two to five such business per month. Rentals vary from Rs 14,000 to Rs 50,000 for eight hours, depending on the class of vehicle the tourist chooses.\"WHAT 15% TAX MEANSFor Toyota Innova, worth Rs 10.5 lakh, lifetime tax will be Rs 2.1 lakhFor Audi A8, costing Rs 90 lakh (approx), tax will be Rs 10 lakhFor Mercedes E Class starting from Rs 38.5 lakh, tax will be Rs 6 lakh (approx)For Jaguar, costing above Rs1 crore, tax will be around Rs 10 lakhFor Rolls Royce Ghost , ranging from Rs 1.5 crore to Rs 3.5 crore, tax will amount to Rs 40 lakh and more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12525490", "title": "Teen ACP lives his dream, wins cops' hearts", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was a routine day at Shahibaug police headquarters on Tuesday morning as policemen lined up ready for an inspection. However, here was the difference - the assistant commissioner of police (ACP) was a 10-year-old boy who gravely went through the official procedure. However, the teen in uniform could not hold back his tears after more than 50 policemen saluted him and promised to become his friend for life. It was a wish fulfilled for Aniket Parmar, the feisty teen battling with bone cancer.Aniket, a resident of Shahibaug, was diagnosed with cancer a year back and since then has been subject to a number of treatments. During this period, he came in touch with officials of Make-A-Wish Foundation who asked for his dream in life. \"I want to become a policeman,\" pat came the reply. To make his dream come true, the officials met with senior city police officials who happily agreed to help.Shamsher Singh, joint commissioner of police (special), told TOI that it was a memorable experience for them as well. \"Aniket was brought in a police van to the police headquarters where city police commissioner S K Saikia and other police officials were present. Aniket was given stars and designation of an ACP, a memorable moment for any officer. He then saluted the commissioner and resumed his duty for the day,\" said Singh.Aniket took the responsibility seriously and observed the parade where he also ordered the constables for the drill and later visited various offices. He was later taken to Shahibaug police station for a police station inspection. As he entered the cabin, A S Shukla, police inspector, rose from his seat and offered it to the ACP. Shukla then shown him various records of the police station and briefed him about the day-to-day functioning.\"For two full hours, the child lived one of his most cherished dreams - being a police officer. It was something that no money in the world can buy. We are very happy for him. We have often observed that children recover quickly after such a life-changing incident and we hope the same for Aniket,\" said Roopande Shah, program coordinator for Make-A-Wish Foundation.She added that every month, they fulfill wishes of 25 children, giving them glitter in the eye. \"While most of the children want something such as a tour or a movie viewing or meeting a celebrity, some want to live up to their dream of becoming somebody in the life. It is second instance in last four years where a child has been made a police officer. We have got great response from city police. Other professions chosen by children include being a doctor, engineer or teacher,\" said Shah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12527921", "title": "UP government transfers five senior bureaucrats", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government on Tuesday transferred five senior IAS officers including the district magistrates of Azamgarh and Maharajganj. District magistrate Maharajganj Pranjal Yadav has been sent to Azamgarh in the same capacity, replacing RN Singh who has been sent to Pratapgarh.Principal secretary, revenue and revenue commissioner K K Sinha has been sent to revenue board as member and principal secretary khadi and gramodyog Ashok Kumar comes to revenue department. Principal secretary vocational education Viresh Kumar comes to entertainment tax department in the same capacity, while principal secretary small industry and export promotion Mukul Singhal has been given the additional charge of khadi and gramodyog.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12526100", "title": "US bounty on Hafiz Saeed: Hope Pak will do its duty, says Chidambaram", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government and opposition welcomed the US announcement of a $10 million reward for the capture of Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) chief Hafiz Saeed even as the most wanted terrorist spewed venom on Washington's decision and Pakistan squirmed in embarrassment.Speaking to reporters, foreign minister S M Krishna said, \"It reflects the commitment of India and the US to bring the perpetrators of the 26/11 attack to justice and continuing efforts to combat terrorism. It also sends a strong signal to LeT and its patrons that the international community remains united in combating terrorism.\"Home minister P Chidambaram said the fact that the US has finally recognized that Saeed and his organization LeT were involved in terrorist activities may prod Pakistan to take action against him. \"We hope it will put pressure on the Pakistan government to take action against him,\" he said, adding India would continue to compile information against Saeed. He pointed out that there was enough evidence to detain and interrogate Saeed, but the \"Pakistan government was not doing its duty\".Asked whether the issue would be raised during President Asif Ali Zardari's visit to India, Chidambaram said it may not be the best occasion to raise this issue as he would be here for religious purposes. But he added that India would continue to raise the issue on other occasions.Meanwhile, an embarrassed Pakistan government was caught unawares by the announcement. Interior minister Rehman Malik said they had not been consulted. \"We should have been taken into confidence,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12525854", "title": "23 Indians arrested for fishing 'illegally' in Pak waters", "text": "WASHINGTON: Twenty-three Indian fishermen were arrested and four of their boats seized for fishing \"illegally\" in Pakistan's territorial waters, officials said here on Tuesday.The Indian fishermen were arrested after being warned twice that they had entered into Pakistan's territorial waters and were fishing there illegally, a spokesman for the Pakistan Maritime Security Agency said.\"After the warning these fishermen were arrested and their boats seized. They will be presented before a judicial magistrate tomorrow,\" the official said.Since January this year, there have been frequent arrests made by the Pakistani Maritime Security Agency with 31 fishermen and 14 boats seized in January and another 24 fishermen and 12 boats seized in February.The arrests come despite attempts by both countries in recent times to free fishermen lodged in jails in Pakistan and India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12526797", "title": "Two persons drown", "text": "KANPUR: Two persons drowned at separate places. The bodies were fished out on Monday evening.In first incident, a 26 years old man, a resident of Ramabai Nagar slipped into deep waters at Brahmvart Ghat in Bithoor. He had come to the ghat for immersing the idol of Maa Durga after the conclusion of Navratra.The divers and the boatmen present on the ghats jumped into the river to save him but he drowned. He was identified as Shivkaran.The second incident took place in Panki canal where a class XII student slipped and fell into water. The Panki police said that Saraknath (18) had come to the city to appear in the UP board examination. He was with his friend near the canal when he slipped and fell.Postmortem examination was conducted on Tuesday which confirmed the deaths due to drowning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12526357", "title": "Details of temple land to be available online", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a bid to protect temple land from being encroached by land sharks, the endowments department is building an interactive online information system for effective management of endowments property. An operation is in full swing to compile land-related data of 36,000 temples in the state by the end of this month.Centre for Good Governance (CGG) in coordination with the endowments department is working on this project. The endowments wing has a total of 4.29 lakh acres of land under its purview and 61,914 acres of it has been encroached upon. While 33,334 acres of land is under the possession of archakas and other service providers, 1.42 lakh acres has been leased out by the department to private parties for development.Endowments minister C Ramachandraiah said the new online system would pave way for better protection and management of valuable land and temple properties in urban areas where the land value is sky-high. Apart from the 4.29 lakh acres it owns, the endowments department is also hoping to get more land details which are under the utilization of unidentified tenants. Temples maintain register No. 42 to maintain the data of property donated by various donors for their self-sustenance. \"The current exercise will also record the data of properties of AP temples outside the state boundaries as well,\" a senior official said. As a practice the endowments wing grants land on auction basis for agriculture. \"But when the tenants start colluding with bigwigs, it becomes difficult for us to maintain control on the land holdings. Hence, the need for an online system which is transparent and where the entire data would be in public domain,\" the official told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12527091", "title": "Murder accused gets life imprisonment", "text": "MANGALORE: The second additional district and sessions court here has sentenced Dinesh, accused of murdering Sarojini, 28 to life imprisonment. The court, which had reserved its judgement on Saturday pronounced it on Monday. The accused had waylaid Sarojini at Thenka Yedapadavu under Bajpe police station limits on October 3, 2010, when she was returning home.Dinesh attempted to molest Sarojini. When she resisted, he jostled the victim and crushed her head with a laterite stone and later fulfilled his vicarious desire with a corpse. Mangalore north division assistant commissioner of police M Puttamadaiah who investigated the case, nabbed the accused with the help of then Panambur CPI Valentine D'Souza.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12526630", "title": "The tree that the field marshal planted", "text": "COIMBATORE: Bang in the centre of the city corporation's senior citizen and memorial park near VOC ground in the city is the 'Salutation Tree' planted by none other than Field Marshal Sam Bahadur Maneckshaw in remembrance of the brave soldiers who laid down their lives in the Kargil war. The tree is one among the 250 trees in the park spread over 1.6 acre, which is also a memorial park where people could plant a tree in memory of their loved ones. However, majority of the residents who walk regularly at the park seem to be unaware of the exploits of the great soldier when TOI visited the park on his 98th birth anniversary on Tuesday.\"It is a novel idea to remember a person by planting a tree. I have noticed the Salutation Tree but I am not aware about its history,\" said M Chinnasamy, who works with a private firm in the city.Field marshal Maneckshaw planted the Salutation Tree on October 2, 1999. The engraving on a marble plaque placed next to the tree says that the memory of the brave soldiers who died in Kargil will live on forever. Though the rest of the trees are in good condition and the park is also fairly well maintained, the 'Salutation Tree' has barren branches devoid of leaves and flowers and the park employees claimed that it had drooped recently and in a few days new leaves will sprout on its branches.\"I am not aware about the tree but will now make it a point to check up about it and also Sam Bahadur,\" said J Sampath Kumar, a city-based business man who visit the park regularly.The city corporation had set up the park about 15 years back and had offered people to plant saplings in memory of dear ones after remitting a fee of Rs 500 to the civic body. The idea to open such a park was that of C Chandramouli, present registrar general of India who was heading Coimbatore corporation commissioner then. Each of the trees in the park has a board erected next to it mentioning the name of the individual in whose name the tree was planted and also the date of planting the tree.The park was in a state of neglect and was revived and revamped at an estimated cost of Rs 25 lakh and reopened in January 2011. The park is open from 5am to 9am and from 3pm to 7pm every day. A private horticulture firm maintains the park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12526343", "title": "Experts for specific land return clause", "text": "KOLKATA: State commerce and industries minister Partha Chatterjee had once criticized the Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee government for not keeping an exit clause in the Singur agreement the government had signed with the Tatas. He was the leader of the opposition in the assembly then. Land experts suggest that Chatterjee, now a minister, has to be specific about return of the leased land clause while the government enters into an agreement with an investor.Industry officials have learnt it the hard way from several agreements, particularly the one the Left Front government signed with the Hind Motors in September 2006. The land reforms department in its order allowed the ailing auto-maker to transfer a portion of the land under its possession at Uttarpara for the company's revival.In the order, the government mentioned about the Hind Motors revival plan stated in the schedule attached to the order. The roadmap submitted by the company gave a detailed revival plan from the first year to the sixth year when the company aimed at reaching the break-even for the Uttarpara unit. But the government order that allowed the company to sell 314 acres in Uttarpara premises to the Shriram Group didn't mention the \"zero date\" from which the proposed revival period was to be calculated.\"Though more than five years have passed, the company is yet to make a turnaround. It had proposed to reach the break-even by now. But the government can't take any step because the GO doesn't clearly mention the zero date,\" a government official said.Hind Motors sold 314 acres for Rs 295 crore, of which a major portion was to be used for revival of the Uttarpara unit. The company had even planned to make a profit of Rs 18 crore and a turnover of Rs 644 crore in the sixth year, which didn't happen. It also said a major part of the money through sale of the landed assets would be spent towards meeting capital expenses and working capital requirements. The government allowed the sale of the land so that the company gets the resources for revival by promoting the land - setting up township, IT park and other facilities like hospital, school, college, community centre, roads.Pointing to the grey areas in the government agreement with Hind Motors, land experts want the government to incorporate the \"zero date\" would be essential for enforcing the return of land if unutilized for three years as incorporated in the West Bengal Land Reforms (Amendment) Bill, 2012. Partha Chatterjee, however, is confident that the government won't leave such grey areas this time.\"A committee of ministers under the chief minister will look into each and every aspect before giving sanction to the project. Let me remind once again, that our government is not transferring land as the Left Front government did. We are leasing out the land only. The zero date will be mentioned in the agreement the government signs with the investor,\" Chatterjee said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12530579", "title": "High-speed diesel loco on railway tracks soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: With an aim of hauling heavier trains, railways is ready to roll out a newly-designed 5500 horse power (HP) diesel locomotive equipped with all modern features including 100 km per hour running speed.Aptly named as \" Bheem\", the high horse power locomotive is currently undergoing safety trial. Manufactured at Diesel Locomotive Works at Varanasi, the prototype has cost about Rs 17 crore to the railways.Railways have 4500 HP diesel locos for freight operation and with the induction of \"Bheem\", the carrying capacity will increase substantially,\" said a senior Railway Ministry official, adding \"railways will manufacture 15 such locomotives in the current fiscal.\"Railways have set a loading target of 1025 million tonnes for 2012-13, 55 MT more than the last fiscal.Designed jointly by the Railways and EMD, a US-based company, the locomotive has a provision of toilet for crew, a first in railways.\"It has been been designed to set up new standards for crew comfort and safety. Among others the locomotive is fuel efficient as it is equipped with electronic fuel injection and emission control system. Besides it has heated ventilation air conditioning, collision protection system and an ergonomically designed driver seat,\" the official said.The locomotive comes with a huge fuel capacity of 7500 litres to provide long runs without refuelling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12525596", "title": "Nine leopards killed in 5 years", "text": "AHMEDABAD: At least nine leopards have been killed by villagers in Saurashtra, Banaskantha and Dang in the last five years. Of these, five were killed in Saurashtra region alone.\"Leopards are being killed in the region where people take care of another big cat - the Asiatic lions. Even if a farmer sees his cattle being attacked by a lion, he would not interfere, but if a leopard is involved, they will attack it,\" said a senior forest officer.Going by the state government figures given in the assembly in reply to Jodia MLA Raghavji Patel's question, between 2007-08 and 2010-11 one leopard was killed in Banaskantha, Bhavnagar and Amreli district each, while three leopards were killed in Dang and Junagadh.It is clear that the number of leopard-human conflict is on the rise not because of its increasing population but because of it straying out in search of its favourite food like monkeys and dogs, said the officials.They said that the leopard census taken up in 2011 revealed that the population is up by 8.41 per cent. The count has increased to 1,140 from 1,070 (as per the count in 2006). Officials said that the highest density of leopard is in Junagadh district, which has the population of 385 leopards.The census revealed that more than 50 per cent of the population stays in close proximity to human beings. The natural habitat of the wildlife is shrinking because of the degradation of the forest. The government's decision to give land to adivasis in the forest areas has driven away the prey base for the big cats into the open area and this has resulted in the big cats moving out of the sanctuary.Officials in the forest department, refusing to be quoted, said, \"The leopards are venturing into sugarcane fields.\" They said they take shelter in sugarcane fields in search of cats, dogs and even small animals, and are not spotted from a distance. But as one gets into the field, human-animal conflict occurs, they added.In Junagadh alone, about 60 attacks on humans have been reported, of which over 90 per cent were by leopards, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12527297", "title": "As mercury rises, PCMC gives students woollen sweaters", "text": "PUNE: At a time when the day temperatures are rising rapidly, students of municipal primary schools in Pimpri-Chinchwad are being handed out free woolen sweaters by the Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) school board. The students were supposed to get these sweaters last October, before the start of the winter season.Of the total 41,000 students who were to get the sweaters, about 4,100 are still waiting.The PCMC school board which gives various school items to the students of the primary schools every year has always been under a cloud for delays in distribution of some of the items, as well as various alleged irregularities . The distribution of sweaters to the students has also been delayed by nearly six months. The total expenditure incurred on the distribution of sweaters is nearly Rs 1.45 crore.As per the practice of the civic school board, primary students studying from std I to VII get woolen sweaters once in two years. In the present academic year, around 41,000 students were to get the sweaters. The distribution of the sweaters, which the administration says started in January, is still going on.Asked why the board did not start the distribution of sweaters in time and well before the start of winter season in October, Balasaheb Ovhal, administration officer of the PCMC school board, said, \"The municipal board comes to know about the exact number of students in the schools for the academic year only by July-August , since some students take admissions late. Also, we decided to give the contract for distribution of sweaters to the previous contractor who promised us to provide the items at the old rates instead of the new increased rates,\" he said.The board, he said, had submitted the proposal for purchase of sweaters to the municipal commissioner in December 2011. The proposal was approved on January 2 after the board made necessary changes as per the directives of the municipal commissioner.Ovhal said the contractor was given three months time to distribute the sweaters. \"Around 85% of the sweaters have been distributed. The remaining sweaters will be distributed to the students in two to three days.\"Civic activist and president of the Kashtakari Kamgar Panchayat Baba Kamble charged that the students of municipal schools always get their school items - like notebooks, shoes, raincoats and sweaters - late every year. As they do not get the essentials on time, the very purpose of distribution of the items is lost. The items are of no use to the students if they are given late.The civic body, he said, should take measures to ensure that the education materials are distributed to the municipal students on time. The municipal school board should prepare plans for distribution of the items well in advance so that the students get them at the start of the academic year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12527143", "title": "Soon, garbage collection centres across the city", "text": "GURGAON: In order to ensure that garbage collection in the city is done in a more efficient manner, MCG commissioner Sudhir Rajpal has ordered the construction of primary garbage collection centres in different parts of the municipal area.The first such centre has already become operational in Sukhrali near IFFCO Chowk and the second one at the other end of the road is likely to be ready in the next 10 days\"The reason for having these centres is to ensure efficiency in the sanitation system. At present, since there is no dedicated place, people throw garbage all over the place. Also, from now on all the sanitation workers will collect garbage from the vicinity (Sector 17 and Sukhrali village) and dump it here and thereafter all the garbage will be transported by a dumper to the solid waste management plant on the city outskirts in Bandhwari. A complaint number will also be displayed at these centres so that residents can call and complain if they find waste lying around,\" said an official.On Tuesday, the commissioner also inspected Prem Nagar area where recently a RMC road was laid along with sewer and water supply line at the cost of Rs 44 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "12526344", "title": "Man gets life sentence for killing youth", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Additional district and sessions court judge B G Hareendranath, on Tuesday, awarded life term and Rs 2.5 lakh fine for the prime accused in the five-year-old murder case of a Rajasthan native on Tuesday.According to the public prosecutor, the convicted Muhammed Sufiyan (25), a native of Kottakkal killed Sharavan Sing (20), a collection agent of a textile showroom in Kozhikode, with the help of his friends on December 12, 2007. Sharavan was from Fatehabad in Rajasthan.Sufiyan, and the second accused Madan Sing (28) trapped Sharavan in a car and gave him Pepsi laced with poison.When he fainted, the duo killed him and robbed Rs 40, 000 along with blank cheques and mobile phones.The body was later dumped in a vacant land at Parappur. The second accused is also a native of Rajasthan. He was acquitted due to lack of evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12526673", "title": "Large python sighted in Sanjay Van", "text": "KANPUR: A seven feet long python was sighted in the green belt in Sanjay Van in Kidwai Nagar. A large crowd gathered at the spot to have a glimpse of the large python. After sometime, it vanished into the bushes. Chaos prevailed in the area till it was confirmed that the reptile had gone into the thick undergrowth. At around 11am, a few people spotted the python. \"When we came to know that a python has been spotted we also went to the spot. The forest department could not be contacted. Also the reptile vanished into greenery,\" said Anand Gupta, a local resident.An official of forest department said that they got information of the sighting of python.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12526883", "title": "Evicted people have hardly any hope left now", "text": "RANCHI: \"I wanted my children to study but how can I think of sending them to school when I have not been able to give them a roof in last one year?\" said a tearful Mohammed Tassavur, a labourer and a victim of the anti-encroachment drive in Islam Nagar.He and his family have been spending nights in a plastic tent since his house was demolished last year. Islam Nagar had been home to more than 12000 people out of which most were daily wage earners. After their houses were demolished in the anti-encroachment drive, those people either had to live under the open sky or in a nearby madrassa. The only school of the area, YMC School, has also been demolished in the drive and the children have no place to study.Juhi, a 10-year-old, said, \"I used to go to school but now it has been demolished. I spend my day working with my mother as domestic help to earn something.\" The worst problem of the area is that the residents do not have drinking water.Tassavur said, \"There was one hand pump in the area which has been broken. Now when we need drinking water, we have to go to nearby hotels or homes to get water.\" The residents of Naga Baba Khatal had also been victims of anti-encroachment drive and the 5000 people living in the area had become homeless. Many have sent their family members to villages and living alone in the tents, trying to earn a living. Manoj, a tender coconut seller, said, \"I have sent my family to my village as I cannot let my grown up daughters sleep under open sky.Unfortunately, I can't join them as it is not possible for me to leave my work here.\" Some people, who have taken rooms on rent after their houses were demolished, are facing a bigger problem - as their monthly income is not enough for that arrangement. Gopal, a street vendor who has taken a room on rent, said, \"I am paying Rs 2000 for one room as I have a big family, and we have no other option. My daily income is Rs 120. So half of my monthly income is spent on the rent.\"The evicted people of Madhukam are working at the construction site, which has been allotted to them by the Ranchi Municipal Corporation. Dashrath Gope had a shine in his eyes when he said, \"They have promised to give us home here once the construction work is done. If I work hard, I will be able to provide a roof for my family by this time next year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12527171", "title": "Auto drivers outsmarted in E-meter tamper bid", "text": "Here's a lesson for autorickshaw drivers who plan to hoodwink the law and commuters by tampering with the new electronic meters.Some autorickshaw drivers who installed electronic meters in their vehicles a few days ago reportedly tried to check whether the new devices could be tampered with. However, their attempts to rig the meters failed.Said a driver, who requested anonymity, \"Unions have been opposing the new e-meters , with the one led by Thampy Kurian alleging that these devices can be tampered with.We decided to check it out ourselves.\" A couple of drivers tried to use an external gadget to send additional pulse to the meter. \"However, as the pulse rate increased, we found that the gadget began to beep loudly . Subsequently, the device turned blank and switched over to clock mode. The machine hung and we had to approach a meter repairer to fix the problem ,\" the driver said.He added that there were two seals-one on the meter and another close to the engine or gear box. \"It is difficult to instal any gadget close to the engine to send additional pulse as we will then have to break the seal and the tampering will be evident. Also, the chip in the e-meter has been programmed in such a way that any extra pulse (above 2,800, for example ) will show an error message , beep and completely stop the system,\" he said.When contacted, Kurian said he had not yet attempted to tamper with the new e-meters , although he had done it in meters manufactured before 2010. \"But I plan to procure a brand new meter and do so in the next few days. My intention is in the general interest of auto drivers. There is a Supreme Court order, which states that any new meter introduced in the market should be fool-proof . But I doubt that the e-meters are tamper-proof and will give a demo to RTO officials soon,\" he added.Consumer rights activists are, however, furious. Said activist Shirish Deshpande,\"I don't understand what union leaders like Thampy Kurian want to prove by tampering with an e-meter . I agree that rigging or hacking is possible in almost everything-be it credit cards, computers, websites or bank accounts. But does that mean commuters don't deserve e-meters ?\"An RTO official said stringent action would be taken against those found tampering with e-meters .Panel On Taxi FaresThe transport department will consider the demand of taxi unions to form a new committee to decide on fare hikes based on the existing cost of living index and other factors. Union leader A L Quadros submitted a memorandum to transport commissioner V N More, who reportedly gave a \"positive response\" .-SomitSenThe Technique Used By Autowallahs1. The method involves a small device, which is in the shape of a computer mouse (around half the size) and contains wires and a chip that helps send additional pulse to an e-meter 2. The 'mouse' is connected to a switch with 'on' and 'off' modes 3. The switch, in turn, is connected to the wires of an e-meter and controls the speed of its readingHow The System Was Intended To WorkIf the switch is in the off mode, the electronic meter will operate normally and give you proper reading, in accordance with the tariff card If you switch it on, the meter will read faster. For example, the meter reading can be as high as 3km in a minute (possible only at a speed of 180 kmph) The switch can be concealed conveniently under the driver's seat and switched on and off without the passenger noticing itWhat Actually HappenedThe moment extra pulse was sent using the mouse, the emeter detected an error and sounded an alarm After the beep, the e-meter got automatically switched off and then switched to clock mode The auto drivers had to take the tampered meters to workshops to get them rectifiedExchange meters for free: UnionsMUMBAI: Unions have demanded an \"exchange scheme \" for autorickshaw drivers , wherein they can exchange old mechanical meters for new e-meters free of cost.\"Our drivers are so poor that they don't have the money to buy and maintain new emeters . We have demanded an exchange policy and a oneyear warranty for new meters ,'' said union leader Thampy Kurian. He warned that if that did not happen, they might have to ply autos with \"expired fitness certificates\" .\"If drivers fail to turn up for the tests on time and ply autos illegally, we will prosecute them,'' said assistant RTO Tanaji Chavan. The Wadala RTO on Tuesday launched a drive to nab drivers with expired fitness certificates.Meanwhile, some meter repairers and drivers alleged that the Wadala RTO had faulty test tracks at Ghatkopar. Regional transport officer Vikas Pandkar, however, refuted the charges.-Somit SenTimes ViewThe opposition to electronic meters defies logic and is an attempt to criminalize what should have been an honest profession like any other. Whether e-meters are tamperproof or not is not really relevant here. The moot point is why tamper with meters in the first place. What do the unions think: that every autorickshaw (or taxi) meter is made to be tampered? This brazen disregard for the law is shocking, even in a city that is inured to everyday violation of rules", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12525789", "title": "Businessman brings luxury on wheels", "text": "LUDHIANA: Taking into consideration the elite class of the city, businessman Rajiv Sagger has started a unique bus liner which combines luxury and comfort. For the same he signed an MOU with a Bangalore-based company. The 21 seater bus had everything one can imagine - from a washroom, pantry to individual touch screen LCDs and wifi connection, you name it and it has it all and more. The bus is currently plying on Ludhiana-Chandigarh-Delhi route.Resident of Green Park, Rajiv said, ''I travel very often for business, but the commute is very tiring. So I always wanted a vehicle which combines luxury and comfort of home. When I got to know about a company which has this kind of a bus, I signed an MOU and started this bus on March 22.Unveiling the special features of his luxury liner bus, he adds, ''I believe the elite class of the city will love to travel in this bus. The business class seats are very comfortable and can recline upto 165 degrees. Passengers can watch 200 channels and also see pre-loaded movies. Scumptous food is also served to passengers.''And maintaining high quality standard is the utmost priority of this owner. ''The bus is GPS enabled and company officials from Bangalore keep a regular tab on it. The fare for the bus is Rs 1,200 for Delhi and Rs 700 for Chandigarh.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12526690", "title": "Couple kills son in fit of rage", "text": "KANPUR: A couple killed their two-and-a-half-year old son in a fit of rage in Baberu area in Banda on Monday night.The police suspect that Hira Lal, a resident of Marka village and his wife Tejiya killed their son Saurabh after smashing his head on the road in Tola Kalan area.Hira Lal had gone to the house of a sorcerer Ashiq Ali to get his wife Tejia cured after she fell ill on the sixth day of Navratri.The police said that Hira Lal believed that his wife's sickness was due to the presence of evil spirits. He, his wife Tejia, brother-in-law Santosh and neighbour Rajpatiya visited sorcerer Ashiq Ali at his home on Monday night.After a few sessions of sorcery practice, Ashiq asked Hira Lal to visit another sorcerer in Singhpur Parseta village.Accompanied by Ashiq's son Naushad, Hira Lal, his wife and son went to see the other sorcerer, where some dispute over payment occurred.He returned to Ashiq's place. At around 12.30 am, the couple started quarrelling and blamed each other for falling into the trap of the sorcerer.The two attacked a relative in a fit of rage. They then smashed their son Saurabh's head on the road.\"On hearing his cries, locals rushed to the spot. The couple attacked them with stones,\" police said.The residents of the area apprised the local police.Hira Lal, his wife Tejia, sorcerer Ashiq Ali and his sons Subrati and Naushad were arrested.The couple runs a grocery shop in Bakal village at Jogini Devi temple. The accused have been booked under Section 302 of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "panchkula/ mohali", "code": "12527300", "title": "Panchkula remains preferred destination", "text": "PANCHKULA/ MOHALI: Registration of property continues to burn a hole in pocket of buyers. With 4% hike in Panchkula and up to 20% in Mohali, the revised collector rate in Panchkula continues to be higher than that of Mohali. Despite this fact Panchkula remains the first choice of buyers.\"Panchkula has always been the first preference of people looking for property. Those who don't get plots settle in for flats only to stay within the boundary of Panchkula,\" said president of property dealers association in Panchkula, Jagdeep Atri. He added, \"And this preference is the reason why rates are higher in Panchkula than Mohali.\"\"Mohali is still in the developing stage and Panchkula has already developed so that is the reason Panchkula is still an alluring city for people,\" argues property dealer Raj Singh Malik, who is based in Sector 11, Panchkula. Commenting on the rise, Panchkula district revenue officer G S Virk, said, \"Though, we have just made a hike of 4% still the collector rates of Panchkula are on the higher side as Mohali is not as developed. Basic facilities like water and electricity are excellent in Panchkula as compared to Mohali, so the rates are obviously going to be high.\"Residents have not taken the hike well. \"The market is already slow and increase in rates will make buyers panicky. The administration should have considered everything before making a hike,\" said Radhika Sharma, a resident of Sector 6, Panchkula.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12526444", "title": "Newborn girl found dead on road", "text": "KOLKATA: A newborn's body was found lying on the pavement along Sundari Mohan Avenue near National Medical College Hospital on Tuesday morning. The locals first spotted the baby girl wrapped in a piece of cloth and took her to CNMC Hospital where doctors declared her dead, police said. The doctors confirmed that the baby was 14 weeks old. Police have initiated probe. TNN and registered a case of unnatural death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12525358", "title": "Come June, bountiful Rabi harvest poses problem of plenty", "text": "NEW DELHI: A problem of plenty is looming as by June 1, an estimated 12 million tonnes of foodgrain will have to be stored in the open in \"kutcha plinths\" with a bountiful Rabi harvest and procurement of 65 million tonnes of grain boosting food stocks to record levels.With states like Madhya Pradesh - apart from the wheat baskets of Punjab and Haryana - delivering bonus yields, food stocks are expected to hit the 75 million tonne mark, placing the government in a Catch-22 situation as the total storage capacity with the Centre and states adds up to 63 million tonnes.\"Management of wheat procurement in 2012-13 will be more problematic than last year and if MP procures 65 lakh tonnes of wheat, evacuation of wheat from Punjab will remain adversely affected...in these states (Punjab, Haryana and MP) substantial quantity of wheat will have to be stored in kutcha plinths,\" an official note states.While on one hand, there is relief that a bumper crop will help meet commitments under the proposed food security Act, the current off take of 53-55 million tonnes under the public distribution system (PDS) will not clear stocks fast enough to accommodate fresh arrivals. The recently added 30 lakh tonne storage is not adequate, and procurement, officials said, is expected to touch 74 million tonnes by July.Keeping food stocks in plinths make them vulnerable to \"damage due to excessive rains\" as had happened in the past few years when bulging stocks led to lakhs of tonnes of damaged wheat being sold off at reduced rates.Pushing stocks into the market is a plausible option, but the government's room for manoeuvre is limited as finance minister Pranab Mukherjee is keen to keep the food subsidy bill in check. Moving grain comes at a cost as the government pays Rs 22-24 for every kg procured, while the sale price, even for above poverty line (APL) families, is Rs 8 a kg.There have been suggestions that the government restrict itself to maintaining stocks for calamities, PDS supplies and a strategic buffer to ensure the Centre can intervene to maintain moderate prices. But the ambitious food security Act that seeks to provide entitlements to 67% of the population will mean that the government will dominate the market even more than it does. Some experts feel allowing exports and imports while maintaining a strategic reserve is more likely to ensure food security.Sources said with exports not permitted, government procurement played a vital role in ensuring farmers got their due with the winter crop exceeding expectations. Lack of strong intervention would have almost certainly led to acute farm distress and prices in mandis would have crashed due to higher supplies.Officials estimate that wheat procurement to go up to about 74 million tonnes by July, while available storage space is for about 45 million tonnes. \"Let July come and there will be a huge problem,\" said a farm ministry official. Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal has already flagged the problem of storage and has urged the Union government to help solve the problem.Estimates show that total food grain production in 2011-12 is estimated to be 251.42 million tonnes of which rice is about 102 million tonnes and wheat 88 million tonnes. The economic survey notes that \"public private partnerships models can be of help in ensuring faster development of these requirements which are of vital importance for the growth of the agriculture sector.\"Times ViewLamenting the lack of grain storage facilities has become an annual, entirely avoidable ritual. It does not take rocket science to figure out that if a growing population is to be fed properly, India's foodgrains production must rise sharply over time. That means more grain will need to be stored. The debate on who should build the required storage capacity is a largely meaningless one. Given the scarcity of such storage right now, clearly both public and private capacity needs to be urgently created. The government must step up investment in building warehouses while creating an environment in which the private sector also steps in. Nothing can be worse than letting grain rot in the open or be eaten by rats when humans are starving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12530616", "title": "Angelina Jolie inspires Karisma's Dangerous Ishhq's look?", "text": "We saw it once. And then had to go back to check it out once again. 'It' being the first look of Karisma Kapoor's comeback film Dangerous Ishhq that released today.Dressed in a flowing crimson dress, and putting her (best?) foot forward, the actress held a sultry Angelina Jolie-esque posture in the posters. Was that a conscious decision, we asked the actress, who simply laughed it off and said, \"Honestly, we didn't think about the poster at all. We had done this photo shoot way earlier. There is a strange similarity but it is not inspired by Jolie.\"But the actress did say that the West has influenced the industry. And we are not just talking about the films here. Karisma said how working for a mother has now become easier. \"We have become like the West. Like Angelina Jolie or Kate Winslet, I too have kids and have responsibilities beyond my job. Vikram (Bhatt) and the production house worked out the dates according to me. They know that I am a mother.\"And while the media has been busy tagging Vikram Bhatt's supernatural thriller as Karisma's 'comeback' film, the actress was of a different opinion. \"I had simply taken a sabbatical. A maternity leave. People keep telling me that it is the best time to comeback since female oriented films are back in fashion. But when I worked earlier, I did a commercially successful Biwi No 1 and also a Zubeida. A good actor and good script will always work,\" said Karisma.And work she did. \"I had the best time of my life,\" claimed the actress and said, \"The role was challenging and a lot of fun. It's a different role - and by that I mean people will literally see me in different avatars.\"Excited about the promo launch, Karisma added, \"I don't know the fate of the movie. We have worked really hard. Making a 3D film is not exactly easy. The promos have come out really exciting.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12525820", "title": "'Railway authorities should deal with protesters strictly'", "text": "LUDHIANA: Many train passengers had a tough time on Tuesday due to rail roko call given by BJP Kisan Morcha, but it turned out to be a smooth ride for those aboard the Shatadbi Express. While the other trains were delayed by one to two hours, authorities did not let agitators stop Shatabdi Express for long.Another businessman and a resident of Civil Lines, Krishan Gupta said, ''It is not justified to block rail tracks to pressurize the government for their demands. The railway authorities should impose strict rules and whosoever tries to stop trains should be punished.'' He said they were not responsible for problems being faced by protesters, then why were they being harassed unnecessarily.Upset after the long wait at the railway station, a student and resident of Aggar Nagar, Ruchika Jain said, ''There was no place to sit at the platform. Earlier, weather was cooler and it wasn't so difficult to wait, but now the scorching heat made it worse. Action should be taken against protesters for giving commuters a tough time.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12527131", "title": "1,000 Pipe-Bursts Reported Each Year", "text": "It's that time of the year when complaints of water contamination increase. Calls to the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) and online queries show a steady rise in water contamination cases. An analysis of the last three months' data, obtained by TOI, suggests that the island city is the worst hit with 81 cases; the western suburbs reported 60 complaints, while the eastern suburbs had 26.Of the 167 complaints received in three months, the civic body has attended to 114, leaving 53 unattended to as of March 31. C ward (including Kalbadevi, Marine Lines, Mumbadevi, Kumbharwada, Bhuleshwar, Dhobi Talao and Fanaswadi) reported the most complaints (23). No complaints were received from T ward (Mulund), where the BMC tried out a 24x7 water supply pilot project.K-west (Andheri-west , Juhu, Versova , Jogeshwari) had 19 complaints,topping the chart in the western suburbs . The maximum complaints (10) in the eastern suburbs were from M-west (Chembur, Tilak Nagar, Govandi, Mankhurd). A hydraulic department official said a primary reason for contamination in this ward was several illegal water connections.BMC has a tough time maintaining the 4,000-km pipeline network which has been constantly under pressure from a burgeoning population and careless infrastructural work carried out by government agencies. The civic budget has made provisions to increase water sample collection to tackle the situation. The laboratory at G-North ward is being upgraded to test 1,000 samples per day and the laboratory at the Bhandup complex 250 per day.Rajiv Jalota, additional municipal commissioner, told TOI, \"Overall water contamination in the city is far lower . Our concern is not the source but the distribution network where contamination takes place. We need to overhaul the distribution system, work for which has begun. The leak detection programme with the usage of helium will help tackle contamination.\" Several steps like improving field investigation are being taken up the hydraulic department. Ward officials will be equipped with chlorinometers to check levels of chlorine, a hydraulic department official said.\"Mumbai has a network of corroding pipelines and when they burst, waste from sewage lines enters the water supply, leading to contamination. Roughly 1,000 pipe-bursts are reported (each year),\" a civic official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12526491", "title": "Officers' body poll", "text": "KOLKATA: West Bengal Disaster Management Officers' Association elected Pradip Duttagupta as the president of their association, while Asok Kumar Das was elected the general secretary during the 32 biennial state conference for 2012-2014. Mrittunjoy Haldar and Sanjoy Bhowmick were elected vice-presidents. The conference was held at Moulai Yuva Kendra last week. TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12526147", "title": "US, UK evince interest in Bihar growth story", "text": "PATNA: With the Nitish-led NDA government firmly in the saddle in the state, with not even an iota of political instability, world powers have started taking keen interest in Bihar's progress and exploring opportunities for possible investment.In the past less than 12 hours, highly-placed representatives of the US and the UK called on the chief minister and praised him for the positive developments in the state.US undersecretary of state for political affairs Wendy Sherman met Kumar here on Tuesday and said, \"Bihar has emerged as an inspiring model of positive change and good governance.\" On Monday evening, in New Delhi, British Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne , called on the chief minister at Bihar Niwas and expressed deep interest in the growth story of Bihar. He also explored the investment opportunities available to British companies in the state.The one-day visit of Sherman to the state capital is seen as the US' appreciation of Bihar's growth and success story, about which it received information through various sources. The extensive coverage of the changing face of Bihar by the world's top magazines also drew the attention of world powers towards Bihar, which they once saw as a caste-riddled, lawless and poor Indian state.Sherman, on her maiden India visit, called on Bihar governor Devanand Konwar and also attended a meeting with some entrepreneurs, analysts, community leaders, NGO activists and state officials to discuss trends in development and governance throughout the state as well as the challenges they face in accomplishing their goals.During her meeting with Kumar and earlier in an interactive session, Sherman, who was accompanied by US embassy Charge d'affairs A Peter Burleigh, said, \"Bihar is on the move. Its entrepreneurs, innovators and NGOs embody the spirit of Bihar. Bihari society in general and youth in particular, appear eager to create new opportunities for economic growth and development.\"\"International players also want to play and fill gaps in Bihar,\" said social scientist Shaibal Gupta, who also attended the interactive meeting with Sherman. In the long term, these players see the extent of provincial political stability and growth of market, he added.In Delhi, on Monday, Chancellor Osborne, during his meeting with Kumar, wanted to explore investment opportunities available to British companies for participation in the growth story of Bihar. The CM informed him that huge investment opportunities were available in power sector, provision of professional education like engineering, management, law and skill development as well as agro-based industries.The CM told Osborne that though there has been good growth in the state despite handicaps, there is a huge development deficit. \"Bihar has benefited from the participation of Department for International Development ( DFID ) in the development process and it requires continued engagement of all development partners,\" Kumar said.The CM explained to both the foreign dignitaries about the turnaround of Bihar, saying he emphasized good governance including enforcement of rule of law, transparency in functioning of the government, investment in infrastructure, and strengthening delivery of public services like health and education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12526032", "title": "Child marriages least likely in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Women in Delhi are least likely to get married before reaching the age of 18 while those in Jharkhand are most likely.India's Capital recorded the lowest percentage of women (0.5%) who got married before 18 years of age in 2010 followed by Haryana (0.7%) and Jammu &amp; Kashmir (0.9%), according to the Registrar General of India's latest Sample Registration System (SRS) survey, submitted to the Union health ministry on Saturday.Jharkhand recorded the highest percentage of women (13%) who got married before the legal age of marriage followed by Rajasthan (10.1), West Bengal (8.2%).An average woman in India in 2010 got married at 21 years of age. The percentage of women who got married before the age of 18 was nearly three times higher in rural India (6%) compared to urban (2.4%). Interestingly, there has been a 61% decline in the percentage of women getting married before 18 years of age between 2001-2010 (12.7% to 5%). In 2001, nearly eight states recorded under 18 marriage to the tune of 10% and above. In comparison, in 2010, only two states recorded such high rates of under-18 marriage - Jharkhand and Rajasthan.Some states have witnessed a drastic dip in under-18 marriage - Andhra Pradesh from 12.7% in 2001 to 4% in 2010, Assam (11.7% to 3.4%), Karnataka (15.8% to 3.6%), Madhya Pradesh (25.3% to 4%) and West Bengal (18.2% to 8.2%).Some larger states recorded a minor dip - Maharashtra (6.4% in 2001 to 4% in 2010), UP (8.4% to 5.4%) and Kerala (3.5 to 2.2).Percentage of females marrying at 21 and above is 48.8 nationally and varies from 36.7 in Rajasthan to 81.7 in Jammu &amp; Kashmir.More than half of the rural females in India married between 18 and 20 years of age compared to about one-third in urban areas.One of the biggest problems with early marriage is that it leads to early childbirth. The State of the World's Children report 2012 released by Unicef recently said almost 22% women in India, who are now aged between 20 and 24 years gave birth to a child before they turned 18.According to Unicef, more than 40% of the world's child marriages still occur in India. Worldwide, more than 60 million women between 20 and 24 years were married before they turned 18.\"Child brides become mothers much before their bodies are physically mature,\" Unicef said.The issue was also taken up recently by the World Health Organization last month in Geneva. WHO said half the girls in early marriage live in south-east Asia.According to the Union health ministry's Family Welfare Statistics 2011, for every woman aged below 18 getting married in urban centres, three women are doing so in rural areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12526055", "title": "CPM does an Anna, to take Satyagraha route", "text": "KOCHI: You might not exactly see Pinarayi Vijayan or Kodiyeri Balakrishnan in starched kurtas and Gandhi caps, but with violent agitations alienating it from the masses, the CPM is seeking forms of protest that it had so far scorned. The organisation's 20th party congress, beginning on Wednesday, is expected to endorse this change in direction.Acting on it, CPM state secretary Pinarayi will soon conduct Satyagraha in various parts of the state to draw attention to issues facing marginalised sections of society. Many of the issues the party and its feeder organisations took up recently, including the agitation against raising the retirement age of government employees, had failed to attract the masses due to its violent nature.Frequent political violence in Kannur has also affected the party's attempts to increase its mass base. This is what prompted the party towards a paradigm shift in the mode of agitation. \"Of course, democratic mode of agitations will attract the masses. However, democratic mode of agitations like Satyagraha are not new to a party like CPM,\" said K N Panikkar, historian and CPM fellow traveller.The Satyagraha route is also a strategy for Pinarayi to reinvent himself as a popular leader. He had taken out the Kerala mochana yatra prior to the Assembly elections in 2006, but kept away from such endeavours after he was implicated in the SNC Lavalin case.In his upcoming campaign, Pinarayi will focus on below poverty line (BPL) category of the population. \"Many of the APL card holders in the state are entitled to be in BPL. But the norms set by the Union government have kept them out of it. Moreover, food items supplied through the public distribution system, especially the rice given at Re 1 a kg, are substandard. The party will be organising peaceful modes of agitation like Satyagraha on such issues,\" a top CPM leader, who requested anonymity, said.Besides the BPL issue, the party secretary will be agitating on large-scale encroachment of forest land and illegal quarries. It will be the 'green' signal to the party's new avatar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12525446", "title": "Activists drum up support for pension stir", "text": "MUMBAI: Leading social organizations will stage a protest outside Parliament from May 7 to May 11 to demand pension for workers in the unorganized sector.The agitation will be spearheaded by National Advisory Council member Aruna Roy, economist Jean Dreze and social activist Baba Adhav. The activists were in the city on Tuesday to mobilize support for the movement titled 'Pension Parishad'. Pointing out that over 93% of the country's workforce is unorganized, Roy said they contributed significantly to the GDP but were deprived of any benefits.\"They ought to get social security cover particularly in this age of rising prices,\" she said.Activists rued that the existing social security legislation-Unorganized Workers' Social Security Act 2008-was inadequate.\"Moreover, the act has not been notified in many states including Maharashtra. Boards that were to be formed to identify informal workers have not been set up,\" said Adhav. Goa and Haryana are the only states that have introduced universal pension for senior citizens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
{"city": "mahuva (bhavnagar)", "code": "12525313", "title": "Ram dhun to resonate in Karbala!", "text": "MAHUVA (BHAVNAGAR): The holy Muslim city of Karbala will witness a Ram katha! Renowned religious preacher Morari Bapu plans to hold a Ram katha at a hotel near Imam Hussein shrine in the Iraqi city.The Ram kathakar has also got necessary clearances for holding discourses in Jerusalem in Israel from May 1-9 and in Nagasaki from August 4-12 - the katha will coincide with the anniversary of the atomic bombing of the Japanese city, on August 9.Bapu, who has done about 710 Ram kathas across the globe - from Australia to US - is still awaiting final clearances from the government of Iraq .Bapu was among the first Hindu religious leaders who led a peace march through riot-torn areas in Ahmedabad during the peak of communal violence in 2002. A decade later, he is taking peace message from Gujarat to the war-torn Karbala.\"The idea is to bring different religions on a common platform. Ram katha in Karbala will spread the message of peace,\" Morari Bapu told TOI. \"There will be no updesh (sermon) but only sandesh (message) from the vyaspith.\"A delegation comprising Muslim religious leaders from India is likely to accompany him to Iraq. \"Many who believe in peace will accompany us,\" said Bapu, adding he was confident of getting the clearances from Iraq.A number of Indians settled abroad will attend the discourse at the Old City of Jerusalem, which is an important religious place for Jews, Muslims and Christians. It is home to the Western Wall for Jews, the Church of Holy Sepulchre for Christians and the al-Aqsa mosque for Muslims.Morari Bapu has been championing the cause of peace for decades. He had organised a religious conference in Mahuva in January 2009, which brought together leaders of various religions. The conference titled Dharmasanwad had speakers from Jain, Hindu, Sikh, Christian and Muslim communities.\"The world is asking for the fifth Yuga (fifth age) - the age of love. My Ram katha at Karbala will talk about truth, love and compassion,\" said Bapu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-04"}
