{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12988160", "title": "Kakkar murder case: Police have 'strong proof'", "text": "MUMBAI: The police have recovered most of the body parts of aspiring film producer Karankumar Kakkar, except for his legs, from the Kumbharli ghat in Chiplun. Legal experts said the recovery of evidence on the basis of a criminal's confession is considered to be enough for a water-tight case.The key Oshiwara murder accused, Vijay Palande, and his accomplice, Dhananjay Shinde, had confessed to the police that they had killed Kakkar at his apartment at Oberoi Springs near Link Road Andheri (W) on March 5. The accused had chopped Kakkar's body into pieces and dumped them at the Kumbharli ghat. They then used Kakkar's BMW car to transport the body parts, the police had said.A month later, on April 7, Palande told his two men to kill New Delhi businessman Arunkumar Tikku at his Oshiwara apartment. But when a society resident saw the accused commit the crime, they fled, leaving Tikku's body behind. The police managed to arrest them along with Palande in the case on April 10. During interrogation, the accused confessed to their involvement in the Kakkar case.The police team took Palande to the ghat where he showed them the spot he had dumped Kakkar's body parts. The police recovered the body parts in the presence of witnesses.An advocate said, \"When disclosure of the accused converts into recovery, it becomes strong evidence in the case. It's admissible evidence before court under Section 27 of The Indian Evidence Act.\"The police visited the ghat twice along with Palande; they first recovered Kakkar's skull and then his torso. The police said that they found the body parts at the same spot where Palande had threw them. The officials stated that they were awaiting the forensic report to confirm the recovered body parts were Kakkar's.The accused had chopped Kakkar's body into parts, the police said, and added that they had wrapped the legs into another bag and threw it along the ghats. \"The accused are yet to tell us where they dumped Kakkar's legs,\" an officer said.Police teams have travelled to Chiplun and Pune to connect the chain of events in the case. Palande had visited his sister's house at Shirgaon in Chiplun after dumping the parts and then left for Pune. He had parked his vehicle at a friend's residence in Pune, before returning to Mumbai along with Dhananjay Shinde.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12987252", "title": "Incidence of measles at 68% of suspected cases: Study", "text": "PUNE: For every 100 patients with fever and rash and also either having runny nose or red eyes, 68 could be due to measles infection.A case-based surveillance carried out by the Pune unit of the World Health Organisation , along with the National Institute of Virology (NIV), between 2009 and 2011 has found that lab confirmed measles incidence is 68% of the suspected cases.The finding assumes significance since most of the measles infection cases remain under-reported as the disease is usually self-limiting.The survey picked up 748 blood samples of suspected patients in all age groups, in which 509 samples tested positive for measles at NIV laboratory.\"We carried out case-based surveillance of measles to find out the current burden of the disease in the community. Since this was the first time that an active case-based surveillance of measles was carried out in the country, we do not have any comparative data to suggest whether the incidence is high or low,\" APS Narula, WHO's surveillance medical officer, told TOI on Thursday.Under the surveillance system, every case of suspected measles is confirmed by blood test. Three talukas in Pune district - Khed, Shirur and Haveli - were identified as the sites for carrying out the surveillance.\"We used the reporting network of Acute Flaccid Paralysis surveillance of polio, involving doctors, paramedical workers and community health workers like Aganwadi workers, for reporting the suspected cases of measles from these areas,\" Narula said. \"Whenever we used to get reports of suspected measles cases from these people, we used to visit the places for collection of blood samples of suspected patients,\" he added.Any person in whom a clinician suspects measles infection, or any person with fever and maculopapular rash (non-vesicular) and cough, coryza (runny nose) or conjunctivitis (i.e. red eyes)\"If the person had only fever and rash and there was no cough, runny nose or red eyes that case was not taken up for investigation,\" Narula said.As many as 1,012 patients of all age group were clinically examined for measles during the surveillance. \"Among them, blood samples of 748 suspected patients were sent for testing to NIV. A total of 509 samples tested positive, accounting 68% incidence of measles in suspected patients,\" Narula said.Despite achieving and sustaining measles vaccination coverage of about 80% over the past decade, worldwide measles remains the fifth leading cause of mortality among children aged less than five years.\"Usually, children do not die of measles per say. The complications arising out of measles infection, such as respiratory tract infection (brocho-penumonia) and gastrointestine tract infection, cause death. However, when a child gets broncho-pneumonia and diarrhoeal disease it does not get linked to measles infection. Hence measles as cause of death does not get reflected,\" Narula said.According to a study published in the British medical journal 'Lancet', nearly half of all deaths due to measles globally in 2010 occurred in India. Maharashtra recorded 12,718 cases of measles between 2001 and February 2012.The figures with the state health department show that there has been considerable surge in the number of children contracting measles since last year. As many as 1,023 cases of measles were reported from April 2011 to February 2012. However, the authorities say more cases are now being detected and reported due to stepped-up surveillance.Measles is preventable with vaccine and a child is eligible for the vaccine once they attain nine months of age. The second dose is given between 16 months and 18 months of age. Measles is one of the diseases earmarked for elimination worldwide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "12989344", "title": "CBI begins monitoring activities of gypsies", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: The CBI, which investigated the sensational 7-year-old Rahul missing case, has started monitoring the activities of wandering gypsies following a gypsy woman trying to abduct a child from Thrikkunnappuzha in Haripad on Wednesday.Muthulakshmi, a 40-year-old woman from Tamil Nadu, tried to abduct a two-year-old girl, Thasni, daughter of Basheer and Mumthas.\"Thasni was playing in front of our house around 11am on Wednesday. Muthulakshmi, who had been visiting our home once a week for the past one month, reached our home at that time. Later, I found that my child was missing, and I didn't find Muthulakshmi anywhere near. Following this, I ran out and saw her with my child about 150 metres away from my house,\" Mumthas said.Later, a police team led by sub-inspector V R Jagatheesh arrested Muthulakshmi, and the Haripad judicial first class magistrate court remanded her in judicial custody.Jagatheesh told TOI that CBI officials from Chennai telephoned them on Thursday and sought details of Muthulakshmi and other gypsies wandering in and around Thrikkunnappuzha police station limits.\"We have already provided the details demanded by the CBI. They told us that we should inform them if we get any evidence about some child abduction racket behind Muthulakshmi,\" the sub-inspector said.\"We will seek police custody of Muthulakshmi to check whether she has any connection with some child abduction racket,\" he said.Kayamkulam DySP S Devamanohar told TOI that gypsies in the district were now under the scanner. \"At present, we don't have any details. However, on Thursday, we began monitoring their activities,\" the DySP said.It was on May 18, 2005 that Rahul, son of Mini and Raju, went missing. He was playing cricket with his friends near his house in Ashramam ward in Alappuzha town. The CBI took over the inquiry of the Rahul missing case on June 14, 2005 after the local police and the Crime Branch failed to trace him. However, the CBI too has not been able to make any headway in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12988079", "title": "Company fined for denying piped gas despite payment", "text": "MUMBAI: A consumer forum on Wednesday ordered Mahanagar Gas Ltd to pay Rs 11,500 as compensation to the son of a woman who had sought a piped gas connection in 2001, but died in 2003, before the connection could reach her home. The forum held the company guilty of unfair trade practice and deficiency of service for failing to supply the connection as promised.The company will now have to give a refund of Rs 6,500 to Bandra (West) resident Sudhir Gudal, who is the legal representative of the original subscriber, Kamal Gudal. Sudhir will also get an interest of 9% on the amount, which is to be calculated from February 27, 2001-the date of the first payment-and Rs 5,000 as the cost of proceedings.In 2001, the company had published an advertisement inviting customers to avail of its piped natural gas (PNG) facility, promising the availability of on-tap gas 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. Influenced by the ad, Kamal applied for a connection on February 27, 2001. She paid Rs 6,500 in two instalments. The company then installed a pipe and a meter at her residence. But despite repeated reminders, it failed to supply PNG. It then assured Kamal a refund, which did not materialize.The woman died on August 26, 2003. Alleging deficiency in service, her son filed a complaint in the Mumbai District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum on March 26, 2009.The company in its defence admitted that Kamal had deposited the requisite charges and also submitted a form. But, it said, it did not convert the connection in her son's name as he did not make an application after Kamal's death. The company said that despite reminders, Sudhir did not rectify the situation, because of which it could not supply PNG to the Gudal residence.The company put the blame on Sudhir and his family, denying deficiency in service.The forum noted that on February 29, 2008, the company had written a letter to Sudhir, informing him about the refund and saying it was collecting more information and would revert to him shortly. \"Be it noted that this letter is silent about the requirement of filling any form or changing the name of the original customer,\" the forum said. It took into consideration notices sent by Sudhir to the company in June and September 2008. The forum said that even at that time the company did not inform him about rectifying the record. Stating that the company was guilty of deficiency in service, the forum said, \"Thus, the stand taken by the opposite party (the company) regarding the termination of contract does not find place in any of the correspondence. There is no substance in the stand taken by the opposite party.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12989527", "title": "Scientists now working to improve air defence system", "text": "HYDERABAD: Indian defence scientists are developing an air defence system that can intercept ballistic missiles up to a range of 5,000km. The country has demonstrated its ability to develop long-range missiles, now it is working on an air defence system that should be able to neutralize threats arising out of an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) directed at it.India already has an air defence system which can intercept missiles of 2,000km range but the focus has shifted to dealing with ballistic missiles of longer range.\"We are working on it. If we now have an Agni-V for deterrence, we should also have an air defence system that shields us against ballistic missiles. Work on developing such a system has already begun,\" Avinash Chander, Distinguished Scientist and Chief Controller, R&D; (missiles and strategic systems), Defence Research and Development Organisation ( DRDO), told TOI.When a ballistic missile is directed at India, the country's air defence system will get activated automatically. Once detected, the incoming missile will first be tracked. According to Chander, the incoming missile would thereafter be destroyed by use of any one of the tactical missiles which are already a part of the country's arsenal. \"All of this would happen automatically and it is precision that matters most,\" Chander said.Depending on the speed of the incoming missile, its direction and trajectory, the most appropriate tactical missile would be used to counter it, Chander said.It may be mentioned that India has successfully test fired its 5,000km range ICBM on April 19. While that would probably deter the enemy from getting into any sort of misadventure with India, the air defence system will be India's bulwark against any ballistic missiles that are fired at it.According to defence scientists, countries like the United States, China, and Russia have also been developing similar air defence systems with the various projects being in their testing phase. While the results of these tests are not available for analysis, Indian defence scientists are going ahead with their objective of protecting the country from any incoming ballistic missiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12988267", "title": "'Road safety' for people to have better commuting", "text": "ALLAHABAD: When it comes to educating road users about the importance of road safety norms, the city traffic policemen seem to be working hard to visualize the concept of \"road safety\" among commuters.The traffic policemen are now involving people in road safety issues and other important matters.The cops apart from punishing road violators on spot have been asking youngsters to know the importance of road safety.Shashank, who was caught by traffic cops for not wearing helmet near Rana Pratap Crossing, was asked by traffic policemen to list at least three disadvantages if one was not wearing helmet while driving his/her two wheeler.Shashank was amazed to listen the questions being asked by the cops that he instead of being challaned, is being advised to wear helmet in all circumstances.Undoubtedly, Shashank admitted his fault for not wearing helmet but assured cops that he would never be violating the norms.While traffic police department has been seeking suggestions from masses to improve traffic scenario of the city, they have been more stressing on the issue of road safety after acknowledging that over 400 persons die every year in road mishaps in the region.A traffic sub-inspector assigned for vehicular checking told TOI \"apart from taking action against violators, its also our duty to realize commuters about advantages of road safety norms especially youngsters who violate traffic rules in compared to others\".He added that \"once traffic cops question them, they have no answer and are convinced that violating of road safety norms can cause fatal and non-fatal category mishaps anytime\".Traffic inspector further said \"we have been promoting road safety norms among commuters'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12989598", "title": "Making a striking impact", "text": "LUDHIANA: Wearing trendy jewellery is an integral part of fashion these days. And breaking away from the conventional heavy jewellery, women in Ludhiana, are now collecting light yet classy stone jewellery. These, they believe, are must for getting that glamourous look and making a striking impact.Adorned with colourful stones and beads, designers in city too are churning out newer and more creative designs to attract customers. Thanks to the ever increasing gold rates, it has fast found acceptance in the hearts of millions of women with the reasonable pricing.Manoj Dhanda, general secretary of Ludhiana Jewellery Association, said, \"With the huge variety available in market, these can be made to match every kind of dress - traditional or western.'' He adds, \"Stones are used in all polki, jadau and diamond jewellery. Stone jewellery is available at reasonable prices. The designs can also be customised according to customers' needs.''35-year-old Prabhjot Singh Dhillon, who deals in stones and gems, said, \"Stone jewellery can be both, expensive and economical. Precious stones make it expensive while semi-precious can cut the cost.'' He adds, \"Pearl is most preferred by women and is in huge demand. Other stones which are mostly used include Ruby, Emerald, Onyx and Sapphire.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12989532", "title": "Draw of lots for Haj on May 14", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Kerala State Haj Committee will conduct the draw of lots to select pilgrims for Haj 2012 at 10am on May 14. There are 49,377 applicants from the state against the available government quota of around 7,000.State minister for Haj affairs P K Kunhalikutty will inaugurate the draw of lots at the Haj House in Karipur.The meeting of the committee held at the Haj House on Thursday, has decided that reserved category-A pilgrims comprising those who have crossed 70 years of age and a companion, would be selected directly.The chances of applicants in the general category getting selected for the pilgrimage are very less as the number of applicants from the reserved category alone exceeds the state's Haj quota.The meeting has decided that applicants belonging to reserved category-B, including those who have unsuccessfully applied for the pilgrimage in the last three years, would be selected by draw of lots. There are around 3,904 applicants under the reserved category-A, while there are 4,986 in the reserved category-B.Kerala State Haj Committee chairman P T A Rahim MLA said the committee would urge the Centre to increase the Haj quota for Kerala as the state had the highest number of applicants in the country.He said the current practice of fixing Haj quota for states on the basis of Muslim population adversely affected the applicants as the chances of getting selected in the general category was very low. The state committee has asked the Centre to allot the Haj quota on the basis of the number of applications received by states.He said the committee had also decided to urge the Centre to include grandsons among those eligible to accompany pilgrims who are above 70 years of age.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12989491", "title": "Pollen in air triggers asthma", "text": "LUDHIANA: Wheat harvesting operations and increased pollen grains in the air have led to a spurt in number of asthma patients visiting specialists in various city hospitals.\"From April to mid June, we get many asthma patients in our hospital. The high pollen content in air and wheat dust are the main allergens triggering the allergy. Smoke generated by the burning of wheat straw also aggravates the problem for asthma patients and causes suffocation. At present, we are receiving 20% to 25% more cases of asthma than during other days of year,\" said Akhashdeep Singh, assistant professor in department of pulmonary medicine at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH).Expressing similar views, Gurpreet Singh, consultant in pulmonary medicine at SPS Apollo, added, \"The patients includes adolescents, middle-aged persons and also elderly. However, the elderly suffer from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)a?\u00a6. The new onset of asthma is mostly in younger age group. I prescribe inhaled pro-spasmodilators, inhaled steroids and systemic steroids. However, in case of elderly patients with diabetes and heart problems, we prescribe systemic inhalators with great caution.\" Jagdeep Whig, former vice principal of DMCH and leading pulmonary medicine specialist of the city claims to attending to 25-30 patients daily.\"I advise my patients regular use of medicine and timely consultation during this season, as the prevalence of asthma is more when the season changes -- especially in April-June and September-October,\" he said.Advising caution, Vikas Loomba, general physician at Christian Medical College and Hospital, says, \"The allergy is not gender specific and occurs in male and female almost equally.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12989895", "title": "Veterinary services in state suffer as doctors prefer to fly abroad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Veterinary services in the state are severely crippled by acute shortage of doctors. The state has an estimated animal population of three crores, but has only 1,750 veterinary doctors as against the requirement of at least 4,000 trained professionals. Veterinary graduates are shying away from government service due to poor pay scales and looking for lucrative opportunities abroad.Animal activists say that national agricultural commission recommends one veterinary doctor for every 4,000 animals. But the state has fallen much behind the required number of doctors due to shortage of seats in veterinary colleges, poor pay scales in the government services and brain drain. \"Many of them are going abroad as they can earn at least Rs 5 lakh a month to begin with. This pay goes up to Rs 50 lakh if they earn a name for themselves. A government job here pays us Rs 30,000. That explains why 40% of vets go abroad,\" Madireddy Pravin, twin cities veterinary doctors' association president, told TOI.With countries like America, Canada, New Zealand, Australia and Denmark opening up the gates for Indian veterinary doctors, it has become a win-win situation, experts say. Doctors work there as dairy experts and have a plethora of opportunities in top research institutes. \"Private practitioners who treat pet animals are doing well in urban areas like Hyderabad, Vijayawada and Vizag. They earn a minimum of Rs 50,000 a month,\" Satla Venkat of AP veterinary assistant surgeons' association pointed out.Experts say there is a clear mismatch between the demand and supply of veterinarians. With an intake of 290 students for each college, as many as 1,500 students are admitted to the four-year bachelor of veterinary science and animal husbandry course in five veterinary colleges in the state. Another 90 to 120 students complete their post-graduation course from two PG colleges.At present there are five veterinary degree colleges at Tirupati, Rajendranagar, Gannavaram near Vijayawada, Proddatur (Kadapa) and Korutla (Karimnagar), while Tirupati and Gannavaram are also centres for PG courses. All these colleges operate under the guidelines of Veterinary Council of India. Andhra Pradesh Veterinary Council dean Chandra Sekhar told TOI that there were no private colleges in the country except one in Rajasthan in spite of huge demand.Gnaneswararao, deputy director, animal husbandry, said they were making efforts to see that at least one doctor is posted in each mandal to overcome the shortage of veterinary professionals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12988059", "title": "DLF starts shuttle bus service for Phase V residents", "text": "GURGAON: DLF has launched an air-conditioned shuttle bus service for residents of Phase V. Inaugurating the service, Bharti Arora, DCP (traffic) asked residents to avail themselves of the bus service to reduce traffic chaos on the roads.Two buses will ply on two routes, connecting all residential buildings in Phase V to South Point mall. Each bus has a capacity of 20 people. Offered free of charge to the residents of DLF Phase V, the shuttle service will operate at a frequency of 20 minutes. A detailed route map has been provided to residents for this. The service will be available from 11am to 8pm.Most residents said that to reduce their dependence on autos, the service should be extended till MG Road and HUDA City Centre Metro station. The residents said they are not averse to paying a fee for the increased connectivity to Metro.DLF said the service will be expanded in a phased manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12988757", "title": "Small powerloom owners down shutters to protest discrimination", "text": "COIMBATORE: Over 25,000 job-working powerloom units in Coimbatore and Tirupur districts were shut on Thursday as loom owners began an indefinite strike accusing the Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation (TANGEDCO), a state-run power utility, of discriminating against them.The power distribution agency had disconnected power supply to several units in both the districts on Wednesday as they had not paid the consumption charges for recent months as part of protests against the unannounced hike in power tariff. These are small units that undertake work outsourced by the larger textile units.Power supply to 100 powerloom units in Somanur, Karumathampatti and Sulur in Coimbatore district were disconnected on Wednesday.The loom owners had accused the corporation of imposing huge bills on them amidst scheduled and unscheduled power cuts. The strike was total in key weaving centres including Sulur, Somanur, Tirupur, Avinashi, Palladam and Thekkalur. Around two lakh units participated in the strike.According to P Kumarasamy, secretary of the Coimbatore District Job Working Powerloom Units Owners' Association, the weavers had sought a reduction in power tariff for powerlooms.\"Despite offers from the authorities to do so, nothing came into effect. The power bills are huge and they are crippling the sector,'' he said. \"If the government is not coming out with a concessional tariff for power for us and prepare a bailout package, we will continue with the strike,'' he added.Unit owners had previously said they would not pay the consumption charges as a mark of protest against the revised tariff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12992628", "title": "Big B at KBC promo", "text": "On Thursday Amitabh Bachchan shot a promo picture for the next edition of KBC with photographer Avinash Gowarikar.He even put up one of the picture on his microblogging account, and said, \"The KBC promo still shoot with Avinash Gowarikar .. a great talent and such fun to be with...\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12989762", "title": "Portion of upgraded expressway will open on May 15: Mysore Urban Development Authority", "text": "MYSORE: The Outer Ring Road (ORR), which is being upgraded into a six-lane one, will be completed by July. Mysore Urban Development Authority (Muda), which is implementing the Rs 347-crore project, on Thursday said a part of the upgraded expressway will be opened on May 15.Muda chairman L Nagendra said chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda will inaugurate the expressway. A team led by Nagendra inspected the works, which includes construction of the service road. The 32-km stretch of the ORR was completed five years ago, which is now being upgraded for six lanes. Initially, the project cost was put at Rs 239 crore, which has now shot up to Rs 347 crore, and it includes building of service lane on both ends. The Centre has released the third installment and the remaining will be extended after the completion of the works, Nagendra said after the inspection.The urban body, which has allotted the works in four packages, is expecting one of the packages to be completed this week. The 7-km stretch between Bangalore Road junction to Bharath Cancer Hospital is being developed at a cost of Rs 49.90 crore, and it will be ready by June-end. The works on the 8-km stretch between the hospital and Dattagalli costs Rs 54 crore, and will be ready by May-end. The works on the stretch between Dattagalli to Nanjangud Road junction (which is 7 km) is lagging behind -- some 50% of the works are only through.The CM will inaugurate the 7.49-km stretch between Bangalore Road junction and Bannur Road junction, on which Rs 45 crore has been invested.Muda commissioner C G Betsurmath said rainwater will be drained from the road as they have provided vents along it to make the expressway durable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12989468", "title": "It's getting hotter in Ludhiana", "text": "LUDHIANA: After remaining turbulent for many days, the weather seems to have finally stabilized, with the temperature recording a gradual increase with each passing day.Kulwinder Kaur Gill, associate agro-meteorologist at Punjab Agricultural University, says, \"The La Nina effect and western disturbances kept the conditions turbulent during most part of April. But now, the western disturbances have moved towards the east and so, the weather is likely to remain clear during the next few days. And as it will remain dry, there is a likelihood that mercury will rise gradually in the next few days.''Meanwhile, residents have started bracing themselves up for warmer conditions. Kuldeep Singh, a businessman and resident of Model Town, says, \"In April whenever the temperature rose, drizzle or windstorm brought it down. But for the last few days, the mercury is only showing an upward march. I think it is time to get my air conditioners serviced.''Aarushi Gupta, a student of Class X at BCM School, Shastri Nagar, and resident of Pakhowal Road, says, \"As it was hot on Thursday, my friend Neha Sharma and I decided to beat the heat with ice creams. And so, we went to an ice cream parlour in Sarabha Nagar and had three frozen desserts of butter scotch, chocolate and orange flavours.'' Sonia Verma of Rajguru Nagar, says, \"Summer has finally arrived. Unlike previous weeks, it is getting hotter day by day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12988473", "title": "All Jharkhand Students Union blow to BJP, Ahluwalia out of Rajya Sabha", "text": "RANCHI: BJP nominee S S Ahluwalia on Thursday lost in the Rajya Sabha bypoll, with Congress candidate Pradeep Balmuchu coasting to a smooth victory because of help from RJD strongman Lalu Prasad and the indifference of Arjun Munda , BJP chief minister of Jharkhand.Sanjeev Kumar, belonging to BJP's ally Jharkhand Mukti Morcha , was the other winner in an outcome which was celebrated by many in Congress as much because of Balmuchu's win as for the defeat of Ahluwalia whom they held responsible for the gridlock in the Upper House, holding up passage of key bills.Although Congress has only 13 members in the Jharkhand assembly, Balmuchu notched a tally of 25, with Lalu working on Independents, besides delivering five votes of RJD.Sanjeev Kumar got 23 votes, with All Jharkhand Students Union (AJSU), a constituent of the BJP-led coalition with five votes, preferring JMM over the BJP in a last-minute surprise which dashed Ahluwalia's hopes of holding on to his position as the deputy leader in Rajya Sabha and marked a setback to those who insisted on fielding him despite Munda's reservations. JMM, which has 18 MLAs, the same as BJP, had threatened to pull out of the government in the event of Sanjeev Kumar's loss.JMM leaders left little doubt that they meant business, leading Munda, a resourceful politician known for his links across the political spectrum and, more crucially, with Independents, not to proactively try to marshal support from outside for Ahluwalia.As a consequence, Ahluwalia had to rest content with the votes of only his own party (18) and JD-U (2). Even the two Independents, Chamra Linda and Bidesh Singh, who support the Munda government, are reported to have supported Balmuchu. Lalu called up Bidesh Singh to thank him profusely.The result left Ahluwalia stunned. The senior MP, who had entered the fray after having been assured by the leadership that he would romp home, lashed out at Congress for engineering his defeat through defections.\"I have been a member of the Upper House of Parliament for 24 years and decided to contest the election only after local BJP leaders showed me a list of 45 MLAs. The local leaders were sure that with 45 MLAs in favour, I will win the election along with the JMM candidate. At the last moment, the Congress leaders indulged in horse trading and won over independent MLAs,\" he said.Although the poll had strained ties with JMM, BJP's estimate was that the victory of its nominee would help mollify Shibu Soren. Deputy chief minister and Soren's son Hemant criticized the BJP for its inability to keep a cohesive alliance. \"We wanted a consensus candidate for the ruling alliance and had even requested the BJP to support our nominee which it did when the March 30 Rajya Sabha election was countermanded but this time it gave ticket to Ahluwalia. It is the BJP which has to be blamed and no other party,\" said Hemant, while thanking the AJSU for supporting the JMM candidate.Hemant said the final call on the alliance would be taken by his father.Despite the embarrassment of defeat, BJP is unlikely to dislodge Munda. Many in the government appeared to appreciate his constraint, and the fact that he could not have risked the government for Ahluwalia's sake.The Rajya Sabha election, originally scheduled for March 30, was countermanded after Rs 2.15 crore was seized from an aide of independent candidate R K Agarwal just hours before polling started. The allegation of horse trading is being investigated by the CBI on the directive of Jharkhand High Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12987619", "title": "BCCI chief's son held for brawl, gets bail", "text": "MUMBAI: BCCI chief N Srinivasan's son Ashwin got into a brawl after he was refused a drink during curfew hours in a Mumbai pub early Tuesday. He was arrested for punching and kicking a police constable. Later, he was produced in court and released on bail.Ashwin, 40, and his friend, Avi Mukharjee, 35, went to the pub on the fourth floor of a commercial building in Bandra (W). The bar stopped serving alcohol after 1.30am. However, Ashwin insisted the staff serve him, but bar employees refused. They requested him to pay the Rs 28,000 bill and leave.Ashwin and Avi argued with the staff, dropped names and allegedly abused them. Ashwin told the staff about his family and that he drove to the bar in a BMW. When he continued to press for liquor, the bar management informed the police.Around 2.15am, two policemen came to the bar, asked Ashwin to settle the bill and leave. Ashwin allegedly abused the policemen too. He kicked one of the constables and punched him on his face, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12994247", "title": "Petition against Sachin Tendulkar's nomination to RS before PIL bench", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on Friday directed to place a writ petition filed against iconic cricketer Sachin Tendulkar's nomination to the Rajya Sabha before the division bench dealing with PIL matters on May 7.The petition, filed by a local lawyer Ashok Pandey on May 2 had sought direction for quashing the recent nomination of Sachin Tendulkar to the Upper House.A division bench comprising justice Devi Prasad Singh and Justice Saeduzama Siddiqui passed this order today after the additional solicitor general Dr Ashok Nigam raised preliminary objections at the time of hearing that this petition is having the nature of Public Interest Litigation (PIL) hence it should be heard by such a bench.The petitioner in his petition has alleged that the nomination of Tendulkar was against the legal provisions and was in clear violation of the constitution.He has contended that Tendulkar's nomination as \"a renowned sportsman\" was in violation of the Article 80(3) of the constitution.As per the Article 80(3) the members to be nominated by the President shall consist of persons having special knowledge or practical experience in respect of matters namely literature, science, art and social service, he has stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12992560", "title": "Ajith\u2019s next to begin soon", "text": "When everyone is busy talking about Billa 2, actor Ajith has silently ventured to begin his next with director Vishnuvardhan. The two comes together after Billa.The movie will have music by Yuvan Shankar Raja and what's interesting is that Arya will play a prominent role in it.Meanwhile, asked about Billa 2, Ajith says, 'Being a prequel, Billa 2 looks at the life and journey of an ordinary man who metamorphoses into what we have come to know as David Billa.' I would like the audience to watch my film without any preconceived notions, influences or expectations. I am as eager to know from my audience what they think about the film after its release, says Ajith.Source: Cinesnacks.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12987842", "title": "HC modifies state govt\u2019s parole norms", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court has streamlined parole guidelines of the state government and struck down a certain section that made those convicted for some offences ineligible to get this relief.A division bench of the HC quashed a clause that made persons ineligible for furlough merely on the basis of the nature of crime committed by them. \"It would amount to snatching their right to at least consider their cases for grant of furlough,\" the bench observed.The HC was hearing a batch of petitions questioning the rationale behind excluding a certain class of offenders from being even considered for the relief that was available to other convicts, even those convicted of murder.The court agreed this differentiation can't withstand judicial scrutiny. It pointed out that a society that believes in the worth of the individuals can have the quality of its belief judged by the quality of its prisons and services and recourses made available to the prisoners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12987600", "title": "Techie gets epilepsy attack, dies on road", "text": "BANGALORE: A 28-year-old software engineer with Infosys died after he suffered an epileptic attack while riding a motorcycle near Mico Layout on Thursday morning.The deceased, Sharan Basappa Patil, native of Chincholi in Gulbarga, was riding back home to Mico Layout after night shift.Eyewitnesses said Sharan was keeping to the extreme left. He was near ECT hotel on Singasandra main road at 10.30am when he suffered the attack.\"We saw this bike slowing down and Sharan falling off it. He had a seizure and we gave him water to stop his convulsions. He vomited and began frothing, Soon after he lost consciousness and we alerted police,\" said a hotel employee to Electronics City traffic cops.Sharan was shifted to a private hospital where doctors declared him brought dead. The body was shifted to Victoria Hospital for autopsy.\"We have to wait for the autopsy report to discover the reason behind Sharan's sudden death. We suspect he died of an epileptic attack or a cardiac arrest,\" police said.Sharan is survived by parents, wife Kavitha Patil and a six-month-old son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12987531", "title": "Man shot in head by friend", "text": "MUMBAI: A 35-year-old Chembur man is fighting for life after his 27-year-old friend allegedly shot him in his head on May 1. The incident occurred around 11pm at Rafique Nagar near the Sahar airport in Saki Naka, said the police.The cops said the victim, Abdul Shaikh, had been kept on ventilator at Rajawadi Hospital after the bullet was removed from his head. Police are awaiting his recovery to learn the motive behind the attack.Meanwhile, the cops have booked Abu Rehabar under Section 307 of the IPC for attempt to murder. A team has been formed to nab him.During the preliminary investigation, the police learnt that the victim and the accused both are into the profession of selling chicken. \"The accused's arrest will give a precise picture the motive behind the attack. Through Shaikh's colleague residing at Sakinaka it has been learnt that he came to meet him to collect donation. When Rehabar met him and took him in his motorcycle,\" said Sakinaka police senior inspector SR Dhanedhar.The incident occurred between 11.30pm on May 1 and 12.10am on May2. Mohammed Khan, in his complaint, said, \"Shaikh was talking with me when Rehabar approached them. He took Shaikh along with informing that he has to talk something important. Few minutes later I learnt through locals that Shaikh is lying in a pool of blood at Rafique Nagar.\"Police received the tip-off about the incident on May1. However when the team reached the spot locals have already got the victim admitted in the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12992413", "title": "Team Anna did not dishonour national flag: Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court today dismissed a PIL seeking action against Anna Hazare and his team members for allegedly showing disrespect to the national flag during his agitation for the Lokpal Bill last year.A bench of justices B S Chauhan and J S Khehar rapped the petitioner, Chennai-resident L K Venkat for filing the PIL.The petitioner had alleged that during the agitation in December last year, the associates of Harare had shown disrespect to the national flag and the government had failed to take any action despite a complaint filed against them.\"During the course of the agitation, Hazare and his associates had flown the national flag at half mast in public and also mutilated and defaced the flag,\" the petitioner alleged.The bench, however, was not satisfied with his contention and during the hearing threatened to impose cost on the petitioner for misusing the process of PIL but it refrained from doing so and dismissed the petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12988658", "title": "Bidhan Barua's sex change plea: Is suicide threat a pressure tactic? asks HC", "text": "MUMBAI: \"Is this a pressure tactic?\" the Bombay HC on Thursday asked the lawyer of a man who threatened to commit suicide if his plea for a sex-change operation is not heard urgently.Guwahati resident Bidhan Barua alias Swati (21) , who suffers from gender dysphoria, was scheduled to undergo a sex change surgery at Saifee Hospital last month. However, doctors deferred it after his father objected. Bidhan then moved the HC to get orders for the surgery to proceed. and also sought police protection till the situation normalizes. Bidhan is second-year BCom student at Guwahati University.Bidhan's advocate Ejaz Naqvi moved the court of Chief Justice Mohit Shah on April 27 and was told to move the bench taking original side matters immediately. However, But for reasons known to him,Naqvi moved the bench of Justice S J Vazifdar and Justice A R Joshi only on Wednesday. The judges then posted the hearing on May 7. Thereafter, there was a buzz that Bidhan had written to the Chief Justice threatening to commit suicide and it was hyped in the media.Sources in the HC said the judges were \"pained\" to read the news reports as they did not refuse to hear the matter as portrayed. The judges summoned Naqvi to court. \"What's all this? Nobody stopped him (Bidhan) from asking for an interim relief?\" Justice Vazifdar \"Is this some pressure tactic on the court? asked.Naqvi said he had no knowledge of the letter, saying he got to know of it only when journalists started calling him. \"I read it in the newspapers. What happened in the court is not reflected. We talk of right to life and he wants to end his life,\" said Naqvi.\"I'm extremely sorry,\" he said sensing the judges' anguish. The judges said they had granted a further date for a reason.\"Considering the nature of the matter, we wanted to appoint an amicus curie (friend of the court) for assistance,\" said Justice Vazifdar.The matter will come up for hearing on May 7, 2012.Justice Rajan Kochar (former Bombay HC judge) - These are blackmailing tactics to browbeat the judges. Such litigants should be dealt with firmly without showing mercy. Or else every other litigant would give such threats to extract favourable orders. If it is proved that the lawyer instigated him, then the court should also deal with such lawyers more harshly and sternly. What would have happen if the operation is delayed by a month?Senior counsel Adhik Shirodkar - There seems to be perhaps a miscommunication between an advocate and his client. However, looking at the peculiar sensitive nature of the issue, the advocate should have been extra careful and taken instructions in writing regarding what is the next step to be taken in the court. This should have been the procedure adopted. The responsibility is of the lawyer because it seems that the person is under some stress not only about his sex but also from his family members. This should have been dealt with extra caution and care.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12989419", "title": "Sampath custodial death case: Rs 3 cr offered to CBI officials", "text": "KOCHI: The Sampath custodial death case, which has led to a standoff between the state police and the CBI and saw the chief investigating official allegedly commit suicide, is turning murkier by the day. The latest revelation is that CBI investigators were alternatively offered bribes and coerced, and that the agency's higher-ups in Kerala were in the know.In a confidential letter written to the CBI special director in New Delhi on October 10, 2011, a copy of which is with TOI, CBI inspector K K Rajan said officials in the investigation team were offered Rs 3 crore for exonerating two senior IPS officials accused in the custodial death case.He pointed out that though the matter was brought to the notice of higher-ups in the CBI, none of them took any action. Instead, the officers who resisted the offer were harassed. His letter says: \"... the issue was verbally informed to the JD CBI, Chennai Zone, on the first crime meeting in the presence of Shri V A Mohan, then SP CBI/SCB, Trivandrum, and Smt Shyni, IPS, then SP CBI ACB, Kochi. No action was taken on this but we were unduly harassed, threatened that false cases would be filed against us if we proceeded against senior officers of Kerala police.\"In his confidential self-assessment report, inspector Rajan openly mentioned pressure from higher-ups in the investigation of the custodial death case. In the confidential report for the period between October 1, 2010 and December 31, 2010, Rajan wrote, \"my contribution towards the investigation of RC No 03420105008 (Sampath custodial death case) had won me one commendation certificate.....The pressure was so unbearable only the toughest one can stand against the brutal money power, muscle power and the pressure from the higher-ups\".The CBI probe into the Sampath case stirred up a row after CBI ASP P G Haridath, who headed the probe team, allegedly committed suicide by hanging at his ancestral home on March 15, 2012. A suicide note reportedly written by Haridath had mentioned the names of four persons which included CBI inspectors Rajan and Unnikrishnan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12990109", "title": "Minor maid raped by employer in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: A bakery owner, in an inebriated condition, allegedly raped his minor maid at his Raja Park residence. His wife was off to Delhi for some work. Based on the girl's allegation, the police arrested the man late on Wednesday.On Wednesday night, a police patrolling team found a 15-year old girl wailing and walking aimlessly on the road. The cops stopped and asked her why was she crying.\"She told us that she was employed as a domestic help at 32-year-old Atul Ghai's house at Gali number 4 of the locality and was allegedly raped,\" the police said.\"Ghai owns a bakery in the area. On Tuesday morning Atul's wife had gone to Delhi for some work while the accused stayed back,\" an officer at Adarsh Nagar police station said on Thursday. After work, Atul reached home and asked the maid for water and began drinking. After an hour, he apparently entered the maid's room in an inebriated condition, the police said.\"The accused, according to the victim, was drunk and allegedly raped her. Though she shouted for help, the accused covered her mouth with a towel . Later, depressed with the horrifying incident, the girl left the home in the middle of night,\" the officer added.The girl was brought to Adarsh Nagar police station and based on her statements and allegations, the accused was arrested.The police later sent the girl for the medical examination along with a woman constable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12988762", "title": "Srijani women to display entrepreneurial skills", "text": "PATNA: 'Srijani', a group of women artisans belonging to marginalized section of society of the state, is organizing a three-day exhibition-cum-sale of its summer collection at its office on Ashiana-Digha Road from Friday.These women entrepreneurs would display designer products, handicrafts, personal wear, home decor, office stationeries made of eco-friendly materials and using traditional mediums of embroideries of Bihar's rich traditions.\" It is a novel enterprise by women from the economically and socially weaker section of society, who find an expression of their lives, dreams, desires, aspirations and world views in their hand-embroidered 'Stree Katha' (narratives) which explores socio-cultural norms and their identity in traditional, yet contemporary forms,\" said Veena Upadhyay, director, Srijani. \"Srijani is not just a platform for the women from the backyards of Bihar, it is also an expression of their voice, immense talent and creative ability,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12987979", "title": "Conference held to give voice to rural communities", "text": "GURGAON: Creative ways in which rural communities can receive information and express their needs and concerns effectively were under focus at a day-long conference on Thursday. The conference on community media, Rural Voices: Unheard to Empowered was organized here by the Institute of Rural Research and Development ( IRRAD) along with Sesame Workshop India Trust and United Nations Educational Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO).It provided a platform where various stakeholders discussed alternative media, existing policies, support from different organizations and success in using community media tools including community radio, vernacular newspapers and other forms of art. The organizers had launched a community radio station, Alfaz-e-Mewat FM 107.8, in the Ghaghas village of Mewat earlier this year with the support of the Ministry of Agriculture. This was done to give a voice to the farming communities within a radius of 20 km of the station under the Agriculture Technology Management Agency (ATMA) scheme.\"Galli Galli Sim Sim Radiophone project on Gurgaon's community radio is a proven model for educational delivery. The organization has built an innovative model that can be replicated to bring quality, early learning experiences to disadvantaged children. In fact we have created more than 12 lakh listeners through this. Now it is ready to roll out in 11 other stations across India including Mewat, Bundelkhand and Chamba,\" said Sashwati Banerjee, MD, Sesame Workshop India Trust, while speaking of the role of 'community media for marginalized population'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12988799", "title": "Chandy confident of a Piravom repeat in Neyyattinkara bypoll", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The UDF campaign in Neyyattinkara reached its peak as top leaders attended a convention on Thursday evening. Chief minister Oommen Chandy, finance minister K M Mani, R Balakrishna Pillai, KPCC president Ramesh Chennithala and UDF convener P P Thankachan addressed a jam packed audience seeking their votes for R Selvaraj.Chandy attacked the CPM in his speech for the party's tirade against Selvaraj, who had parted ways with the Marxist party after quitting the MLA post. \"The CPM, which is complaining that Selvaraj had betrayed them, is now finding it difficult to justify their position,'' said the chief minister.With PB member Kodiyeri Balakrishnan confirming that the party had considered disciplinary action against Selvaraj, it is evident that the Marxist party was harassing him. This would mean that all the allegations levelled against Selvaraj by the CPM, after his resignation, were not true. Even the party's district leaders had levelled serious corruption charges against him, Chandy added.\"Now the CPM has the moral responsibility to clarify everything and explain the reasons that led to the resignation of Selvaraj. But they are evading this question. Instead of explaining what had happened, they are blaming the KPCC president and the chief minister,'' said Chandy.Leaders like MV Raghavan, K R Gowri, Abdullakutty, Sindhu Joy and others quit CPM. The party is quick to blame Congress leaders but is yet to find out what actually went wrong, he added.He said that Selvaraj would score an emphatic win in Neyyattinkara since people here have realised the true colour of the Marxist party.\"The people here know why Selvaraj had to quit the party. There is no doubt. We will repeat what we achieved in Piravom,'' he said.Murali's truce with IUMLCongress leader K Muraleedharan said he will stop public comments against IUML. \"Since the party and UDF are gearing up for the Neyyattinkara bypoll, I have decided to stop all these controversies,'' said Muraleedharan. Sources said that IUML leader P K Kunhalikutty had spoken to him over the phone and reached an accord to stop all public spats.It is learnt that chief whip P C George took the initiative and created an atmosphere for a dialogue between the IUML leadership and Muraleedharan.Thiruvananthapuram: The UDF campaigning in Neyyattinkara reached its peak with its leaders parading before the people at a convention on Thursday evening. Chief Minister Oommen Chandy accompanied by his constituent leaders K.M.Mani, R.Balakrishna Pillai, K.M.Mani, along with KPCC president Ramesh Chennithala and UDF convener P.P.Thankachan, addressed the jam packed convention seeking vote for R.Selvaraj.Chandy in his speech was more critical in attacking the CPM and its tirade against R.Selvaraj who had parted ways with the Marxist party by quitting the MLA post. The CPM which had been propagating that Selvaraj had betrayed them is now finding it difficult to justify their position,'' said Chandy.With the statement from PD member Kodiyeri Balakrishnan it has become evident that the Marxist party was gearing up to take action against R.Selvaraj. This would mean that all the allegations levelled against Slevaraj by the CPM after his resignation was absurd. Even the party's district leaders had levelled serious corruption charges against Selvaraj, Chandy added.Now the CPM has the moral responsibility on answering to the charges or reasons that had led to the resignation of Selvaraj. But they are running away from it. Instead of explaining what had happened they are putting the blame on the KPCC president and Chief Minister,'' said Chandy. From MVR to K.R.Gowri, Abdullakutty to Sindhu Joy, many leaders had come out of the CPM. Instead of having introspection, they are more eager to blame on the Congress leaders for this, he added.He said that Selvaraj would score an emphatic win in the bypoll since the people here have realised the true colour of the Marxist party. The people here know why Slevaraj had to quit the party. There was no doubt about the result of the bypoll. The UDF will repeat a Piravom here,'' he added.MURALI's TRUCE WITH IUMLK.Muraleedharan has entered into a truce with the IUML leadership and has decided to stop the public comments against the party. Since the party and the UDF is gearing up for the Neyyattinkara bypoll, I have decided to stop all these controversies,'' said K.Muraleedharan.Sources said that IUML leader P.K.Kunhalikutty had spoken to Muraleedharan over the phone and had reached an accord to stop all the public outburst. It is learnt that chief whip P.C.George took the initiative and created an atmosphere for a dialogue between the IUML leadership and Muraleedharan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12993026", "title": "I-League: Sporting looking for a win against HAL", "text": "MARGAO: Sporting Clube de Goa will look to end their I-League campaign on a winning note as they take on relegated HAL on Saturday at the Nehru stadium in Fatorda.\"Now that we play our last match at home we want to end on a winning note. HAL are an unpredictable side who can turn things around on their given day. My boys are ready for the challenge and I expect a close contest,\" Sporting Clube de Goa Technical Director, Alex Alvares, said.With James Moga back in the side after one match suspension, the attack will look more sharper, Alvares added.Alvares was hopeful that his team would finish among the top five, but the defeat against East Bengal in their last match has pushed them to eight place with 37 points.A win on Saturday will not alter their position as they will finish behind Prayag United, who are on 42 points from 25 matches.HAL, who are relegated to the second division of the I-League, are on eight points and the team is hoping to end the season on positive note.HAL coach Ramalingam Thyagraj said, \"We are aware of tomorrow's challenge. We drew against them in our last meeting, but tomorrow they have the home advantage and we have to play to our potential for a win,\" said Thyagraj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12988926", "title": "Primary teachers protest in Nashik over transfers", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik district branch of the Maharashtra state primary teachers' association has been protesting against transfer of its members to different talukas. The hunger strike being observed in front of the district collectorate by teachers from the association from Wednesday will continue till Saturday. On May 9, the teachers will start an indefinite fast unto death in Pune. The association is demanding that their administrative transfers be done within the same taluka. Primary teachers from the zilla parishad (ZP) schools have begun observing a chain hunger strike in front of the district collectorate.The teachers said there are 2,000 ZP schools in the district with 10,438 teachers, out of which 1,100 are transferred every year on the district level and 5% of these are transferred at the taluka level.\"We had protested against the policy of administrative transfers on April 16 at Azad Maidan, Mumbai, but the government's rural development ministry went ahead with it without heeding our demands. We demanded that administrative transfers be done within the taluka because we are settled in one place. It is inconvenient for us and for our children,\" said Subhash Ahire, who is protesting in front of the collectorate with his fellow teachers from May 2 to May 5.\"We have divided ourselves in four groups for the chain hunger strike. On Wednesday, teachers from the Nashik, Trimbak, Igatpuri and Peth areas observed the hunger strike. On Thursday, teachers from Dindori, Baglan and Deola observed the strike. On Friday, teachers from the Kalwan, Malegaon, Chandwad and Yeola areas and on Saturday those from the Sinnar, Niphad and Nandgaon areas will take part in the hunger strike,\" he said. Every day, 100-150 teachers will be present in front of the collectorate. He added that from May 9, a state-level protest will be observed, with 5,000 teachers undergoing indefinite fast unto death at the deputy director of education's office in Pune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12987523", "title": "Highway safety needs an upgrade", "text": "BANGALORE: A precious 15 minutes were lost, trying to get a vehicle to ferry little Mohit Gowda to the nearest hospital, and he bled to death before he could be rushed. Timely medical help may well have saved Mohit, who was thrown out of a speeding car on Bellary Road on Wednesday morning.Going by the mandate drawn up by the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI), an ambulance armed with a medical attendant (nurse) should be stationed at every toll plaza on a highway. People in an emergency can call up the number displayed on boards along the route.\"The number of ambulances to be stationed on a particular highway is decided depending on the stretch. This was a 22km stretch, so one ambulance would have been in place near the toll plaza,\" said AK Mathur, chief general manager, regional office of Karnataka and Goa, NHAI. However, the authorities are unclear what happens when this lone ambulance is ferrying a patient to hospital and another accident occurs before it returns.This accident raises a few important questions, one being the importance of road safety audit, both during the day as well as night, on all major highways and expressways.\"This accident on Bellary Road occurred during the early morning, when it was still dark. It is established that often, night time visibility on the same stretch is very different compared to day time. Unless it is identified and rectified through a night time safety audit, such fatal accidents will continue to happen. Also, it is commonly known that the strongest bouts of sleep usually overcome a person during early morning hours, and a momentary nap on the part of the driver results in loss of control of the vehicle and leads to fatal accidents. The roads are also dark and empty,\" said Ashish Verma, assistant professor (dept of civil engineering) and associate faculty (Centre for infrastructure, Sustainable Transportation, and Urban Planning ( CiSTUP)), IISc.CABBIES ARE SLEEP-STARVEDThat cab drivers are sleep-starved is a known fact. \"Drivers work for 24 hours at a stretch, take a break the next day, and return to work only the next day. They are also given weekly offs, so we ensure our drivers get proper rest,\" said R Neelakantappa, general secretary of KSTDC Prepaid Taxi Drivers' Association. Little wonder then that drivers crave for sleep, given that they work 24 hours every alternate day.\"It is the owners-cum-drivers who go on any number of trips throughout the day, even during odd hours. Our cab drivers only work 8-10 hours a day, that too with breaks thrown in. The long-distance driver is used to being on the road for long hours, so instances of him nodding off to sleep midway are quite rare,\" said K S Thantry, proprietor of Jai Ganesh Travels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "12989507", "title": "Mandeep educates underprivileged kids to help build a better society", "text": "DUGRI: Mandeep Kaur is dentist, but apart from practising she has taken up the noble task of educating children of marginal families.These days she is teaching five young children. Three of them are taking computer lessons from her and two are taking basic education lessons. With this little effort on her part, she aims at making these children self sufficient.Mandeep, 24, said, \"I did my graduation from National College, Dera Bassi, in 2010.\"Mandeep said, \"I always had the desire to do something for the betterment of the society so in 2011, I decided to take the task of teaching the underpriviledged. Initially, I found one child who showed keen interest in learning computer so I started teaching him.''Talking about her students, she said, \"Three of my students are studying in government schools and two are working as domestic help. All of them have the keenness to learn and do well in life.''She said, \"I teach them English, Hindi, Punjabi alphabets and counting and they are taking keen interest in these exercises. For others I teach basics in computer like working on Microsoft Word and PowerPoint. I feel if these children get basic computer education then they can easily get clerical jobs.''Mandeep adds, \"I was fortunate that my family was capable of provide me good education, but families of these children are not in a position to do this. Thus I feel its my duty to help them as much as I can. I feel all educated youngsters should come forward for such noble cause as it is also a nation building initiative.''She adds, \"Apart from giving them education I also give them moral and hygiene related lessons.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12988436", "title": "House panel expresses concern in infrastructure gap in implementing RTE Act", "text": "NEW DELHI: A parliamentary panel has expressed concern over the infrastructure gap in states in provision for classrooms, drinking water and toilet facilities under implementation of the Right to Education (RTE) Act. The panel has pointed out that there were widespread disparities at regional levels with about eight states, having less than 80% completion of construction of primary schools.The panel said that lack of infrastructure should be viewed \"seriously\" as it is a first step to attract children to school.States like Himachal Pradesh and UTs such as Chandigarh - with barely 11% and 8% completion in construction of primary schools, respectively - indicate that there are serious obstacles in implementing the HRD ministry's flagship scheme. The parliamentary committee, headed by Oscar Fernandes, cast a shadow in the implementation of RTE by its target date of March, 2013.\"The committee would like to point out that the states and UTs are bound to comply with the RTE norms of infrastructure development by March 31, 2013. With only one year remaining the Committee is not hopeful of this parameter being complied with,\" the report tabled in Lok Sabha on Thursday said.The report advised the school education department to take up the issue with state governments and ensure that bottlenecks like unavailability of land, procedural clearances, and technical expertise and policy initiatives. The panel underlined the importance of proper infrastructure like sufficient rooms, drinking water, sanitation facilities, boundary walls, playgrounds as per RTE norms.Himachal Pradesh, Meghalaya, Nagaland, West Bengal have reported less than 50% completion of targets in completing construction of upper primary schools, while UTs like Chandigarh, Andaman &amp; Nicobar Islands and Goa lag behind in construction of additional class rooms. Completion of drinking water facilities in Goa, J&K;, Orissa, Daman &amp; Diu and Lakshwadeep is less than 60%, while toilet facilities show worst completion percentage in J&K; followed by Lakshwadeep, Tripura, Manipur and Odisha.The panel also pulled by the ministry for its inability to control high drop-out rates. It noted that drop-outs among vulnerable sections like SC and STs continued to be as high as 40%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12987220", "title": "Polygraph test on lawyer, others", "text": "PUNE: Additional sessions judge Sadhana Shinde on Thursday granted permission to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) to conduct polygraph tests on three more suspects, including a lawyer, in the murder of RTI activist Satish Shetty.The suspects named in the CBI plea are lawyer Ajit Balwant Kulkarni, Deepak Gadgil, head, real estate , airport, hospitality, IRB infrastructure developers limited, and Sandip Garade.CBI special public prosecutor Ayub Pathan filed a plea to conduct tests on the suspects saying it was necessary to unearth a \"greater conspiracy\" in the case.The judge granted permission to the CBI to go ahead with the tests after the suspects gave no objection.The court on Wednesday had granted permission to conduct tests on 10 people, including seven policemen of the Pune rural police. On April 18, the court had granted permission to the CBI to conduct tests on 13 accused, witnesses and suspects in the case.Shetty, who invoked the RTI Act for unearthing land scams in Pune district, was murdered near his residence at Talegaon Dabhade on January 13, 2010. The Pune rural police had filed a chargesheet against criminal lawyer Vijay Dabhade, Pramod Waghmare, Navnath Shelar, Dongrya alias Hanumant Rathod and Shyam Dabhade.The sixth suspect, Parshuram Telgu, was discharged in the murder case under section 169 of the CrPC. The CBI had taken over the probe, following an order from the Bombay high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "12993349", "title": "Recovering Punjab aim to continue good form against Rajasthan", "text": "MOHALI: On recovery trail after a poor start to the tournament, King XI Punjab would be keen to keep up the momentum when they take on the floundering Rajasthan Royals in an IPL match on Saturday.On Wednesday, Kings XI pulled off a stunning victory over Royal Challengers Bangalore in the latter's backyard, a win that catapulted them to the top four teams leaving behind even defending champions Chennai Super Kings who have also suffered defeat at their hands in their own den.It has been a great feat for the franchise, which started with two successive defeats and hamstring injury to their captain Adam Gilchrist even before the tournament had reached the midway stage.Punjab have won five from 10 outings and have an upcoming game against struggling Deccan Chargers and table toppers Delhi Daredevils. They will also be hoping to win on home turf when they meet Rajasthan on Saturday and correct their home record which has not been good this season.Former Pakistani all-rounder Azhar Mahmood's presence in the side after his visa issue was resolved has meant that Punjab have struck the right balance.The 37-year-old Mahmood, now a British national, seems to have infused new energy in the side, which looked down in the dumps at one stage.The aggressive medium pacer has not only impressed with his wicket-taking abilities earning three scalps in the previous match and holding his nerve in crunch situations, but also made useful contributions with the bat.Stand-in captain David Hussey's leadership has revived the sagging fortunes of the team and he has also struck some brilliant knocks making 255 runs in the tournament so far.Under him, the team's fielding seems to have improved a lot.Aussie left-hander Shaun Marsh and domestic player Mandeep Singh, who is the highest run getter for his team with 277 runs, have lent strength to Punjab's batting.In the bowling department, medium pacer Praveen Kumar and find of this season Parvinder Awana have been doing a good job.The skipper has also reposed his faith in leg-spinner Piyush Chawla, the highest wicket-taker for his side with 12 scalps so far. The captain backed him after his expensive over against Mumbai and Chawla has also responded making contributions with the bat as well.Gilchrist had earlier heaped praise on medium pacer Praveen Kumar for doing a fine job of containment, though he has been unlucky not to get as many wickets.The inclusion of Ryan Harris will further boost Punjab's bowling arsenal.Meanwhile, Rajasthan Royals would be low on morale after suffering successive defeats at the hands of Delhi Daredevils. They were undone by Virender Sehwag's heroics with the bat and young bowler Pawan Negi's sensational bowling effort in the previous game.The Rahul Dravid-led side will be desperate to end the losing streak knowing well that another loss may almost shut the door on their chances of making the semifinals.Rajasthan have so far won just four out of 10 and are placed seventh in the points table. They will be hoping that Australia's prolific all-rounder Shane Watson, comes good on Saturday after his failure with the bat in last match.Dravid and his opening partner and Ajinkya Rahane (458 runs so far including a century) lend strength to Rajasthan batting in the top order, but the middle order that includes Brag Hodge, Owais Shah and Ashok Menaria, will have to get their act together.Watson and Pankaj Singh will also have to bowl their best if Rajasthan are to fancy their chances on Saturday.Teams (from):Kings XI Punjab: Adam Gilchrist (Capt.), Bipul Sharma, Paras Dogra, Harmeet Singh, Siddharth Chitnis, Love Ablish, Piyush Chawla, Amit Yadav, Parvinder Awana, Stuart Broad, Azhar Mahmood, Bhargav Bhatt, Ryan Harris, Vikramjeet Malik, Paul Valthaty, Sunny Singh, Shalabh Srivastava, Rajagopal Sathish, Nitin Saini, Nathan Rimmington, Abhishek Nayar, David Miller, Mandeep Singh, James Faulkner, Praveen Kumar, Shaun Marsh, Dimitri Mascarenhas, Ramesh Powar.Rajasthan Royals: Rahul Dravid (Capt.), Siddharth Trivedi, Shane Watson, Shaun Tait, Dishant Yagnik, Paul Collingwood, S Sreesanth, Brad Hodge, Shreevats Goswami, Faiz Fazal, Samad Fallah, Aditya Dole, Kevon Cooper, Brad Hogg, Aakash Chopra, Ankeet Chavan, Dinesh Chandimal, Deepak Chahar, Johan Botha, Stuart Binny, Ashok Menaria, Sumit Narwal, Pankaj Singh, Pinal Shah, Owais Shah, Abhishek Raut, Ajinkya Rahane, Amit Singh, Amit Paunikar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12988835", "title": "Garment store staff foil robbery next door, 2 hurt", "text": "MUMBAI: Quick thinking on the part of three employees of a garment store in south Mumbai's Bhuleshwar helped foil a robbery in a neighbouring courier store on Thursday. One of the employees of Raj Garments, Mangesh Panduranga (28), sustained head injuries in the scuffle that followed. A robber, Mohd. Kasim, was also severely injured. The two were admitted to GT Hospital.According to the police, five armed robbers had stormed into Ramesh Kumar Kantilal Courier Company at about 2:30pm and taken four employees of the store hostage before trying to flee with Rs 3 lakh in cash. They even fired one round in the air. However, the robbers stopped by employees of the store next door. While one of the accused was nabbed, four others managed to flee. The police were able to recover the entire amount.An inspector of LT Marg police station said that as the robbers were trying to flee, they ran into Mangesh whom they hit in the head. Tilak Thapa, a tailor, rushed to the spot and overpowered one robber but others fled. A crowd then beat up Kasim before handing him over to cops. \"The accused belong to Uttar Pradesh. We identified them with the help of the CCTV,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12988370", "title": "Court verdict on fee structure may open floodgates of appeals", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court judgment asking the school fee determination committee, now headed by Justice S R Singharavelu, to review the prescribed fee structure fixed for schools is likely to open the floodgates of appeals from schools, as the validity of the structure fixed by the committee comes to an end with the coming academic year.The number of schools demanding higher fee structure too will be much higher than the 2009 figure of 10,293 schools.For this year, the judgment means a big relief for 300-odd schools which had challenged the fee structure. \"We have been contesting the methodology using which the fee structure was drawn. If the court's direction includes guidelines on how the fee structure should be reviewed, it will not only help the schools that had appealed in court, but also others who haven't. It will also give stakeholders a clear idea of how the committee arrived at the fee structure,\" said P Vishnucharan, correspondent of Shree Niketan Matriculation School, one of the schools that appealed against the fee structure drawn up by Justice (retd) K Raviraja Pandian in court.After parents of a private unaided school in Coimbatore took to the streets in 2009 protesting the high fee charged by the school, the state government drew up the Tamil Nadu Schools (Regulation of Collection of Fee) Act 2009. A fee determination committee formed under the Act with Justice (retd) K Govindarajan as chairman drew up the first fee structure in May 2010 and said that it was applicable for three years.Two academic years hence, there is still friction among school managements and parents. Schools other than those that had appealed against the fee structure hope that when they get a chance to submit their fee structure for revision at the end of three years, the guidelines prescribed by the court will be used rather than the present calculation.Many schools that did not accept the revised fee structure proposed by the Justice Raviraja Pandian fee committee chose to appeal against it with the fee committee instead of going to court. There are others who did not appeal against the first fee structure prescribed by the Justice K Govindarajan fee committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12987231", "title": "Garbage dump, vehicles dot footpaths on Baner Road", "text": "PUNE: The initial stretch on Baner Road has wide footpaths for people to walk with minimum aberrations. But, the pavements have been shortchanged in form of parked vehicles and garbage in the commercial end of the road.Garbage is dumped on footpath beside Ivory Estates on Baner Road. To add to the misery, there is a bus stop amidst the heap of litter. Commuters have to suffer the smell of garbage while waiting for their designated buses. Besides, the litter on the footpath forces pedestrians to walk on the road.Govind Sahni, a painter, said, \"It's annoying to stand at the bus stop due to the garbage kept around it. The civic authorities should take note of this and remove them as soon as possible.\"Prabhakar Khandale, a waste picker in the vicinity of the garbage dump, said, \"We are responsible for clearing the society's (Ivory Estates) dry garbage. The wet garbage is removed by the local authorities.\"Baburao Dattoba Chandere, standing committee chairman at the Pune municipal corporation, said, \"The PMC has given the contract under JNNURM (Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission) to construct/upgrade the footpaths on Baner Road. We need to remove temporary obstruction like garbage dumping on the footpaths.\"Vivek Kharvadkar, additional city engineer of the PMC, said, \"The PMC is not absolving from its responsibilities by passing the buck to JNNURM contractor. We have given the contract according to the contractual obligations and we expect them to remove garbage with a degree of consistency.\"Another irritant for pedestrians on Baner Road is that most people park their cars/two-wheelers on the footpath. Chandrakant Bagwe, a businessman caught parking his two-wheeler on the footpath in front of a bank, said, \"I have to go to the ATM and withdraw money. It takes two minutes. Plus, the bank provides no parking space for us. So, we have to park on the footpath.\"Bagwe is not the only person to park his vehicle on the footpath.Hordes of motorbikes are parked on footpaths outside several banks that are situated on Baner Road. Besides parked vehicles, there are roadside eateries consuming a large portion of the pavement. However, the number of vendors is comparatively less than other busy roads in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12989198", "title": "Produce Abhay for hearing: Court to senior superintendent of police, jail official", "text": "VARANASI: The additional district judge-VIII on Thursday ordered the senior superintendent of police and district jail superintendent of Faizabad to produce mafia-turned Samajwadi Party MLA from Gosainganj Abhay Singh before the court on May 11 for further hearing in a case lodged here against him in 2002.Its worth mentioning here that another mafia don-turned-politician Dhananjay Singh, the Bahujan Samaj Party MP who had been granted bail by the High Court recently in a double murder case, was attacked in Nadesar area on October 4, 2002, when he was heading towards Jaunpur after meeting someone at a local hospital. Following this incident, Dhananjay had lodged a named FIR against six persons including Abhay Singh and Vineet Singh, who is now a BSP MLC.In 2007 the HC gave a proceeding stay in this case due to which further hearing and trial could not take place.On February 24 last the complainant moved the HC. After it, the HC ended the proceeding stay and ordered the lower court to dispose the case in eight months.In view of the same order of the HC, the proceedings in the case started on Thursday and the ADJ-VIII Ashok Kumar Yadav ordered the jail superintendent and SSP of Faizabad to ensure that Abhay is produced before his court on the next date of hearing on May 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12989929", "title": "No hot air, Indore students set to ride high on green machine", "text": "INDORE: Finding frequent hike in fuel prices and rising pollution level frustrating, six final year mechanical engineering students of a city-based engineering college have decided to put their theoretical knowledge to practical use. The bike envisaged by these students will run on compressed air and take you on a wonder ride at a nominal cost without emitting toxic gases.For this, they have modified 100cc Kinetic Honda K4 petrol engine to an engine that runs on compressed air. Though several tech institute and research companies are working on the concept of vehicles that can run on air, the students have developed the engine to work on specific conditions by changing the angle of CAM component, which is used to control inlet and exhaust valve in the engine.Anuj Jain, one of the team members, said, \"Nearly 10 months back, we had decided to work together and modify the engine and run it on compressed air. It took four months of hard work to develop the engine.\"Another team member Nayank Jain said, \"We will approach automotive companies and take expert's help to work on concept and develop a better engine which could be used in four-wheelers too.\"The students worked on the engine for 6-8 hours daily and the project cost them Rs 8,000, including engine. Bollywood flick 3 Idiots inspired these students to innovate.By changing the gear ratio, students have converted the 4-stroke engine to 2-stroke engine. The working pressure of air used is about 120 pounds per sq inch (PSI) with capability to run engine at a speed of 3,000 rotations per minute. No heat is liberated so cooling system is also not required.Akhil Agarwal, another team member, said, \"No toxic gases are released, but only clean air at a temperature of 15.3 degree Celsius from the exhaust pipe. This air can also be used for air conditioning.\"The engine which can currently achieve a speed of 35-40 km/hr can be used in a variety of applications in future. Sanjay Purkar, head of department, mechanical engineering of Swami Vivekanand College of Engineering said, \"The efforts put up by the students are praiseworthy. With such engine models, we can establish a smoke-free atmosphere and can control global warming effectively. We are now going to approach automotive companies and get certification from association which deals in the field.\"Why is it unique?Cost-effective idea120 PSI air pressure to run engine with 3,000 rpmNo cooling system requiredNo toxic gas releasedEngine to run on compressed air", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12987454", "title": "Teachers\u2019 boycott causes huge pileup of unchecked answersheets", "text": "NAGPUR: Over 12 lakh answersheets of Nagpur University students are not yet checked thanks to the ongoing teacher's boycott of evaluation work.With this, NU results are set to get delayed much beyond the norm of 30 days and students would be the ultimate suffers, NU insiders said. TOI on Wednesday had reported on how NU, rocked by a series of paper leaks, was staring at a bigger problem as the evaluation work of ongoing summer examinations was crippled because of lecturers' strike to press for sixth pay commission arrears.Controller of Examinations (CoE) Siddharth Kane admitted that the boycott had severely affected evaluation work and 10-12 lakh answer sheets were pending for checking. \"About 60% of summer examinations have been concluded while rest would finish shortly. Over four lakh students are appearing and most of them are going to be affected if boycott is not lifted soon,\" he told TOI.Kane added that non-participation of engineering faculty lecturers in the boycott was the only silver lining and some three lakh answer-sheets of students from this faculty were evaluated. \"We generally evaluate 70-75 lakh answer-sheets in a year and most of them belong to general courses like arts, commerce and science,\" he said. The problem is not of NU alone. Over 34,000 teachers in all Maharashtra universities, except those in engineering faculty, are boycotting evaluation.Sources said paper leak and ongoing boycott had proved to be a double whammy for beleaguered NU officials who were struggling to keep the system going. \"With paper leaks, officials have become extra cautious and are not ready to take risks and pending answer-sheets are making matters worse for NU exam section employees,\" sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12988740", "title": "Patna University likely to set up directorate of vocational courses", "text": "PATNA: Patna University (PU) is likely to set up a separate directorate of vocational (self-financing) courses with a view to improving the functioning of all its vocational and self-financing courses running at undergraduate and post-graduation levels.PU vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh on Thursday said that the directorate would monitor the functioning of all these courses, more than 60 in number, and bring in uniformity in their academic programmes and fee structure. A committee constituted by PU for suggesting reforms in the management of vocational and self-financing courses has already submitted its report to the VC.The committee headed by PU pro-VC J P Singh consists of students' welfare dean Ezaj Ali Arshad, science faculty dean U K Sinha (chief coordinator) and Aseem Lal Chakravorty (coordinator).Sinha said that the committee has suggested that there should be rationalization of course fee. At present, a student is required to pay different fee for the same course in different institutions of PU. Patna College, B N College and Magadh Mahila College would charge different fee for the same BCA or BBA course. Similarly, a student admitted to biotechnology course in B N College would pay different fee from what is being paid by a Patna Science College student for the same course, he said.The courses of studies of the same course running in different colleges are also different. The committee has recommended uniformity in the courses of studies. The student strength in different courses would also be rationalized depending on the availability of infrastructure.All these professional courses would now run under the semester system and steps have been initiated to get the admission ordinances and regulations of these courses revised accordingly.Even though the number of students pursuing vocational courses has more than doubled in the last five years with the introduction of several popular job-oriented courses,not a single teacher has been recruited for the vocational (self-financing) courses.All the vocational courses are being managed by their parent departments. The proposed directorate of self-financing courses would strive hard to remove all the shortcomings and help ensure proper functioning of all the courses, said the VC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12988187", "title": "CBI to seek clarifications from Antony on Tatra deal", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation is planning to meet defence minister A K Antony to seek clarifications from him on the Tatra scandal.According to CBI sources, they will seek an appointment with Antony to get his response on various aspects of the allegation by Army chief Gen V K Singh that he was offered a bribe of Rs 14 crore by Lt Gen (Retd) Tejinder Singh for clearing a batch of Tatra trucks.Among the issues that the agency would like to clarify with the defence minister is his meeting with Gen V K Singh in September 2010, during which the Army chief told him about the Rs 14 crore that was offered by Tejinder Singh allegedly on behalf of Ravi Rishi, the owner of Tatra Sipox (UK) which supplies Tatra trucks to BEML, which in turn provides it to the military.During its proposed interaction with Antony, CBI may also seek clarification on the entire process of procurement of Tatra trucks, the clearances granted by Defence Acquisition Council headed by him for Tatra procurement and other decisions of the minister.CBI sources said the Army chief has already handed over his 'Record of Discussion', which records his meeting with Tejinder Singh and the details of their conversation in his office on September 22, 2010. The Army chief had later informed Antony about the offer. Antony has told Parliament that he had suggested that the Army chief put the matter in writing.The 'Record of Discussion' that the Army chief gave CBI is the second piece of evidence pointing to Tejinder Singh's presence in the Army chief's office on that day. Earlier, the agency had found Tejinder Singh's entry marked in the visitor's register of South Block. \"We have to find out Lt Gen Tejinder Singh's link with Ravi Rishi, chairman of Vectra group,\" a source said.The CBI continued with its questioning of Tejinder Singh on Thursday, looking for links between him and Rishi.In his complaint, the Army chief had told CBI that when he saw the number of trucks to be procured mentioned on the Tatra file, which was on his table the day Tejinder Singh visited him, he had called up all his commands to know about their requirement. The requirement of Army commands was way less than what was mentioned on the file, Gen V K Singh is believed to have told CBI.The Army chief has also provided several documents to CBI which will help the agency in the Tatra probe.CBI has registered a case into the purchase of Tatra trucks on March 30 against Rishi, unknown officials of the defence ministry and UK-based Tatra Sipox Ltd. CBI sources claimed that documents showed that there was an apparent hurry in signing the memorandum of understanding in just three days between Tatra Sipox (UK) and BEML in June 1997.Rishi, who controls Tatra Sipox (UK), has denied allegations of any wrongdoing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "12988238", "title": "Noida Extension impasse gets a breather", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: In what seems like a major step to lift the impasse of Noida Extension housing projects, the new Samajwadi Party government has incorporated the suggestions of the NCR Planning Board in the Greater Noida Master Plan 2021. The government and the Greater Noida Authority sent the improvised Master Plan to the planning board on Monday.According to senior state government officials, the main suggestion of NCRPB pertained to the available land and projected population in the coming years. The new government has, hence, made the changes accordingly. Considering that incorporating the suggestions and getting them approved was a pre-condition for construction work to resume in Noida Extension, the government is confident to reach a final solution at this month's meeting of the planning cell.\"The main problem was that the earlier government was not ready to make these changes. However, we have now studied the Master Plan in detail and incorporated the suggestions. We are hopeful that in the next meeting of the planning cell, to be held sometime in mid-May, this plan should be given the final approval,\" said AK Gupta, Industrial Development Commissioner, UP. \"Last time we had assured the planning board that we intended to cooperate and had requested them to allow us to present the improvised Master Plan to the planning cell headed by chief secretary NCRPB instead of taking it before the board to save time. They agreed to this and we are hoping that in the meeting this month we will get good news,\" Gupta added.Due to non-clearance of Greater Noida's Master Plan by the NCRPB, development work in the Noida Extension area has remained stuck for over six months now. The Allahabad high court had last year ruled that construction would not begin till the board approved of the Master Plan.The planning board had mainly objected to the plan pointing out that Greater Noida currently has a population of 1 lakh, but land is being acquired for a highly inflated projected population of 29 lakh. However, as per the planning board's regional plan-2021, a population of 7 lakh by 2011 and 12 lakh by 2021 was projected in Greater Noida. In fact, the Census 2011 figures show that the population in Greater Noida has increased by just a lakh in the last 15 years indicating a slow rate of growth of population. The board had, hence, refused to accept that the population could grow to 29 lakh and rejected the previous UP government's attempt to acquire land at an alarming rate.Meanwhile, the plight of middle-income homebuyers of Noida Extension has reached the highest portals of the country with the BJP raising the controversial issue in the Rajya Sabha. BJP leader, Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, raised the issue during the 'zero hour' in the Upper House on Thursday following reports that homebuyers would be staging a dharna at Jantar Mantar over the non-resumption of construction on hundreds of residential projects in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12988263", "title": "Central Railway's steel fencing work in progress at 7 stations", "text": "MUMBAI: Central Railway (CR) has started work on putting up steel fences at seven places, of the total 38 stations across its suburban network, to prevent people from crossing the tracks.A CR spokesperson said: \"Work is in progress at Byculla, Parel, Dadar, Reay Road, Sewri, Wadala Road and King's Circle stations. So far, 1000 m of fencing has been provided.\"CR plans to instal 7,000 m of fencing at 14 stations on the Main line between Mumbai CST and Kalyan, 10 between CST and Mankhurd, eight between Kalyan and Karjat and at six more location between Kalyan and Kasara.A CR official said: \"The locations were selected after identifying spots where trespassing was rampant.\" The work is being carried out in phases and all the stations on the list are likely to be covered by October.TOI had reported in September 2011 that CR planned to start the project as part of its measures to curb trespassing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12992059", "title": "Billa2 Kerala rights sold", "text": "Known earlier, Billa 2 theatrical rights have been sold out for a whopping amount of Rs. 40 crores leaving behind the God's own land Kerala.The latest buzz is that Sagara Entertainment and Money Tree Entertainment company has acquired the theatrical rights in Kerala for 1.5 crore rupees.Sources reveal this is the highest ever for a Ajith starrer. The success of Mankatha in Kerala has fetched him almost the double for Billa 2. This is the first movie to have its theatrical rights to be to be sold for a record price even before its censorship. Well, Thala will always make heads turn and it happens not only for his straight forwardness but also for his market crossing the borders.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12986726", "title": "'Assault on cop caught on CCTV'", "text": "MUMBAI: BCCI president N Srinivasan's son Ashwin was arrested for hitting a police constable during a brawl at a pub. The policemen took Ashwin and his friend Avi Mukharjee to the police station.\"The police had a tough time controlling them. He (Ashwin) not only abused the policemen, but assaulted them. So, we decided to book them,\" said an officer.Senior police inspector of Bandra police station, Abhay Shastri said, \"The accused had cleared the bar bill before we took them to the police station, so the bar did not file a complaint against them. One of the policemen is the complainant in the case.\"The police booked Ashwin and Avi for assault, use of criminal force to deter public servant from discharging his duty and criminal intimidation.Meanwhile, the additional commissioner of police (west), Vishwas Nagre-Patil informed, \"We have recovered the CCTV footage from the bar. It shows the accused assaulting the policemen.\"TOI also tried to get in touch with Srinivasan but there was no response.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12987651", "title": "Nagpur University and Gondwana University dispute over land remains unresolved", "text": "NAGPUR: The ongoing tussle between Nagpur University and newly-formed Gondwana University (GU) seems to be getting sharper. Now, officials from both universities are blaming each other for non-cooperation, especially over fate of NU's sub-centre at Gadchiroli spread over 10 acres. GU seems to be heading for a host of troubles as it races to commence its first academic year from June. Owing to tussle with NU, a majority of its works have come to a standstill. The contentious issue would be discussed in the forthcoming NU Management Council meeting on May 11, sources said.NU registrar Mahesh Yenkie had told TOI that though the government had asked them to handover the sub-centre land along with property to GU, NU was opposed to the move. \"The government issued us a letter stating that we should find an alternative land for Model College granted by UGC for Gadchiroli district. In that case, we have to discontinue running the Model College till we find a new land,\" he said.He added that NU had written to state minister of higher and technical education to clarify the issue. \"If NU is supposed to run the Model College, it would require entire sub-centre land for constructing administrative block, hostels, library and other facilities for it. GU requires huge tracts of land as running an entire university from this small area was not possible,\" he explained.Other NU officials claimed that GU had made modifications in the existing building of NU without permission. \"We have not yet handed over the land to them and are awaiting directions from the government. In fact, NU had purchased the sub-centre land for Rs 8.50 lakh in 1984. How can government expect us to hand it over to GU when we need it for Model College,\" they asked.They alleged GU officials had also illegally handed over a portion to a nationalized bank. \"In fact, they made many purchases illegally without floating tenders,\" the officials here alleged. GU registrar Vinayak Irpate denied all allegations and asked why was NU creating hurdles when the government had clearly asked NU to hand over the land. \"We have applied for 350 acres land with the government for expansion,\" Irpate said adding that NU officials were deliberately delaying process of handing over files and accounts of 177 colleges that would be transferred to GU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12988078", "title": "CBI should probe MGREGA works &amp; tendu bonus scams: Kishore Tiwari", "text": "NAGPUR: Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti (VJAS) leader Kishore Tiwari has demanded CBI probe into corruption in works under Mahatma Gandhi Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGREGA) and distribution of tendu bonus to tribals in Yavatmal district.\"Labourers working for various forest water conservation projects in Yavatmal district under MGREGA have been deprived of wages worth over 25 crore,\" Tiwari said.Citing an example, the VJAS leader said there is a complaint from Telangtakdi village where a man who died in 2008 has been shown as working in 2011.He alleged there are many complaints regarding bogus musters being made to claim wages for work actually done with the help of machines. \"Besides, there is lack of transparency in distribution of bonus to tendu workers,\" Tiwari charged.On Friday, tribal workers and tendu collectors have organized a rally at Agrasen Bhavan, Pandharkawda, to protest alleged malpractices in MGREGA works and tendu bonus distribution. The rally will be addressed by tribal activists Kishore Tiwari, besides Letu Junghare, Tukaram Meshram, Ankit Meshram and Mohan Jadhav, all members of the Tendu Majoor Samiti.The samiti's massive agitation in 1997 to 2005 forced the government to forgo the right over royalty collected through tendu units' auction.\"The practice is still being continued and 80% amount is being siphoned off by way of fabricated records,\" Tukaram Meshram charged.On the contrary, SA Khande, SDO of Kelapur, denied there was any such scam. \"Under MGREGA, work is given on demand and wages are deposited in the bank account of beneficiaries. It is true that some cases under the said Act are being probed,\" Khande said.Ramanuj Choudhary, additional principal chief conservator of forests (APCCF) for non-timber forest produce (NTFP), monitoring and evaluation, was not available for comments over allegations regarding bonus distribution.Tiwari demanded that government should give up its right on tendu royalty. \"There is no accountability in bonus distribution. Relevant documents in this regard will be submitted to the government,\" he said.Tiwari further alleged there are complaints that tendu bonus amount is deposited in the bank account of single families. These family members are relatives of local forest staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12988212", "title": "Cops act tough on drunk driving", "text": "NOIDA: If you are in the habit of drinking and driving, beware. The Noida traffic police have intensified checks on motorists who drive under the influence of alcohol. A 'do not drink and drive' campaign is being carried out across the city and strict action is being taken on violators. Breath analyzers are being used to check the level of alcohol during this continuous campaign. So far, police have imposed fines to the tune of Rs 20 lakh after checking nearly 1,000 motorists in the last four months.Traffic policemen have been divided into several teams and stationed at different places across Noida. On target are the malls, hotels, restaurants and liquor retail outlets besides the resto-bars and pubs. \"During the drive, our special focus is on entertainment hubs of the city. We have also posted our personnel at Sectors 18, 29, 37, 51 and 61 besides keeping a sharp eye on several watering holes,\" said Saifuddin Beg, senior traffic inspector.As per section 185 of the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988, driving under the influence of alcohol is punishable with a six-month jail term or a fine of 2,000 or both. If alcohol in the blood exceeds 30mg per 100ml of blood, one is likely to be booked under this Act. Beg said that during the drive they found cases with levels in the blood much higher than allowed. \"We have recorded people with levels as high as 205 and 211 mg/100ml,\" Beg said. \"The violators have had to pay heavy fines and had their driving licence suspended till the magistrate returned it. Moreover, they have been issued warnings that if they indulged in the offence for a second and third time, they could end up in jail,\" Beg added.With a clear aim to not only crack down on motorists driving vehicles in an inebriated state, the traffic police, driving home the message on road safety, stressed that the need of the hour was to foster a sense of responsible drinking amongst people as well as youngsters. \"Intelligent policing is a must as we believe it is the only cure to this menace. Clamping down on nightlife has not led to improving the situation. What is required is fostering a sense of responsible drinking and cracking down hard on offenders,\" said another senior police official. \"People need to understand that one should not drink and drive as it not only endangers the life of the driver, but also that of others,\" the official said.The traffic police are also zeroing in on underage driving, which is increasingly becoming a serious problem for the city. According to the traffic department, on an average 150 underage drivers are fined every month in Noida. This particular offence, as per Noida cops, is steadily increasing and is showing no signs of abating. A special campaign is also being carried out against the use of tinted glasses beyond permissible limits or black film by vehicles. \"Today we collected Rs 7,000 as fine from 70 violators,\" Beg informed.Meanwhile, in their continuous drive against traffic violations in the last month, police have registered 6,515 traffic offences. Cops have recovered Rs 4,30,800 from the offenders in the same period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12990158", "title": "English is the key to salvation for them", "text": "LUCKNOW: English is not just a language, it's a medium of salvation for them. They themselves may not have seen a school ever, let alone an English medium one, but parents from lower income group won't settle for anything less than a 'kaanvent' for their kids.They are convinced that English is the key to open immense future possibilities and government schools don't' measure up to their expectations. A recent public interest litigation moved by social worker Anand Praksah Sahi demanding compulsory English medium education in the government primary schools has forced to relook into the sorry state of affairs at government schools. Hence there is mushrooming of 'gully' convents, catering to every need.Parents who can afford a little sum are game for such private schools, even though they not adhere to the basic rules and regulations. \"I want my children to talk and write in English. Though I don't understand when my son reads some table in English, it really feels good,\" says Archana Devi. A housemaid living in Vikas Nagar, she adds, \"Everyone wants to make their son a gentleman. And it is not a bad deal, if I have to pay Rs 150 a month for his education.\"Archana's statement is backed by Surya Bhan Singh, principal of Mother Teresa School. \"Be it a washer man, or vegetable seller, or a maid servant, everyone wants to learn English. Rather, the basic query of the parents at the time of admission is whether the education is imparted in English or not.\" He, however, admits that his school lacks basic resources. Running it out of a small house, Singh confidently says, \"We are at least imparting education in English and this is what people want.\"Principal, Blue Bells English School, Mahanagar, Kamla Pandey, says, \"English medium education is seen as a tool to achieve social identity. We see how desperate the underprivileged parents (such as fruits and vegetables seller) are to send their children to English medium. Perhaps, they know that English is the key to prosperity.\"And they don't have any choice but to send their kids to these neighbourhood English schools.As a result, between the elite private schools catering to the rich at one end of the spectrum and the government schools serving the poor at the other, an expanding category of aided private schools (aided by the government but privately managed), unaided (run with private funds), recognised and unrecognised, has emerged.Experts in the field believe that these 'teaching shops' found in almost every nook and corner, from the remotest village to the state capital, have been encouraged by the government.\"While the government is shirking its responsibility, the private players made it large. The result was an exponential growth in the number of private schools which are a degree better than government ones,\" says RP Mishra, president, UP Secondary Education Teachers' Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12988629", "title": "Privileges panel to look into MP's complaint against Gujarat police", "text": "NEW DELHI: The alleged roughing up of a Congress Lok Sabha MP by the Gujarat police during the state day celebrations has been referred to the privileges committee for examination, Speaker Meira Kumar said in the House on Thursday.\"The safety and security of a member of the House is a cause of serious concern. I have referred the matter to the committee of privileges for examination and report,\" the Speaker said during zero hour. Kumar said she had received a privilege notice from the member, Prabha Kishore Taviad, on the incident.Gujarat government had came under sharp attack in the Lok Sabha on Wednesday from Congress and non-NDA parties when Taviad, who represents the tribal constituency of Dahod, claimed she was manhandled by police, putting the BJP on the back foot.Besides Congress, members of the Left parties, SP, BSP, Trinamool Congress, AIADMK and RJD got together and said swift action was necessary. Some members said it should be referred to the privileges committee and stern action should be taken against the guilty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "12988055", "title": "Maderna files petition against his shifting to Jaipur jail", "text": "JODHPUR: After Malkhan Singh Bishnoi, now Mahipal Maderna has also filed a petition in the high court on Thursday objecting to his shifting from Jodhpur Central Jail to Jaipur Central Jail. Maderna has also challenged his shifting on the same ground as that of Bishnoi, who had termed the shifting illegal. The court, however, is yet to pronounce the decision in his petition.Earlier, the state government had ordered shifting of both Maderna and Bishnoi from Jodhpur Central Jail to Jaipur Central Jail and Ajmer Central Jail respectively on April 4 following the request of the CBI to the state government citing their attempts to influence the witnesses and accused in the jail, thereby affecting the investigation of the Bhanwari Devi case.Like Bishnoi, Maderna has also mentioned in his petition that neither the high court had given any directions to the state government to shift the jail nor the state government has any power to shift an undertrial from one jail to another.While hearing the petition of Bishnoi, the high court had sought a reply from the state government and had also directed to make CBI a party in the petition. CBI's counsel in high court, Panne Singh Ratadi told that the arguments are yet to complete in this petition and the matter is listed for hearing on Friday.On the other hand, the hearing on the petition of the CBI seeking permission to take voice samples of Shahabuddin and Sohan Lal Bishnoi will also continue from Friday after a long pause. Ratadi told that it is very important for the CBI to know if the voices in the audio clips are actually of Shahabuddin and Sohan Lal as it will help to further narrow down the investigation. \"We have also assured the court that the CBI will not use these samples as an evidence in the trial\", told Ratadi.The CBI court had given a go - ahead to the CBI to take the voice samples of their voices on 7 December last year but the same was challenged by their respective counsels in the high court, which had stayed the order of the CBI court. Since then the matter was constantly under exception hopping from one court to other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12988513", "title": "Mamata meets Krishna ahead of Clinton visit", "text": "NEW DELHI: West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Thursday told foreign minister S M Krishna that she was looking forward to investments from the US for infrastructure development. Ahead of her meeting with US secretary of state Hillary Clinton next week, Banerjee met the foreign minister in Parliament and told him that she was looking at possible economic partnership proposals with the US.Banerjee had come to discuss the government's move to seek online applications and passport details from all Haj pilgrims. She also discussed in detail the upcoming visit by Clinton and issues related to Bangladesh whose foreign minister Dipu Moni too will be in India next week.\"The CM seemed quite open to the idea of US investment, especially in infrastructure development and may even make some announcements during Clinton's visit to Kolkata,\" said a source. The new US ambassador to India, Nancy Powell, was reported to have addressed Banerjee's concerns over FDI in their meeting earlier this week.Talking to TOI, Krishna described the meeting as a \"courtesy call\". \"Apart from the Clinton meeting, we also discussed issues concerning Bangladesh generally without going into specifics. I will also keep the CM informed about my discussions with the Bangladesh foreign minister,\" he added.Foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai and other senior MEA officials including additional secretary Basant Gupta and joint secretary Syed Akbaruddin were present in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12991556", "title": "Facebook CEO set to become richer than Microsoft CEO", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Facebook Inc (FB)'s $11.8 billion initial public offering will cement the status of 27-year-old Mark Zuckerberg as one of the world's richest men and put his social network among the highest-valued companies in the US.Facebook is offering about 337.4 million shares for $28 to $35 each, according to a regulatory filing yesterday. At the upper end of that range, the co-founder's stake would be $17.6 billion, making him richer than Microsoft Corp's Steve Ballmer and Russian steel billionaire Vladimir Lisin , who are both twice his age, according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index.Zuckerberg, who began the service for Harvard classmates as a 19-year-old in his dorm room, built Facebook into the most popular social-networking site in the world, topping 900 million users last quarter. Now he has to prove he has the leadership skills to deliver enough growth to justify the company's valuation, said Paul Saffo , managing director at Discern Analytics in San Francisco .\"The whole story about the Silicon Valley is hard-working, entrepreneurial tech geeks getting big payoffs,\" said Saffo, whose firm provides analytics to institutional investors. \"The challenge he has is: Can Mark grow as quickly as his company has grown? And can Mark grow faster than his company has grown? Because, of course, that's what a leader must do.\"Passing MySpaceZuckerberg, who has developed a reputation for introducing new products quickly, helped the company supplant MySpace as the most popular social service while also navigating competitive threats from Google Inc, Twitter Inc and other social-media sites. The company has expanded its appeal by enabling developers to build applications on top of the platform, offering users music, movies, e-commerce options and other extras.\"They stayed nimble, like a startup of a smaller size,\" said Jeremiah Owyang , an analyst at Altimeter Group. \"The culture encouraged them to experiment and innovate on a regular basis, even when they had the lead.\"Facebook's IPO would value the company at as much as $96 billion. It is offering 180 million of the shares, while existing owners such as Accel Partners and Digital Sky Technologies are offering 157.4 million shares, according to the filing. Zuckerberg is offering 30.2 million of his 533.8 million shares. The majority of his net proceeds will be used to pay taxes associated with exercising a stock option.Majority controlHe may control about 57 per cent of the voting power of Facebook's outstanding capital stock after the offering, according to the filing.Zuckerberg has shown patience in bringing Facebook to the brink of an IPO. After starting the company in 2004, he rolled it out to other college campuses, reaching 1 million users by the end of the year. Zuckerberg also received a key investment from Peter Thiel , who made much of his wealth as a co-founder of online-payments service PayPal , later sold to EBay Inc.It wasn't until 2006 that Zuckerberg opened up the service so anyone could join. Facebook accumulated 12 million users by the end of 2006.Zuckerberg was able to woo other investors along the way to handle the growing user base. That included software company Microsoft, Accel and Russian investor Digital Sky.Facebook, while preparing for the IPO, has remained active on other fronts. After being sued by Yahoo Inc in March for patent infringement, the company has been looking to buy intellectual property from other owners of it. Facebook plans to spend $550 million on some of the patents Microsoft had earlier said it would purchase from AOL Inc.Microsoft CEO Ballmer's net worth was $15.4 billion as of yesterday, according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12988831", "title": "Expert panel to probe dam cost escalation", "text": "MUMBAI: Days after TOI highlighted a huge cost escalation in an upcoming dam project in Balganga, Pen, the state government has appointed a three-member expert panel to look into the variation in estimates.City &amp; Industrial Development Corporation (Cidco), which had accorded administrative approval to the project in 2009, announced the decision to appoint the panel on Thursday.TOI's report had exposed how an upcoming dam in Pen (Raigad), originally estimated to cost Rs 353.89 crore three years back, was awarded to a contractor at an enhanced rate of Rs 488 crore. Barely a year after work commenced in 2010, the contractor came back with a revised cost estimate of a hefty Rs 1,220 crore-a 150% increase.The Konkan Irrigation Development Corporation on Thursday said change in the scope of project work had led to the cost escalation. It, however, said so far no money had been released from the funds allocated. About 70% work on the dam is over and when it is ready, it will supply 350 million litres of water a day to Navi Mumbai.While Cidco said the change in specification and scope of the project had resulted in a hike in the project cost, the three-member panel will find out if the extent of the hike was justified.TOI had also reported on a similar cost escalation in a Karjat dam project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "12988135", "title": "Drunk man assaults senior cop in Kharghar", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: An inebriated man allegedly barged into the Kharghar police station on Wednesday night and assaulted senior inspector Kiran Patil, besides abusing other personnel who were on duty.Vijay Kalu Patil (40), vice-president of the Kharghar Shopkeepers' Association, was arrested, and remanded to day's police custody. Shops in Sector 11 were shut for a few hours after the arrest.Kiran Patil told TOI: \"The accused was under the influence of alcohol. He has a criminal record for similar offences at the CBD, Kalamboli and Kharghar police stations.''He added that the accused created a ruckus at the police station while a complaint of molestation was being lodged by the mother of a girl who had been harassed in Kharghar. A medical test proved that he was drunk, he said.The police said that since the accused is the vice-president of the shopkeepers' association, most of the shops remained shut but there were no untoward incidents.The accused has been recently affiliated with political parties but the senior inspector said that there was no pressure on them in connection with his arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12987769", "title": "Sakaala, citizen charter services, makes you smile", "text": "BANGALORE: A birth certificate without paying a single rupee as bribe, in three days flat, was a shocker to Manchaiah M, a resident of JP Nagar. Ditto with bank employee Y Muni Nanjappa, who got a family member's death certificate the same day without greasing any palms.A month after Sakaala, or the citizen charter services, kicked off, there have been 8,32,988 applications from citizens, of which 7,28,170 have been disposed of. Sakaala applies to 57 government departments which are obliged to deliver services to the common man in a stipulated time.\"I was surprised to get the birth certificate within three days. In fact, I got a message that my application was considered under Sakaala and after three days, I once again got a message to collect the certificate,\" says Manchaiah, who applied at the Jayanagar 4th Block BBMP office.According to A B Hemachandra, joint commissioner, apart from helping the public get services in the stipulated time, the scheme has brought discipline among government servants. \"This is one of the favourable changes I see among my subordinates,\" he said.Y Muni Nanjappa was relieved to get his relative Jayalakshmi's death certificate the day he applied for it. \"I applied on Wednesday, May 2, and got the certificate in the evening. It was a pleasant surprise. This is how government offices must function with speedy disposal of services,\" the bank employee told TOI.HELPLINE ABUZZBesides, the Sakaala helpline also gets calls from faraway districts like Bijapur, Belgaum and Bidar. \"I called the helpline to find out how Sakaala helps the public. We can make use of its services when required,\" said Srikanth Sannabasappa, from Muddebihal, Bijapur.Last week, the department did a survey on the success of Sakaala (up to April 15) to check its impact on citizens, and found that 87% said it was helpful. In all, 2,773 calls have been made to inquire about citizens' services in Bangalore, among which 603 calls pertained to works of BBMP. While 577 calls pertained to issue of ration cards by the food and civil supplies department, 859 calls were to do with the revenue department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12989100", "title": "Daylight robbery in crowded locality in South Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: A daring daylight robbery has shaken a south Kolkata neighbourhood that always drew a sense of security from its para culture. Two masked men stormed into a flat in Azadgarh, a congested residential locality barely 500 metres from Ranikuthi crossing, on Thursday and held a woman at gunpoint to rob cash and jewellery.It comes on the heels of a violent dacoity and back-to-back burglaries in Salt Lake , but unlike the night-time heists in the posh township, the Azadgarh robbery took place in the day and in an area where strangers are easily spotted. The loot, too, wasn't a lot, which just shows that robbers have grown bold enough to take high risks regardless of the stakes. The area came under Kolkata Police about a year ago.It was around noon on Thursday that homemaker Swati Das answered a knock on the door of their top-floor flat. Assuming that it was her son and mother-in-law, who had gone out for some work, she opened the door but was shocked to see two masked men. Before she could recover, the goons roughly pushed her into the house and bolted the door from inside.\"One of them held a gun to my head while the other one closed all the doors and windows and drew the curtains so that no one in the neighbourhood could see what was going on. They forced me to open the almirah,\" said the traumatized woman.\"They threatened to kill me if I uttered even a word. They kept repeating the threat. I was trembling in fear,\" said Swati. When TOI interviewed her in the evening, she was still shivering from the shock.With a pistol pointing at her at all times, she pulled out things from the almirah as commanded by the robbers. They stuffed the cash, jewellery and some costly saris into a suitcase that was lying in the room and left. But instead of taking the stairs down, they went up to the terrace. Swati's ordeal had lasted 20 minutes.As soon as the robbers were gone, Swati opened the door to the balcony and shouted for help. Neighbours gathered with minutes. Some men went looking for the robbers but they were nowhere to be found. The duo took about Rs 15,000 in cash and gold jewellery worth about Rs 80,000.The robbers seem to have kept a watch on the family and had some insider information. For instance, they knew that Swati's husband Shivangsu had got his salary on Wednesday and withdrawn some money for household expenses. Shivangsu and the elder son Shuvajit, commute every day to Baruipur, where they work at a private engineering institute. The robbers struck when Swati's younger son Pritam and mother-in-law Renuka had gone out and she was all alone.A team from Jadavpur police station arrived a half hour later and was soon joined by a team from the detective department. The robbers had jumped to the adjacent roof and used a bamboo scaffolding to escape. Police found the suitcase abandoned on the terrace. \"We have started an investigation and hope to nab the miscreants soon,\" said a police officer.The audacity of the robbers has rattled the neighbourhood that always thought its para culture - where everyone knows everyone - was a safety net.\"Can you imagine a robbery in broad daylight? If the miscreants go scot-free they will be encouraged to strike back again. As most men go out for work, it is only women so stay at home during the day time. This trend is quite scary,\" said Amit Das a neighbour.Local Trinamool Congress councillor Tapan Dasgupta however dismissed the incident as a stray one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12987414", "title": "Now, private players can set up IT city in Uttar Pradesh", "text": "LUCKNOW: In addition to setting up its own IT city, Uttar Pradesh has decided to welcome on board private sector enterprises for setting up IT cities of their own. Under the IT policy of the former BSP government, private developers could not set up an IT city independently.Apart from opening its doors to private players, the IT policy will also undertake a massive overhaul of IT activities in government departments. Instead of allowing individual departments to spend 2% of their total budgets, as they do currently, on IT activities, the new policy will use the funds to set up a joint corpus, which in turn will be spent on creating an integrated approach to IT applications across all of UP's departments.The government's new decisions will reflect in UP's revamped IT Policy. Prepared by management consultancy firm KPMG , the final draft will be submitted to the state government by May 31, 2012. Its formal implementation, however, will be possible after a formal cabinet approval, expected by June 15.Speaking to TOI, Infrastructure and Industrial Development Commissioner, Anil Kumar Gupta, said: We have received offers from private enterprises who want to set up their own IT cities in Agra and Lucknow. With this, the government will assume the role of a facilitator, while private players develop IT cities as an economic activity.''Under the new IT policy, private partners can acquire land from the government at market rates and lease them out to tenants of their choice. The new model also gives them the freedom to develop their own infrastructure. The state government, on the other hand, will give its private partners an assurance of uninterrupted power supply, security, access to airport and will set up a police station and other public utilities like post offices, for which the private partner will allocate land to the state.This is a major departure from the state's previous IT policy under which private developers had to cough up additional funds for creating infrastructure for such utilities. Since this appeared to be a major deterrent for many private parties, this condition has been scrapped under the new IT policy,'' Gupta said.At present, the government has already received private proposals for setting up an IT city in Lucknow and Agra from two private players - Bangalore-based Embassy Property Developers Limited and Lucknow-based entrepreneur Vivek Ladhani who has expressed a desire to set up an IT city on 100 acres of land on Kanpur Road.The government has also received, as part of the IT city endeavour, an investment proposal of Rs 1,500 crore from HCL technologies to build an IT city in Lucknow or Agra, where students graduating from engineering colleges will be trained and prepared for absorption in Tier I companies. Gupta said: HCL has proposed to pick up 20,000 such students, annually. A mechanism of stipend and residential facilities will be created for these students and they will be given the skills needed for the IT industry. They (HCL) have also given an assurance that 70% of the students will be hired internally or at other companies.'' Students will also be offered loans that can be repaid after their placement.Though the rest of the proposal appears to have been accepted in a meeting of HCL with the Chief Secretary and IIDC, the government of UP is yet to iron out issues relating to the debt burden that accrues as a result of the student loans.For the cohesive upgradation of the government IT systems, the government is also considering taking technical advise from IIT Kanpur, apart from technology majors TCS, HCL and Nasscom. As part of the new IT policy, the state government will also ensure that the National e-governance Programme portal goes live by July 1, 2012. A comprehensive data bank for this system will be readied for use by June 15, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12987596", "title": "Wary property dealers call for easy conversion", "text": "NEW DELHI: The ban imposed by the Delhi government on general power of attorney as a mode of property transfer, following a Supreme Court order, is expected to impact the entire property market. Property dealers say that while the ban was required to regularize property transactions, in the absence of a simple and clear procedure for converting leasehold property or property held under GPA into freehold, transactions may fall sharply, at least for a while.\"The move is right - that's how it should be. Property should not be transferred through power of attorney. However, along with this, the government should improve the process, the system of transfer so that people don't suffer. A majority of owners go for GPA because they don't have a choice. I think residential property will be hit the most,\" says Anshuman Magazine, chairman and MD, CBRE South Asia Pvt. Ltd.Commercial property owners are feeling the pinch as well. \"If the government does not come up with a correct formula for conversion of leasehold property into freehold, there'll be hardly any transactions in commercial blocks,\" says Alok Batra of Aakar Properties and Investments. He explains that conversion into freehold will be a hugely complicated affair in business districts such as Nehru Place, Bhikaji Cama Place and Connaught Place. \"You have to get the entire plot converted before you trying selling individual units. Who will get it converted? There can be disagreements about freehold conversion charges. There are a lot of technical issues,\" says Batra. \"They had made these provisions. If they withdraw them, how will transactions happen?\"Not everyone is worried however. Mahesh Gupta of Mukul Consultants Group welcomes the ban. \"Deals made via power of attorney involve black money. If someone sells his property for Rs 100 crore, he may show just Rs 2 crore in the sale deed. But in freehold property, they have to show at least the circle rate, which may be Rs 50 crore,\" he explains. In the case of older residential areas with individual plots, the process will be relatively simpler. \"The buyer can insist on the seller converting his property first,\" says Batra. \"It's unauthorized colonies that will be worst affected. It is there that maximum transfers through GPA take place,\" says real estate analyst Pradeep Mishra.Though the ban may deter property deals for a while, it will benefit property owners in the long run, feels realtor Nagesh Mahajan. \"Property has no value under power of attorney. One cannot get even a bank loan against it. Conversion gives owners all the legal documents they need,\" he says.Typically, if all papers are in order, conversion takes about three months. Reality though is different. Ashwani Singh Virk, proprietor, Jagson Realtors, says many properties are stuck in the conversion stage for several months. \"Government levies penalties on some commercial properties if the area is overcrowded or if part of the property is used for a purpose other than what is specified. These penalties can run into several lakhs and owners cannot get their properties converted without paying. Conversion also requires a complete chain of documentation and some older properties may not have every document.\"Dealers say the number of transactions through the now banned mode is appreciable. \"About a third of the deals we handle are via power of attorney,\" says Gupta. Ravinder Bakshi of BVM Infrastructure Pvt Ltd says business for his firm might decrease by as much as 20-30%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12987336", "title": "Additional charge to Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited CMD opposed", "text": "PUNE: NGO Sajag Nagrik Manch (SNM) has opposed the state's recent decision to put additional responsibility on R N Joshi, chairman and managing director (CMD) of the Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited (PMPML), saying that it would affect the functioning of transport utility.The government had said in its order that the PMPML CMD would be holding additional charge as Pimpri-Chinchwad municipal commissioner in absence of municipal commissioner Ashish Sharma, who is in Mussoorie for two-and-a-half months' administrative training.\"For nearly 30 months there was no full-time CMD for the transport utility. In recent times, Shirish Karle, Dilip Band and, now, Joshi Jhad some additional charges when they were working as PMPML CMD. This is one of the main reasons why the PMPML is going from bad to worse in case of service to commuters and overall performance,\" said Vivek Velankar and Jugal Rathi in a letter to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Thursday.PMPML is the only public transport available to 60 lakh citizens of Pune, Pimpri-Chinchwad and nearby areas, they added. \"The government should reconsider its decision and allow Joshi to focus on PMPML operations. It should not take any decision which would deteriorate the condition of the already pathetic public transport,\" Velankar and Rathi said.\"We request the state to appoint a full-time CMD for the PMPML and give him sufficient time to work In the past four years, the state has appointed eight CMDs but it has not helped the PMPML in any way,\" the SNM letter stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "balangir", "code": "12988333", "title": "5 Germans 'sneak into' Red area", "text": "BALANGIR: Barely two weeks after the state government heaved a sigh of relief following the end of the Italian hostage crisis, five German nationals have reportedly ventured into a Maoist-affected area in Balangir district without the administration's knowledge.Sources said the foreigners have been staying at Turla village in Patnagarh sub-division for the past 20 days. The five Germans - Mike, Amke, Sabine, Trina and Kristine - have visited the area five times in the last three years, the sources added.While Mike and Make are teachers, the others are students. They go to a nearby private school to teach everyday. \"The Germans are basically volunteers, who come here on their own interest to learn about cultivation and the teaching system in rural area. They love the local people and the culture here. They also teach us organic farming,\" said Ananta Putel, who owns the school.Putel said the foreigners knew that they were staying in a Maoist-affected region but were not afraid. Their movement, however, was restricted after recurrent rebel incidents. Putel added that he had first met the Germans in Pondicherry and became their close friend.The district administration said it was clueless about the Germans' entry into Balangir. \"We don't have any information about the foreigners' whereabouts. If they have been staying in Maoist-infested areas, they should inform the district administration or the nearest police station about their period of stay and movement\", said Balangir collector Sailendra Narayan Dey. He said he would direct police officials to locate the foreigners and examine their movement and security.Police officers, too, said they were not aware of the foreign nationals' presence. \"Had we been informed, we would have recorded their movement,\" said SDPO (Patnagarh) L N Panda. The area is sensitive and precautions should be taken in case of foreigners, he added.Sources said the fear of Maoists even kept politicians out of the area, especially Lathor, Bagdor, Tankapani, Chabripali, Turla and Sanbanjipali villages, during campaigning for this year's panchayat polls. In 2011, BJD leader Raj Kishor Panda, who was the nominee of Balangir MP Kalikesh Singhdeo, was killed by Maoists at Telenpali village. Earlier, a woman Maoist was killed during an encounter at Sanbanjipali village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12992439", "title": "Thadaiyara Thakka music launched", "text": "The audio of Thadaiyara Thakka starring Arun Vijay was released on Wednesday The movie's director Magizh Thirumeni, Arun Vijay, music composer Thaman and lyricist Madan Karky were present at the launch, sources said.The album has also brought back the magical combination of Thaman and LR Easwari after 'Kalasala' in 'Osthe'.The film directed by Magizh Thirumeni stars Arun Vijay, Mamta Mohandas , Salim Baig and Debi Datta. Sukumar has handled the camera.The film is supposed to be a thriller-suspense, featuring Arun Vijay in the role of a cab driver. Interestingly Arun Vijay has sung a song in his own voice.Says Arun Vijay, 'All has come good in the film. The director has given his best shot and Thadayara Thakka would be one to reckon wityh in my career'.The movie has some breathtaking stunt sequences, which Arun Vijay has done without a body double.SOurce: Cinesnacks.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12988581", "title": "Three senior cops shifted", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state home department shifted three top IPS officers on Thursday. The officers are Rajkot police commissioner Geetha Johri, Ahmedabad special commissioner (crime) Mohan Jha, and additional director general of police (inquiry) HP Singh.Sources said that the transfers took place after much deliberation. Johri, who has been Rajkot commissioner for more than three years, is on CBI radar for her role in Tulsiram Prajapati case. She has been transferred as managing director of Gujarat Police Housing Corporation Ltd, Gandhinagar.Singh is now the new Rajkot police commissioner.Jha, special commissioner (crime), Ahmedabad, was in the good books of the government before the submission of Ishrat Jahan fake encounter probe report. Jha was one of the members of Special Investigation Team (SIT) probing the case and the verdict that the encounter was indeed fake was given unanimously to the high court. Jha has been shifted to the post of additional director general of police (inquiry), Gandhinagar.Sources said that AK Sharma, joint commissioner of police (special), Ahmedabad, will take additional charge of city crime branch. Sharma, former head of state IB, is considered close to the government.15 GPS officers promoted to IPS cadreAhmedabad: In a big promotion move for the serving Gujarat Police Service (GPS) officers, a total of 15 officials were promoted to Indian Police Service (IPS) cadre on Thursday. The officers were already serving in capacity of superintendent of police or deputy commissioner of police at various places in the state.The promotees are VV Chaudhary, RS Bhagora, RJ Pagri, PL Mall, ML Ninama, PC Baranda, MS Bhabhor, GV Barot, RF Sangada, BR Pandor, MK Nayak, NN Chaudhary, AG Chauhan, RV Asari and KN Damor. NN Chaudhary and PC Baranda are posted as DCPs in Ahmedabad whereas RJ Pargi is superintendent, Sabamati Central Jail.\"As a norm, the state IPS cadres are filled up in 66:33 ratio, meaning 66 per cent direct recruits and 33 per cent promotee from the state. Promotions were due for a while for the GPS officers. As it is election year, the strengthened IPS ratio with the promotions will be a boon for the state police,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12988476", "title": "CM to attend National Counter-Terrorism Centre meet in Delhi", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa will leave for Delhi to take part in the chief ministers' meeting on May 5 being held to discuss the proposed National Counter-Terrorism Centre (NCTC).An official release said she will leave Chennai for New Delhi on May 5 morning to attend the meeting to be chaired by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh at Vigyan Bhavan and will return the same evening. Conceding to the demands of three chief ministers, including Jayalalithaa, the Centre decide to hold a separate meeting to discuss the setting up of the controversial NCTC, which has been stiffly opposed by several states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12988362", "title": "Workshop for Gujarat Technological University teachers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Technological University (GTU) has taken a serious note of the poor resulted posted by first semester diploma engineering students. Only 9,000 of the 45,000 students who appeared for the exams have passed. A workshop will be held for engineering teachers to discuss the areas where students are faring poorly and how to modify teaching so as to ensure that the academic performance of students improves.GTU vice-chancellor A K Aggrawal said, \"We will hold a workshop for teachers during June-July to improve teaching methods.\" GTU instituted a three-member committee to look into the question paper after the result revealed that most students had failed to clear maths. The committee concluded that of the 70 marks, questions worth 62 marks were easy and if the student had studied the syllabus attentively, it was easy to score.\"It has come to our notice that during a 90-day term, academic work is undertaken only for 40-45 days. The staff shortage is also acute in many colleges. This leads to a vicious cycle where the students do not attend lectures as there are not enough teachers to take regular lectures. This had led to a situation where the academics suffer,\" said GTU officials. tnnGujarat University exam controller appointed GTU registrarExamination controller of Gujarat University, J C Lilani has been appointed assistant registrar of the GTU. Lilani, who has a technical background, had applied for the position and got selected. GTU officials said that the recruitment for positions of two assistant registrars and three deputy registrars has been completed. The interviews are also over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12987496", "title": "College management can't appoint teachers: High court", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a decision that may affect thousands of teachers across the state, the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad high court on Thursday ruled that the management committee has no power to appoint assistant teachers or lecturers in management-run intermediate colleges.Justice Anil Kumar observed that it is unfortunate to find that in general the worst and most incapable people find their way into this profession. He said that as the management has no right to make such appointments against substantive vacancy or short-term vacancy subsequently converted into substantive vacancy on ad hoc basis, there is no illegality if the state authorities or district inspector of school do not pay salary to these teachers.A number of teachers have been working on the strength of interim orders obtained from the high court. The court thus said that since these teachers worked, and therefore were paid salary, and as such, the same shall not be recovered from them, but directed that the state authorities may recover the salaries paid to such teachers for long from management or any other responsible person of the intermediate colleges.The judge delivered the judgement on Thursday dismissing as many as 162 writ petitions. A number of similar petitions are still pending in the high court.While, dealing with the matter, the court had the prime issue to decide, as to whether management can appointment teachers, without the approval of the district inspector of school and without following the procedure laid down in the UP Intermediate Education Act, 1921 and UP Secondary Education Services Selection Board Act, 1982, as well as rules and regulations framed thereunder.\"Neither any selection committee would be held, nor selection has been made in accordance with the procedure,\" said the court. \"This court feels that the persons like the petitioner Dharmendra Kumar Singh, who with the help of management succeeded in drawing salary from the state exchequer without being appointed after following the statutory procedures prescribed must be put to terms,\" added the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12994240", "title": "Gaurav Khanna in Byah Hamari Bahu Ka", "text": "Popular television actor Gaurav Khanna, seen in serials like 'Kumkum',' Jeevan Saathi,' 'Meri Doli Tere Angana' and' Yeh Pyar Na Hoga Kam', has been roped in by Sony TV for their upcoming show 'Byah Hamari Bhau Ka'.Gaurav will play the male lead character and sources reveal that his character will be positive and optimistic. Benaf Dadachanji and Shrenu Parikh have also been finalized as the female lead characters in the serial.Sources reveal that other lead actors like Karan Wahi, Aditya Redij and Vishal Karwal were considered for the main lead. Incidentally, Gaurav's co-star Yami Gautam from 'Yeh Pyar Na Hoga Kam' has hit jack-pot with her recent hit 'Vicky Donor'. Will Gaurav will also follow in the footsteps of Yami or will he continue to stick to TV? It all depends on when and how Gaurav gets the big break!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12988130", "title": "Police to promote verification drive", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Taking a cue from recent loot cum brutal killing of a retired district judge and further establishing the role of domestic help apprehensive, the police on Thursday decided to promote domestic help verification drive among denizens.Claiming that a large number of immigrant servants and floating laboures, chowkidars, plumbers, electricians and other casual laboures come to city in search of employment and are being deployed by employers without verifications, police have decided to encourage denizens to come forward and get the credentials of their domestic helps assistants and maid servants verified .In the past one year, at least 17 such cases that included loot and thefts were unearthed where the involvement of domestic helps was established.Superintendent of police, City, shailesh kumar yadav said \" denizens should initiate corrective measures and deploy the domestic helps after verification\". He added that police are at their doorstep to verify the credentials of domestic helps employees'.SP also instructed his subordinates to take corrective measures at thana level and take prompt action as far as verification of credentials of domestic helps are concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12988618", "title": "Our hunt trapped Tiger: Gujarat Police", "text": "AHMEDABAD: There is much back-patting and celebration among senior police officials of the Gujarat Police. The final green signal to extradite Tiger Hanif is being seen as a personal victory by several top cops of the state.The reason is clear - the process to bring him back, which started in 1995, has finally borne fruit after 17 years. The state police officials had represented the case time and again to the British courts and met all conditions imposed by the British authorities. Sources said that Hanif's case can be considered one of the few extraditions from the UK to India.According to state police officials, Mohammed Hanif Umerji Patel alias Tiger Hanif, is one of the accused in the 1993 blasts cases in Surat. Blasts had taken place in Varachha and Surat railway station where an eight-year old girl died and 12 others were injured. In 1995, the Surat Police detected the case with the arrest of nine accused. It was revealed then that the blasts had been planned by underworld don Dawood Ibrahim with the help of the gang's Gujarat faction where Rasool Party and Tiger Hanif played a major role.\"Hanif was financier and planner for the operation. He even pointed locations where bombs should be planted,\" said a state police official involved with the case. \"Search for him was started but by then he had made a passport with a fake identity in Bharuch and left the country. No news was heard of him. In 2001, the state police started the process to put up a Red Corner Notice (RCN).\" In 2004, the RCN was issued by Interpol .The breakthrough came in 2009 when a UK constable served a notice to a grocery store employee in Bolton, Manchester , due to his similarity to Hanif. The man was soon identified as the blast accused. The Surat Police started the process of extradition in 2010.\"We hired a lawyer to represent the Gujarat Policeand were constantly in touch with the ministry of external affairs (MEA) and the Indian high commission in the UK,\" said the official. \"We produced the evidence against Hanif and filed affidavits by several IPS officers involved with the case, including Sudhir Sinha, Pravin Sinha, V K Gupta and others.\"Hanif appealed to the judiciary that he would not be safe in Gujarat prisons and he would be tortured. He also got an interim bail in 2011. The last straw came in the form of an inspection by medical authorities to ascertain living conditions in state prisons. Maninder Singh Pawar, the then deputy commissioner of police (crime), was appointed as the liaison officer. While the reviews were not very favourable, the case was very much back on track.\"Several officers, including Surat police commissioners Shivanad Jha and Raksh Asthana constantly monitored the case,\" said the official. \"It is a great achievement because, earlier, Indian investigating agencies had applied for extradition in cases of Nadeem and Iqbal Mirchi but nothing happened.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12987436", "title": "Apply for Lok Sabha tickets by May 31: Samajwadi Party", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Samajwadi Party has asked its party members to stake their claim for Lok Sabha ticket by May 31. According to party spokesperson, Rajendra Chaudhary, SP state president, Akhilesh Yadav has asked all party members to put forth their claim by the month end. \"This is being done to ensure right and timely selection of candidates for 2014 Lok Sabha polls,\" he said.The application for the ticket can be made on a set performa available in the party office. For this, the candidate will have to pay a fee of Rs 10,000, Chaudhary said. Samajwadi Party had been the first party to distribute tickets to its candidates, who contested UP assembly polls. This is also seen as a key reason for party's grand performance as it managed to achieve absolute majority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12988034", "title": "Uma Bharti spends birthday in Nagpur, meets RSS chief", "text": "NAGPUR: Senior BJP leader and former MP chief minister Uma Bharti spent most part of the day on Wednesday, her birthday, in the city. She visited the RSS headquarters and reportedly met with Sarsanghachalak Mohan Bhagwat for about two hours. This was her first visit to the city after the party's major drubbing in Uttar Pradesh state elections for which she was party's star campaigner.She reached Ravi Bhavan in Civil Lines much before sunrise and received birthday greetings from several friends and associates in the city. Around 9 am she went to the RSS headquarters and spent over two hours meeting the Sangh leaders. Later, she visited RSS ideologue M G Vaidya's residence in Congress Nagar to seek his blessings.Talking to mediapersons, Bharti reacted to the recent outbursts against members of Parliament by Ramdev Baba. The Yoga guru triggered a new row describing MPs as \"murderers, plunderers and rapists.\" Taking strong objection to the remark and its endorsement by anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare, Bharti gave them a sage advice: \"I would rather have Ramdev Baba and Hazare come out with better political alternatives. They can criticize MPs but can't condemn them and put them down.\"Referring to discordant voices among NDA constituents following BJP leader Sushma Swaraj's remarks on choice of presidential candidate, Bharti said it was too early to say there was a rift on the issue within NDA. \"The NDA leaders are yet to discuss the matter. Only after they meet, a consensus NDA candidate would emerge,\" she said.Strangely, Bharti also defended controversial spiritual leader Nirmal Baba and decried police action against him. \"It's always the Hindu spiritual leaders who become soft targets. Leader of no other religion is put to such public scrutiny,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12990000", "title": "Jilted lover from Indore jumps off Mumbai flyover, lands in jail", "text": "A 21-year-old 'jilted lover' from the city had a miraculous escape after an unsuccessful suicide bid in Mumbai early this week. The youth identified as Ghanshyam Nagar, a resident of Indore and was an employee at a city hotel, jumped off the Vakola flyover on the Western Express Highway in Mumbai early on Tuesday morning but landed on a car below injuring his jaw.The police arrested Nagar for his attempt and produced him before court. He has been remanded to 14 days' judicial custody.Nagar told the police that he used to work at a hotel in Indore and was in love with a Mumbai girl. \"He says he had come to Mumbai to commit suicide. He does not talk much and has told us nothing more than that,\" said an investigating officer.At about 2.30 am on Tuesday morning, Nagar first threw his bag full of clothes from the flyover on the stretch going towards Bandra. Seeing the bag fall, the driver of a passing red Toyota Altis, which belongs to a city hotel, stopped his vehicle and got off to see who had thrown it. To his horror, he saw the man jumped off the flyover and landed on top of his car. Its roof got dented in the impact.Despite being early hours, a crowd quickly gathered at the spot. A mobile unit of the Vakola police, which too was passing by at that moment, saw the crowd and went to investigate. Those gathered had by then brought Nagar down from atop the taxi. The beat constables took him to V N Desai Hospital in the vicinity, where he was treated for an injury to his jaw; he has not sustained any serious injuries.According to medical reports, Nagar was not drunk at the time of the incident.The police said that if the driver had not stopped his vehicle, the man would have certainly fallen to his death. \"Thankfully, the car did not have a carriage on its roof, or else the youth would have been severely injured,\" a police officer said.Nagar's family has been contacted in Indore and they will reach the city in two days. \"We are trying to get him to divulge more about himself and why he tried to commit suicide,\" said senior police inspector Rajendra Pardesi of Vakola police station. Nagar, though, continues to remain mum about his relationship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12988659", "title": "Dona Ganguly steals the show as \u2018Chitrangada\u2019", "text": "PATNA: Over 1500 connoisseurs of classical dance assembled at Rabindra Bhawan on Thursday to enjoy the performance of Dona Ganguly, who looked dazzling in her maroon costume and stole the show with her presentation of 'Chitrangada', a dance-drama written by Rabindranath Tagore.Twenty-one students of Dona's school, 'Diksha Manjari', performed along with her the dance drama to mark the 150th birth anniversary of Tagore.Dona, the eminent Odissi dancer and wife of cricketer Saurav Ganguly, mesmerized the audience who watched the dance-drama performed in Hindi. \"The male voice was narrated by Saurav himself. He was very cool while narrating the character 'Arjun' in Hindi,\" said Dona.She said it was a challenge for her to transform the Bengali 'Chtrangada' into Hindi. \"The words used in the drama are tough to translate exactly in other languages. It is difficult to deliver the same expression in other language,\" she said.Talking about her husband, she said Saurav has always been supportive. \"I was looking for a professional male voice to record the narration of 'Arjun'. Saurav offered me to do the recording by him and he did it perfectly,\" she said.\"This is my first visit to Patna and I found the people very nice and warm. It is like a home away from home,\" the dancer said. She was anxious, like any other wife, about her husband's performance on the field just before her performance on the stage. She asked the members of Rabindra Parishad to keep the TV on to watch the glimpses of the IPL-5 match between Team Pune and Mumbai.Dona was also accompanied by her daughter Sana, who played a deer in the dance-drama. \"We always can't accompany each other due to our prior engagements. But Sana watches every IPL match. I am also a bit worried as Sana enjoys both sports and dance. Only God knows what she will end up doing,\" a worried mother, Dona, said.Dona performed in Gaya three years back. She started her dancing classes under Amala Shankar but, later, fell in love with Odissi dance and took training under legendary Odissi danseuse Kelucharan Mahapatra. \"I am a dancer and will continue with my dancing. However, I have no ambitious plans for my dancing school. Diksha Manjari has sustained for long and I know it will,\" Dona added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12989281", "title": "Family history no clue to risk of breast cancer", "text": "NEW DELHI: No family history of breast cancer should not make Indian women aged 40-49 to stop yearly screening the disease.More than half the women aged 40-49 diagnosed with breast cancer on screening mammography report no family history, a new study shows. The study, conducted at Rochester of all breast cancers diagnosed between 2000 and 2010, found that 228 out of 373 cancers (61%) were found in women, aged 40-49 with no family history of breast cancer.\"Out of 211 women we looked at finally in this study, 135 (64%) who did not have a prior personal history of breast cancer or abnormal cells and had no family history of breast cancer, had the disease,\" said Stamatia Destounis, study's lead author.Screening mammography rate in India is abysmally low. WHO's latest World Health Statistics (WHS) said less than 5% women, aged 50-69 years, underwent screening by mammography in India between 2000-2003.Among women, breast cancer is the most common cause of cancer mortality, accounting for 16% of cancer deaths globally. \"Less than a quarter of women globally undergo breast cancer screening. In India, breast cancer is the most common form of cancer in women. One in 26 women in India are expected to be diagnosed with breast cancer in their lifetime,\" WHO said.Dr Bhavana Sirohi, breast cancer specialist said screening should actually start from age 45 on Indian women. \"Indian women attain menopause five years before the women in the West making the former more susceptible . That's why women in Indian should be screened from age 45.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12989390", "title": "French national arrested in Munnar for illegally staying in national park", "text": "KOCHI: The forest officials of Munnar wildlife division were in for a surprise on Thursday when they found a foreign national staying in a tent in the interiors of Anamudi Shola National Park where entry of people is totally restricted.French national Ludovic Rebillard, 44, was spotted by a team of forest officials who were conducting the annual census of Nilgiri Tahr at the park.Eravikulam wildlife warden P U Saju told ToI that the person was staying in a temporary tent inside the forest. He was arrested and presented before the Devikulam First Class Magistrate Court which remanded him in judicial custody. \"We have alerted the police about the incident. The accused carried all valid travel documents with him. He had a GPS-enabled mobile phone and a digital camera. We will check the photographs he has taken,\" the officer said.According to the forest official, the French citizen had come to Munnar on April 30. He came to Eravikulam National Park and sought permission to trek to Anamudi, the highest peak in the Western Ghats. \"Though he had persistently sought permission as it was his wish to trek to Anamudi, we did not give him permission. Later, he boarded a bus to Udumalpet and got down at Ettam Mile from where he entered the reserve forest.Officials said that he had trekked almost 15 to 20 km into the forest before being spotted by the forest officials. \"The accused had been surviving on a few packets of biscuits which he carried. We have registered a case against him for trespassing and staying inside the national park without permission,\" the officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12989227", "title": "Sukma collector Alex Paul Menon freed after 12 days", "text": "BHOPAL: The Maoists released Sukma district collector Alex Paul Menon on Thursday after holding him hostage in the forests of south Chhattisgarh for 12 days. Menon looked weary and frail as he emerged from the forests and reached Chintalnar in Sukma at dusk.Emerging out of the forest, Menon told reporters, \"I am okay. I want to speak to my family first. I will speak to you after a day.\" He thanked people for standing by him and his family during the crisis. \"I would like to thank the mediators from both sides, my state government, my chief minister, the chief secretary and all my seniors for the sincere effort they put in,\" he said.Soon after Menon's release, the state government fulfilled its promise to the Maoists by issuing an order constituting a review committee headed by former Madhya Pradesh chief secretary Nirmala Buch.The committee will review all cases of Maoists against whom probe or prosecution is pending. Chief secretary Sunil Kumar and director general of police Anil M Navaney are other members of the committee.Glued to the television set all day, Sukma collector Aled Paul Menon's wife Asha rode an emotional rollercoaster all through Thursday. Yet, in her first reaction to the media, she said, \"I am thankful to the state and central government for their efforts. If the government is willing, we have no problem if he continues to work in Sukma as he is popular with the tribals.\"There were celebrations at Menon's home in Tirunelveli and in Chennai where his in-laws live. \"I am happy as a parrot now that he has been let out of the cage,\" exclaimed Varadhas, Menon's father. He said he spent sleepless nights ever since his son was abducted. Relatives and family members distributed sweets and burst crackers. As news of his release came in, Sukma too erupted in joy with people setting off fireworks and distributing sweets.The countdown began since Thursday afternoon. Anxiety and suspense ran high as the sun set in the forests of south Chhattisgarh and there was no sign of Menon. A helicopter which had flown to Chintalnar to bring Menon home returned empty as there is an embargo on flying after sunset.Around 6.30pm, the collector arrived in a white Bolero in Chintalnar, three hours after he had been handed over by the Maoists to interlocutors Dr B D Sharma and Prof G Haragopal in the forests near Tadmetla. About 60km from Sukma, Tadmetla is known as the Maoist \"liberated zone\" along the Chhattisgarh-Andhra Pradesh border.The 32-year-old 2006 batch IAS officer from Tamil Nadu was then taken to the CRPF camp in Chintalnar. Around 6.55pm, he spoke to Chhattisgarh chief minister Raman Singh. They will meet on the chief minister's return from the meeting on National Counter Terrorism Centre in Delhi on Friday.Singh made it clear that the state would keep its word to Maoists. \"We will strictly go by the agreement. Nothing more, nothing less\", Raman Singh said while replying to a volley of questions about the possibility of the release of eight Maoists and others as demanded by the rebels.A Raipur court will on Friday hear the bail plea of Meena Choudhary, one of the nine leaders whose release Maoists demanded in exchange for Menon's freedom. Her lawyer Sadiq Ali moved the bail application in the court of additional sessions judge B P Verma on Thursday.Shantipriya, also named by the Maoists in their wish list, is likely to file a bail application in a day or two. The application could not be moved on Thursday as her relatives could not reach Raipur, a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12989022", "title": "Saving Ganga: Banaras Hindu University scientist to travel across Uttarakhand", "text": "VARANASI: While the Ganga Seva Abhiyanam is spearheading Save Ganga movement (Ganga Tapasya) to gather public support, Prof B D Tripathi of Banaras Hindu University , also an environmentalist, has taken up the task of building a network of environment experts and technocrats to mount pressure on policymakers.\"I have planned to visit different places in Uttarakhand from May 5 to May 17 for detailed analysis of Ganga waters with its head streams and their pollution/degradational sources,\" Tripathi told TOI on Thursday.\"The main purpose of the venture is to make a comprehensive and realistic report after taking first-hand account of the situation,\" said Tripathi, who is also an expert member of the National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA) and coordinator of Centre for Environmental Science and Technology, BHU.Starting his journey from Haridwar, Tripathi will take stock of Ganga Alaknanda and Bhagirathi visiting sites like Janki Chatti, Yamunotri, Gangotri, Uttarkashi, Chandrapuri, Hedarnath, Ukhimath, Badrinath and Joshimath. During his journey across Uttarakhand, he will conduct ecological study of the main streams of Ganga and meet NGOs and experts.\"I will forward the study report to the prime minister who chairs the NGRBA,\" Tripathi said, adding that efforts would be made to develop a network of environment experts and scientists and engineers to get some scientific solution for Ganga's problem. \"I just want to connect the scientist community with the issue of Ganga so that the holy river can be saved,\" he said.To note, Swami Gyan Swarup Sanand (noted environmentalist Prof G D Agrawal) has already taken up hunger strike on various occasions to draw the government's attention to the problem.Meanwhile, Rajendra Singh, popularly known as 'Waterman', who is also an active member of Ganga Seva Abhiyanam, arrived here from Jaipur to join the Save Ganga movement. He strongly advocated free flow of the rivers.\"When rivers flow in their natural state, soil fertility and productivity increase. The construction of dams in a hilly terrain involves deforestation,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12981570", "title": "The Diamond Jubilee of Queen Elizabeth II celebrated in Delhi", "text": "The Diamond Jubilee of Queen Elizabeth II was marked by the presence of her son, Andrew, the Duke of York, at a reception held at the British high commissioner James Bevan's residence in Delhi.Marking the 60th anniversary of the accession of Queen Elizabeth II to the throne, 2012 will see celebrations across the globe.After an hour of delay and anticipation, the Duke took to the stage to announce the Queen's diamond jubilee. \"The Queen's jubilee is a major event for the United Kingdom and the Queen has been insistent that it not just includes people from the United Kingdom, but this jubilee be also seen as her service to the Commonwealth and dominion countries. She came to India in 1961 when I was one and I am delighted to be here,\" he said.Bevan said, \"The Duke is a great friend of India and not many know this but he visits the country very often.\" Pictures documenting the queen's previous visits to India were also displayed here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12988322", "title": "Centre for Environmental Planning and Technology to host workshop on Gujarat woodcraft", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Centre for Environmental Planning and Technology (CEPT) University will be hosting a workshop on the woodcraft of Gujarat from May 28 to June 10. The 15-day workshop will be organized by Design Innovation and Craft Resource Centre (DICRC) at CEPT.It is based on the structures experimented and developed during the earlier workshops. The exercise will focus on different types of woodcraft practised in Gujarat like wood carving, wood inlay, wood turning and lacquer, and wood working.Those people who are involved in craft and design including facilitators, subject experts and partners can take part in the workshop. Craftsmen and participants will work together in various groups on specific projects as part of the workshop. Projects will mainly deal with spatial design applications. Each group will be assigned specific sites and will be required to come up with various craft-design explorations. The groups will be encouraged to relate their works to development of interior architecture elements and components.Core idea of the arrangement is to amalgamate skills and knowledge of various types of participants and allow them to explore together.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12987776", "title": "84 electronic eyes to monitor high court security", "text": "BANGALORE: The high-risk Karnataka high court building is being sanitized. The security of the red structure will be under the 'eyes' of 84 close circuit television cameras and surveillance ones.Work is under progress for installing these devices all around the high court: junction points along corridors, association halls, entry and exit points (gates), vantage points, porticos, etc. Surveillance cameras will be installed outside the building.\"The wires have already been laid and cameras are being installed. This process, in all likelihood, will be completed before May 21, when the high court resumes its normal sittings after a month-long summer vacation,'' officials told TOI .The cameras are high-resolution ones, costing over Rs 75,000 per unit. A monitoring room is being readied where inputs received from these cameras are processed and assessed.Karnataka State Police Housing Corporation is installing these cameras as part of beefing up security in the building which is just across the seats of power, Vidhana Soudha and Vikasa Soudha.The process of strengthening security gained importance after the December 13, 2001 attack on Parliament House in New Delhi. Following that, security checkposts were first set up in 2005. A couple of years later, iron railings around both the buildings were fixed.Bomb blasts outside the court premises in Lucknow and Delhi (last September) hastened the process. Following this, metal detectors and hand-held metal detector devices were provided to police on duty at the high court.Apart from security measures, new display board panels have been put in place at the high court .The new system replaces the old display boards with LCD display panels and has flexibility in customizingwhat is shown. Advocates and litigants now can see the passed-over cases (if the case is passed over and taken up later in the day) along with the current case being heard in neighbouring court halls. Information on the currently heard cases are already available to people on the high court website (http://karnatakajudiciary.kar.nic.in) and through SMS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12988899", "title": "150 cabbies fined in two days for breaking rules", "text": "NASHIK: Even as the heat is building upon autorickshaw drivers to ply by meter, cabbies are already facing a tough time at the hands of the traffic cops, with over 150 cabbies being fined for seating more than the permitted number of passengers or operating without valid documents.Traffic cops said that a taxi driver who fled the scene during a check-up drive was later nabbed and sent to court for not having requisite documents in the vehicle. The court slapped him with a fine of Rs 8,500. While action against over-seating in taxis is continuous, during the past few days the traffic cops have specially focused on them, taking into account the season of weddings and rising incidents of petty accidents.Sources from the traffic department said that on Tuesday and Wednesday, action was taken against 84 taxis and the total fines collected amounted to Rs 14,400. Similarly, on April 29, 57 cabbies faced action for over-seating passengers and not carrying the requisite documents, and fines totalling Rs 12,200 were collected. Meanwhile, on April 30, the traffic department collected fines worth Rs 4,200 from 26 taxis.Police inspector Pravin Kulkarni of the traffic police department said a large number of cabbies operate from Nashik to places like Trimbakeshwar, Ghoti, Sinnar and Kasara. Some have permission to carry five passengers, and some, at the most six. However, taxi drivers are found carrying over 10 passengers on an average. He said instead of stealing passengers from the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation's (MSRTC) bus services by competing with their fare, the taxis could hike their fares and carry the permissible number of passengers safely, than offering passengers cheap fare and thereby risking their lives.Sources from the traffic department said continuous action will be taken against cabs found with more than the permissible seats or operating without requisite documents. They also said that in some cases, the concerned taxi drivers are simply sent to court, which not only is a waste of their time and business, but also means that the court-ordered fine they pay is almost three times what they have to pay as a compromise fee.Meanwhile, a group of taxi drivers also paid a visit to the traffic police, urging the cops to be lenient in the action taken against them, taking into account the rising rates of fuel. However, they were asked to ply as per traffic norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12989053", "title": "Forged letter rattles Kolkata Municipal Corporation, minister", "text": "KOLKATA: A 'perfectly forged letter' has triggered a flutter in senior levels of the administration as it would have led to a massive, unsanctioned change in civic policy.Thankfully, municipal commissioner Arnab Roy spotted a technical discrepancy and raised the alarm. The letterhead and stamp looked so genuine that it was impossible to spot the forgery, say sources.The letter reached Roy at his office in the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) headquarters on Wednesday. It was in the official letterhead of Debasis Sen, principal secretary to the urban development department, and was 'signed' by Anup Banerjee, joint secretary of the department.It informed Roy that urban development minister Firhad Hakim wants that co-owners of any undivided premises be allowed to pay their share of property tax dues if they wanted to. This would have given ownership rights to whoever paid the tax. Under the current rule, KMC cannot order apportionment of a premises in favour of a co-owner without a registered deed.Roy first took the letter very seriously but wondered why it was sent by the urban development department rather than the municipal affairs department. His suspicions rising he called municipal secretary Alapan Bandopadhyay to inquire about the letter.A shocked Bandopadhyay rushed to Hakim's chamber with the letter. When the minister asked Debasis Sen about it, he was taken aback and denied writing any such letter. Sen immediately informed the Bidhannagar police and asked them to track down the sender.\"I am deeply concerned about the letter. If my office can be used like this by a person completely unknown to me, what else is in store? I am surprised to see the memo number and the drafting. I need to be very cautious,\" Sen told TOI on Thursday.The letter, a copy of which is with TOI, shows that even the rubber stamp of Anup Banerjee, joint secretary to the urban development department, has been expertly duplicated.Some officials in the KMC assessment department are all the more worried by the fraud as dealt with a change in the basic policy of the civic body. The letter starts with an observation that it \"has come to the notice of the urban development department\" that property tax is being defaulted in a large number of undivided coparcenary buildings with multiple co-owners, as some of the co-owners willing to pay taxes are not allowed to do so because KMC insists on registered partition deeds.Municipal commissioner Arnab Roy said that the civic body would be vigilant since the letter seemed to be the handiwork of professional crooks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12992600", "title": "India exerts its magic in 'The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel'", "text": "A quirky batch of British senior citizens decide to outsource their golden years to India in the charming and poignant comedy \" The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel.\" But when they get there, they find the actual hotel - a ramshackle, ancient building run by the ambitious, but naive, Sonny Kapoor (Dev Patel) - bears little resemblance to the deluxe accommodations in the brochure.Dev Patel and newcomer Tena Desae join Judi Dench , Maggie Smith , Tom Wilkinson , Bill Nighy and other acclaimed British actors in the film, which was shot in location in Rajasthan. The Fox Searchlight release has a script by Ol Parker, based on the novel \"These Foolish Things\" by Deborah Moggach. It opens May 4.Directed by John Madden , whose 1998 film \"Shakespeare in Love\" won the Academy Award for Best Picture, \"The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel\" presents India as seen through foreign eyes - and while the film spotlights the stereotypes about the country and its culture, it never falls prey to cliches. Indeed, some of its most lighthearted love scenes, as Sonny pursues a comely call center operator (Tena Desae), will fondly bring to mind Bollywood farce.\"We explored different areas of India, and settled on Jaipur because the culture, the colors and the atmosphere are all so overpowering and oozing with energy, especially compared to the drab English winter our characters have left behind,\" producer Graham Broadbent said in a statement.Scenes in the Marigold Hotel were shot in Ravla Khempur, a royal palace-turned equestrian hotel that is attached to the tiny village of Khempur just outside Udaipur. Madden, a first-time visitor to India, knew he had to keep things as authentic as possible with the film.\"I kept describing every aspect of the story to my Indian cast. I spent a lot of time recruiting the cast and auditioning them, working with an Indian casting director,\" he told us by phone on April 20 from New York . The casting director, Seher Latif, has helped to cast Indian roles in \"Eat, Pray, Love,\" the original film version of \"Outsourced,\" \"Bollywood Hero\" and Kathryn Bigelow's \"Zero Dark Thirty,\" now in production in India. \"I would say, 'What am I getting right, and what am I getting wrong?' They kept me true,\" he explained.\"Any story that takes a bird's eye view of a culture, you have to be aware of that. As with all stereotypes, even British stereotypes,\" he said with a laugh, \"there's always a reason those become the stereotypes. The way I think you try to avoid the stereotypes is by giving three dimensions to the characters that you're depicting. That's what we tried to do.\"Of course it helps when you have actors of the caliber of Dame Judy Dench, a 10-time BAFTA winner, six-time Oscar nominee and Oscar winner for 'Best Supporting Actress' in \"Shakespeare in Love.\"Dench plays Evelyn, a bereaved and financially stranded widow who is surprised to find that she embraces the adventures she finds in India. Or Dame Maggie Smith, whose credits include an unforgettable turn in \"Downton Abbey\" on PBS, major roles in the \"Harry Potter\" series and decades of award-winning work on stage and film. Smith plays an abrasive, bigoted working class British woman whose only plan is to get a cheap hip replacement in India. At the Marigold Hotel, she finds an unlikely ally in a Dalit cleaning woman.In one of the film's most moving subplots, one of the British men seeks out his Indian male lover from decades ago (a small, but intense, role played by TV and film star Rajendra Gupta). \"That story is a not-unfamiliar one. But homosexuality has been an unmentionable subject in Indian life until recently, when laws were passed about it and so forth; and so that was a way of shining a light on that part of the story, which was interesting to me,\" said Madden.Dev Patel, born and bred in England, is aptly cast as Sonny, all gangly arms and legs and energy, and despite not being born in India, proves himself to be absolutely the right man for the role. Dench said in a statement: \"He's a born comedian, and he has the assurance of someone who has been doing this for a long, long time. We were all bewitched by him.\" \"Dev had been around the project when another director was attached to the film, before I came on,\" said Madden.\"At the time, I didn't know Dev except for his work on 'Skins,'\" Madden continued. \"I hadn't yet seen 'Slumdog Millionaire.' The casting of that part was very crucial to me, and I was skeptical about it, to be quite honest. There was also another Indian actor we were considering, whose name escapes me. But he completely claimed the part. He just had every possible quality that the part needed.\"Sonny's love interest, Sunaina, is played by Tena Desae. In a separate interview with India-West, Desae explained that when she auditioned for the film, she didn't even know what she was auditioning for.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12988924", "title": "Schools see a window in high court directive to increase fees", "text": "MADURAI: The judgment staying the fee structure of the Ravirajapandian Committee has cheered private schools in Madurai though the correspondents were cautious not to comment until they studied the entire judgment thoroughly.\"We have been struggling to prove our point that the fees for any school should be fixed based on the projected revenue, allowing the marginal surplus of 15% for development of the institution. The high court judgment has proved our logic right. We expect the review committee going to study all 400 schools to work with the same spirit,\" a correspondent of a school who did not want to be named said. His school was one among the 400 schools which went for the appeal. \"It will be too early to comment at this point as we need to go through the judgment of the high court,\" another correspondent of a renowned school in the city said.M C Abilash, secretary of the Madurai Matriculation Schools Association, said the judgment had indeed brought cheer to schools that were struggling to meet ends with the fee structure fixed by Ravirajapandian Committee. \"We were not able to offer various extra activities for children although parents were asking for them. With inflation soaring every year, many schools were indeed struggling to operate. The judgment has come as the breather,\" he said.Though not all schools have appealed for a revision, the judgment will be a guideline for other schools as well since the fees will be revised after three years as mentioned by the committee. \"The efforts taken by the state government to provide quality education are really appreciable and we feel the judgment is a breakthrough,\" Abilash said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12989375", "title": "Co-operative flat owners frowning", "text": "NEW DELHI: C K Rejimon, a resident of Dwarka, says that around 300 societies in the area don't have a completion certificate yet. \"In such a scenario, how can owners get a clear sale deed without resorting to a general power of attorney,\" exclaims Rejimon. The Supreme Court order that came out in October has already impacted property prices in Dwarka, with rates going down. The circular by the Delhi government that came out earlier this week is the final nail in the coffin for many, say local property dealers.Mukesh Singh, a broker operating in Dwarka, says, \"All DDA units are leasehold properties. These need to be converted to freehold before they can be registered. However, a large amount of owners in co-operative housing societies are GPA owners. All of them will be impacted by this order.\" Singh says that while many have converted to freehold over the past few years, a sizeable number still have GPA.Rejimon says that the SC order has already resulted in cancelled deals. \"In Navsansad Vihar in Sector 22, for instance, a man had to cancel the deal as he couldn't get a loan. The GPA was not recognized by the bank, so he ended up cancelling his purchase,\" says Rejimon.\"Without freehold, you cannot execute sale deed unless you take permission from DDA. And while granting that permission, they charge 'un-earned increase',\" says Amit Gupta, an advocate specializing in property matters. \"In case of conversion of societal flat into freehold, DDA first insists on completion certificates. In the absence of completion certificates, they insist on D-forms. If those are also not available, house tax assessment papers, along with electricity connection, can be used for conversion.\" He adds that DDA had announced a policy according to which they permitted sale through agreement to sell and GPA in place of sale deed. \"On the basis of such transfers, they even converted property into freehold in the name of the purchaser,\" he says.Now, the complete ban on sale-purchase of leased property has left flat-owners with two options - conversion or applying to the DDA for permission to sell upon payment of \"un-earned increase\" which, he says, is a \"hefty amount\".Anshuman Magazine of CBRE South Asia , an international property consultancy, says that in many cases, owners have no choice but to use GPA to transfer. He referred to cases where buyers have bought flats, believing that the developer will eventually procure a completion certificate. If the developer fails to get one, the flats bought will not be freehold and the buyers - now owners - will not be able to transfer them. In these situations, owners have had to use GPA. \"I feel this will affect the residential market more. There are a lot of people buying apartments and into housing societies now,\" adds Magazine.GPA-based sale transactions have been the norm in Delhi for some time now. It was only in September 2001 that DDA made it mandatory for GPA to be a registered document for the property to be mutated. Conversion to freehold, or mutation, becomes a necessity for registering the property, and selling it off later on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12989535", "title": "Four last-ball losses hurt us: Darren Lehmann", "text": "CHENNAI: Shepherding a side that has been avalanched by defeats is no easy task. Team Hyderabad coach Darren Lehmann knows this too well. After six losses from nine matches, TOI catches up with the Aussie to find out what has gone wrong so far.Excerpts:This season hasn't turned out the way you would have liked it to. Languishing at the bottom of the points tally must be difficult.Yes, things haven't really gone our way this time. Success and defeat are part of the game. It's about how you deal with them. As professionals, everyone in the side understands it. Rather than brooding over the defeats, it's important to pick ourselves up and move ahead.What do you think went wrong this time around?Firstly, I think our fielding has been an area of concern. Shoddy fielding let us down in many matches. Also, we've had four last-ball games which we lost. Those were matches that we could have won. I think the rub of the green didn't go our way.How has Ishant Sharma's absence affected the side?When one of your finest bowlers is out of action, it surely is a big blow for the side. So it goes without saying that things would have probably been different had Ishant been around.Barring a couple, you don't really have too many star players in your side. Does that work against you?No. I don't think it really matters who plays. Had those four matches gone our way we would have been somewhere near the top. Then you would have probably been asking me how the side ticks without star players.Pune is the only side you have won against so far this season, both home and away.It's not because Pune are a bad side, but just that we batted and bowled well in both the games. In T20, it's all about perform or perish.What preparations do you have in place ahead of your Chennai encounter?Taking on the two-time champions should be interesting. They are a great side with some amazing players. Dhoni is probably the best skipper they could have asked for. We need to work hard on all fronts, especially fielding if we have to beat them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12988746", "title": "Bid to break senior police officers' 'nexus' with aides", "text": "MUMBAI: In a bid to break the alleged nexus between senior police officers and their readers, city police commissioner Arup Patnaik has ordered the transfer of all readers who have spent more time in the offices of additional commissioners and higher-ranking cops than what was stipulated.There have been allegations that readers, working for a specific officer, have not been transferred for over 6-7 years. For instance, a reader in the Mumbai police has worked for five commissioners for more than nine years.Confirming that there was an order to transfer readers who overstayed their tenure, an additional commissioner of police said: \"The commissioner has not asked us to remove the readers but to transfer them and put them on rotation. Sometimes, a reader works at one place for more than 6-7 years and does not get field experience. This decision has been taken so that the readers can get field experience and learn how to handle the law and order situations, besides detecting and preventing crimes.\"In most cases, a reader is aware of all the important decisions taken by the senior officer he works with.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12988771", "title": "BEST shocker: Loose wire kills youth at Mumbai bus stop", "text": "MUMBAI: A 21-year-old man was electrocuted when a live wire dangling from a BEST bus stop advertising hoarding made contact with the metal seat he was sitting on, killing him almost instantly. The incident took place around 12.15am on Thursday at the Chhota Durgah bus stop in Mahim. The victim, Karim Shakil Shaikh, was not even leaning on the pillar from which the live wire was dangling, said eyewitnesses. \"We believe the live wire was touching the metal seat when Shaikh sat on it. The metal acted as a conductor, and killed him instantly,\" said a police official.As news of the youth's death spread , a mob of locals vented their ire and destroyed 12 bus stops in the area, before the police stepped in.BEST general manager Om Prakash Gupta said: \"Electricity supply to all advertising hoardings at bus stops is automatically switched off at midnight. Each bus stop hoarding has a timer. If electricity supply was still available at the Mahim bus stop after 12am, then the wires must have been tampered with,\" he said.Both the police and the BEST have launched separate investigations into death. BEST has refused to take responsibility for Shaikh's death saying that the onus of maintaining the bus stops and adhering to safety norms is on the contractor who is responsible for the advertisements.They are also looking into whether it is a case of sabotage. \"It is prima facie an accident. We are probing the incident to find out whether Shaikh died because of negligence on the part of the advertising contractor (Prithvi Associates) or if it was a sabotage,\" said Gupta, adding that that preliminary investigations reveal the wires had been \"tampered with\". The contractor was unavailable for comment.The Mahim police has charged \"whoever is responsible for the death\" under Section 304 (A) of the IPC (causing death due to negligence), the maximum punishment for which is two years' imprisonment. But no arrests have been made. \"We will make the arrests after collecting evidence and on completing the probe,\" said Mahim police senior inspector Dashrat Patil.Two eyewitnesses, including Salim Mohuiddin Sayyed (31), rushed Shaikh to Bhabha Hospital where he was declared dead before admission. The incident occurred hardly half a kilometre away from Mahim police station. Shaikh was a daily-wage worker and lived with his mother and three elder brothers. In his complaint filed with the police, one of his brothers, Salim, said: \"My brother leaves our hutment (in Mahim) around 7pm every day, and returns home at midnight or the next day morning. On Wednesday he left the house at the same time but he never returned home Thursday. He was killed because of the negligence of the authorities.\"Assistant inspector Bhagwan Kadam said: \"We are waiting for the technical expert's report before initiating action.\"Meanwhile, the police arrested a Mahim resident Fahad Ansari (22), and booked 15 others for vandalizing bus stops in the area and have also charged them with rioting. On Thursday, when TOI visited the vandalized bus stops in Mahim, many commuters were seen to be reluctant to step into the bus stop after learning about the previous night's incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12990045", "title": "Perk up, good monsoon on course likely", "text": "BHOPAL: At a time when many areas in the state reel under water shortage, it is sure to come as music to ears. Monsoon is expected to be good and on time this year.Meteorological department, Bhopal circle director DP Dubey said, \"Every time normal monsoon is predicted for the country, the state received average rains. It can be said monsoon would be average this year as well. The picture would get clearer in the regional forecast expected by the month end,\" he added.He said 99 cm of rain is considered the normal for the state and 109 cm for Bhopal.The expected arrival date of monsoon in the state that receives rainfall from the southwest monsoon is June 12. Thereafter, rain clouds dissipate over a large area, covering the entire state within a week's time. For the past several years, officials said, monsoon got delayed by a week for the past several years. A proposal of changing the official onset date of the monsoon from June 12-13 to June 19-20 is also being mulled over by the Met department.Even if the monsoon hits the state by June 20, residents of Bhopal need not worry about potable water needs since the municipal body has repeatedly confirmed that the Upper Lake and Kolar dam have enough water to continue with the daily water supply till August.A fairly big area in the state has been reeling under acute water crisis and this would be pleasant news for the people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12989246", "title": "World Bank funds for national highway diverted to realty projects?", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Thursday said it was not against an investigation by the CBI into allegations of fraud by Progressive Construction Ltd (PCL) in a World Bank-funded national highway project. Highways minister C P Joshi told Rajya Sabha that this could be done only when the multilateral agency establishes wrongdoing.\"Once the World Bank is satisfied it is fraudulent, we will get it investigated by any agency,\" Joshi said in response to a question.Records accessed by TOI show that World Bank's Institutional Integrity Unit has asked the government to seek help or evidence from the agency to prove the alleged \"fraudulent and corrupt\" practices by the private contractor. The report alleged that PCL and a joint venture of PCL-MVR, which were engaged in four stretches on the Lucknow-Muzaffarpur national highway funded by the Bank, had submitted \"false details\" and \"fake invoices\" showing utilization of funds that they had initially received as advance. The World Bank loan for the project is $620 million (over Rs 3,000 crore at current exchange rate).Based on the papers submitted by the contractor, further advances known as \"second stage mobilization advance\" were given and, in two cases, PCL had allegedly diverted a portion of this to real estate projects in India and abroad.The report also alleged that the private firm doled out gifts and favours to NHAI, ministry officials and supervision consultants besides \"sundry cash payments\" to them which was at least Rs 2.23 crore.Despite several attempts, PCL could not be reached for comment. The phone number listed on its website did not elicit any response.The World Bank report said there was evidence of PLC utilizing the second stage mobilization advance of Rs 14.64 crore \"to cover encashed bank guarantee for its Qatar Cultural Village project\". In another case, the PCL-MVR JV allegedly paid Rs 26.84 crore to Kurup UP Buildings, Jaya Projects, Vijaya Bhavani Construction Pvt Ltd and Rangaraya Construction Pvt.Further, the report alleged that contractors had submitted false details of invoices of at least Rs 17.5 crore. Most of the invoices related to cement, bitumen and transportation of workers, material and machinery.Joshi told Rajya Sabha that the ministry has set up a committee under the special secretary and financial advisor to investigate the case. Sources said a committee of engineers from the ministry and NHAI has already submitted its report.\"While sanctioning and releasing of second stage mobilization amount (5% of the project cost), due procedures were followed. The utilization of initial advance amount was forwarded by the supervision consultant and the records were certified by the chartered accountants concerned. We can't say anything on diversion of cash from the company, which the bank might have found. The bank could have found it from the contractors' accounts details,\" said a member of the committee of engineers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12988855", "title": "Sea of humanity watches gods take to the city streets", "text": "MADURAI: Lakhs of people thronged the streets of Madurai to witness the concluding ceremony (car festival) of the annual Chithirai festival of the Sri Meenakshi Sundareswarar temple early in the morning on Thursday.The 10-day festival began with the flag hoisting on April 23 and the celestial wedding was held on Wednesday. As part of the car festival, the deities are taken in two ancient temple cars along the Chithirai streets in Madurai. Lord Sundareswarar and his consort Piriyavidai were brought to the bigger car at about 5 am, followed by Goddess Meenakshi in the smaller car. The bigger car went through a sea of people, who vied with each other to touch the ropes of the car as it is considered auspicious.Unlike the other years, the car of goddess Meenakshi was moved only after about an hour as a precautionary measure, in view of the accidents connected to temple cars in the past few days. People lined the streets from early morning and made offerings of camphor, flowers and jaggery to the deities throughout the car journey. The temple camels led the procession followed by the other deities in front of the car of Lord Sundareswarar.Police, PWD and TNEB officials inspected the entire route on Wednesday night as part of the preparations. The streets were re-laid for this year's car festival by the Madurai corporation. Ambulances and fire engines were stationed near the route.On Thursday evening, the goddess, god and his consort were all taken in the same vehicle (sapthavarna sappram) around the Masi streets and the streets of Madurai became alive again with the festivities. Throughout the Chithirai festival, the god and goddess are taken in separate vehicles, with Lord Sundareswarar being accompanied by his consort Piriyavidhai.It is only in the evening of the car festival that all three deities are taken in the same vehicle. \"It is believed that witnessing this procession will relieve one of all sins committed by him,\" said S Sundaram, a retired professor. Traffic diversions had been made in the city in view of the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12988998", "title": "Parents of raped, killed teenage girl seek justice", "text": "KANPUR: Parents of 17-year-old Maya have little hope of getting justice. About a fortnight ago, their teenaged daughter was gang raped, brutally murdered and her body set on fire allegedly by the attackers.They say that investigators have been shielding the perpetrators of heinous crime from day one.Surprisingly, the Qayamganj Kotwali police under which the shocking incident took place, have till date not even lodged a complaint in the gruesome incident.Sugriv Singh's teenage daughter Maya (name changed) was gang-raped and murdered and later her body was allegedly set on fire by the accused on the outskirts of the village. The incident took place during the wee hours of April 14, in their house in Jirau village under the limits of Qayamganj police station in Farrukhabad district.\"My daughter Maya had gone to see a 'nautanki' in the village. After some time, she returned home and went to sleep inside her room on the ground floor of the house. I along with my wife and children was sleeping on the roof of the house. Early next morning, when my wife came down, she found Sadhna murdered,\" said Sugriv.The girl's parents claimed that her clothes were disturbed and the body bore strangulation marks on the neck besides deep scratch wounds on other vital parts.The victim's father further alleged that soon six suspected youths, Neetu, Ankit, Gopal, Hari Om, Manoj and Dheeraj Saxena, who live in their neighbourhood, arrived on the scene and forcibly took the body into their possession. They then took it to the outskirts of the village and set it on fire.\"The suspects sprinkled diesel on her body and set it on fire so as to destroy the evidences as they were afraid of being caught,\" said Sugriv.He alleged that the police have even replaced their original application with a duplicate one, that according to him was a part of the same set of blank papers on which her wife Meena Devi was forcibly asked to give a thumb impression by the Circle Officer of Mohhamdabad who had held her captive for nearly four hours on April 20 for procuring the signature.The application was in fact handed over to the inspector Kotwali, Qayamganj, Vijay Bahadur Singh on April 21.\"As soon as additional superintendent of police, Farrukhabad, O P Singh, was apprised about the incident, the police were on their toes. But later only god knows what happened to the investigators. Now they even don't want to see us, what to say about complaint,\" says Meena Devi, the distraught mother of the victim. \"We no longer have any hope left of the police or any other agency nabbing the accused who so heinously killed our daughter.\"Sugriv says the police initially tried their utmost to solve the case but no more for now. \"Though two weeks have passed since the incident, the loss of our daughter still leaves us in pain every time we think of her.\"The girl's parents had even met state home guards minister Narendra Singh Yadav, who assured them of justice. \"Just giving assurances will not bring back my daughter. We want some action against the real perpetrators of crime,\" says Sugriv.He says that the accused are still roaming free and have been continuously threatening us not to report the incident to anyone. \"They have been warning us with the same fate, which our minor daughter had met,\" Sugriv says. \"They were following me everywhere, threatening me and asking me to withdraw the case. Police are doing nothing, knowing well that I am being threatened by the accused,\" he added.However, senior police officials of the district denied the allegation.\"There was no inaction on the police's side and we will investigate the matter. We would go through the allegations levelled by the complainant against the accused,\" said, additional SP O P Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12987538", "title": "Calling 108 may have saved Mohit", "text": "BANGALORE: Had a member of the Gowda family called 108, the number for Arogya Kavacha, the emergency ambulance service started by the Karnataka government specifically for crises like road accidents on Wednesday morning, the story of 6-year-old Mohit may have ended differently. The little boy battled for his life but succumbed to his injuries.Family members, who were also injured when their car hit a median and pole on the airport road and overturned, were in pain and grief and didn't call an ambulance but waited for passers-by to help them.The free service was started by the Karnataka government in 2008 as a public-private partnership with GVK EMRI. Its main objective is to provide a comprehensive, free emergency response service to an individual in need of medical aid through a single integrated number (108). The service operates 24x7 and 365 days. The fleet of 517 ambulances is manned by emergency medicine trained personnel (EMT) and first responder trained driver. The service was made available across all 30 districts of Karnataka over three years ago.SS Parveez, head, marketing, GVK EMRI told TOI: \"Our ambulance reaches the spot within 20-30 minutes after receiving a call. But, on Wednesday morning, we didn't receive any call from that location (near Chikkajala Fort, Bellary Road).\"When TOI asked the Gowda family about it, Mohit's aunt Uma S said: \"We didn't have the presence of mind to call an ambulance. We tried to stop passing vehicles for help, but none of them were kind enough to take the child to a nearby hospital. Finally, a Tempo Traveller stopped and helped us reach hospital, but it was too late by then.\"In the 108 service, after reaching the location, EMTs are assisted by on-call emergency physicians from the Emergency Response Centre who provide expert advice. \"We also have telemedicine technology wherein an ECG can be taken and transmitted from the ambulance to our Emergency Response Center while en route to hospital for interpretation and guidance on appropriate pre-hospital care to patients with cardiac illnesses,\" said Sridhar BN, COO, GVK EMRI, Karnataka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12987726", "title": "SNDT University to declare results in record time", "text": "MUMBAI: The SNDT University will declare the TYBCom results on Friday, 25 days since the conduct of the examination, and the TYBA results on Monday.Close to 2,700 and 4,800 candidates appeared for the commerce and arts exams, respectively. \"We have created a record by declaring the results before the stipulated time,\" said vice chancellor Vasudha Kamat.\"Of the 477 teachers who are empanelled as examiners, only 17 could not participate in the assessment.\" The university will declare the results of the BCA and the BSc home science programmes on May 9. \"We reduced the time between moderation and data entry by placing computers in every assessment room. So, as soon as a paper got corrected and moderated, the marks were entered in the computer for the marksheet,\" Kamat added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12989153", "title": "Three ex-PSU officials held in Rs 464-crore export scam", "text": "KOLKATA: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Wednesday rounded up three former officials of Metal and Scrap Trading Corporation (MSTC) - a public sector undertaking - in connection with the Rs 464-crore export scam. All three officials, who are based in Kolkata, were remanded to CBI custody till May 10 on Thursday.CBI spokesperson said that a special team from Anti Corruption Branch of Mumbai rounded up former chairman and managing director of MSTC, Moloy Sengupta, former chief general manager Tapas Basu and insurance consultant S K Sinha. While Basu and Sengupta were rounded up from the city, Sinha was arrested in Delhi. MSTC has their main office in central Kolkata.CBI officers said that all three were involved in a multi-crore fraud related to export of gold to a UAE-based concern in 2006. The investigators said that six private exporters - Ushma Jewellery and Packaging Export Pvt Ltd, Space Mercantile Company Pvt Ltd, K A Malle Pharmaceutical Company Ltd, Joshi Bullion and Gems Jewellery Pvt Ltd, Bond Gems Pvt Ltd and Indo Bonito Multinational Pvt Ltd - had submitted forged documents to MSTC to get 80% of the export value released.The officials allegedly were aware of the entire forgery and abusing their position in the company, accepted the forged documents which incurred Rs 464 crore loss.The scam came to light during an audit of Pen Co-Operative Bank. The probe revealed that the bank had purchased the fake bill from the exporters and helped the fraudsters to swindle the money. Earlier, CBI had rounded up six persons in connection with the case including Sishir Dharkar, the then chairman of the bank, his wife Gul Raihana Omer, a Bahrain-based woman, Prem Kumar Sharma, former adviser of the bank and consultant Rohis Ahmed. Joyesh Desai, the associate and consignee of the export, was also rounded upfollowing the arrests of the bank officials.Probe revealed that the amount swindled from MSTC was used to buy property. CBI team arrived in Kolkata on April 27. After tracking Bose and Sengupta closely, the investigators managed to extract several fresh clues and believed to have seized some important documents which led to the confirmation that the officials were involved in the scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12990150", "title": "How babus bent rules to sell sugar mills for a song", "text": "LUCKNOW: When you have a cartel of bidders and a government working in consort, what you get is a total rip-off. That's the story of the sugar mill sale in UP: a Rs 1,200-crore loot. You will be surprised at how the system was subverted at different stages and several mills handed over to liquor baron Ponty Chadha who paid peanuts for them. Worse, all this happened under the close watch of a core group of secretaries for disinvestment, headed by the then chief secretary, A K Gupta, with eight other principal secretaries on board.Just look at how the whole process unfolded. In 2007-08, the Mayawati government went in for an evaluation of the sugar mills, which formed the basis of its expected price. In 2008, biddings took place, but the bids fell far short of expectations. So, what does the government do? It goes in for a re-evaluation of the mills. Predictably, the valuation comes down, by about 30%, and so does the expected price. The next step is even more bizarre. This is 2009 and the markets are down and the government appears in a tearing hurry to sell the mills before the cane crushing season begins.The core group decides, going by the 2008 bid experience, there is little point in a fresh bidding process where it's thrown open to all. Instead, it chooses the Swiss Challenge Method. To put it simply, this is a process where if say, Bidder A, shows interest in buying a sugar mill, for instance, the government invites tenders from others, but Bidder A gets an opportunity to match the highest bidder. He, basically, has the right of first refusal. Now, having brought this into play, a further relaxation was arranged. It was decided that even if the highest bids were lower than the expected price, the mills would still be sold, provided the bid was at least 50% of the expected price. Then came the stunning decision. The core group decided to disclose the expected price. At a July 22, 2009 meeting (minutes of which are with TOI), the core group said this should be done keeping the present market conditions in mind and also for the sake of transparency. Now, if you disclose the expected price to a cartel and limit bidders and the bidders know that 50% of the expected price is what it will sell for anyway, what do you get? Simple. The cartel bids much lower than the expected price and walks away with the booty. Just compare this with what would have happened normally. Had different bidders been in the fray, they would not have been aware of the expected price, and would have competed to outbid each other. And the government could well have got much more than the expected price.The core group of bureaucrats violated all norms while selling off 21 sugar mills of the state. First, this group turned a blind eye to the fact that a cartel led by Ponty Chadha was operating. Second, it made the job easier for the cartel by disclosing what they were expecting from the mill sale. And third, arbitrarily decided that the mills will be sold even if the highest bid is only 50% of the expected price. This points to a clear collusion.Having first recommended that the expected price be disclosed to the bidders, the core group on August 14, 2009 asked the sugar department to get this cleared by the Cabinet at the earliest. The Cabinet duly cleared this on August 27, 2009. After that, it was smooth sailing for Ponty Chadha.The CAG has taken serious exception to these lapses. It has said that as per guidelines, the reserve price should not be fixed by the government before the bidders submit bids, so that there's no chance of the bidders knowing the reserve price. At the same time, while fixing the reserve price, the government should not have the knowledge of the price bids. This is necessary not only for value maximisation and preventing leakage, but also to ensure fairness and transparency in process.But, \"upon request from 10 bidders, the government agencies informed the expected price to them on August 26, 2009, for which consent from the government was taken a day after\", the CAG report states. \"The explanation given was that this was done in view of the then global economic recession. This was not sufficient reason to deviate from accepted guidelines in respect of the disinvestment process. The relaxations cumulatively and singly amounted to gross breach of public trust. High officials were delinquent and in collusion with the private parties siphoned off the resources and assets owned by the people.\"As per the CAG report, because of the disclosure of expected price, bids received by the private companies were in the exact range of applicability. The bidding was done strategically. On paper, it appeared that there were several bidders but the in reality there were two cartels and Indian Potash Ltd (IPL), a company under the control of the government of India, in the fray. The two cartels filed bids for five and 10 mills respectively.IPL filed bids for six mills. Only IPL's bids were higher than the expected price.As a result, the CAG report pointed out, 14 of the 21 mills were sold for less than the expected price.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12987518", "title": "Eight women pickpockets land in CISF net", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CISF apprehended eight female pickpockets from the Delhi Metro during a special drive on Thursday.Around 11.45am, a team of women security personnel in plain clothes, apprehended the women from Metro trains.The accused were all in the age-group of 14-40 years. They were taken to the CISF unit at the Kashmere Gate Metro station from where they were handed over to the DMRC security unit at Shastri Park.The drive was conducted after some women passengers had complained of their purses being stolen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12989013", "title": "Kolkata's test of loyalty: Dada or SRK?", "text": "KOLKATA: The lure of the Blue has split the Purple bastion into two. Friends have turned into foes. Forty eight hours are still to go for Team Kolkata to lock horns with Sourav Ganguly-led Team Pune, but the city is already torn between the magic of Dada and the loyalty towards the home team and the charm of its owner, Shah Rukh Khan .Be it Ganguly's alma mater St Xavier's Collegiate School, his locality Behala or the night clubs, restaurants, malls and para clubs, the rhetoric is getting louder by the day. The Xavier's community has armed itself with T-shirts and caps of Team Pune. To them, Sourav is synonymous to Kolkata when it comes to cricket. Many of them, both present students and alumni, would be at the Eden Gardens on Saturday to witness the \"nerve-wrecking\" game. A large number of pro-Sourav and pro-Kolkata teams have automatically popped up among students and they are even indulging in friendly bets sans money. So you have the likes of Kabir Chopra, Aditya Malpani and Aarav Vyas, all second-year students who would be wearing Sourav's colours at the Eden Gardens.\"Some students have home theatres and have invited like-minded friends over. On Saturday, some extremely close friends will turn into foes,\" laughs Anasuya Banerjee, an alumnus of the college who is organising a do at her place. Then there are some like Firdausul Hasan, the secretary of the college alumni association who is feeling divided within. \"While my heart would support Sourav the player and the man, my conscience and brain would support Kolkata. I am in a fix!\" he admits.Night clubs and restaurants are cashing in on the frenzy by keeping the fight alive. If you walk into the restaurants at The Park, you can not only watch the match live and cheer your favourite team, you can also order platters designed after the two teams. So a Sourav fan will have to order the Pune Warriors platter that will have Ragda Patties and Ghoda Masala Jhinga. A Kolkata fan, on the other hand, can gorge on Posti Vada, Chingri Cutlet and Keema Singara. Bridge - the restaurant - is promoting its cuisine for Saturday's match by calling it a celebration of \"complimenting contrasts.\" Special arrangements have been made for watching the match at lounges like Someplace Else and nighclubs like Tantra, with neat packages of beer to cool heated emotions.At the temporary homestead of the two teams - the ITC Sonar - efforts are on to keep tempers as jovial as possible with a special screening of the match accompanied by a gala spread endorsed by the respective players.On the streets, the pavement outside Grand Hotel, Gariahat and Hatibagan have been literally converted into \"IPL zones\", with T-shirts and other sports gear featuring the two warring teams flying off fast. At Maidan Market, while the purple jersey of Kolkata costs anything between Rs 60 and Rs 550, jerseys of Team Pune are priced lower - from Rs 50 to Rs 280. \"People are buying these in bulk and these are not retailers, but fans who are stocking up for themselves and friends for the match on Saturday. Some are even going to carry jerseys to sell at the Eden Gardens,\" said a shopkeeper. \"Normally, I would have sold only Kolkata jerseys but thanks to Sourav this time I am making brisk business by selling Pune jerseys too!\" said another shopkeeper, who looked happy with the development. The most expensive jerseys, costing Rs 450, is already out of stock.It's not just the youths and the cricket buffs who are going crazy over the Saturday match. Celebrities from across the society and of all age have blocked three hours of Saturday evening to witness the fight. Take for example painter Jogen Chowdhury. He will not only watch the match till the last ball, he has cancelled all appointments for it. \"I become emotional when Sourav plays because he is our icon whereas Team Kolkata has Kolkata only as part of its name,\" he said. Author Sirshendu Mukherjee is feeling helpless to select a particular team. \"Sourav is emotion, sentiment, sympathy and nostalgia combined in one. So one part of me will support Sourav while the other half of me will support Kolkata because that is expected of me,\" Mukherjee said.Film director Srijit Mukherjee admits that he is not a big IPL fan but will be part of Saturday's clash and support Kolkata. \"I am a big Sourav fan too and I want him to give an outstanding performance. Imagine my predicament!\" he exclaimed. However, film director Ashok Viswanathan will whole-heartedly support Sourav. \"I want Team Pune to win this match because Sourav is captaining it. He has gracefully led the team so far.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12992003", "title": "Bringing Lahore to Madh for Teri Meri Kahaani", "text": "Pakistan isn't safe to shoot films any longer. Mira Nair , after shooting her project The Reluctant Fundamentalist in Lahore for four days had to recreate the city in New Delhi.Academy Award winning filmmaker Kathryn Bigelow for her next film on Osama Bin Laden chose to create Abbotabad in Chandigarh. And now we hear that even Indian filmmakers are resorting to creating Pakistan in the Indian heartland. Kunal Kohli along with his art director Munish Sappal spent 45 long days to create the village of Sargona (near Lahore) in Mumbai's favourite weekend retreat Madh Island.Kohli, who wanted to leave no stone unturned for his film Teri Meri Kahaani, had to create a backdrop of 1910 Pakistan. And so, with 250 workers and his art director, took up an impossible task of recreating the century old village of Sargona.\"The whole idea was to have the right feel. It is a Muslim village, so we had to have this big dargah. I also wanted to change the cliche of everyone wearing white in the pre-independence era. So we added a lot of colours. Every single prop on the sets had to be specially created. We couldn't buy those things from anywhere. Be it the lanterns, the kullad matkis or the walls - we had to make everything look like it would in 1910,\" said Kohli.And then they shot on the man made village in Pakistan for 25 days. Here's hoping that the hard work pays off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12989655", "title": "Karnataka Bank aims at 25% business growth", "text": "MANGALORE: The city-based Karnataka Bank Ltd has envisaged a business growth of 25 per cent during the current financial year. The bank aims at reaching a business turnover of Rs 65,000 crore, said P Jayarama Bhat, MD and CEO of the bank addressing the bank's regional heads' annual business conference here on Wednesday.\"The global economy has not gained the required momentum yet as a result India's GDP is moderately projected at 7.30 per cent for 2012-13. To give an impetus to the investment activity, the Reserve Bank of India has changed the repo rate and marginal standing facility (MSF) rates which have given the required liquidity to the system. This has resulted in lowering of lending rates,\" Jayarama Bhat said.The uptick in gross domestic product growth during this fiscal is expected to be driven by a robust services sector growth, and the bank should be prepared to cash on this growth, he added.The bank's priority will be on retail segment with focus on CASA deposits by adding one million new clients and retail lending by concentrating on agricultural advances, MSME advances, gold loans etc. He advised regional heads to closely monitor credit portfolio in view of volatility in the market so as to keep up the health of advances and to avoid any slippage to NPA. Underlining the need for branches to consolidate business to sustain the growth and focus on rendering top class service to its customers, Jayarama Bhat said the bank has planned to open 50 new branches and 100 ATMs. The bank is also committed to implementing the financial inclusion plan as per RBI/GOI guidelines by opening new branches in allocated villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12987743", "title": "My wicket was crucial but we should have got 121: Ganguly", "text": "PUNE: Describing his wicket as the turning point of the match, Pune Warriors captain Sourav Ganguly on Thursday said that his side should have overwhelmed the 121-run target set by Mumbai Indians in their Indian Premier League match.Set to chase Mumbai's modest total of 120 for nine, Pune lost wickets at the top, and it took a 47-run fifth-wicket stand between Ganguly (16) and Mithun Manhas (42 not out) to keep the home team in the hunt.But just when it was time to capitalise on the partnership, Ganguly was cleaned up a brilliant Lasith Malinga in the last ball of the 17th over.\"It was not an easy wicket, the ball did not come on to the bat. But we should have got to 120. We lost a few wickets early. When I got out was the turning point of the game,\" said a visibly disappointed Ganguly after the match.Victorious skipper Harbhajan Singh lauded his bowlers and fielders for putting up a gritty display in the face of adversity.\"The pitch was slow, low and it was difficult to play your strokes. We did not expect the pitch to play this way, bowlers would love to bowl here. Our bowlers did a great job,\" he said.Man-of-the-Match Lasith Malinga said pressure is not something which is new to him.\"I am used to pressure, whatever I do during the training session, I try to apply it on the field. I know my field and I bowl accordingly,\" the Sri Lankan said about his two for 25-run spell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new dehli", "code": "12993990", "title": "Supreme Court to hear Chisti's plea to visit Pakistan, seeks Centre's reply", "text": "NEW DEHLI: The Supreme Court on Friday agreed to hear Pakistani scientist Mohammed Khalil Chisti's plea to visit his country and sought the Centre's response to it.The bench headed by Justice P Sathasivam posted the matter for hearing on Monday and asked the Centre to respond to the Pakistani microbiologist's plea by then.The eighty-year-old ailing Pakistani scientist had been granted bail on April 9. Held guilty in a 20-year-old murder case, he had been serving life term in a Rajasthan's Ajmer jail.The SC had granted bail to Chisti on humanitarian grounds, considering his old age and the fact that he has been in India since 1992 after a murder case was lodged against him when he came to visit Ajmer to see his ailing mother.Chisti had come to see his mother in 1992 when he got embroiled in a brawl, and, in the ensuing melee, one of his neighbours was shot dead while his nephew got injured.Born in Ajmer to a prosperous family of caretakers of the Khwaja Moinuddin Chisti shrine, Chisti was studying in Pakistan at the time of partition in 1947 and chose to stay there.(Inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12988919", "title": "Labour department files cases against 127 firms", "text": "TRICHY: Labour department officials filed cases against 127 commercial establishments including hotels and shops during surprise raids conducted on May day in Trichy and Pudukkottai district.According to S Sundararaj, inspector of labours, Trichy and Pudhukkottai, they conducted raids in more than 300 shops and hotels in the two districts. Of these, 127 commercial establishments including 116 shops and hotels and 11 transport corporations were found to have violated the labour laws by not declaring a holiday on May day. Cases were slapped against all of them under the Labour Act.Sundararaj said that establishments should comply with labour laws and declare holiday on four national holidays, namely, May day, Independence day, Republic day and Gandhi Jayanti. In absence of this, they were required to give either a substituted holiday or double wages. There are different types of forms according to the business for this purpose and the forms should be submitted to the inspector of labours one day in advance, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12987412", "title": "Equity MFs lure investors with dividend", "text": "With lacklustre sales and uncertain equity markets hitting investors hard, equity mutual funds (MFs) are doling out dividends to sustain interest. There has been a flurry of dividend announcements with as many as six schemes declaring payouts in the past 10 days.Equity MFs started offering dividends following the market recovery in January-March. But with funds yet to recoup the losses they suffered in 2011, the quantum of dividends has come down sharply in most schemes. The sensex slumped 25% last year as high interest rates and input costs dented profits of companies amidst an uncertain global environment.While small and mid-cap funds have gained 20.3% so far in 2012, diversified equity MFs and large and mid-cap funds have advanced by 15% and 14%, respectively. This has given equity funds an opportunity to distribute the profits and attract investors.Despite the market rebound, sales from equity schemes came at Rs 10,728 crore in January-March this year - 36.8% lower than the same period last year as wary local investors kept off the rally fuelled by heavy buying from foreign institutional investors (FIIs). \"Mutual funds are throwing some profits back to investors,\" a senior official with a leading fund house said. \"It is a defensive strategy. It would help in stopping investors from making an exit.\" Abhinav Angirish, founder of investonline.in, an investment advisory service, also said, \"This (dividend) is an attempt to win back investors.\"Fund houses pay dividends to investors in equity schemes at least once a year. Dividend announcements usually gather steam at the close of the financial year. A large number of equity funds declare payouts during this period to sustain the interest of existing investors and gain the confidence of prospective clients. But dividends and the number of funds offering them dropped in the beginning of the payouts season as it came immediately after the huge drop in equity markets.The payout rate, like their peers in other categories, was much lower than last year. Many funds gave high dividends, though markets were choppy, to lure investors. As a result, their net asset values came down sharply. This prompted market regulator Sebi to stipulate in 2010 that dividends should be offered only from actual realized gains and not from the unit premium reserve. This had a sobering effect on payouts with the quantum of dividend dropping when the market conditions turned bad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12987905", "title": "Private schools in a fix on seats for underprivileged children", "text": "BANGALORE: With the education department saying that all unaided schools will have to set aside 25% seats to underprivileged children and a new admission calendar for admissions 2012 set to roll out in the next two days, private unaided schools are in a fix.With majority of them almost done with their admissions for class 2012, rescheduling the admissions will mean a mammoth task. But ignoring the government's directive would mean violating the SC order on the 25% quota.\"Coming up with extra space to accommodate the additional 25% will be a Herculean task for schools that have completed their admission process. Moreover, search for teachers will be tough as there is a shortage of trained teachers,'' said MA Khan, principal, KK Khan School.With less than a month left for schools to reopen, updating the infrastructure at such short notice is impossible, say principals who preferred anonymity. Now there is a new admission calendar. We need to redo the entire list or increase the intake. It's going to be a mess,'' said the principal of a reputed school.According to the old calendar, the first list had to be out by Thursday. But with the government notifying the rules late this year, the admission time had gone past. It has to issue fresh guidelines now. The circular dated May 1 says that all schools can announce only 75% of the seats in the admit list. The rest 25% should be filled by enrolling underprivileged students.\"Every class has a sanctioned intake of 40. In case the intake is beyond this, the school will have to split the classroom into different sections,\" explained S Krishna Iyer, secretary general, Associated Managements of Primary and Secondary Schools in Karnataka.KUSMA that has 1,800 schools under it has decided to go for a review petition in the Supreme Court. \"Most of our schools have completed their admission process. Therefore, we cannot reserve 25% for this academic year. We don't get government funds. Who will provide us with extra infrastructure? Why should we bear the burden? We will not increase our intake,\" said VRN Reddy, vice-president, KUSMA (Karnataka Unaided Schools Managements Association).NEIGHBOURHOOD SCHOOLSOn Thursday, the education department issued another circular asking block education officers and officials concerned to get the list of all the primary and higher primary schools that children in that residential unit can go to. According to the Act, a primary school child should have access to a school within 1 km and a higher primary child in 3km limit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12989512", "title": "Calicut University breached its powers in land deals: Former V-C", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Former Calicut University vice-chancellor KKN Kurup has said that the allotment of land to private trusts by the varsity was a grave mistake on the part of the vice-chancellor and the Syndicate.Speaking to mediapersons on the sidelines of a press conference here on Thursday, Kurup said both the V-C and the Syndicate had transgressed their powers by allotting varsity land to private trusts.\"What has happened is the biggest mistake from the part of university in its history. The university land cannot be given away to someone by the V-C or the syndicate under the terms of an MoU,\" he said.Kurup said while the university had allotted land to establish chairs before, the practice of providing land to private trusts was unheard of.\"The university had allotted land to EMS Chair and Chair for Islamic Studies and Research, when I was the V-C. But those decisions were taken after due process and approval from all concerned authorities. But in the recent controversial land deals, the university authorities acted in excess of their powers,\" he said.He said it is for the chancellor to take steps to bring out the truth behind the controversial deals.Later speaking at the 'Save University Meeting' organized by the Students Islamic Organization (SIO) at the varsity premises Kurup said the activities of the university should be submitted to a social auditing.The university authorities should put an end to their anti-democratic actions and take steps to grant the right of students, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12988403", "title": "Power shutdown tomorrow", "text": "CHENNAI: Power supply will be suspended in the following areas on Saturday between 9am and 5.30pm for maintenance work.Sowcarpet West: Ramanujam Street, Vinayaga Muthali Street, Thambinayakan Street, Muniyappa Street, Kothaval Chavadi, Errabalu Street, Mannady, Wall Tax Road, wood warf Street, Amman koil Street, Telegraph Abbai Street, North Wall Road, Annapillai Street, Palliappan Street, Mullaha Sahib Street, Perumal Mudhali Street, Narayana Mudhali Street, Muthaiah Street, Goodown Street, Govindhappa Street, Mint Street, Thulasingam Street, Periya Naicken Street, Chinna Naicken Street, NSC Bose Road, General Muthaiah Street, TV Basin Street, PKG, Thandavarayan Street, Arunachalam Street, Thirupalli Street, KN Agraharam, Layor Chinna Thambi Street, KN Tank Road, Petha Naicken Street, Iron Manga Street, Kalyanapuram Housing Board, Jatkapuram, Kanthappa Street, Murukappa Street, Ela Kanthappa Street, Edayapalayam, Ponnappan Street, Vengatrayan Street, Ramanan Road, Audhiyappa Street, Vaikunda Vaithiyar Street, Kalathipillai Street, Irulappan Street, Elephant Gate Street, Chandrappa Street, Ayya Mudhali Street, Basin Water works Street, Kalyanapuram.Anna Salai: Bootha Perumal Koil Street, Perumal Mudali Street, EB link Road, Kalyani contraction, Cosmopolitan club, Devi Theater Complex, Gee Gee Complex, Kasthuri buildings, Santhi Theater Complex, Srilekha RMG Complex, Dinrose Estate Complex, 69 Ana Salai, Part of Anna Salai, SVS club building and others, Central bank of India, 804, Anna Salai Complex, AVA Towers building, Elliash Road, State Bank of India, Jammu and Kashmir Bank, 787, Anna Salai Royala Towers building Complex, Kalyani Constration building, Part of GP Road, Boobegam Street, KGN Road, Mohandoss Road, Bardar Thottam, State Bank of India (IFL Branch), Thakurkas Chatram building, Velders Street, State Bank Street, Byranjan Bahedur 1, 11 lanes, Arumugam Street, GP Road, Addition (RMG) company, Pachayappa Trush building, LIC building Complex, Rajyok contractioin, Prince Kushal Towers Complex, GP Road, Gowtham Towers, Wellington Plaza Complex, Boo Begum Street, Border Thorram, LGN Road, Begum Sahib Street, GP lane, Gopal dass Road, VN doss Street, Mohandoss Road, Subarayan Street, Subedhral first Street, Syed Abdullah Street, Samy Achari Street, Nainiyaapan Street, Bangaru Naicken Street, Kuppu Muthu Street, Wallers Road, Dams Road, Karim Mohideen Streets 1 to 5, Tarapore Towers, Dhun building, Saradas Silkks and Emporium, head PO at Anna Salai, (opposite Shanthi theater), Anna Road HPO office, Blackers Road, Bata Show room, Dams Road Telephone Exchange.Menambedu: Gangai nagar, Chenguttuvan nagar, Oragadam, Chandrasekarapuram, Gnanamoorthy nagar, Karukku, Vijayalakshmi puram, Banu nagar, Pudur, Part of Red Hills Road, Kallikuppam, Menambedu, Prithivipakkam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12988186", "title": "Contractor 'violated' CRZ norms", "text": "MUMBAI: Two days after three brothers drowned in a trench, residents of Kapadia Nagar and Khuraiya Estate in Kurla (W) said they will against the civic body for not taking their February 21 complaint seriously. They said a right to information (RTI) query had revealed that the contractor had violated coastal regulatory zone (CRZ-1) norms and did not follow safety measures while starting the project.In the complaint drafted to the metropolitan commissioner, project director of the Mithi river, they demanded adequate measures like barricades and security guards at the project site. \"No safety measures were followed then, and today it's the same. If a barricade had been put up, the incident would not have occurred,\" Nasibullah Khan, who learned about the violation through RTI, said.Over 30 residents had launched a signature campaign on February 21 and it was attached with the complaint and RTI copy submitted to government agencies, but no action was taken. \"I decided to get information through RTI when debris and soil were dumped into the river that passes from Kapadia Nagar. After noticing foul play, we approached the contractor on October 10, 2010, but they were unable to produce documents on clearance from the ministry of environment and forest to carry out the work,\" said Khan.Another resident, Ibrahim Khan, said they had warned the authorities three months ago to secure the work site.The civic body maintained that security was the contractor's responsibility. \"A show-cause notice has been issued to the contractor. If we find security lapses, action will be taken. Preliminary reports suggest security measures were in place,\" a senior civic official from the storm waters department said.Mohan Adtani, additional municipal commissioner, said, \"We will have to look into the complaint.\" At this point of time, we do not have any information about the complaint.\"Finding discrepancies the RTI was filed and took legal advice. \"Our lawyer said that provisions of said CRZ Notification dated 19/02/1991 do not permit any such construction activities in CRZ-I area. It is thus clear that those incharge of the project are continuously committing the cognizable offences and have violated the rules,\" said Khan. He said the MoEF after noting the violation had directed the Coastal Zone Management Authority (CZMA) to identify the violations within four months from January 1, 2011. However the matter went on extended and so far nothing have taken place,\" he said.\"We have rescued over five children in the last year who have fallen into the trench,\" he said.The residents were annoyed at the civic authorities, who did not took the matter seriously and considered to visit the victims parents home at Mehboob Chawl in Kalina.MMRDA officials said the area was not under their jurisdiction.Contractor heldThe Kurla police on Thursday arrested contractor Sunil Upadhyay (40), a Vakola resident, for causing death due to negligence. Upadhyay was produced before court and has been remanded to custody till Friday. He got the contract of building the retaining wall in 2007, but he did not put standard security measures in place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12989745", "title": "DMK cries foul, says will boycott Pudukottai bypoll", "text": "CHENNAI: The DMK has announced its decision to boycott the Pudukottai byelection, saying that there are bound to be irregularities in the conduct of the bypoll. With the principal opposition in the assembly, Vijayakanth's DMDK, also in a dilemma about contesting the byelection, Pudukottai could well be a cakewalk for the ruling AIADMK.With its alliance partner, the DMK, deciding not to contest the byelection, the Congress is unlikely to jump into the fray. The CPI too has announced it would not field a candidate after its erstwhile electoral ally, the AIADMK, decided to contest the seat. The CPI, the PMK and the VCK too have announced that they will not field candidates in Pudukottai. The CPM is meeting on May 6 to decide its strategy, but it is likely to go along with the DMDK's decision considering the two parties were allies for the civic polls last year. The byelection is being held following the death of CPI MLA S P Muthukumaran in a road accident.DMK chief M Karunanidhi said his party decided to boycott the June 12 byelection as the opposition candidates were unlikely to get justice from the Election Commission. \"The poll date has been announced after consultations between the AIADMK and few persons in the EC,\" he told reporters. He was replying to a question on whether the EC had taken action on reports of alleged irregularities by the AIADMK.He further added that AIADMK government had announced Rs 50 crore package for Pudukottai municipality, two days before the poll schedule was announced. \"Opposition parties contesting the byelection will not get justice from the EC and hence DMK has decided to boycott the election,\" Karunanidhi said.Party sources said during discussions with the party's Pudukottai district functionaries, Karunanidhi had conveyed that he was not keen on fielding a candidate for the bypoll. Though the DMK functionaries in Pudukottai wanted to take on the challenge of contesting it, Karunanidhi reportedly advised cadres to preserve their energies for Lok Sabha electionsAccusing the AIADMK of misusing government machinery, some DMDK leaders have expressed the view that the entire opposition should boycott the byelection to highlight the issue. DMDK president Vijayakanth was, however, non-committal when reporters raised the question in Trichy on Wednesday. The AIADMK, which began preparations in the constituency long ago, expanded its byelection working group from 43 to 52.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12989137", "title": "Navy-free Dabolim can meet all needs: Alina Saldanha", "text": "PANAJI: Reiterating that her late husband Matanhy \"always fought for the retention of Dabolim airport for civilian use\", Alina Saldanha in a press note has stated that if the Navy was asked to vacate the airport and this is achieved \"Dabolim will be able to cater to all the aviation needs of Goa\".Alina recently joined the BJP which has declared that it will go ahead with the international airport at Mopa.\"From the beginning, well before the idea of Mopa airport was conceived, Matanhy is on record demanding that Dabolim airport be restored to 100% civilian use as it was during Goa's pre-Liberation period. This objective would be fulfilled if the Navy was asked to vacate the airport,\" states Alina.She stresses that the need of the hour is for all Goans to unite and fight for Matanhy's primary cause... by getting the Navy to shift to the Sea Bird naval base at Karwar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "the buzz and excitement surrounding jhalaak dikhala jaa 5 is already causing a frenzy amongst tv audiences. sources reveal that the much loved and adorable power packed laughter bomb bharti singh along with comedian and anchor manish paul will be seen in the latest season of the dancing show. and the icing on the cake will be the dancing diva of bollywood", "code": "12991773", "title": "Madhuri Dixit does a Meena Kumari!", "text": "The buzz and excitement surrounding Jhalaak Dikhala Jaa 5 is already causing a frenzy amongst TV audiences. Sources reveal that the much loved and adorable power packed laughter bomb Bharti Singh along with comedian and anchor Manish Paul will be seen in the latest season of the dancing show. And the icing on the cake will be the dancing diva of Bollywood: Madhuri Dixit who will set the screen on fire with her special dance tribute to yesteryear actresses.Starting with the queen of tragedy Meena Kumari, Madhuri will perform a mujra on Kumari's popular song: Thade Rahiyo from Pakeezah. Dressed in a pink anarkali for this special promo, Madhuri will re-create the Pakeezah magic with the same intensity, pain and grace that Meena Kumari did in the film.Sources also reveal that apart from the Pakeezah number, Madhuri will also dance to other old melodies.We are sure that Madhuri's charm and her 1000 watt smile will do wonders for Colors TV in their race to top the TRP chart!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12992508", "title": "Kerala, TN allowed to get copies of report on Mullaperiyar Dam", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court today permitted Kerala and Tamil Nadu to get copies of the report submitted by the monitoring committee on the Mullaperiyar Dam row.A five-judge constitution bench of the court headed by Justice D K Jain, while permitting the two warring states to get copies of the report in a sealed cover, posted the matter for further hearing to July 23.Senior counsel Harish Salve and Rajiv Dhawan, both appearing for Kerala, today told the bench that the state was willing to evolve a \"political consensus\" on the vexed dam issued.\"Both states should sit together and evolve a political consensus on the issue,\" the counsel told the bench which responded by saying, \"We can only wish and hope\".The Empowered Committee, set up by the apex court in February 2010 to look into all aspects of dam, had submitted its report to the apex court in a sealed cover on April 25.The five-member committee headed by former Chief Justice of India A S Anand, which had finalised the report, is understood to have focused on all aspects of the 119-year-old dam including its safety.There has been tension between the two states over the safety of the dam. While Tamil Nadu contends that the dam is safe and its water level has to be raised from 132 ft to 136 ft, Kerala says the structure is weak and it has to be replaced with a new dam.As tensions rose between the two states in December last year, a two-member technical team of the Empowered Committee visited the site and is understood to have concluded that recent tremors in that region did not have any impact on the Mullaperiyar Dam and that it was safe.The committee's tenure was extended in February to enable it to complete its report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12988779", "title": "Bekal to tap potential of inland water tourism", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Giving a boost to tourism sector in Malabar, the government has decided to develop Bekal, a small town in Kasaragod, as an inland tourism destination .What prompted the authorities to make such a move is the 10-km-long networked waterways in the region. \"Currently 3.2 lakh people visit Bekal, known for its fort that spreads across 40 acres. We want to double it by 2015,\" said tourism minister A P Anil Kumar on Thursday.The Bekal Resorts Development Corporation Limited (BRDC), the authority that will implement the Bekal Tourism Project, has already acquired and developed 230 acres of land to set up resorts.Meanwhile, the Cochin International Airport Limited (CIAL) is already conducting a techno-economic feasibility study for an airstrip in the region. The proposed investment for this project is Rs 100 crore.BRDC has already requested the government to renovate the existing railway station.According to its managing director I C Mahesh two resorts by Taj and The Lait have already been commissioned.\"Four others including one from the Kerala Tourism Development Corporation (KTDC) will be completed in next three years,\" he said.The tourism department is also planning to build homestays for budget travellers. \"The tourism projects are implemented in public-private participation,\" Mahesh said. Meanwhile, the tourism minister has assured that all connectivity impediments will be addressed by the government soon.The tourism department is also planning to promote Bekal through road shows, international trade fairs and light and sound shows.Marketing strategies include branding campaign through print media in Mangalore and Bengaluru. It will also set up an information kiosk at the Mangalore airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12988206", "title": "Kazmi appointed Urdu legal studies panel chief", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The National Council for Promotion of Urdu Language has nominated SMA Kazmi, former advocate general of UP and former chairman of commission for minorities UP, as the chairperson of the Legal studies panel. The council is an institution functioning under the Ministry of Human Resource Development is engaged in the promotion development and propagation of Urdu in the country. The council is taking steps for making available in Urdu language the knowledge of scientific and technological development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12989250", "title": "Bigger the eyes, faster the animal", "text": "WASHINGTON: Mammals which have bigger eyes compared to their body size are more likely to be the fastest runners in the animal kingdom, researchers have found.Animals with bigger eyes usually have better visual acuity which is beneficial when moving quickly, said study author Chris Kirk, an associate professor of anthropology at University of Texas , Austin. \"Eye size is one of the most important factors for understanding visual abilities and the evolution of visual adaptations,\" Kirk told LiveScience.\"In vertebrates, increases in eye size can benefit both acuity (detail vision) and sensitivity (vision in dim light).\"Some animals rely more on senses other than eyesight, but for many it plays an important role. This seems to be especially true in fast runners, the researchers said.\"If you can think of mammals that are fast like a cheetah or horse, you can almost guarantee they have got really big eyes. This gives them better vision to avoid colliding with obstacles when they are moving very quickly,\" Kirk said.To figure out what influences eye size, researchers collected measurements of eye size, body and speed in 50 mammals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12987354", "title": "Haveli, Mulshi land records being digitized", "text": "PUNE: Citizens of Haveli and Mulshi talukas will soon be able to get details of land records and land rights in scanned and digitized format. The project of digitization of land records in these talukas is expected to be completed in three months.Scanning of about 16.34 lakh documents (about 50% of the total) has been done. This comprises 10 lakh documents from Haveli and about 6 lakh documents from Mulshi, an official from the state settlement commissioner and director of land records office said on Thursday. The remaining work is expected to be completed in three months. As per estimate, about 35 lakh to 40 lakh documents from these two are to be scanned under the project.\"The project was launched four months ago. It took about a couple of months to install the required set-up for scanning and digitization, considering the large number of documents. Scanning of documents is underway at four offices in Haveli and Mulshi,\" another official said.\"The project will be beneficial for both, the government offices and the common citizens. As the documents will be available on computer, it will end manual search for documents. Citizens would be able to obtain details pertaining to land rights and land record within a few minutes after an application is submitted,\" the official said.Currently, an applicant has to wait for five to seven days to get details about the land records as the records are being checked manually. An official said that if the old documents were not found, the applications often remain pending. The digitization will help segregate the documents and update the records. Besides this, it would help restrict forgery and cheating in land dealing as it will enable tracking of documents.The office of the state settlement commissioner plans to replicate the system in other offices across the state after it is implemented in Haveli and Mulshi talukas. A training will be conducted for the staff to update them about digitization and scanning of documents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12993466", "title": "India violating WTO obligations: US solar industry", "text": "WASHINGTON: US solar industry is pushing the government to drag India to the World Trade Organization, alleging that the recent Indian regulation that certain things in solar panels be manufactured in the country is in violation of the WTO rules.\"It seems to us at SEIA ( Solar Energy Industries Association) that that's a fairly clear violation of Indian's WTO obligations,\" said John P Smirnow of King and Spalding on behalf of SEAI at a teleconference. It was organised by the International Trade Administration's renewable energy and energy efficiency advisory committee.\"We know that the US government has had a lot of high level discussions with the Indian government. And the India government -- my understanding the response has been, you know, this -- what we're doing is not a violation of the World Trade Organization obligations,\" he said.\"So one of the responses that the US could take in that context is to challenge that formally. And increased enforcement activities with respect to local content we think is important,\" Smirnow said.Under the National Solar Mission, India requires that crystalline cells be manufactured in India.\"That's being expanded, or has been expanded to now require that the cells and modules be manufactured in India. And that effectively has blocked US or will block US crystalline cell and module manufacturers from participating in the Indian market,\" he alleged.Smirnow said the first recommendation of the American solar mission is that the US increase its local content related enforcement activities, for example, formally challenge India's local content requirements.\"One of the things I understand that the Indian government has said, we want to help grow our industry. It is basically taking a startup industry and expanding it, but doing so in a climate of severe global competition,\" he said.\"So how do we provide the necessary government support to help grow our local industries? What are the mechanisms we can do that? The Indian response is the local content provision is the best way to do it,\" Smirnow observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12988381", "title": "Mumbai MLAs oppose Metro elevated route", "text": "MUMBAI: Cutting across party lines, Mumbai MLAs opposed the coastal road and elevated Metro rail during a meeting with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Thursday.In the course of the seven-hour discussion held at the state-owned Sahyadri guesthouse, most MLAs also voiced their protests against the new development control rules (DCR) framed during the tenure of former civic chief Subodh Kumar. Three days after Kumar retired, public representatives took strong exception to the idea, said an MLA.At the seven-hour meeting, Chavan had to face a flak from Congress MLAs on the coastal road, mono and metro rail project and DC rules issue.\"The coastal road will pose a threat to the mangroves in the city. Instead, the government should go for a sea link,\" said Congress MLA from Bandra Baba Siddiqui. The coastal road is reportedly Chavan's dream plan to turn Mumbai into a \"world class city\". Another MLA said, the Metro should run underground and not at an elevated level. Amin Patel, also from the Congress, took a potshot at the DCR, saying the new rules would, in no way, help reduce the cost of tenements and flats in Mumbai. \"In fact, it will fuel a rise in property prices,\" he said. \"Passage areas should be excluded from the fungible FSI.\" After the DRC was amended, areas like flowerbeds, staircases and lifts, which were earlier free of FSI, are now counted in the fungible FSI, for which a premium has to be paid.After hearing his legislators, Chavan said, \"I will take up the Mumbai issues with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and the Union minister for environment. All key and long-pending demands pertaining to the city will be discussed with central ministers. Chavan added before the monsoon session, he would study the problems of the island city and the western and eastern suburbs separately before informing the MLAs about the actions taken. He instructed the municipal commissioner to undertake pre-rains measures so that Mumbai can be saved from being flooded.Among the other demands, Vile Parle MLA Krishna Hegde insisted that those staying on the airport periphery be rehabilitated in the same vicinity, on the space being carved out for non-aeronautical purpose. Leader of Opposition in the state legislative council Vinod Tawde (BJP) said to accelerate development in Mumbai, all authorities of the state, civic body and central agencies should be brought under one umbrella. Shiv Sena MLA Subhash Desai urged that TATA power should not be allowed to provide electricity in the island city as it may severely affect the BEST.Plea To Chavan:With Mumbai left with hardly any open spaces, reservations of existing open plots should not be changed.The FSI offered to Koliwadas is not enough and it should be raised further. Recently, FSI in Koliwadas has been increased from 1 to 2There is not government hospital in the suburbs. There should be al least one state-owned hospital in each eastern and western suburb. A separate hospital should be built for women and senior citizens.Island city MLAs are allowed to use their funds for repairing cess buildings. Similarly, MLAs from the suburbs should be allowed to spend money from their kitty to repair old buildings in their constituencies.The state should write to the Centre, asking it to allow political rallies in Shivaji Park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12987563", "title": "End plagiarism case, high court tells vice-chancellor, registrar", "text": "BANGALORE: In an interesting turn to the plagiarism row involving Bangalore University registrar BC Mylarappa, the Karnataka high court directed the Bangalore University vice-chancellor and registrar to initiate and conclude proceedings with regard to withdrawal of the PhD degree awarded to the petitioner, M Venkataramanappa.Incidentally, the present BU registrar was the guide for M Venkataramanappa.Justice Ashok B Hinchigeri, while partly allowing the petition filed by Venkataramanappa, also directed that the March 29, 2011 order of the state government be treated as one issued under section 8(5) of the Universities Act, pertaining to discipline, inspection and control, and further action in terms of Section 70 of the Act dealing with withdrawal of a degree and diploma.\"It is the statutory duty of the University to regulate academic standards. If it finds the petitioner has obtained the PhD degree fraudulently, by kidnapping or reproducing certain portions from any other source, it is bound to withdraw the PhD degree awarded. But the same has to be done in the manner prescribed by law. Before taking any adverse action, the person should be given an opportunity. Even if he has a grievance against the actions of the syndicate, he can still file an appeal before the chancellor, whose decision is final as per section 70(5) of the Act,\" the judge said in his order.The judge also observed that the order issued by the government under section 10 be read as asking the vice-chancellor to initiate further proceedings. The government issued an order withdrawing the PhD awarded to M Venkataramanappa, following the inquiry report submitted by the K V Irniraya Commission stating the thesis submitted by Venkataramanappa contained plagiarized passages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12992461", "title": "Don\u2019t call me independent, says Sachi", "text": "The gifted script-writer of the Malayalam film world, Sachi, is all set to strike again, this time alone, with his most awaited movie, \"Rub Baby Run\"... He shares his thoughts and expectations about the film. Read on...The Malayalam film world is blessed with the successful team of script-writers Sachi and Sethu. 'Run Baby Run' will be your first independent venture. How do you remark this? \"I treat each film as my first film, whether it is or it's not a new film, a new director, or a new actor. I don't bother about the number of films I've done before. I have the same tension I had while doing my first film. And so I dedicate myself completely towards making the film a success.I think the term 'independent' is inappropriate, because it gives a false meaning as if I am set free from some bondage. Sethu and me decided to do films and worked for it; I had my thoughts and ideas, while he had his. Even then it was done; because each of us was compromising to the other, over the subjects, situations and dialogues. But even after convincing ourselves we need to consider the director's point of view also. So it's not about doing it independently. Doing it 'separately' will be fine. It's just like the splitting of an amoeba. Two persons, who had equal contributions in all the previous movies, are now splitting equally to do two different movies separately.\"As it is heard, the character of Mohanlal, 'Venu', is a skilled cinematographer and a superb cameraman coming back to Kerala from Delhi with five years of experience there. 'Chithram', an evergreen hit of Malayalam and 'Photographer', a remarkable film which bagged many awards, are films in which Lalettan excelled as a cameraman. Casting Lalettan as 'Venu'- was it intentional? \"Well, before getting into it, let me say one thing. There is a fundamental mistake in the concept of the so called 'character'. See, 'Venu' is a cameraman. It's not his character, but his occupation. The character includes his inborn traits, body language, style of talking, and many other elements. Only if the occupation of the character is inevitable for the narration of the story, it is to be discussed.Now, speaking about the character, Venu is a person with totally unexpected reactions. He may act seriously in humorous situations, while at some other bombarding situations he acts very hilariously. After passing out the Pune film institute with a golden medal in his hand, he didn't even think about going to the film world. It's because he don't like to shoot manipulated visuals. His ideology lies in shooting only the original videos. Being a cameraman, he shoots many incidents creating a very heavy social impact. But he is least bothered about the impacts produced, and is only concentrated in shooting the real and raw videos, in the same live rhythm of its happening. This is the characterization of Venu. Here 'cameraman' is just his occupation. So casting Mohanlal as 'Venu' was not according to the occupation of the character.Mohanlal gave 5 or 10 times more than what we expect in performance by adapting to the story and situation suitably. This gives us confidence.\"That's about the male lead role. What about casting Amala Paul as the female lead? \"Amala's character 'Renuka' is having too many variations. She is the senior editor of a famous news channel. She is bold enough and at times she behaves like a man. Five years before she ignited a spark of rage with 'Venu'. From that day onwards they are fighting. But it will be true if I say that at some instances we just feel that the character is having many soft feelings.Now, regarding casting of Amala Paul; we were in search of a matured looking, yet fresh-in-casting heroine. We made sure that the heroine must not give any chance of prejudice about the character by the type of characters done by her. Soon we found out that, Amala Paul who hasn't done any important roles in Malayalam yet, has got all these factors. So it was fixed and she has really done it well.\"We all see that Biju Menon has made his characters remarkable by his fabulous performance in many of his latest films. It is sure that he will keep up his graph in this film too. From your side, how do you speak about his character in this film? \"Biju Menon is doing a character which will be different from his latest roles. He was a chief operating officer of a great channel, who resigned the job to start a new channel. But the channel didn't turn out as expected and he finds it difficult even to pay the salary to his staffs. He was a man of good ways and led an ethical life before starting the channel. Now he is forced to keep aside his ethics and begins to learn the practical tactics of a common man. He is the close friend of Venu, and being too close, he doesn't hesitate to even fight with him. But he cares for Venu deep in his heart.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12987958", "title": "Husband booked a day after woman\u2019s suicide", "text": "NAGPUR: A day after a woman ended her life, Yashodhara Nagar police booked her husband, 31-year-old Ranjit Bhujade for abetment to suicide. Smita Bhujade (25) died of consuming poison on Wednesday morning.According to the police, just three years passed since Ranjit and Smita's marriage. The couple has a two-year-old daughter. For last one year, Ranjit, had been doubting Smita's character and had been harassing her.Smita's parents claimed that Bhujade had demanded a dowry of Rs 30,000 from Smita. He would often beat her and ask her to get the dowry amount from her parents, said the police.Police said last month Smita was beaten badly by Ranjit and hence her parents took her to their residence at Wardha. For a month, Smita''s parents tried to solve the differences between them and convinced Bhujade to stay peacefully further.A fortnight before, Smita had come to Bhujade's residence at Binaki Layout near Indira Gandhi Nagar. \"Again, they would have daily argument and Bhujade continued beating her. This forced Smita to end her life,\" said the police. Bhujade was arrested and later released on bail.The parents alleged that Smita died on Tuesday night, but Bhujade's family informed them about the death on Wednesday morning. However, Smita's parents claimed that it was a well planned murder. They alleged that Bhujade forced her to consume poison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "director", "code": "12987504", "title": "Jannat 2: Movie Review", "text": "Director: Kunal DeshmukhCast: Emraan Hashmi, Randeep HoodaJannat 2 follows the basic template of a small-time crook trying to reform himself when he falls in love. So the narrative primarily is a love story playing simultaneously alongside a crime-drama, both consequential of each other. But while the crime backdrop is reasonably riveting, the romance track is dull and deterrent to the drama. Only if the director could balance the two elements appropriately, Jannat 2 could have been a heavenly experience!Sonu Dilli (Emraan Hashmi) is an illegal arms supplier. He falls in love with Jhanvi (Esha Gupta) and decides to reform himself. But ACP Pratap Raghuvanshi (Randeep Hooda) pushes him back into the bad business, using him as an infiltrator to reach the head of the arms trade (Manish Chaudhary). Swinging between the cop and the criminal, Sonu's love life goes for a toss.While the love story is imperative to the film, it is handled rather clumsily and resorts to old-school romance. It's the age-old love-at-first-sight syndrome. After that, the two stumble upon each other in every second scene. He woos her with pedestrian songs and trite pickup lines and she has a perpetual smirk pasted on her face as if giggling on the inbuilt corniness of the scenes. The idea might be to opt for preset procedures and promptly establish the love story but even that seems long-drawn-out. And despite the physical intimacy, the chemistry between the lead pair is strictly peripheral and functional.Where the film succeeds to grab your attention is in handling of its crime-drama. Certainly Jannat 2 isn't designed as an expose on the illegal arms trading racket but it's merely used as a backdrop to the film. But unlike the predecessor Jannat or the more recent Blood Money where the backdrops (match fixing, diamond smuggling) were employed childishly and to customized convenience, here the setting is not as immature and the drama is explored more eventfully by director Kunal Deshmukh. Romance intercuts the crime-drama too often but the concentrated confrontation between Emraan and Randeep often makes up for the dilute chemistry between Emraan and Esha.Despite the grave theme, the treatment is more or less perky and devoid of melodrama, which thankfully never makes the proceedings depressing. Unlike the extreme intensity often imparted to Emraan Hashmi's characters from Awarapan to Murder 2 , Sonu Dilli has a frivolous attitude towards life. Randeep Hooda's brooding character substitutes for it. Thankfully his back-story is never documented beyond what's necessary. What's reprehensive, however, is the excessive insertion of expletives in every second line of the film - a blatant machismo showoff! Nothing against use of abusive language but since most of it is forced to get that cinematic impact, it backfires.The writing by Shagufta Rafique has a definite graph which reaches the crescendo by interval point and, despite an intermittent drop, ascends once again in the climax. However what gives Jannat 2 its individuality is a smart epilogue which works as an antidote to the basic essence of the love story. That puts the film a notch above the rest in the league. The dialogues are occasionally effective and the film smartly derives from classics like Don and Naam on the pretext of giving them a tribute. Pritam's music works well in the film. Bobby Singh's cinematography, esp. in the chase sequences is spellbinding.Jannat 2 comes to life primarily for its two male leads who never overshadow the other and yet have compelling screen presence individually. Emraan Hashmi is affable, charming yet street-smart. He puts in a convincing act. Randeep Hooda breathes life into his intense character. His husky vocal chords and physique add to the effect. The climactic showdown between the two is remarkable. Esha Gupta, who looks a mix between Lara Dutta and Esha Koppikhar, is merely there for the glam quotient. Manish Chaudhary goes over the top occasionally.Overlook a few of its sinful indulgences and Jannat 2 can turn out to be a hell of a ride!Verdict: Good", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12989128", "title": "Passport office migrates to single processing system", "text": "KOLKATA: After standing witness to much chaos, the regional passport office has finally dropped the NIC system and shifted to a single passport processing system. Henceforth, only the TCS system will be operative. Hitherto, two systems - NIC and TCS - were being used simultaneously, leaving room for two passports being issued to the same person. ToI had on April 26 carried a report on how the parallel system might pose a threat to the nation's security.Speaking to ToI, regional passport officer R Sivakumar said, \"The NIC system has been stopped from May 1 and we have completely migrated to the TCS system.\" However, he added that it was not impossible to locate issuance of double passports to one person. On May 1, ToI had carried a report on how one person - Manoj Ginodia - had received two passports though he applied only once through an agent. Everything in his second passport, except the photograph, was the same as that of his original passport that he received last year. The photograph in his second passport which he received this March is of a younger boy.Reacting to this incident, Sivakumar said, \"I have already ordered a probe into it. But it appeared to be a human error. Both the passports were issued through the NIC system. It was meant for one person but the data of Ginodia got mistakenly printed on it. We are taking all possible measures so that this does not recur anymore.\"There is good news for passport applicants from the six districts of North Dinajpur, South Dinajpur, Malda, Murshidabad, Nadia and Birbhum which will be served by the new passport seva kendra (PSK) at Behrampore. The new facility will process 250 applications daily from districts.Right now there is only one PSK which caters to this huge region. The Kolkata PSK cannot process more than 850 applications per day, which is a negligibly small compared to the huge demand. The online window to get an appointment for the passport interview, now opens only for a few seconds. The moment the figure reaches 850, the window gets closed. So, for a majority of passport applicants, it is a frustrating ritual every afternoon to try and get an online appointment for the interview.This hassle faced by the applicants has finally led to additional counters being opened at the regional passport office. Sivakumar said, \"These are all teething problems. The Behrampore PSK, for instance, would take a lot of pressure off PSK, Kolkata. Once all PSKs are operative, the whole process of obtaining a passport will be a lot easier.The Kolkata region which includes states like Sikkim and Tripura, apart from West Bengal , eventually have five PSKs at Agartala (Tripura), Gangtok (Sikkim), Siliguri (West Bengal), Kharagpur (West Bengal) and one more at Kolkata. A senior passport officer said that government is considering whether part of the regional passport office could be converted into a PSK. The PSK will be manned by both RPO and TCS personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "12989902", "title": "\u2018Deo should quit, fight against bauxite mining\u2019", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Maoists said Union minister Kishore Chandra Deo should resign from his post and fight with the people against bauxite mining instead of submitting letters to the governor and other officials.The Maoist leaders alleged that instead of pressuring the government on bauxite mining, Deo was washing his hands off the issue by sending letters.\"He is trying to fool the people on the mining issue,\" east division secretary Ganesh said and alleged that the state and central governments were out to loot natural resources like bauxite.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12987798", "title": "Patient \u2018harassed\u2019 doctor for 3 years", "text": "NEW DELHI: A dentist practising at a Rohini clinic has alleged that one of her patients who clicked objectionable photographs of her after drugging her has been threatening to post the obscene clips online. The patient has been blackmailing her for three years, the woman has claimed.According to police officials, the patient first visited the doctor's clinic three years ago complaining of a sore tooth. He visited the dentist four more times and each time he told her about his family problems, eventually striking a friendship with her.\"The woman told us that on one of his visits, the patient offered her some chocolates which were allegedly laced with sedatives. She lost conciousness for a while and woke up only to be told that her obscene clips will be released on social networking sites if she did not pay him some money. The woman claims to have paid over Rs 2.5 lakh him,\" said an investigator.The complainant said that the accused forced her to pay Rs 1 lakh initially but demanded more money later. In the meantime, he set up a web-designing shop near her clinic and continued to harass her. Things turned uglier when the victim tried to work out a settlement by approaching the relatives of the accused and demanding the negatives of the pictures. When she reached the accused's Rohini residence on March 10, she was allegedly beaten up. A witness called the cops but the woman did not register a complaint fearing social embarrassment.However, a few days later she confided in a relative who asked her to approach cops. \"We have seized evidence from the victim's residence at Bahadurgarh, including a computer and CDs. We have sent them to FSL Rohini for analysis. We are trying to trace the accused. If the charges are proved to be true, we might even invoke the IT Act,'' said a senior police official, outer district. A case of blackmailing and cheating has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "12989374", "title": "Houseboat owners refuse to set up condom boxes", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: A majority of houseboat operators in the district rejected the proposal of the Kerala State Aids Control Society (KSACS) to set up condom boxes in houseboats to prevent the spread of HIV.\"We decided to set up condom boxes in all houseboats to ensure safe sex and to prevent the spread of HIV. We have identified 1,830 sex workers in Alappuzha district; 498 of them work in the town and Punnamada areas. There are as many as 1,000 houseboats in the district. However, only 20 houseboat operators have allowed us to install condom boxes in their boats,\" said KSACS 'Suraksha' project district manager Palouse Kuriakose.\"They told us that if we install condom boxes that would give the houseboat industry a bad image. They also feared raids by police,\" Palouse said.\"Following lukewarm response from houseboat owners, we are planning to abandon the project,'' he said.\"With a majority of houseboat operators opposed to the KSACS proposal, we will not be able to execute it,'' said R R Joshiraj, Kerala Houseboat Owners Association executive committee member.\"Now we have decided to set up condom boxes in places like bus stations, boat jetties and lodges, as well as houses where sex workers reside. We have already set up 150 condom boxes in different places; each box has as many as 100 condoms,\" Palouse said.\"We have also made arrangements with a group of sex workers to distribute condoms among other sex workers and people who approach them. We have started giving them 35,000 condoms per month free of cost,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12989555", "title": "All power of attorney property deals banned", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an order that puts thousands of property transactions in Delhi under a cloud, the revenue department has made all realty sales through transfer of general power of attorney null and void with retrospective effect from October last year.On average, around 20% of registries are done through GPA transfers, a common way of selling leasehold properties and those that don't have a clear title. In Delhi's northwest district, for instance, of 5,300 documents registered across three sub-registrar offices in March, 1,157 were GPA transfer registries. Bankers said the proportion of GPA transfers were even higher in sales involving bank loans.Top revenue department officials steered clear of taking responsibility for the delay in implementing the Supreme Court order. They said that as this was a Supreme Court order, it should have been implemented at the sub-registrar offices since October. They admitted, however, that registrars have only stopped registering such sale deeds after the April 27 directive from the revenue secretary and divisional commissioner Vijay Dev.Realty watchers said the order will reduce the number of saleable properties in the capital and lead to a hike in the value of properties on freehold land.Citing the October 11, 2011, judgment of the Supreme Court, the revenue department circular says, \"It is reiterated that immovable property can be legally and lawfully transferred only by a registered deed of conveyance (sale deed)... 'GPA sales' of 'SA (sale agreement)/ GPA/will transfer' do not convey title and do not amount to transfer, nor can they be recognized as valid mode of transfer of immovable property. The court will not treat such transactions as completed...\"\"To ensure that the Supreme Court order is followed, I have issued a circular informing all officials involved in registration of documents to not register any sale deeds on a GPA transfer,\" Vijay Dev told TOI. He said it was required as GPA transfer transactions left no evidence of how many hands a property might have changed hands. There are also loopholes in GPA transfer cases as property papers may not be complete or a property may not have the requisite completion certificates.In such cases, Dev said, there were greater chances of a buyer landing in litigation. The implementation of the court order would mean cleaner transactions with clear title deeds and also higher revenue to the state as each sale of the same property will have to be duly registered on payment of stamp duty, he said.However, the retrospective order has thrown thousands of property sales after October on GPA into uncertainty. Owners who bought property on GPA because it lacked perfect documentation are now in trouble because legally the property remains in the seller's name. Both parties will now have to initiate the process of transfer of property through clear sale deed.The problem is, due to archaic regulations, many properties in the do not have clear titles. Take for example co-operative societies that do not have a completion certificate because the builder did not follow rules during construction. A flat owner in such a society, who may be in possession of the property for decades, will not be able to sell it.Most of apartments in cooperative housing societies and DDA condominiums are sold though GPA. Now, if the societies have completition certificate and the original buyer has cleared all the dues, these property can be converted into freehold. Only after that its owner can sell it through registered sale deed.Anshuman Magazine, MD of global consultancy firm CBRE ( South Asia ,) said that banning transactions through GPA would bring in transparency . \"But before issuing the order, the government should have conducted a special drive to give completion certificates to properties,\" he said.Also facing uncertainty are houses in unauthorized colonies because very few properties here have a clear title . These house owners too would have encounter problems in selling the property.The order also provides an opportunity for middlemen to take advantage of the situation as the demand for converting properties to freehold is likely to surge. In practice, such conversions are usually carried out through touts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12988993", "title": "\u2018Symptoms of acute flaccid paralysis similar to polio\u2019", "text": "KANPUR: Though the city maintains its position of not having even a single polio case in past four years but according to the health department, a large number of cases of acute flaccid paralysis (AFP) are being reported in the past one year. The health authorities have planned to launch surveillance projects in all the 10 blocks of the district. Educational and awareness campaign will also be organized to spread awareness about AFP.Chief medical officer Ramayan Prasad Yadav told TOI that one of the causes behind carrying out AFP educational and surveillance drives on frequent intervals was the presence of a large number of patients suffering from this disease.This is a symptom that indicates the presence of wild polio virus in children or even in the elderly people. It is on account of such high number of AFP cases that the risk of polio may not be completely ruled out from the region.\"Acute flaccid paralysis is a term which applies to the exact clinical symptoms doctors see in polio virus infection. But this may not necessarily be caused by polio viruses. Paralytic polio is actually considered a subcategory in the broad umbrella of acute flaccid paralysis,\" the CMO added.As per the data provided by the heath department, 44 new AFP cases were reported in the district till April, this year. The number of AFP cases in 2011 was 178. The district immunization officer (DIO) said that testing of AFP is done on the examination of the stool of a person. No polio case has been reported in Kanpur after 2007. Though, many people claimed their wards of having polio after witnessing the symptoms but that was AFP and not polio.Nearly, 12 to 15 stool samples of children suffering from AFP are being collected every month and sent to state laboratory. Several clinical tests performed on the stool gives confirmation whether the child has contracted the infection from polio virus or it is paralysis.\"Physicians working at primary/community health centres or even hospitals are encouraged to report all cases of AFP among children below 15 years of age and submit two stool samples,\" DIO added.He said that more stress is being laid on routine polio immunization programmes to curb this disease.Nearly, 12 to 15 stool samples of children suffering from AFP are being collected every month and sent to state laboratory. Several clinical tests confirm whether the child has contracted the infection from polio virus or it is paralysis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12988197", "title": "Rs 21cr spires for Gujarat's first golden temple", "text": "RAJKOT: Gujarat is all set to get its first 'Golden Temple'. Barely 125 km from Ahmedabad, the Gopinathji Dev Mandir, popularly known as Gadhada Swaminarayan Mandir, has got gold-plated spires.Around 70 kg of gold worth nearly Rs 21 crore has been used to plate the spires.The temple, managed by Gopinathji Dev Mandir Trust, will be open to public on May 6.\"A special event will be held on May 6 for the golden temple's formal opening,\" S P Swami of Gopinathji Mandir told TOI.\"This is a proud moment for all saints and followers as Swaminarayan Bhagvan himself had built this temple brick by brick and it has a special affection for all of us,\" Swami said.There are six Swaminarayan temples in Gadhada and Gopinathji Dev Mandir is where Lord Swaminarayan spent 29 years. There are important historical and religious aspects which make this temple a special one.As many as 1,500 to 2,000 devotees visit the temple daily. On the day of poonam (full moon), nearly 40,000 people come to pay obeisance here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "12989189", "title": "Not getting funds from govt: Hami", "text": "SRINAGAR: Asserting that the Kashmiri Barelvi group Karvan-e-Islam does not receive any financial support from the Centre or state agencies, its chairman Maulvi Ghulam Rasool Hami on Thursday said there was no conflict between Ahle Sunna ( Barelvis) and Ahle Hadith (Wahhabis) in the state.Maulvi Hami said his group, Karvan-e-Islam, is a non-political, non-profitable, religious and spiritual movement. In fact, he charged that the Jammu &amp; Kashmir education department had opened fictitious bank accounts and swindled funds released by human resource development ministry meant for madrassas in the state.\"The central and state governments should hold an inquiry into these shady dealings and identify individuals and organizations which receive funds for promoting a particular school of thought that ultimately creates a wedge between various sects,\" Maulvi Hami said.He added that HRD ministry has disclosed, following an RTI query, that 372 madrassas are getting Central funds besides 722 Islamic teachers are being given salary.\"However, when we conducted a survey in various districts of the state, it was revealed that the state education department has not given the funds to these madrassas, except a few in Kulgam and the Iqbal Memorial Institute Anantnag,\" Maulvi Hami said.Asked about the concept of 'Kashmiriyat', the Maulvi said Kashmiriyat can't be linked with Islam. \"Kashmiriyat simply portrays brotherhood among people of different religions and faiths,\" Maulvi Hami said.Refusing to be called shrine worshippers, Maulvi Hami said they are pursuing Islam as propagated and practiced by Sufi saints like Shah-i-Hamdan, Sheikh-ul-Alam and Hazrat Sultan Sheikh Haza.\"However, we won't allow anybody to propagate against Sufi saints and work against real Islam. We appeal to the heads of all sects to project true Islamic teachings and defeat the nefarious designs of bad elements,\" Maulvi Hami said.Reacting to Hurriyat leader Mirwaiz Umar Farooq's warning to government officials against promoting the Barelvi school of thought and participating in functions at shrines, Hami said, \"This question can be posed to him to identify the bureaucrats and government officials who participate in such functions.\"Asked if director, state information, Farooq Renzu, was participating in shrine functions, Maulvi Hami said he was never a member of the Karvan-e-Islam and participated in Islamic functions as a Muslim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12991981", "title": "Ko receives Nagi Reddy award", "text": "In a recent function organized by The Vijaya Medical and Educational Trust, co-memorating its founder P. Nagi Reddy, awards were distributed in his name.KV Anand's Ko received the award for the best family entertainer and its director KV Anand and Producer Eldred Kumar were felicitated with a memorandum and a cash prize of Rs. 1,50,000.The Vijaya Productions have produced successful movies in the past which include, Baathala Bairavi, Missiamma, Nam Naadu, Enga Veetu Pillai. The 100th celebration went on well with a host of guests attending the event. Seen on the dias were Lyricist Vairamuthu, SP Muthuraman, actors, Prabhu, Nadhiya and Producer AVM Saravanan.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12988223", "title": "Narendra Modi plants party man in IIM-Ahmedabad's board of governors", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For the past 50 years, career politicians have had no say in steering the direction that the country's top B-school, the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) would take. The Narendra Modi government is set to change all that by nominating party man Kamlesh Joshipura, 51, on one of the two seats reserved for the state government on IIM-A's board of governors.Joshipura can claim to have insight into education policy as vice-chancellor of the Indian Institute of Teacher Education, but this again is a government appointment. The other appointment by the state government to IIM-A board is education secretary Hasmukh Adhia, a tradition that has not been broken. Out of the 15-member board, both state and Central governments can nominate two persons each.Joshipura's nomination gives Modi a foothold in one of the country's best business schools. \"It is an honour. I have also received a letter from IIM-A director Samir Barua inviting me to participate in the board's meeting in June,\" Joshipura told TOI.The board is chaired by A M Naik , chairman and managing director of Larsen &amp; Toubro, who is known to be close to Modi.So far the state government nominated senior bureaucrats to the board. This year the institute's memorandum of association was amended to reduce the number of board members from 25 to 15.Joshipura has served two terms as the vice-chancellor of Saurashtra University. Before he took up this assignment, he was the president of BJP's Rajkot city unit. BJP sources say it was in 2001 when Narendra Modi contested a by-election from Rajkot that the two had bonded and their bonhomie continues till date.Asked why Joshipura was nominated, chief secretary A K Joti said, \"It is not an individual decision but that of the Gujarat government. The name came from the state education department and it was finalized by the government.\"A commerce graduate, Joshipura also holds an LLM degree and a PhD on human rights. He used to work in the faculty of law in SU before being appointed as the VC of the university in 2005. In 2007, Joshipura was instrumental in gathering a huge number of college students for the CM's youth initiative - Yuva Sangram in Rajkot. \"I have not been in active politics. I am committed to fulfilling the responsibility given to me,\" said Joshipura.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12989539", "title": "Govt looks away from Waqf's 'land deals'", "text": "KOZHIKODE: At a time when corruption in Waqf Boards are surfacing across the country, the state government seems to have turned a blind eye to the damning report of M A Nissar Commission that found large-scale corruption and mismanagement of Waqf properties in the state.The commission was appointed by the previous LDF government in 2007 to look into 'irregularities' in the functioning of the Kerala State Waqf Board. It filed its report in 2010 in which it stated that around 676 acres of Waqf land have been illegally sold or transferred to private parties. But since then, no action has been taken to cleanse the administrative functioning of the board.Among the shocking revelations of the report is the unauthorized exchange of 118 acres of rubber estate that belonged to Mukkam Muslim Orphanage for a building in Mannarkkad town in Palakkad in 2003.The panel found that property exchange took place without any assessment of the value of either the rubber estate or the building. It charged the Waqf Board for 'abetting the malafide action of the Muthavally' (local custodian of Waqf property).The deal was carried out without a public tender and the person who received the property sold it in pieces to over 50 persons within three months of the deal. According to estimates, the rubber estate was worth over three times the value of the building for which it was exchanged.In another instance, 404 acres of Waqf land belonging to the Farooq College, Kozhikode, were sold off by the secretary of the managing committee of the college without the permission of the board. In the sale deed the deal was masqueraded as a gift property. The commission also found that the sale of 154 acres of Sathar Island in Vadakkakara of Paravoor taluk in Ernakulam was done violating the norms of Waqf Act.\"Over 1,000 acres of land donated by many families to Waqf have been given away to private parties. What we found was just a fraction of illegal misappropriation of Waqf properties,\" said Aboobacker Chengat, member secretary of the commission.A member of the Waqf Board said the LDF government had forwarded the report to the board for action in September 2010. \"But the current government is unlikely to take any further action as itviews the report as politically motivated. It is unlikely to see light again,\" the board member said.T K Saithalikutty, chairman of the Kerala State Wakf Board, said no action based on the report has been taken. \"We have not implemented any of the recommendations as there are no concrete proposals in the report,\" he said.The suggestions of commission included the creation of a post of a nodal officer of the rank of a deputy collector to conduct initial probes into cases of illegal land deals. It had asked the government to act against 'Muthavallies' under the prevention of corruption act and relevant sections of IPC for corruption and misappropriation.KC Vijayakumar, additional secretary in the revenue department, said the state government has not taken any steps on the Nissar Commission report. \"The government has not initiated any steps on the report so far. The files have not come to me,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12989348", "title": "After becoming IAS officer, Lalit Jain withdraws case against Haryana govt", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After becoming an IAS officer, Lalit Jain has withdrawn his case against the Haryana government challenging the appointments of Haryana Civil Service (HCS) examination 2009 in which he was allegedly given extremely low marks to oust from selecting list.Importantly, Jain had appeared for the HCS (Executive) examination 2009 conducted by the Haryana Public Service Commission (HPSC), but was allegedly given extremely low marks and he could not be selected.Thereafter, he had moved before the Punjab and Haryana high court challenging the entire selection procedure. In his petition, Lalit had alleged that he along with other candidates had secured more than 60% marks in the HCS written test, but they were brought down in the final list by giving them around 10% to 25% marks in the interview. On the other hand, most of the selected candidates, especially belonging to the influential families who were getting below 60% marks in the written test were given around 80% to 90% marks in the interview to enable them to jump the cut off line.Allegations of selection of the close relatives of the chief minister of Haryana, his wife, MPs and senior officers of the state government are also in the selection list. Even the state CM has been impleaded in person as party and asked to respond on the issue by the HC.However, later in May 2011, Lalit was selected for IAS and got all India 41 rank. Immediately, after his selection, Jain had reacted that HPSC is demoralizing the best brains while adopting arbitrary procedure for making selection to the state civil services and his selection is a slap on the face of Haryana government.When the petition filed by Jain came up for hearing before the high court on Thursday, counsel for Lalit Jain offered to withdraw his case. However, other similar petitions against the selection procedure of said HCS 2009 batch would continue under HC scanner. Lalit Jain is stated to have allotted the Himachal Pradesh cadre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12988872", "title": "Hoax call keeps policemen on toes", "text": "MADURAI: Tension prevailed in Tirumangalam bus stand after district police received information that explosives were ferried in a government bus plying to Rajapalayam.On Thursday morning, district police received information from a villager about a call from an unknown number warning about explosives being ferried in government buses bound to Rajapalayam. Not wanting to take a chance after a low-intensity bomb went off near Sri Ram temple in city limits recently, police immediately sprung into action and started combing operations. After it was learnt that the Rajapalayam bound buses had left from the terminal, police at Thirumangalam were alerted to intercept the buses.The police team led by Tirumangalam DSP, Ravichandran intercepted buses at Tirumangalam bus stand and searched all the buses en route along with Rajapalayam bound buses. The bomb squad and a sniffer dog were also pressed into the operation. But even after hours of search, the police did not find any explosive materials. R Chandramurugesan from the district bomb squad said that they checked all the buses till evening after they received an alert from the SP office but did not find any explosives. DSP Ravichandran said that the police team intercepted the buses at Tirumangalam and conducted search operations. \"We have intensified all the precautionary measures like patrolling and random vehicle checks so as to ensure safety,\" he said. \"The call was found to be a hoax. We are tracing the caller who alerted the villager about the explosivesMeanwhile, we have also intensified security measures at the BJP's state conference venue,\" district SP, Asra Garg said. The search operations began by 9 am and lasted till 3 pm in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12994075", "title": "Wrong IIT-JEE questions again this year, claims Anand Kumar", "text": "PATNA: Like last year, questions for the IIT-JEE examination were found to be wrong, maths wizard and founder of Super-30 Anand kumar has claimed.Anand, whose efforts to help underprivileged students get through the tough competitive examination were recognised world-wide, said the problem had been detected soon after the examination, but it was confirmed after the JEE uploaded the answers to three questions yesterday.Talking to PTI, Anand said it was strange that instead of accepting the mistake, the authorities had once again resorted to average marking, which, he believed, would affect meritorious students adversely.In respect of one question each in chemistry (Q No. 23) and mathematics (Q No. 60) of Paper 2, the JEE authorities wrote that all students would get zero mark for it.\"This means that the problems are wrong and even those students who still made an attempt to solve them would get zero mark. Similarly, in question number 6 of physics, there should be one right choice, but two choices have been given,\" he explained.He lamented this trend of setting wrong questions had been going on for the last three years due to 'callousness' on the part of the question-setters.Last year, he pointed out, questions worth 18 marks had been detected wrong and later average marks were given.Anand said that two years ago it came to light that Hindi-medium students had been discriminated against due to low marking.\"This does injustice to the meritorious students, as they suffer due to average marking. What is more, such things raise a question mark over the IIT's credibility and shakes students' confidence,\" Anand lamented.It is high time, he said, the authorities worked out a foolproof mechanism to prevent repeat of such mistakes in future, as the IIT-JEE is a prestigious examination, he said.\"The teachers should test the answers by solving them before sending them for print,\" he felt.Anand had a few days ago submitted a detailed proposal to HRD minister Kapil Sibal regarding IIT-JEE reforms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12988511", "title": "Losing heart? No need to lose hope", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Artificial heart transplants will soon be available in Gujarat. The chairman of Narayan Hrudayalaya, Dr Devi Shetty - who has successfully performed ten artificial heart transplants - said that the procedure would be carried out at their hospital in Rakhial, Ahmedabad, in the next four months. Such transplants have given a fresh lease of life to people facing death because of their failing hearts.Dr Shetty, an internationally acclaimed cardiac surgeon, said that the youngest patient to receive one of the ten artificial heart transplants was a 10-year-boy boy. A 50-year old man was the oldest of the lot, Dr Shetty said.\"A 26-year-old youth who was implanted with an artificial heart has married and become the father of a child,\" Dr Shetty said. \"His artificial organ is working so well that he declined to get a heart transplant recently when an organ became available.\"Heart disease is the leading cause of death in the list of 10 killer diseases in India. \"The number of people dying from heart disease is greater than that of people dying from the rest of the nine diseases,\" said Dr Shetty. \"Heart disease is striking younger people and instances of fathers bringing their sons with heart attack to hospitals are commonplace. In such a situation, I see more people living with artificial hearts.\"An artificial heart is a centrifugal pump which is implanted in the chest. A cord comes out of the body and is attached to a battery which can be re-charged like a mobile phone. \"We have patients charging their heart batteries with the help of diesel-operated tractors,\" said Dr Shetty. \"The best part is that patients who were on 25-odd drugs before getting an artificial heart have to take only an aspirin after the transplant.\"Dr Shetty said that while he has operated on all patients free of charge, the artificial heart costs Rs 25-30 lakh; the cost can be a deterrent for some families. \"We are developing a new prototype with a Brazilian research institute,\" said Dr Shetty. \"In this heart, the cord will not come out of the body. The device can be charged through the skin.\"Low-cost pre-fabricated hospitalNarayan Hrudayalaya has built a 300-bed low-cost hospital in Mysore costing Rs 25 crore. \"India needs 2.5 million heart surgeries a year,\" said Narayan Hrudayalaya chairman, Dr Devi Shetty. \"Unfortunately, all heart hospitals in the country put together perform fewer than 100,000 heart operations a year. A 300-bed low-cost heart hospital can be built in six months with an investment of about Rs 25 crore, all inclusive.\"300-bed hospital opens in AhmedabadAHMEDABAD: The first phase of the Narayan Hrudayalaya (NH) Health City was inaugurated in Rakhial on Thursday. Under the first phase, a 300-bed hospital was opened to the public by chief minister Narendra Modi along with Dr Kiran Mazumdar Shaw, CMD of Biocon.The hospital will offer specialty and super-specialty medical treatments in such departments as advanced cardiology, pediatric cardiology, orthopaedics, neuro-sciences, urology, nephrology, critical care and gastro sciences. The hospital will also have in-house diagnostics like MRI and 64 Slice CT scan.The health city is an ambitious healthcare project in the walled city spread over 37 acres in the Old Monogramme Mill Compound. The health city will be a 5,000 bed hospital complete with medical, nursing and para-medical colleges.Chairman of Narayana Hrudayalaya Private Limited, Dr Devi Shetty, said that NH would be a corporate hospital where the rich and poor would be treated equally irrespective of their paying capacity. \"In our corporate hospital, the poor will be able to consult specialist doctors by paying a fee of Rs 10,\" said Dr Shetty. \"We aim to cater to 1,500-2,000 patients daily on out-patient basis in the next months.\"Dr Shetty said that in the next 20 months, a medical and nursing college will also be opened in the NH Health City. The entire project with 5,000 beds will be completed in four to five years.Dr Shetty, who has 14 Narayana Hrudalaya Hospitals all over the country, says that advanced and specialized medical care need not be out of bounds and expensive. \"Health sector needs to realize the power of numbers,\" he said. \"The cost of healthcare, especially tertiary healthcare is becoming unaffordable to common people in India. By building large-scale health cities with 2,000-5,000 beds, sharing the infrastructure and expertise, cost can be reduced.\"Dr Shetty has successfully conceptualized micro health insurance called Yeshasvini, which proved to the world that with Rs 5 per month premium, a viable health insurance programme can be scaled up to cover the tertiary healthcare cost of millions of people. The group has the desire to roll out similar schemes with the help from various state governments across the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12988780", "title": "Court allows CBI custody of IPS officer", "text": "COIMBATORE: A special court in Coimbatore on Thursday allowed the central agency custody of senior IPS officer Pramod Kumar, 46, till Tuesday for interrogation in the multi-crore Paazee Forex cheating case.CBI officials had arrested Kumar from New Delhi on Wednesday for allegedly conspiring to get a bribe of Rs 10 crore from the directors of Tirupur-based Paazee Forex Trading Firm, who are accused of duping scores of investors from various states of Rs 829 crore. CBI officials, later, took him to the circuit house in the city for interrogation.Kumar, a 1989-batch officer of Tamil Nadu cadre, was brought to Coimbatore on Thursday morning by air and produced before the court at noon. Special court judge V Ramasamy set aside the bail application submitted on behalf of Kumar to Tuesday for consideration, while allowing the CBI's request for his custody. Kumar, who is presently inspector general of police (Armed Police) in Chennai, was visibly upset and agitated in court. He had a run-in with scribes and photographers before and after entering the court and abused the media persons, who were at the court premises to report the hearing.Patna-based advocate, Sandeep Kumar, appeared on behalf of the IPS officer in the court. He sought bail for Kumar and pleaded to shift him to Puzhal Central Jail in Chennai if allowed judicial custody. As West Zone IG, Kumar was instrumental in arresting a number of criminals housed in Coimbatore Central Jail at present. If he was made a remand prisoner in Coimbatore jail, his life would be at risk, the advocate, a school mate of Kumar, argued before the court. When the judge turned down the plea request to shift him to Puzhal, Sandeep wanted his client to be sent to Salem prison. The lawyer also alleged that there was a criminal conspiracy behind arrest of Kumar, since that would hinder his elevation as DGP (Director General of Police) of Tamil Nadu in another five years.Public prosecutor S Natarajan sought that the officer be remanded in CBI custody since there was clinching evidence of Kumar accepting Rs 2.85 crore from the Paazee directors, K Kathiravan, 61, an ex-reporter with a Tamil daily in Tirupur, his son K Mohanraj, 30, and their Chennai-based business partner A Kamalavalli. A medical check-up was conducted on Kumar at the Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) before he was produced in court at 12.05pm.A visibly agitated Kumar pleaded before the court that miscreants tried to assault him at CMCH and at the CBI court campus. \"Somebody pulled my T-shirt and some of them tried to attack me using cameras. The CBI did not ensure protection for me,\" Kumar told the court. When judge Ramasamy asked him to show injury marks, advocate Sandeep Kumar intervened and said there were no visible injuries though he was attacked.The court session was adjourned till 4pm. When the session resumed, Natarajan told the judge that Kumar was charged with several serious crimes and CBI officials needed to interrogate him at length to find out where the latter had invested the bribe.The defense lawyer countered the argument by saying that it was Kumar who recovered over Rs 78 crore from the firm and distributed it among the depositors. No money has been recovered or returned to depositors since the CBI took over the case, he charged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12988117", "title": "Gurgaon water supply to be cut on Saturday", "text": "GURGAON: Water supply in Gurgaon will be disrupted on Saturday because of trials of a new pump being installed at the Basai canal.Residents are being told not to waste water on Friday, a day before the cut in water supply, so that fewer water tankers are called and less groundwater is used. They have been told to store water on Friday for use on Saturday.At present, water is supplied from Sonipat via Gurgaon water canal to the Basai water treatment plant where it is treated and then supplied to the entire city. ,The capacity of the treatment plant is 60 million litres per day (MLD) and officials claim that they are supplying 43MLD to the city which includes old Gurgaon, HUDA sectors and a few privately developed colonies.A new pump, costing 1.25 lakh, is being installed at the plant. With the launch of this new pump, the plant will be able to run at full capacity supplying 60 million litres per day to the city. The pump house has eight pumps of which seven have been operational.Even when one of the pumps is not functional, the city faces a water crisis. Officials claim that they tried repairing the dysfunctional pump last year too but were unsuccessful. The pump was bought but could not be installed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12987858", "title": "6-yr-old boy abandoned in welfare home", "text": "NEW DELHI: A six-year-old mentally challenged boy was found abandoned in the cradle of a welfare home for children in South Delhi recently.The child, who is severely malnourished and cannot speak or understand, was produced before the Child Welfare Committee, Lajpat Nagar on Thursday which ordered the local police to register a case in the matter and search for the parents or guardians who could have abandoned him.In its order (a copy of which is with TOI), the Child Welfare Committee has stated that the case cannot be treated like abandoning of a newborn baby which mostly happens because the parents are not in a position to keep the child due to social stigma as most of the mothers are unwed.\"If parents could take care of him till this age, what was the compelling reason for abandoning him now? These are the questions committee would like to ask the parents and for that purpose, the police have to make efforts to trace parents,\" the order says.Meanwhile, the welfare home for children where the boy was abandoned has requested that he should be shifted to Asha Kiran complex.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12988559", "title": "Castiest remarks case: Gujarat University vice-chancellor appears before court", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat University vice-chancellor Parimal Trivedi appeared before court on Thursday in connection with the atrocity charges levelled against him.Trivedi's appearance as an accused before the court was a formal requirement before initiation of the trial as the accused is required to provide various personal details to the court. Additional sessions judge B V Zala has kept May 11 for framing of charges against the VC. Trivedi faces the allegations of hurling castiest remarks against Pankaj Shrimali, a faculty of GLS Arts College. Shrimali had filed the complaint on May 3, 2008.During the initial stage of investigation, all witnesses backed out except senate member Pradeep Prajapati. After conducting the probe, the Navrangpura police recommended the court to close the case on the ground that the accused was not available - by filing 'A' summary. However, a magisterial court rejected the summary report and directed the police to conduct further probe. Later, the probe was transferred to the SC/ST Cell. The superior officers even recommended 'B' summary in the case, but finally a charge sheet came to be filed earlier this month. Trivedi was arrested but released on bail immediately.On the other hand, the police have told Gujarat High Court that filing of charge sheet in this case after 1,370 days cannot be considered as delay. The complainant alleged that the police made deliberate delay in this case in order to shield the high-profile accused. The court also opined that the police were at fault in causing delay, and kept the case for final verdict on May 10 on Shrimali's plea to impose penalty on cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12987427", "title": "Goldline bus service to connect Uttar Pradesh districts", "text": "LUCKNOW: In order to provide a faster inter-city connectivity between important cities of the state, the transport department will introduce a new 'Goldline' bus service.It's a new version of 'Pawan' bus service of the Uttar Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (UPSRTC), which has now been shelved. Pawan was a non-stop inter-city bus service. Goldline is a slightly better version of 'Pawan'. UPSRTC officials said Goldline will be a non-AC bus service which will connect all the districts.Goldline will have a standard time of operation. The buses operating between two districts will depart at fixed time from the two places, said sources. The bus might depart at 7 am from one district, and, at 4 pm from the other district.The best thing about the service will be that it will have little stoppages, and, since it will follow a standard time of operation, it might also be punctual. UPSRTC has planned to introduce 78 Goldline buses, as of now. The fleet might be strengthened later.The service will be slightly costlier compared to the ordinary bus service. Goldline buses will charge 10 percent more fare than the ordinary buses. When contacted, HS Gaba, CGM (operations0, UPSRTC, said, \"we will introduce the buses region-wise.\"The plan is to introduce four to six Goldline buses in every district. The service might be introduced by mid of this month, though officials said no date has been fixed so far. It's the second service after Platinum bus service which was flagged off by transport minister Aridaman Singh on April 27.Platinum is a costlier service with fare equivalent to that of Volvo . Though it's an everyday service, it's available between select cities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12988447", "title": "Slum children will now go to English-medium school", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The children in the slum may now a prospective future in education and career building as they will soon go to schools. Courtesy, the Right to Education (RTE Act 2009) of the Union government.Eighteen minors, including eight girls, of Parvati slum area, adjacent to the Parvati cremation site in the outskirts of Bistupur, hailing from an economically deprived section, will start going to the nearby English medium school, Shri Krishna Public School, from May.Following a month-long exercise that involved several rounds of deliberations between the school administration and the social outfit pursuing the poor children's cause, the school finally agreed to take admission of the 18 minors thus honouring the guidelines of the RTE Act.Under the below poverty line (BPL) provisions of the Act, the school has to admit the 18 financially poor children, at one go. Confirming the BPL children admission, school secretary, H B Singh Arsi said: \"I cannot divulge details about the number of children who will be admitted to the school but yes, in accordance with the RTE Act guidelines we are doing our best in ensuring admission to the economically poor children.\"\"The red card or the BPL card holders were called on Thursday for final verification and the school is satisfied with their documents. Probably, the admission process will begin sometime this week,\" said an official in the admission wing of the school.\"I am glad that my son will go to an English medium school,\" said Santosh Lohar, father of a four-year-old Sambhu Lohar. Santosh is a rickshaw puller by profession.Ramesh Kalindi, a motor garage mechanic, said his three-and-half-year-old daughter was apparently the first in the family who would go to an English school. In the backdrop of recent reports that English medium schools were seemingly reluctant in admitting BPL students, the Shri Krishna Public School's move has pleased the parent's community.\"It took over four weeks for me to get the slum children and their parents mentally prepared for a formal school education. I am glad that the school has reciprocated in a responsible manner and agreed to our plea for these children's admission,\" said Dr Umesh Kumar, convener of Jamshedpur Parents Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12992708", "title": "Ameesha Yadav goes Nude for 'campaign against plastic'", "text": "South siren Nisha Yadav aka Ameesha Yadav who came to lime light with nude act for Corruption movie is in news again.This time the budding actress goes nude for a good cause. This time she is agitating to get Mumbai's drains cleaned before the monsoons.Nisha Yadav has shot some volatile photos which are part of an awareness campaign by MumbaiWire. Each year the Bombay Municipal Corporation spends about Rs 10-15 crore before the monsoons to clean up the drains. In spite of such a huge expenditure, there is flooding even on the first day of some medium to heavy rain.Nisha's campaign photo shoot is titled BASH THE TRASH &amp; DAMN THE PLASTIC. As per the organisers, they do not have huge budgets to create city-wide awareness and Nisha's nude act will definitely an attention-grabber.On the other hand, Nisha Yadav's Tamil film, Corruption, is ready to release next month.Source: Currentweek.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12989797", "title": "Proposed block at Osmania General Hospital raises heritage concerns", "text": "HYDERABAD: The hugely delayed administrative sanction for construction of Rs 200 crore multi-storied block at Osmania General Hospital came last week. But it turns out that the government has bigger hurdles to cross. With the main building being a century-old heritage structure, conservation experts are crying foul over plans to set up a giant eight-storied block close to it.Concerns have been raised over the possible threat the new construction would pose to the hospital building constructed by Nizam VII Mir Osman Ali Khan. Also, the imposing structure would lose its grandeur amidst the modern concrete buildings, experts fear.A team from Heritage Conservation Committee (HCC) visited the site for inspection recently and reviewed the plans. While the committee members declined to comment, sources said that the committee has advised AP Health and Medical Housing and Infrastructure Development Corporation (APHMHIDC) that is executing the project to restrict the height of the new structure up to the parapet wall of the heritage structure. After studying the traffic movement around the structure and its appearance, it was also suggested that the building be constructed at least 15 metres away from it.Stating that they are not opposed to the new construction, heritage activists note that they only want to ensure that the development complements the old structure rather than dominate it. Sources say that along with the new building proposal, APHMHIDC has also been advised to undertake conservation plan for the old building. \"Any new proposal should enhance the historical value of the area. It's not just the use of the building. We should be concerned about the surroundings and the ambience required for the buildings in the old areas,\" a heritage expert said.As per the plans, the eight-storied structure would come up on six acres of land. The experts maintained that the planners have to rethink on the number of floors. The government should not take up the construction unless it incorporates the changes suggested by the HCC. \"The area will come under pressure because of such a massive structure. The proposal is still at the planning stage and they can incorporate the changes intelligently. Instead of one big structure, it can construct another to accommodate other sections,\" said a senior heritage consultant.But if it goes ahead with the proposed plans without accommodating the suggested changes, the government will be guilty of flouting heritage norms.APHMHIDC managing director J Syamala Rao assured that the corporation would not flout heritage norms. \"If the HCC proposes changes, we have to incorporate them in the plans. We are yet to receive the official communication from HCC,\" says Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12986701", "title": "Charges against me are not of criminal nature: Yousuf Raza Gilani", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani on Thursday said his conviction of contempt by the Supreme Court does not disqualify him from the office of premier as he had not committed any criminal offence by not approaching Swiss courts to revive graft charges against President Asif Ali Zardari .\"The charges against me are not of a criminal nature. In a civil charge, there cannot be disqualification,\" he said during an interaction with a group of reporters at the Prime Minister's House on Thursday evening.Gilani said he had followed the Constitution, which grants immunity to the President, and he was not guilty of moral turpitude.He said the constitutional clause regarding presidential immunity had never been debated or interpreted in the country's 64-year history.The apex court convicted Gilani and gave him a symbolic sentence of less than a minute on April 26 for refusing to act on orders to reopen the graft cases against Zardari.Gilani has rejected demands from the opposition to resign following his conviction, saying only the speaker of the National Assembly could decide on his disqualification.Gilani said the main opposition PML-N had not waited for the court's detailed judgment before it began calling for his resignation.\"I do not need their (PML-N's) recognition. We do not need alternative options but we will follow the Constitution and rule of law,\" he said.Referring to the adoption of a resolution in the National Assembly earlier in the day on the creation of a new province in the southern part of Punjab, he described it as a step forward and in line with the 40-year-old desire of the people of the region.\"A national message by the people of southern Punjab has been sent across,\" he said.The move was being backed by the Awami National Party, Mutahidda Qaumi Movement, Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam and Balochistan National Party, he said.Asked about the PML-N's decision not to support the creation of the new Janoobi Punjab province and its move to introduce a resolution for creating other provinces, Gilani said the party had \"lost the game\" and is trying to divert the attention from real issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12987792", "title": "Man thrashed by thieves in northwest Delhi, dies", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 22-year-old man died of injuries after he was attacked by a group of pickpockets on Wednesday evening, police said. Kuldeep, who went by the name Buddha, was attacked in the Mahendra Park area of northwest Delhi when he was walking his pet dog. The deceased was reportedly a bad character himself, and had been named in cases of theft and murder.\"The three pickpockets caught hold of Kuldeep and beat him up before fleeing the spot. Kuldeep was rushed to Bapu Jagjivan Ram Hospital around 12.45 am but was found dead on arrival,'' said Meenu Chaudhry, DCP (northwest), adding, \"he could be transferred to the hospital after a long interval as we were not intimated on time\".Kuldeep was a resident of Jahangirpuri K Block. Police claimed on Thursday to have arrested all three suspects: Rajesh, Virendra Bharadwaj and Paras. While Paras has a couple of cheating cases against him, there are no cases against the other accused.\"We cannot rule out the possibility of a planned attack. However, prima facie, it seems that the murder took place in the heat of the moment,'' said an officer. A case of murder has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12988553", "title": "Paper setting norms are being flouted, say Gujarat University professors", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Senior faculty members of Gujarat University (GU) have alleged that the norms for selection of paper setters have been flouted by the authorities. Several senior professors and lecturers have represented to GU authorities, alleging that paper setters are being \"handpicked\" and many junior teachers are being given preferential treatment.According to rules, the university selects paper setters based on their seniority and the credit given to them by their respective colleges. The colleges decide the credit marks based on the faculty's experience, number of research papers, doctoral thesis and other criteria. The selection is done in respective board of faculties of the university. University gets three sets of question papers for each subject and finalizes one of them.University officials argue that despite selecting the paper setters as per the credit system, several senior teaching staff members do not turn up for the job. As a result, the university is forced get question papers set by junior teaching staff.Vice-chancellor Parimal Trivedi said that several senior professors were not willing to do this job as it pays them a paltry Rs 200 per question paper. \"Paper setting requires at least three-four hours of effort,\" he said.Not just towards paper setting, senior professors also allegedly show lacklustre attitude towards paper checking.University Grants Commission (UGC) rules say examination work is mandatory for teaching staff in colleges. But the university can take no action against the defaulters. The only punitive action that can be taken against them is that such professors are removed from exam duty, something that they actually want!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12987074", "title": "4-year-old raped during wedding ceremony", "text": "NAGPUR: A day after the case of a drunk man raping his mother-in-law was reported at Koradi police station, another shocking incident of a four-year-old girl being raped was reported at Nandanvan police station on Wednesday.According to the police, the girl and her younger brother were asleep when their mother heard her screaming. When she rushed to the room, she found her daughter bleeding. The mother then made a police complaint.However, in the medical reports the doctors mentioned that it is very difficult to say whether the girl was sexually assaulted or not.Senior police inspector Sunil Jaiswal said, \"As per the medical reports, there is bleeding but no injury was found. Yet, as claimed by the mother, we have registered an offence of rape against an unknown culprit.\"According to the police, the victim and her family had come to the city to attend her uncle's marriage on Tuesday. The family hailed from Nagbhid.On Wednesday night, the girl, her brother and other children were asleep in the uncle's house at Abbu Miya Nagar while the family members and other relatives had gone to the reception party which was being held about 20 metres from the house in a pandal.Around 10.30pm, the girl's mother came to the house for some work and heard her daughter crying. Spotting the blood stains, she told in her complaint that the kid has been either raped or an attempt has been made.Cops said that since the girl is still crying in pain and is too small to give a statement, the case is not clear. \"The victim has now recovered from the pain and her mother is questioning her slowly with some woman constables. So far, the girl has not said about any relative had come to her or any stranger. She is repeatedly saying that she felt something like a needle hurting her,\" said Jaiswal.Cops are still questioning the other children asleep in the same room and other relatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12987775", "title": "Wine tourism makeover in store for Maharashtra", "text": "MUMBAI: Known as a land of pristine beaches and imposing temples, the state government is planning a tourism makeover for Maharashtra in order to promote it as India's first wine tourism destination. Many measures as part of this master plan, including the opening of wine bars and cafes at tourist spots, state-run luxury trains such as the Deccan Odyssey and resorts, were announced by the state excise and tourism departments recently.The state plans to set up wine art galleries, museums, clubs and resorts with the help of winery owners. A government magazine will also be brought out on the qualities of the state's wines. \"The plan has received an in-principle approval from the tourism and cultural department. To make the process of setting up bars and cafes easier, licence fee exemptions will be given to wineries that come forward to be a part of the state's plan,\" a senior official said.Nearly 72 wineries across the state account for 80% of India's wine production, with Nashik being crowned as the wine capital of the country. However, after the 2008 terror strikes in Mumbai, there was a drop in tourist inflow to the state and Mumbai. Average consumption too witnessed a slump.The industry witnessed two bleak seasons in 2009 and 2010, with production dipping to 40 lakh litres, nearly half of what it was in the previous year. Of 72 units, worst hit were about 58, which were running on bank loans. Banks have initiated action against nine of them. There was a reduction in the land used for cultivation of grapes following bad rainfall from over 9,000 to 5,000 acres. \"By 2007-08, the Indian wine industry was growing at 25- 30%, but now the situation is different. The state has to provide help to grape farmers and to us,\" said a unit owner.A delegation of unit owners met deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar on Thursday with their demands, including exemptions in licence fee, VAT charges imposed on sales of wine and a rehabilitation package for affected units and grape farmers. While the state government turned down requests for financial help, it decided to help units set up wine factory sale outlets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12989677", "title": "Fuel shortage in state likely to ease in 2 days", "text": "MANGALORE: Bunks in Mangalore on Thursday started receiving diesel supplies and situation is returning to normal. Supply of fuel to the districts fed by oil marketing companies (OMCs) here, which are in turn supplied POL (Petroleum Oil and Lubricants) products by Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Limited (MRPL), will normalize within a couple of days.MRPL which had shut down on April 12 for almost a fortnight following shortage of raw water from its weir at Sarapady started production on April 25 and ran near to full capacity since April 29.\"We will be running on full steam. Both Phase I and II operations have been normalized and the OMCs will get their quota of POL,'' said an MRPL official.The three OMCs here - IOC, BP and HPCL - supply to the entire state, parts of Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Goa. Bangalore gets its supplies from Chennai. An IOC official said: \"There was shortage of only diesel as the demand iwa high. As against the supply of 1,800 kilo litres (kl) to our terminal-fed locations (in 10 districts), we were only able to supply 1,000 kl. The supplies should normalize within a day or two.''OMC official said each OMC would keep supplies for a fortnight, but as supplies from other refineries got held up, the short supply situation arose. \"Most of our bunks are running dry and the first preference of supplies is to KSRTC and fishing boats, hence short supply at bunks,'' an IOC official noted.MRPL at full capacity manufactures 10,500 tons of diesel per day (12,300 kl). The city has been experiencing short supply of auto LPG also. MRPL officials said that LPG supplies will also be restored to OMCs and the situation will be normalized soon.On Thursday, long queues were seen at auto LPG filling stations. Bunk owners in Mangalore said there was shortage since Wednesday and as they have started receiving supplies from Thursday, by night the situation would become normal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "12988722", "title": "Former Maoist leader arrested in Gumla", "text": "GUMLA: A former self-styled Maoist squad commander was arrested by the district police from Nagfeni on NH-23 on Thursday.\"The Maoist leader has been identified as Sandeep Mishra, a resident of Baghima Tipsatoli under Palkot police station in the district,\" SP Jatin Narwal said.\"A graduate and an expert in handling computers, Mishra joined CPI (Maoist) in 2001 and remained a part of the outfit till 2009,\" he said. After leaving the outfit he joined notorious Jogi Tiger criminal gang in the same year.The SP added, despite parting with the organization he was in regular touch with Maoist leaders Buddheshwar Oraon and Vishwanath. He was a good orator at the Maoist Jan Adalats, Narwal said, adding that last year the district police had proposed a reward of Rs1 lakh on his arrest.Acting on a tip-off, a police team led by DSP (probation) Deepak Kumar Pande and ASI Pradeep Chowdhary arrested Mishra. He was wanted in 14 cases, including murder, extortion and extremism since 2001.Mishra revealed vital information with regard to the Maoist network in the area and their supporters, he added.During his tenure at the Jogi Tiger criminal gang, he used to extort money from contractors and businessmen and is believed to have bought property in town, Narwal said. Jogi Tiger was killed last year and Mishra took charge as the gang's kingpin, since then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12989982", "title": "Malwa Utsav evolves into a big platform for budding artistes", "text": "INDORE: The five-day long Malwa Utsav, which got off to a colourful start on Wednesday in Indore, is turning out to be a big draw among budding talent from the region. More than 35% performers are first timers. Of the 200 performers, who enthralled the audience with their folk dance and cultural programmes, more than 70 artistes performed on the stage for the first time and were from different parts of the country.Swati Sen Ukhale, the chief choreographer of Matki Dal from Ujjain, believes that a platform like Malwa Utsav helps youth demonstrate their cultural skills and form a close connect with the varied and rich heritage of India.\"Malwa Utsav isn't limited to traditional dances of Madhya Pradesh. Performers from various states in the country have come here to display their talents. Youths can interact and learn a lot through such a platform,\" Swati Sen said. Out of 12 female dancers of Matki Dal, five will perform at Malwa Utsav 2012 for the first time.Sixteen members of Haryana Lok Kala Sansthan, who perfected the folk dance form Faagun, will cherish the arrival of the mighty monsoon through novel dance steps and use of props this year. \"Around eight dancers in our group will be performing for the first time,\" said one of the dancers of Haryana Lok Kala Sansthan. Sheesh Pal Singh Chauhan, the lead choreographer of the group, opines that a platform like Malwa Utsav is integral to restoring the diminishing folk tradition in the minds of today's youth.Along with the gurus, the students also feel the importance of traditional dance forms and their revival.Ankita Jain, one of the Badhai dancers from Sagar, strongly feels that increased involvement of today's youth in western dance forms has somewhere broken their touch with the traditional dance forms. \"I have always been interested in Badhai dance and I take it as my responsibility to propagate Badhai dance.\" she said.Saurabh Jain, who has been learning Gangaur dance for the past two years, says his family and friends have always encouraged him to learn Gangaur. The organising committee of Malwa Utsav also aims to promote up-and-coming artistes of the country.\"With the advent of technology, today's youth haven't been able to create a close relation with the traditional values of India. A national platform like Malwa Utsav is meant to promote young and talented artists hailing from different parts of the country,\" said Deepak Lawangade, organising secretary, Malwa Utsav 2012.Over a period of five days, young dancers will perform several folk dance forms such as Gond, Baredi, Gotipua, Faagun, Gadri, Gangaur, Badhai and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12989872", "title": "Stop killing Muslim civilians, target US: Osama", "text": "WASHINGTON: Osama bin Laden seemed frustrated with the local jihadi groups that caused sufferings on the Muslims and urged them to abort such attacks and instead focus on the US, documents seized by US forces from his Abbottabad safe-house in Pakistan a year ago say.\"He (bin Laden) is at pain advising them to abort domestic attacks that cause Muslim civilian casualties and focus on the US, 'our desired goal' . Bin Ladin's frustration with regional jihadi groups and his seeming inability to exercise control over their actions and public statements is the most compelling story to be told on the basis of the 17 de-classified documents,\" Combating Terrorism Center (CTS), of the US Military Academy , at West Point said on Thursday.These documents consist of electronic letters or draft letters, totaling 175 pages in the original Arabic and 197 pages in the English translation . The earliest is dated September 2006 and the latest April 2011.\"On the basis of these documents , bin Ladin enjoyed little control over either groups affiliated with al-Qaida in name or so-called 'fellow travelers' such as the TTP,\" the report says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12990053", "title": "Cash, mobile looted from youth at MLA rest house", "text": "BHOPAL: A youth was allegedly forced to drink liquor, beaten up, looted of cash and mobile phone at the MLA rest house on Wednesday evening. The police said the victim, Mehboob, 35, a resident of Jhansi, came to Bhopal to attend a wedding of his relative.The accused in the case has been identified as Yash and one of his accomplices. The victim had reportedly met the accused, Yash in Bhopal-bound Shatabdi Express. The two exchanged mobile numbers and the accused promised to take the victim round the city.Police said accused called up Mehboob on Wednesday and took him to room No. 13 of the MLA rest house. Mehboob was allegedly forced to consume alcohol by Yash and one of his accomplices.He was later allegedly beaten up, his mobile phone and cash was looted. The accused later dumped the victim near the Birla temple road and fled. The incident came to light when beat constables spotted the victim. Subsequently, they took him with them and later handed him over to his family.The Jehangirabad police said victim, Mehboob refused to register a case. The room at the MLA rest house in question is allotted to an MLA from Morena, Aidal Singh Kansana, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12988775", "title": "Bihar Pradesh Congress Committee chief assails govt", "text": "PATNA: Bihar Pradesh Congress Committee ( BPCC) president Mehboob Ali Kaiser lambasted the Nitish-led NDA government for the near total collapse of law and order in the state.He cited examples of kidnapping-cum-murder of a 10-year-old boy, Rishi, on Wednesday, police firing on the protesters at Aurangabad and directive from the Patna High Court to the state police to recover a missing girl within 24 hours.He said that CM Nitish Kumar should stop his Seva Yatra and pay attention to improving the law and order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "12988287", "title": "Camera for tiger count goes missing in Katarniaghat", "text": "BAHRAICH: The camera installed at Sadar beat number four of Katarniaghat reserved forest area for the counting of tigers has gone missing. The thieves also tried to steal another camera installed nearby, but failed hence they broke it down. The camera recorded the photos of three miscreants, on the basis of which the forest department contacted the police to nab the suspicious. A case of theft has been registered at Sujauli police station.The counting of tigers is going on at Katarniaghat reserved forest area with the help of camera trapping. In the first phase, 80 cameras were installed at 40 places of Katarniaghat and Nishangarha range. On Wednesday, the fifth day of trapping when the forest officials were checking the cameras, they found one of the camera installed at Sadar beat number four of Katarniaghat range damaged, while another camera was missing, but no trace of the camera was found after a long search.Divisional forest officer (DFO) wildlife RK Singh, said, \"The chip of the damaged camera was safe, which recorded the photos of three persons who are being searched. A case of stealing damaging the camera has been registered at Sujauli police station against the unknown persons.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12987578", "title": "Doping in school sports rings alarm bells in government", "text": "MUMBAI: Performance-enhancing drugs are no longer restricted to the high-stakes world of professional sports.Eleven participants at the 57th National School Games in Delhi-from Maharashtra, Punjab and Uttar Pradesh, and aged between 14 and 19-tested positive for such substances earlier this year. Alarmed by the dangerous trend, the government's National Anti-Doping Agency (NADA) shot off a letter to various educational boards and universities across the country, asking them to ensure dope-free sports. The agency also wanted school authorities to keep a strict vigil on coaches and other sport-support personnel who are closely associated with schoolchildren.It was the first time that NADA officials tested school athletes and published the data. The ICSE board recently uploaded the circular on its website.More than 7,000 students had participated in the event. The agency collected 81 random samples from three categories-wrestling (30), boxing (31) and weightlifting (20). The analytical report of the National Dope Testing Laboratory showed up 11 samples containing prohibited substances. \"The occurrence of such positive results at the school level is a disturbing trend. NADA, being the regulatory body, is extremely concerned about it and has already written to the School Games Federation to review the matter,\" said Rahul Bhatnagar, director-general, NADA, in a letter to various educational boards.The championship was organized jointly by the School Games Federation of India and the Director of Education (Sports) of Delhi.While NADA officials were expecting to find use of anabolic steroids, they were surprised to discover that marijuana abuse was on the rise among school-level athletes.In its circular, the agency's officials have emphasized that education boards must take the incidence of doping among schoolchildren seriously, and initiate necessary action to curb the menace at school sporting events. \"Education boards may consider issuing necessary instructions for dope-free sports among children and, if required, inclusion of a chapter in the relevant syllabus in the educational system,\" the letter added. \"It is important to understand that indulgence in doping by schoolchildren, apart from being an unfair practice as far as sports is concerned, is extremely harmful and detrimental to the health of children. It is a concern for all of us as citizens and especially for educational boards such as CBSE, ICSE and state boards, which exercise some measure of control on schools,\" said Bhatnagar.The NADA circular has mentioned that it will organize dope-control programmes during the zonal and national level games organized by various educational boards.\"We have not yet thought about how to implement this in schools,\" said Fr Jose Aikara, chairman, ICSE Board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12987448", "title": "Election Commission goes soft on poll code", "text": "LUCKNOW: Voting for the by-elections in Mathura's Mant assembly constituency would be held on June 12 from 8.00 a.m. to 5.00 p.m. The assembly seat fell vacant due to resignation of Rashtriya Lok Dal leader Jayant Chaudhary , who had won the seat after defeating Pt Shyam Sundar Sharma of the All India Trinamool Congress by a margin of 16,055 votes.According to an official release of the Election Commission of India, by-elections are scheduled in 26 assembly seats in eight states of Madhya Pradesh, Tripura, West Bengal, Uttar Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra and Jharkhand. In addition to this, the parliamentary constituency of Nellore in Andhra Pradesh would also be participating in the bypolls.As per the latest information displayed on ECI's website, notifications for the bypolls would be issued on May 18, while May 25 is the last date of making nominations. The scrutiny of nominations would take place on May 26, while the last date for withdrawal of candidature is May 28. Voting would be held on June 12, while counting of votes would take place on June 15.The assembly constituencies, which would be participate in the bypoll festivities include Maheshwar(SC) in Madhya Pradesh, Nalchar(SC) in Tripura, Daspur and Bankura in West Bengal, Mant in Uttar Pradesh, Pudukottai in Tamil Nadu, Kaji(SC) in Maharashtra and Hatia in Jharkhand. Apart from these, the assembly constituencies of Tirupati, Allagadda, Rajampet, Rayachoti, Parkal, Ongole, Narasannapeta, Payakaraopet (SC), Anantpur Urban, Yemmiganur, Rayadurg, Kodur (SC), Udayagiri, Narasapuram, Prathipadu (SC), Ramachandrapuram, Macheria and Polavaram (ST) in AP would be undergoing by-elections.On April 24, 2012, the EC in its statement had said that the model code of conduct shall come into force with immediate effect in the district(s) in which the whole or any part of the parliamentary constituency/assembly constituencies going for by-elections is included. The model code of conduct shall be applicable to all candidates, political parties and the state governments concerned. The model code of conduct shall also be applicable to the Union government for the states concerned.However, the official statement released by secretary KN Bhar on April 26, said, \"Many state administrations have requested the Commission to reconsider the enforcement of model code of conduct in the entire district during by-election, as it affects the developmental works in the entire district, whereas only a part of the district may be involved in the election process.\"The letter further adds that the commission after taking into consideration all the relevant factors in this regard, has decided on experimental basis that for the by-elections announced vide press note dated 24-2-2012, following instructions, in partial modification of the earlier instructions, shall be followed with regard to model code of conduct.\"All instructions of the Commission issued regulating the implementation of the schemes of MNREGA, extending relief and starting works in case of natural calamities, drought, flood, drinking water, digging of bore-wells, fodder, agricultural inputs &amp; input subsidies to farmers, new developmental work (whether beneficiary or work oriented) including work under MPLAD, MLA and MLC LAD scheme, announcement and commencement of new projects, programme, concessions, financial grants, defacement of property, use of government property for campaign purpose, etc. shall now be applicable only in respect of the areas falling in the assembly constituency(s) / parliamentary constituency going for bye-election and not to the entire district (s) in which such constituency is situated,\" said the EC statement.However, the EC made it clear that all other existing instructions of the Commission on model code of conduct on matters like tours of ministers, vehicles, advertisements, use government guest houses, and all prevailing Commission's instructions other than those mentioned in Para (1), transfers of officers etc. shall continue to remain applicable to the entire district(s) in which the constituency having the by-election is situated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12989263", "title": "High court: Pay interest on amount due in land acquisition", "text": "PANAJI: Holding that the comunidade of Pilerne is entitled to interest on amount due in a land acquisition case, the high court of Bombay at Goa has ordered that a copy of the judgment be sent to the chief secretary so that in future appropriate steps are taken to avoid liability to pay interest.\"In the present case, liability to pay the amount by way of interest under Section 34 of the Land Acquisition Act on the part of the state government has arisen on account of the fact that the land acquisition officer (LAO) did not think it appropriate to deposit the compensation in the reference court but kept it under revenue deposit,\" a division bench comprising justice AP Lavande, and justice UV Bakre observed.The case pertains to an award passed in 1993 for acquisition of land measuring 2,90,350 sq m for setting up an industrial estate. The LAO awarded the entire compensation in favour of Pilerne comunidade, but did not disburse it on grounds that lands allotted to tenants had not been demarcated and surveyed separately in their names and that the tenants' names were not removed from survey records.The high court noted that in terms of Section 31(2) of the act, the LAO should have deposited the compensation in the reference court, once he decided not to release the compensation in favour of the comunidade. Had he done so, the government would not have been liable to pay the comunidade the amount denied, the bench stated.The high court further observed, \"We, therefore, deem it appropriate to send a copy of the judgment to chief secretary, so that in future the LAOs dealing with such cases take appropriate steps and deposit the compensation payable in the reference court thereby avoiding liability of the state government to pay the interest. We expect the chief secretary to circulate a copy of the judgment to all the LAOs\".In 2001, the government ordered payment of compensation to Pilerne comunidade after it proved it had clear title in respect of the land.The comunidade, under protest, accepted the compensation amount of 39,94,106 on March 15, 2002 by stating that it was entitled to interest on it. Subsequently, the comunidade approached the additional district court, which passed an order in the comunidade's favour. Later, the state government appealed before the high court challenging the additional district judge's judgment passed in 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12987761", "title": "Summer special train to run from Mumbai to Delhi", "text": "MUMBAI: Western Railways will run a summer special train between Mumbai Central and New Delhi on Sundays from May 6 to June 24 to cater to the rush of passengers during the summer vacation season.The Mumbai Central-New Delhi superfast AC summer special (09005), will depart from Mumbai Central on every Sunday at 7.45pm and reach New Delhi at 5.10pm the next day.In return journey, it will depart from New Delhi every Monday at 11.55pm and arrive at Mumbai Central at 8.55pm the next day from May 7 to June 25.Reservations for the train will begin from May 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12989208", "title": "Ponda murder: Police team in Bagalkot", "text": "Following preliminary investigations into the murder of a woman, whose body was found near the Ponda Kadamba bus stand on Tuesday, a police team has been sent to Bagalkot in Karnataka to establish the identity of the deceased. Police suspect that the body could be of a woman who went missing from Shapur, Ponda, recently. The post mortem has revealed that the woman was killed by slitting her throat with a sharp weapon between Sunday and Tuesday. The body has been preserved in the morgue of the Goa Medical College and hospital at Bambolim.Postpone VP polls, reiterates CSJP: The Council for Social Justice and Peace (CSJP) has reiterated its demand to the government to keep the panchayat elections in abeyance for six months in view of \"the rampant manipulations and arbitrariness\" in ward delimitations and reservations. In a letter to the chief minister, CSJP, the social wing of the church body, said that if the government fails to defer the polls, \"the public will be left with no choice but to boycott the polls\".Closure of Borim bridge: The Borim bridge on NH17-B will remain closed for all vehicular traffic on May 13, from 6am to 8am for the purpose of inspection and recording of deck levels, states a press note issued by the department of information and publicity.Power shutdownCarambolim (May 4): Between 8am and 1pm. Areas to be affected - Peter Zarichem Bhat, central government employees colony, railway station and vicinity.Virdi (May 4): Between 2pm and 5.30pm. The entire Virdi village in Bicholim taluka will be affected.Bicholim (May 5): Between 9.30am and 5pm. Areas to be affected - Civil court, State Bank of India, Church Vaddo and vicinity.Merces/Chimbel (May 5): Between 9am and 2pm. Areas to be affected - Menezes Fishnet, St Caitan Residency, water tank, CM Raiker, Voilem Bhat, Apna Ghar, Ninan, Shah Kamakshi and vicinity.Sanquelim (May 5): Between 2pm and 5.30pm. Areas to be affected - Gautan in Sanquelim municipality, Kudnem, Phalwada and vicinity.Dharbandora (May5): Between 9am and 2pm. Areas to be affected - Dharbandora, Sacorda, Bolcornem, Tamdi Surla, Satpal, Sancorda, Udhalshem, Okam, Shivdem, Panshl, Kumbharwada.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12988960", "title": "Rs 600 cr investment boost for Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: Giving a big boost to industrial development of the city, Bosch Ltd will be investing Rs 300 crore to expand its manufacturing unit in Nashik and another Rs 300 crore to set up a new facility here by December next year. \"We are expanding our production capacity at the Nashik plant by investing Rs 300 crore by December. The manufacturing capacity of CRD (common rail diesel) injectors will be expanded from the present 2 million a year to 3 million a year by December,\" A Gopikumar, vice-president (commercial) of the Nashik unit, told TOI.He said the company will also increase the manufacturing capacity of nozzles from the current 30,000 units per day to 40,000 units by December. \"Of the Rs 300 crore, around 60% will be spent on CRDi expansion, while the rest for expansion of nozzles,\" he said.Besides expanding its current facility, Bosch will also be setting up a new CRD injector manufacturing plant adjacent to the existing plant in Nashik. \"Of the total 100 acres, 40 acres are still not utilised and that portion will be utilised for our new proposed unit. We have already started construction, which will have a total built-up area of 31,000 sq m. The plant will be operational by the end of the year 2013 and total investment in the project will be close to Rs. 300 crore,\" Gopikumar said.\"Initially, the capacity of this proposed manufacturing plant will be up to 1 million CRD injectors, which will be expanded to 3 million units in next two years once the operation begins,\" he said.These are part of the Rs 2,200-crore investment for the entire Bosch group in India announced in January.Bosch has been expanding its capacity in its Nashik plant and has also been constantly investing in it. Production of common rail injection systems has gone up by 60%, while production of nozzle holders has gone up by 20%. Over the past five years, Bosch has invested around Rs 565 crore at its Nashik plant. In addition to these investment, it is also planning to invest an additional Rs 600 crore over the next two-three years.Bosch's Nashik facility, which is spread over 100 acres at Satpur MIDC area, produces high quality common rail diesel injectors and nozzles for diesel engines of all types and applications. The company has five manufacturing facilities located in Nashik, Bangalore, Naganathpura, Jaipur and Goa.BIG TICKETBosch to pump in Rs 600 cr in its Nashik plant.Investment to expand capacity, set up new unit.Over five years, firm has invested Rs 565 cr.To make 3 million CRD injectors per year by Dec.Current capacity is 2 million CRD injectors.To also increase nozzle production to 40,000 units per day.Currently firm produces 30,000 units of nozzles per day.To set up new CRD injector manufacturing plant by Dec 2013.Initial capacity of new plant to be 1 million CRD injectors.To increase capacity to 3 million units in next two years.Plans part of Rs 2,200-cr investment for entire group in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12988363", "title": "Over 80 matriculation examiners suspended", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Teachers' not turning up for matriculation examination paper valuation is emerging as a major problem, raising fear of delay in publication of results. Sources said more than 3,000 teachers had not reported for their assignments as examiners. Over 80 teachers were suspended for not reporting for examiners' duty on Wednesday and Thursday.After delayed examinations, the board is running against time to publish results in time. Around 21,000 examiners are engazed in the valuation process in 71 centres from May 1. The district education officers (DEOs) have been issued instructions to suspend the erring teachers and ensure 100 per cent attendance, Mishra said.DEO (Baripada) Udaynath Majhi, who suspended the highest teachers under his jurisdiction, said around 150 teachers were absent in Mayurbhanj district alone. \"It is difficult to manage with such large scale absence,\" he said. Forty teachers were suspended in two schools in Baripada town on Thursday.Downplaying the large-scale absence of teachers in evaluation, BSE president Satyakam Mishra said, \"It is a routine affair every year. This year, however, we are taking stricter action against the absentees because we want to finish the evaluation process in time so that result is out by June 30. Last year, BSE had declared the result on June 25.Teachers, however, said paper evaluation is a thankless task in the hot summer afternoon leading to such non-attendance. \"They pay us just Rs 5 per paper. One teacher can't evaluate more than 30 papers per day. Why should someone work for such a paltry sum,\" questioned a teacher who is staying away from examiner's duty.In another related development, the BSE is trying hard to clear space to store the around 40 lakh answer-sheets of 5 lakh students after the evaluation is over. The board has recently invited tenders for disposing answer-sheets of 2011 to create space.\"We don't have sufficient go down to store such huge volume of papers. We need to dispose last year's papers to store this year's,\" the BSE president said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12987473", "title": "Bombay HC: Can't divorce wife for pushing condom use", "text": "MUMBAI: Planning when to start a family cannot be treated as cruelty, said the Bombay high court on Thursday, upholding the family court's dismissal of a man's divorce plea.An HC division bench of judges P B Majmudar and Anoop Mohta was hearing a petition by Pradeep Bapat (30), who said that during their honeymoon his wife Prerna (26) refused to have sex unless he wore a condom and subsequently refused to conceive on the grounds that they were not financially stable.\"She must not have shown willingness to become a mother unless there was financial stability. She wanted to give the child a better life,\" Justice Majmudar said. \"It is a mutual decision and a husband cannot insist,\" said Justice Mohta.The reply of Bapat's advocate- \"Why do people go for honeymoon?\" - raised a few titters in the courtroom.The judges also held that Pradeep's other grounds for seeking divorce--not knowing to cook, not being religious, not parting with salary and not folding clothes properly--did not amount to cruelty either. Bapat's lawyer said his family wanted a working graduate as his wife, who would live in their joint family and also do housework. To this, Justice Majmudar said, \"A woman is not a slave. The wife is an ardhangini (a man's other half). Her right of freedom of speech cannot be taken away. You have put (common household troubles) in the plea. If we construe these as cruelty, then no marriage will be safe.\"Observing that Bapat's family was \"conservative\" and \"full of perfection\", Justice Majmudar said, \"You (Prerna) should not have selected this house.\"Her advocate replied, \"She was the eldest (child) and unless she married, her younger sister would not have been able to do so either.\"Justice Majmudar said, \"Girls are still treated as a burden on parents. A girl must know to which family she is going (after marriage).\"In their order, the judges said the case was an eye-opener for those who were yet to marry. They said that especially in the case of arranged marriages, the prospective husband and wife should get to know each other and see if they could live happily together. \"It is the duty of (both sets of) parents to consider various aspects before the actual marriage takes place.\"The judges were told that Prerna was willing to return to her marital home, but Bapat did not want her back. The couple married in February 2007; Prerna left her marital home in June the same year.The judges noted that in a short span of time, the relationship between Prerna and Bapat had become strained. Also, Prerna was \"subjected to ill-treatment\" and Bapat \"treated her as if she was on probation\". \"A girl coming into an entirely new atmosphere would have expected love and affection. The husband and his family are required to see to it that a (newly) married woman does not feel that she has come to an absolutely strange place,\" the judges said.(Names changed)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12988405", "title": "Fast-track sanction in graft cases, departments told", "text": "NEW DELHI: In order to check arbitrariness in exercise of discretionary powers of ministers, the government on Thursday directed all ministries and departments to publicize regulatory parameters within three months to check such misuse. It also asked all departments to strictly follow the time limit of three months to decide on granting sanction for prosecution against a public servant accused of corruption.The directive came after the government accepted recommendations made by a group of ministers, led by finance minister Pranab Mukherjee , to tackle corruption.The department of personnel and training (DoPT), in its circular, also asked the ministries to send a copy of existing guidelines within a fortnight in case they have already been framed. \"All ministries or departments which are yet to prepare appropriate guidelines in this regard are requested to do so within three months,\" the DoPT circular said.The GoM had recommended this after examining the proposal related to \"relinquishing discretionary powers enjoyed by ministers at the Centre\".The government has accepted the recommendations of the GoM and in April told all departments to put in place regulating parameters for exercise of discretionary powers and put them in public domain so as to minimize arbitrariness in exercise of such powers.The government has already done away with discretionary allotment of gas pumps and issue of gas coupons besides discretionary funds at the hands of some ministries like social welfare among others.On following the time limit of three months to decide on granting sanction for prosecution against a public servant accused of corruption, the government said, \"In the event the competent authority refuses permission for sanction to prosecute, it will have to submit its order, including reasons for refusal, to the next higher authority for information within seven days.\"It further said that wherever the minister-in-charge of the department is the competent authority and he decides to deny permission, it would be incumbent on the minister to submit within seven days of passing such order denying the permission a note to the prime minister for information.The DoPT has also asked secretaries of respective departments to monitor such requests by prosecuting agencies and submit a monthly compliance report to the cabinet secretary.\"It will be the responsibility of the secretary of each department of the ministry to monitor all cases where a request has been made for permission to prosecute. Secretaries may also submit a certificate every month to the cabinet secretary to the effect that no case is pending for more than three months, the reasons for such pendency and the level where it is pending may also be explained,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12988829", "title": "Ex-Trai chief blames private players for delay in finalizing universal access licences norms", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former telecom regulator Pradeep Baijal on Thursday said he had been under pressure from private stakeholders not to finalize guidelines for the universal access licences in 2003.Baijal's testimony to Parliament's joint committee on telecom came after he was questioned by BJP member Yashwant Sinha over why as Trai chair he had taken 18 months instead of six months to come up with guidelines for UASL.The former Trai chief, who held the job between 2003 and 2006, was asked to name the corporates who tried to pressure him. He replied that he did not face any pressure from the government, but some private players did approach him.CPI's Gurudas Dasgupta wanted to know if his recommendations had delivered specific benefits two older telecom players Tatas and Reliance. Baijal denied the charge and said no favours were done to any business interest.The former bureaucrat was also quizzed by Congress's Manish Tewari over \"altering\" his own Trai recommendation for a multi-stage bidding process and setting the entry fee for the new unified licence as that paid by the fourth cellular operator.Tewari asked Baijal on why he went back on his recommendation within 14 days to revise the clause dealing with bidding and expressed his disbelief when the witness said the then policy did not preclude new players. Baijal sought to draw on the experience of China and India's improved teledensity to back the decisions he took as Trai chair.On being asked about his association with Tatas, Baijal is believed to have responded that he was part of strategic consultancy and did not work directly for lobbyist Niira Radia either.Sinha also questioned Baijal over his claim that he was unaware that the NDA government was in the process of framing guidelines for a new unified access licence, saying he could not be unaware that a group of ministers had been set up for the purpose. Sinha, who headed the GoM, said the government was awaiting Trai guidelines that were approved by the Cabinet in October, 2003.Baijal also found himself having to explain his remark that the UASL and 2G licences were part of a progression to 3G that would include existing telecom players. He was asked if only existing players were to be considered, why three pre-existing services were rolled into one licence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12989225", "title": "Feast of Mae de Deus at Saligao", "text": "The feast of the Mae de Deus (Mother of God) church in Saligao will be celebrated on May 6. The feast mass will be celebrated at 9.30am by parish priest Fr Justino Luciano Fernandes. The vespers will be held on May 5 at 6pm. In the evening on the feast day, comedian Ambe's tiatr 'Khori Khuxealkai' will be staged.Betalbatim consumer forum meet: The Betalbatim civic and consumer forum (BCCF) will conduct its monthly meeting on May 5 at, at 5pm, at St Jude's High School, Betalbatim. Besides the upcoming panchayat poll, issues related to BSNL bills, water supply, health, garbage , fair price shop, kerosene supply, LPG, banking, etc, will be discussed, states a press note.Ayurvedic camp at Saligao: The Ayurvedic Natural Health Centre (ANHC), Saligao, is conducting a free health check-up camp at its premises, behind the Saligao church. The camp will be on till May 6.Screening of German film: Sunaparanta - Goa Centre for the Arts, Panaji , will host the screening of a German film, 'Four Minutes', on May 9, at 6.45pm.Art exhibition at Panaji: An art exhibition titled 'Lightness of Being' by artists Praveen Naik and Vasudev Shetye will be opened on May 7, at 6.30pm, at Kala Academy, Panaji. The exhibition, which is curated by artist Apurva Kulkarni, will be on till May 11.Blood donation camp at Calangute: Hotel Calangute Towers, in association with the JCI Mapusa and Goa Medical College, will organize a blood donation camp at its premises in Calangute on May 11, between 9.30am and 1pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12989300", "title": "Virus hits melon crop in Punjab", "text": "JALANDHAR: Recent rain has not only damaged the wheat but the melon crop also. The humid weather has led to a spurt in viral diseases, which according to experts, has adversely affected 30-40% of the crop.After last year viral disease hit the area, the melon belt has seen melon cultivation shrinking in parts of Jalandhar and Kapurthala districts.But as the fruit from the state is considered to be of good quality, from this year, the fruit would be sent to neighbouring states of - UP, Uttarakhand , Delhi, Haryana, Rajasthan and J&amp;K.; Now, farmers feel due to untimely rain quantity and quality would be impacted.Gurbax Singh, a farmer of Mallupur village near Rupewal Mandi, which is said to be the largest melon mandi in the country, said that he had cultivated the crop in 80 acre land but he was not even expecting to recover his basic investment. \"I spent around Rs 11 lakh but the crop did not even get flowers properly and the yield would be much less. I don't expect to even recover my cost,\" he said. \"Last year, also the disease had hit the crop,\" he said. \"I won't cultivate melon crop next year,\" he added.Tega Singh of Chak Chela village said that the last year the viral disease had hit the crop and this year humid weather coupled with virus was not allowing development properly. \"I cultivated melons in 45 acres land and would now incur losses,\" he said adding some of the cultivators whose crops were almost completely damaged had ploughed their fields.Kapurthala and Phagwara horticulture development officer Sukhdeep Singh said that already the area under melons had decreased to around 30% due to the disease last year. \"This year the humid weather has helped the viral disease to spread and impact the crop,\" he said. \"Around 30-40% crop has been affected,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12988285", "title": "Anger over corporators' demand for pension", "text": "MUMBAI: It has almost been a year that a proposal has been sent to the government, demanding a pension scheme for corporators, but the urban development department is yet to respond or amend the BMC Act to make provisions for it.The government has been sitting on a corporators' demand for a pension. In the last one year, a proposal has been sent to the state urban development department for making an amendment in the BMC Act making provisions for corporator's pension.The corporators's argument is that if a legislator and a parliamentarian can enjoy pension, why can't they. Moreover, they argued that after an MLA became an MP, he/she could still avail of a legislator's pension, but corporators were not entitled to any financial aid after their tenure were over.Civic activists, however, have slammed the corporators for demanding pension. Hansel D'Souza of Juhu Citizens' Action Group said, \"All payments to corporators should be linked with their work. They could have been given a raise only if they had done some work to improve the quality of living in their wards.\" The BMC Act has no provision for pension to corporators. Indrani Malkani, trustee of V Citizens Action Network, said, \"What is the logic for asking for pension? Corporatorship is not a primary employment. The payment they receive for their services is only a token for the services they render.\"Apart from demanding a pension, the civic body's standing committee has also asked that corporators' monthly honorarium be raised from Rs 10,000 to Rs 25,000. The government is reportedly sitting on this proposal as well. \"The previous two mayors wrote to the urban development department asking for corporators' pension. But there has been no response from them yet,\" said a senior official from the municipal secretary's office. Echoing him, Rahul Shewale, chairman of the standing committee, said, \"There has been a notice of motion regarding this. The urban development department has been asked to increase the monthly allowance as well as pay pension to corporators. There has been no response from the government.\"TOI contacted the state urban development department to track the progress of the proposal but to no avail.Currently, each of the 227 corporators in BMC gets a monthly honorarium of Rs 10,000, Rs 150 for attending a civic meeting, the total amount is not supposed to exceed Rs 600 in a month, a laptop with pre-installed software for administrative purposes and free BEST bus passes. A committee chairmen gets an additional Rs 3,000 as a monthly refreshment allowance, a car and a driver. The fuel charges are paid by the BMC.The demand found a mention in the standing committee meeting on Wednesday when Congress corporator Vishnu More said the move to give pension to corporators would help curb corruption. Backing the demand, Congress corporator from Bandra told TOI, \"As a corporator, we receive a stipend of only Rs 10,000. A fellow corporator suggested that like legislators and parliamentarians, even we work at the grassroots level, interacting with people. So, we should also get a raise and receive a pension like them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12988755", "title": "Ranchi Universityteam finds Doranda College irregularities", "text": "RANCHI: Following allegations of harassment against a professor of Doranda College under Ranchi University (RU), many other irregularities prevailing on the college campus that were ignored for a long time have come to the light.A two-member committee was sent to Doranda College by the university to investigate the allegations against S K Jha of the political science department.Students, female staff and even the professor-in-charge of the college, V K Tiwary, charged Jha with behaving indecently with girls and wearing inappropriate clothes at the campus.The inquiry committee also found some other irregularities, including illegal construction done at the behest of Tiwary on the campus.RU vice-chancellor L N Bhagat said, \"After the committee went for an inquiry, I started getting more complaints regarding irregularities, including illegal construction and recruitment of a lecturer without sanction. I asked the committee to investigate all the issues thoroughly.\"Tiwary was appointed an ad hoc principal. \"Tiwary does not have the authority to make any recruitment but the probe committee found that he had even appointed a lecturer without the university's sanction and his name has been put up with regular staff,\" said the VC.The inquiry report was to be submitted last week itself, but as more issues started cropping up, the date of submission has been extended.One of the members of the probe committee said, \"We have submitted two reports, including the allegations against Jha and the scuffle between two female lecturers. But we are still working on the other two issues. We hope to submit the report by next week.\"\"I will decide only after I get all the reports,\" said the vice-chancellor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12989092", "title": "Batanagar double murder suspect still on run", "text": "KOLKATA: Police are yet to track down Santosh Singh, the prime suspect in the Batanagar double murder, although 48 hours have passed since the gruesome killings. Investigators tracked his mobile phone locations all of Thursday and say that he is still in Kolkata but they haven't been able to pin him down.Antara Naha, 23, an Indian Air Force nursing cadet and her 55-year-old aunt Shibani De were stabbed to death at their home in Batanagar, South 24-Parganas, on Tuesday evening. The killers struck in the 15 minutes that Antara's mother went out to get water. Police suspect that Santosh, who apparently had a close relationship with Antara when they were pathology students from 2008-2010, plotted her murder because she walked out on him. He may have attacked her when she spurned his advances, said an officer. Shibani may have been stabbed when she tried to save her niece. It is also possible that the killers attacked her to stop her identifying them.\"From the mobile tower locations, we gather that Santosh is still in Kolkata. The address listed in the records of the medical college where he studied with Antara is not correct but we went to the mess in Howrah where he used to stay. People do remember him but could not give his present address. We have his address in Uttar Pradesh but won't go there immediately. We want to nab him in Kolkata itself,\" an officer said.Neighbours who rushed into the house on hearing Antara's mother scream unwittingly destroyed vital evidence, say police. \"We collected fingerprints from crime scene but it's still not clear whether they will be of any help. Many people entered the house after the murders and left a lot of prints. There were a large number of footprints as well. We have checked the wash basin carefully. This was where the murderer seems to have washed his hands before making a getaway. There are bloodstains on the tap and we photographed it from several angles. The blood samples that we collected from the spot weren't fresh either,\" a forensics expert said. They also searched the narrow path that the murderer is suspected to have taken after leaving the house for clues.Additional SP Kankar Prasad Barui said that investigation has progressed and the case should be solved in the next few days. Some people, including Antara's friends and neighbours have been questioned in this matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12987558", "title": "Bangalore University vice-chancellor talks tough to staff on strike", "text": "BANGALORE: With administrative work at a standstill for the third consecutive day, Bangalore University vice-chancellor N Prabhu Dev appealed to non-teaching staff to end their strike. He also came down heavily and asked them not to dictate to him on issues that don't come under their jurisdiction.The staff wanted him to come to the Jnana Bharathi campus and resolve their 20-odd demands. The V-C has been functioning from the city campus for the past few months. He wrote to them to come to the Central College office and speak to him but the staffers' association paid no heed to that.In his letter to the association on Thursday, he wrote: \"I had appealed to all of you to come to Central College campus to settle the issues immediately. But you have not. In spite of you not coming to Central College Campus, I have suo moto considered all your demands. I do not see any justification to continue this strike. However, I wish to put on record that you cannot dictate about issues that are not within your domain,\" he said.\"I have received several complaints from the students and others in view of putting student community to inconvenience and hardship,\" he went on. Almost almost non-teaching staff have been boycotting work and some teachers are showing solidarity.These staff will continue the strike on Friday. \"All our demands are not answered. Some of his answers are vague. Our demands are not new. He may not be able to solve all of them, but he must give a reason. We have asked him to come to the campus,\" said Munirajappa, Bangalore University Teachers' Council, which is supporting the strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12988849", "title": "In a first, Coimbatore zoo sees python hatchlings", "text": "COIMBATORE: A female python of the Indian Rock variety has hatched 22 eggs at the Coimbatore VOC Zoo on Wednesday.Dr K Asokan, the director of the zoo said that the eggs were laid more than a month ago. They were kept in a separate temperature controlled room and nurtured carefully.\"The temperature in the room must be 30 degrees Centigrade. One bulb was burning continuously in the room,\" he said. Out of the 23 eggs the python laid, 22 have hatched, he informed.There are only two phythons in the zoo. The male is 12-years-old and the female is 25-years-old. They were put in the same enclosure for two weeks in October, in the hope that they would mate. This is the first time that snakes in the zoo have been allowed to mate. After 80 days, in early March, the female laid the eggs and immediately encircled them until they hatched.Dr Asokan said the female python had consumed nothing except water for an extended period of time.\"Only after the eggs hatched, the python began eating again. It was fed a live hen. It consumes one hen a week. The small snakes are fed pieces of chicken or egg mixed with antibiotics, to improve their immunity,\" he said.The demand for Indian Rock python is high in the international market, as its skin is used to manufacture products like belts, purses and shoes. It is not poisonous but constricts its prey and suffocates it to death. Their usual prey includes hens, and small animals.Although they do not consume human beings, there are instances where men have been killed by it. As the snakes are not poisonous, there is a tendency among many to keep them as pets.\"This can be dangerous. There have been instances where the python has even killed its owner or other members of the family,\" said Asokan.Corporation Mayor, SM Velusamy, Deputy Mayor Leelavathy Unni, Corporation commissioner TK Ponnusamy and senior officials visited the zoo and later spoke with the press. Velusamy said that the corporation has taken very good measures to develop the zoo to attract tourists.\"This is one of the few choices that residents of Coimbatore and Tirupur have as far as entertainment goes. We have sent a proposal to the prison department requesting them to hand over 44 acres to the zoo and are awaiting their response,\" he said.Corporation officials indicated that the zoo may be shifted to the outskirts of the city if the proposal is not considered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12987514", "title": "Over 3.38 lakh to appear for Maharashtra health and technology entrance exam on May 10", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra Health and Technology Common Entrance Examination (MHT-CET), to be held on May 10, will see a total of 3,38,313 students appearing, a jump of over 35,000 students compared to last year. Of these, 20,479 will appear from Nagpur and 7,854 from Amravati. This could well be the last MHT-CET as next year National Entrance-cum-Eligibility Test (NEET) for medical admissions is set to begin. Last year, 3,02,684 had registered for the exam from 786 centres across the state, as per figures provided by Mumbai-based Directorate of Medical Education and Research (DMER).Highest number of aspirants- 35,819- is from Pune while Mumbai suburbs follow with 27,746. Mumbai city has 13,263 candidates while nearly 70,000 students will appear from 11 districts of Vidarbha. Those registering for medical, engineering and both streams have witnessed a rise compared to last year. For medical seats, there is a rise of 10,026 candidates while for engineering seats the rise is of 12,409. For both groups there is an increase of 13,194 candidates over last year.Though the number of medical aspirants is increasing each year, it is still less than the figure of 2004 when as many as 79,000 candidates appeared for medical entrance. At that time, the medical and engineering entrance exams were held separately. DMER officials attributed this trend to more number of engineering colleges and less duration of studies (four years) compared to medical field where candidates study for over a decade. Over 1.27 lakh engineering seats, 7,000 medical, and 8,345 pharmacy seats are up for grabs for the students through this exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12990173", "title": "Samajwadi Party may field Dimple Yadav from Kannauj", "text": "LUCKNOW: The bypoll for the Kannauj parliamentary seat is likely to remain a family affair for the Samajwadi Party . The party plans to field chief minister Akhilesh Yadav's wife Dimple from Kannauj.The seat has fallen vacant following the election of Akhilesh Yadav to the state Legislative Council.A large section in the party believes that Dimple will win the stronghold of the Yadav clan. SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav is in favour of Dimple as the party wants to make a political statement out of her victory, particularly after her defeat in the 2009 bypoll from the Firozabad parliamentary seat.Dimple had lost the seat to SP rebel Raj Babbar who contested on the Congress ticket. Dimple's defeat in Firozabad had also led to rift between Mulayam and Amar Singh .There were also reports that Akhilesh's brother Prateek Yadav may start his political career from Kannauj, but indications are that the SP will field Dimple.A housewife, Dimple's public life has been limited to her interaction with village women in and around Mulayam's hometown of Saifai in Etawah. Dimple had kept a low-profile till her appearance as the SP candidate from Firozabad which, too, was vacated by her husband Akhilesh.Dimple's defeat was a major blow to the party as Firozabad was considered its stronghold.Initially unwilling to contest, Dimple was convinced to enter the political fray in 2009 by Amar Singh.Party sources say Dimple's defeat in 2009 came as a turning point in Akhilesh's political career.He offered to come out of his father's shadow and take control of the party. He agreed to lead the SP. And, the results were seen in the SP's massive victory in the 2012 assembly elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12986835", "title": "Gayle snubs Somerset to play for West Indies", "text": "BANGALORE: Chris Gayle has put himself in line for West Indies selection after telling the selectors that he was indeed available for all forms of the game once he was done with his contractual obligations with the Bangalore IPL team.\"I am not into too much detail but yes I have spoken to the selectors there and they asked about my availability after the IPL and I explained that I am available for all forms of the game,\" a relaxed Gayle said on Thursday.Following the telecon with the selectors on Tuesday, Gayle had issued a full-fledged statement on the issue, where he even said that he had pulled out of his contract with English county side Somerset in order to categorically make himself available for selection into the West Indies side.Somerset were to figure in a domestic T20 tournament which clashed with WI's ODI series against England. That, apparently, was a condition insisted on by West Indies Cricket Board chief executive Ernest Hilaire.Having done his part, Gayle now awaits the next move from WICB. \"So it is a situation in which I am waiting for the one-day side to be selected now. So let's see what will happen,\" he said.That by reneging on his Somerset contract, he's taken a big risk was made clear in his official statement earlier. \"I understand that by making this decision, it may place me in a position of considerable risk, since I am forgoing a signed contract, without any guarantees whatsoever, with only the hope that I will be selected to play for the West Indies again.\"About the performance of West Indies in recent times, Gayle is certainly not enamoured, not even after the fighting series against Australians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12988226", "title": "Evaluation of UP Board copies in full progress", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Evaluation process for examining high school and intermediate answer sheets in various subjects is in full swing at centres earmarked for the purpose by UP Board authorities under tight security arrangements.At Allahabad 9 evaluation centres have been set up at Government Inter College(GIC), CAV Inter College, K P Inter College, Dr K P Jaiswal Inter College, Sewa Samiti Inter College, Agrasen Inter College, Jamuna Christian Inter College, Bharat Scouts and Guides School and Kesar Vidyapeeth. The department has deputed 6500 examiners for conducting evaluation work at Allahabad.This year a total of 2,46,947 students appeared in the board examinations from Allahabad out of which 1,37,809 appeared in high school while the remaining 109,138 in intermediate.Additional secretary, UP Board, Vinod Krishna said that he said that a total of 236 evaluation centres have been set up by the UP Board and UP Board has deputed around 1,14,000 examiners to smoothly conduct the process. Officials were briefed about the process of panel evaluation of answer books in different subjects including Physics, Chemistry and Biology.The process would also be applicable in subjects like Science and Social Science of High School examinees.This year the UP Board had distributed coded answer sheets in 10 districts where cases of mass copying had been reported on previous occasions. The officials were instructed to randomly check the answer sheets from these districts in order to ensure that coded answer sheets have not been tampered.He added that the evaluation process is being conducted smoothly and in case there is shortage of examiner in a particular subject at any centre the board is promptly shifting examiners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12988936", "title": "Dwarka circle to get pedestrian subway", "text": "NASHIK: The National Highway Authority of India is planning a second subway at Dwarka circle for pedestrians. Dwarka junction, situated at the intersection of the Mumbai-Agra national highway and Nashik-Pune highway, witnesses traffic snarls on a daily basis.\"The subway is being constructed taking into account the inconvenience faced by pedestrians to cross the busy junction,\" NHAI project director Sriram Misra said.The road widening work and construction of flyover, which has been delayed by six months, is expected to be over by this year-end. \"While the four-lane fly-over will help vehicular traffic on the Mumbai-Agra highway bypass city traffic, the eight lanes beneath it, comprising four lanes of the highway and four-lane service road will be used by the city traffic as well as the highway traffic. The subway will lead to all the five roads at the Dwarka junction,\" Misra said.Misra said the subway will be properly illuminated so that it can be used by commuters also in the evening hours.Since long people are looking forward to the completion of the road widening of the Mumbai-Agra highway passing through the city. With nearly 10,000 vehicles using the Mumbai-Agra national highway and the Nashik-Pune highway passing through the Dwarka Junction, besides the city traffic on either side of this intersection, crossing this junction has become a nightmare for pedestrians.Apart from this, railings and landscaping is also on the cards in between the highway and the service roads. \"The railings and landscaping is done in view of not only improving on the appearance of the flyovers and the highway in general but to ensure that the traffic of the service road does not enter the highway and vice versa, frequently,\" Misra said.There would be approximately a meter wide gap between the highway and the service road. The railings and the landscaping would be done in this portion and it would also help in avoiding encroachments and accidents, as people have a tendency to jump on the highway or service road whenever needed.Delays have dogged this ambitious highway project, which involves widening the carriageway from two to six lanes and the construction of seven flyovers along the stretch. In the first place, the work was supposed to begin in January 2010 but it actually started 10 months later due to objections raised by NGOs over hacking of trees to widen the road. Trees were transplanted with varying degrees of success. Now the NHAI's objective is to ensure that work is complete by Jan 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12988207", "title": "Essar, Loop violated UASL guidelines, CBI tells court", "text": "NEW DELHI: CBI on Thursday began its arguments on charges against Essar group promoters Ravi Ruia and Anshuman Ruia, Loop Telecom's I P Khaitan and Kiran Khaitan and Essar group director (strategy and planning) Vikash Saraf saying the accused deliberately violated Unified Access Services Licences (UASL) guidelines by making \"false and dishonest impression\" before DoT to get 2G spectrum.Opening its arguments on framing of charges against the five accused, who figured in the CBI's supplementary chargesheet in the 2G spectrum allocation scam, special public prosecutor U U Lalit said, \"The basic case of the prosecution (CBI) is that they (accused) have violated clause 8 of the UASL guidelines and false and dishonest impression (made by them) is the crux of the matter.\"He said that as per clause 8 of the UASL guidelines, \"no single company or legal person, either directly or through its associates, shall have 10% or more equity holding in more than one licensee company in the same service area for the same service\".Lalit said the UASL guidelines were designed with a view to have fair competition in telecom sector but they violated its conditions with \"fraudulent and false means\".The CBI, in its chargesheet, had alleged that Essar, which already had a stake as an existing telecom operator, created a \"front company\" Loop Telecom to secure additional spectrum which was in contravention of the then telecom policy.Besides the five accused persons, the CBI had also filed chargesheet against three companies -- Loop Telecom Pvt Ltd, Loop Mobile India Ltd and Essar Tele Holding. Lalit gave flow charts and summary of arguments to the court to buttress the charges levelled against the accused.Detailing the facts of the case, Lalit said BPL Mobile Communication Ltd was having licence in Mumbai circle and its subsidiary BPL Mobile Cellular Ltd was having licences in the Tamil Nadu, Kerala and Maharashtra circles respectively.He said Rajya Sabha MP Rajeev Chandrasekhar was holding 63.07% equity, T P G Nambiar, founder group chairman of BPL, and ICICI Trusteeship was having 7.2% and 9.30% equity respectively in BPL Communications Ltd.In May 2004, Ravi Ruia made an announcement that Essar group would buy BPL companies and at that time, Essar had 33% stake in Hutchison Essar Ltd which was having licences in 19 circles, Lalit said.He said from May 19, 2004 to July 16, 2005, 63.07% equity of Chandrasekhar in BPL Communications was purchased by Santa Trading Pvt Ltd (STPL) and for this Rs 304 crore was paid by Essar Tele Holding Ltd (ETHL) and for this, Saraf had signed an agreement on behalf of ETHL.Out of Rs 304 crore, Chandrasekhar invested Rs 254 crore in ETHL which was later returned by ETHL with Rs 11.115 crore interest, Lalit said. He said that in a board meeting in October 2004 chaired by Saraf, ETHL decided to buy 9.99% equity of BPL Mobile for $26 million from M/s Asia Pacific.After this, in December 2004, one Dominance Holding sold 26% equity in BPL Mobile to Asia Pacific for $20 million.Lalit said that from September 2, 2004 to June 2, 2005, two employees of Essar group were the directors of STPL. He said in July 15, 2005, 7.2% equity of Nambiar in BPL Communications was purchased by STPL for which Rs 124.99 crore was paid by ETHL.Lalit said BPL Cellular and BPL Mobile sold their stake to Hutch and the entire amount of Rs 2,737 crore was paid to ETHL directly by Hutch. He said on September 3, 2007, applications for UASL were filed for 21 circle by Shipping Stop Dot Com (India) Pvt Ltd.After the filing of applications, Shipping Stop Dot Com became Loop Telecom Pvt Ltd on September 21, 2007. Lalit said after the issuance of letters of intent (LoIs) to Loop Telecom for 21 circles by DoT on January 10, 2008, licence fee was paid by the firm which was allegedly sourced from Essar group.Detailing the roles of the accused, Lalit said, \"Saraf, in conspiracy with Ravi Ruia and Anshuman Ruia and other persons, applied for licences and they fraudulently did it. They made false representation to conceal the actual hold of Essar on it (Shipping Stop Dot Com which later became Loop Telecom Pvt Ltd).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12987688", "title": "Govt depts must be as efficient as DMRC: Sheila", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi government is now trying to emulate the management style of Delhi Metro. Chief minister Sheila Dikshit seems impressed by the work ethics of Delhi Metro Rail Corporation ( DMRC) and says she has urged departments like PWD to be as efficient as Delhi Metro, which she hailed for its \"meticulous planning\" and dedication. She was effusive about Delhi Metro, its former chief E Sreedharan and its present managing director Mangu Singh for giving the national capital a \"gift and a present which is unforgettable.\"Dikshit was speaking at the Foundation Day celebrations of Delhi Metro on Thursday. \"We have an ambition - every government department and employees become as efficient as Delhi Metro. Everyone should think they should be like Delhi Metro and achieve more than that. It is a role model,\" she said.She also said the proposed monorail project, which was earlier to be executed by Delhi government, will now be done by Delhi Metro. \"A detailed project report as well as the implementation of the Shastri Park-Trilokpuri monorail alignment will now be done by Delhi Metro,\" she said.Dikshit said the government planned to build a monorail network so that people in areas where Metro is not available can use this mode of transport.\"When Metro does something, there is a difference. The way they have cordoned off the Janpath area for construction is amazing. There is no traffic jam and the same way it has been done at Bhahadurshah Zafar Marg as well. It has been done neatly, meticulously and with great dedication,\" she added. She hoped that the monorail project would be as efficient as Delhi Metro. Dikshit also gave away awards to several persons. The best station award was given to HUDA City Centre Metro Station.Meanwhile, Sudhir Krishna, secretary, urban development ministry, said that with Metro systems coming up in several parts of the country, the government wants components and other spare parts of trains to be manufactured indigenously by domestic firms. Krishna said the government would prepare a draft plan in this regard in the next six weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12987327", "title": "Miners\u2019 body to undertake 3-phase expansion plan to control occupational hazards", "text": "NAGPUR: In the wake of an ever increasing workload due to demand from both public and private sectors, the city-based National Institute of Miners' Health (NIMH) has proposed to the Union ministry of mines a massive three-phase expansion plan. In the first phase, the stress is on instrumentation and manpower. The ministry has already formed a group that has evaluated the proposal and in principle agreed to fund the proposal to an extent of Rs 10 crore for the first phase for two years.NIMH at present in located in the Jawaharlal Nehru Aluminium Research Design and Development Centre (JNARDDC) on Amravati road, about 15km from city. It has just one floor to itself. The institute is learnt to have demanded a separate building within JNARDDC that has about 100 acres of land and the centre is occupying only about 25 acres.The proposal has a provision of Rs 1.25 crore for acquiring land from JNARDDC. \"It is for the first time since 2002 when the institute shifted to city from the Kolar gold fields that the activities have increased to an extent that justifies expansion,\" said NIMH director P K Sishodiya.Assistant director BB Mandal said that the NIMH's prime job was to keep a watch on occupational hazards and diseases associated with mining industry and includes initial and periodic medical examinations and health surveillance of workers as per Mines Rules, 1955, and recommendations of 10th conference on 'Safety in Mines'.It is also expected to conduct regular personal exposure assessment studies for noise, dust, vibration, heat stress, ventilation &amp; humidity in different mines and evaluate the workplace environment as per regulations. NIMH also took up contract research to find solutions and identify gap areas related to health of workers and organized training programmes for medical officers as per ILO classification 2000.The NIMH's expertise also includes audiometry, whole body vibration study, computerized vision screening of workers to detect noise induced hearing loss (NIHL), which is one of the common occupation hazards in mining industry.\"The NIHL has been included in the list of notified diseases only last year by the directorate general of mines safety (DGMS). We have found evidence of NIHL of 15-20% in workers. Another disease called Raynaud's Syndrome affects the workers dealing with vibrating tools like drilling machines. Continuous exposure leads to loss of sensation in fingers and hands. It also affects shoulder and wrist joints badly,\" explained Sishodiya.One of most dangerous diseases, Silicosis, affects lungs of metal mine workers. It is also called Potter's rot and is caused from regular inhalation of crystalline silica dust. It causes inflammation and nodular lesions in upper portion of lungs and results in breathlessness, cough, fever, and cyanosis (bluish skin).\"But unfortunately most doctors misdiagnose it as pulmonary edema (fluid in the lungs), pneumonia, or mostly tuberculosis or TB. They are not trained in interpreting the chest radiograph of such patients. NIMH has detection facility of free silica content in respirable dust using Fourier Transform Infrared Spectroscopy (FTIR). This indirectly harms the patients. They are treated as multi-drug resistance or MDR tuberculosis as they do not respond to TB treatment. NIMH can train doctors in proper silicosis diagnosis as it becomes a killer disease if not treated or treated wrongly,\" said the director.The institute is also equipped for evaluation and ergonomic assessment of mining machineries for vibration, noise, dust emission as per ISO Standards, training on conducting airborne dust survey, creating health awareness and promotion programme on occupational health issues.Ongoing projectsDevelopment of protocol for evaluation of vibration hazard potential of mining equipmentStudy of potential bio markers of occupational diseases in minersPilot study on health status of workers and nearby population around iron ore minesThe three phase planPhase I (two years): equipment, manpower (scientists) and land acquisition.Main equipment include 30 personal dust samplers, noise monitoring equipment, Fourier transformed infra-red spectrophotometry used for detecting silica percentage in dust.Biochemistry lab with all known biomarkers.Phase II (three years): construction of independent buildingPhase III (five years): starting training academy for mine officialsDevelopment of protocol for evaluation of vibration hazard potential of mining equipmentConducting the study of potential bio markers of occupational diseases in minersPilot study on the health status of workers and nearby population around iron ore mines", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12989265", "title": "Actor Soumitra Chatterjee receives Dadasaheb Phalke Award, but still awaits dream role", "text": "NEW DELHI: Since 1959, when he played Apu in Satyajit Ray's trilogy, Soumitra Chatterjee has been notching up credentials that deserve the Dadasaheb Phalke Award. At Vigyan Bhavan on May 3, the day Indian cinema turned 100, the iconic actor took home the citation commending his outstanding contribution in garnering worldwide acclaim for Indian cinema.The Phalke, which he received from Vice-President Hamid Ansari , acknowledged that the refined thespian, who is also a sensitive poet, \"dignifies his emotive art with the universality of diction\". Harnessing his dashing looks and Bengali sensibility to the visual language of cinema, Soumitra carved a place for regional players in the international arena. \"If celluloid maestro Satyajit Ray found in him the ideal protagonist for his creations, Soumitra Chatterjee turned them into classic studies in characterization,\" prompting both niche and popular cinema to rely upon his versatility that continues to inspire younger actors and filmmakers.When actors Vinay Shukla and Soumya read out the citation, the entire gathering in the hallowed hall endorsed it with a standing ovation. Over the years, the honours have poured in for Soumitra -National Award, Sangeet Natak Akademi Award,Tagore Ratna fellowship, Padma Bhushan, a lifetime achievement award from Italy and Officer des Arts et Metiers from the French government. But the Phalke, Soumitra said, \"is truly an honour because it is one award that has never been abused\". Devika Rani, B N Sircar, Pankaj Mullick, Dhiren Ganguly, Kanan Devi, Nitin Bose, Ray, Hrishikesh Mukherjee, Mrinal Sen, Tapan Sinha, Manna Dey... one glance at the distinguished line of Bengali-speaking awardees before him explains his joy.And \"it's never too late,\" one could add, quoting last year's Phalke awardee. For like the evergreen Ashok Kumar , who was \"surprised to be honoured without retiring\", Chatterjee, too, has no time to sit at home. There's still fire in his belly for challenging roles, and Bengali cinema, which is rejuvenating itself, cannot do without him.\"All these years, I did not work for this honour, I worked for the love of acting,\" he told TOI before the awards ceremony. \"That has got me here, and the journey will continue after this too.\" In his acceptance speech, he thanked his audiences for their love and for \"supplying the energy to continue with what I believe to be a good art\".After 400 films - 14 of them with Ray - he cannot pick a favourite. Nor does he want to sit on his laurels. \"But an actor cannot create roles for himself, so I'm waiting for Anjan Dutta to give me a dream role,\" he said, pointing to the actor-director whose 'Ranjana Aami Aar Ashbona' won him the jury's award.Like every other actor, Soumitra too \"wanted to be a star but more than that I wanted to be an actor\". However, though he gained worldwide recognition as Ray's favourite actor, he acted only in Bengali films. \"Though not consciously, I felt that an actor can excel only when he has full control over the nuances, delicacies and subtleties of his language,\" was how he explained it. Besides, unlike popular Hindi films that represent an easy way of defining entertainment, regional cinema, in Soumitra's words, \"is a distinct kind of art with roots in the soil and more accurate in describing life\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "12988429", "title": "Thai tourist killed in road mishap", "text": "DHANBAD: A tourist monk from Bangkok was killed in a road accident at Topchanchi, 35 km from here on Thursday. Nimit Jithrown and Teeti Srijan, a TV journalist from Thailand, were on their way to Bodh Gaya from Kolkata, in a SUV, along with tourist guide Hira Paswan and driver Hiralal Paswan, when the mishap took place. The vehicle hit the road divider on NH-2 and turned turtle, killing Nimit and injuring others. The injured were immediately rushed to Pataliputra Medical College Hospital for treatment.Srijan who represents a Thailand TV channel was here to cover the Budha Jayanti celebrations from May 4 at Bodh Gaya. As his condition worsened, he was shifted to a Kolkata hospital in the evening.Shankar Kamdi, officer-in-charge of Topchanchi police station told TOI that Paswan admitted to have lost control over the wheels as he felt drowsy. He hailed from Bodh Gaya and was hired by the Thai tourists to pick them up from the Kolkata airport and take them to his native place via road.Police apprehended that Paswan felt sleepy when he reached Topchanchi as he was behind the steering wheel for over 12 hours at a stretch and failed to keep his control on the vehicle leading to the mishap. The tourist guide also received severe injuries in the accident.Nimit's postmortem was done at the PMCH and few monks from Bodh Gaya have been asked to receive his last remains from the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12988717", "title": "Opposition demands chief minister's resignation", "text": "RANCHI: The Opposition - Congress, Jharkhand Vikas Morcha-Prajatantrik (JVM-P) and Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) - pitched the demand for resignation of chief minister Arjun Munda for his failure to keep the ruling alliance united in the Rajya Sabha elections on Thursday.Attacking Munda for his inability to even keep its traditional ally Ajsu Party intact, which led to defeat of four-time MP and BJP candidate S S Ahluwalia, senior JVM-P leader Pradeep Yadav said the chief minister has no right to continue. Congress candidate Pradeep Kumar Balmuchu and JMM nominee Sanjeev Kumar won the election by getting 25 and 23 votes, respectively. \"The government has lost majority in the assembly and the alliance had fallen apart. Munda should immediately resign from the office on moral grounds,\" said Yadav.Congress legislator K N Tripathy, too, raised the demand for resignation of Munda and also requested the JMM to part ways from the government. \"The result of the election clearly shows that not only Ajsu but also the two independent MLAs - Chamra Linda and Videsh Singh - who were part of the ruling alliance, too have not voted for either the BJP or the JMM,\" said Tripathy. \"If fact, all the independent MLAs voted in favour of our candidate who stands for a secular force,\" Tripathy added.RJD legislative party leader Annapurna Devi also toed the line of other opposition parties and called the defeat of the BJP candidate as failure of the chief minister.However, BJP state president Dineshnanad Gowami even after clear difference within the ruling alliance claimed that the government is stable. \"There is no threat to the government as the alliance partners are together. The BJP candidate has lost but Ajsu had voted for the JMM and not to any opposition candidate,\" said Goswami.The claims of Goswami could not get support from JMM as deputy chief minister Hemant Soren said party chief Shibu Soren would take the final decision on fate of the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12988754", "title": "Release of foodgrain could inflate subsidy bill by Rs 20-25K crore", "text": "NEW DELHI: With its granaries brimming over, the government faces a crippling dilemma: The tab for releasing foodgrain to make way for new arrivals adds up to Rs 20,000-25,000 crore, an unviable addition to the subsidy bill.The government's bind was succinctly outlined by finance minister Pranab Mukherjee when he told a meeting called by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Wednesday that vacating food silos will mean a hefty cost at a time when battling deficits is priority.With bumper harvests and hikes in procurement prices filling up food silos, the meeting on food stock management found there are no easy answers despite a growing concern that the government is adding to its existing stock. ToI had reported on April 4 that by June, 12 million tonnes of food grain will have to be stored in the open.Confronted with the hard economics of moving food grain out of storage, the meeting agreed on setting up a committee to consider a long-term policy on grain export with agriculture minister Sharad Pawar's argument that a stop-start approach is hurting farmers and industry finding support.Pawar is believed to have said CMs like Parkash Singh Badal of Punjab were pressing that they should be allowed to export foodgrain as the Centre lacks storage for wheat procured in the Rabi season. As it is, stocks had been kept in the open on \"kutcha plinths\" for more than two seasons.Sources said the PM, who is conservative about foodgrain exports being wary of the political risk in case domestic prices rise, could now be more amenable. He made a telling intervention when Pawar was pitching for sugar exports, saying interests of farmers were closely linked to the health of the industry.The PM took the view that there is a need to strike a balance between exports and domestic demands.The meeting, attended by senior ministers like home minister P Chidambaram, food minister K V Thomas and commerce minister, besides Mukherjee and the PM, worried about a cycle of high MSP-record procurement-storage deficits becoming an fiscal nightmare.It was felt even if government added storage capacity; it would be simply locking away foodgrain as offering stocks to states at a price higher than at PDS rates found no takers. The holding cost of food grain, meanwhile, is burning a hole through the government's pocket.As even states other than traditional wheat baskets like Punjab and Haryana delivering bonus yields, food stocks are set to hit the 75 million tonne mark. The current off take of 53-55 million tonnes for PDS will not clear stocks fast enough for fresh procurement.Moving grain comes at a cost as government pays Rs 22-Rs24 for every kg procured, while the above poverty line sale price to states is Rs 8 a kg and the discussion saw the ministers also approving earlier decisions to ease export controls on sugar and cotton. The procedures are expected to be put in place soon.On ethanol pricing, the meeting was uncertain whether the government should fix a price for farmers. The issue is expected to be debated by the Cabinet soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12988231", "title": "Stamp duty scam: IT firms under scanner", "text": "NOIDA: Following complaints of irregularities in the sale and purchase of land in Noida, Greater Noida and Ghaziabad, the UP stamp department has initiated a probe and ordered concerned officials to file a report in the matter. There are around 200 plots in Noida alone that are under the scanner and this scam is expected to be to the tune of at least Rs 150 crore.On Thursday, the UP stamp and registration minister commented on the issue and reportedly ordered department officials to start the probe.Sources in the stamp and registration department said that mainly IT companies are under the scanner. \"In 2005, to bring in IT companies to set shop in Noida, plots were allotted to them and they were exempted from stamp and registration charges. There were complaints that a large number of companies who had been exempted from tax are still not carrying out IT-related activities in the twin cities,\" sources said.Stamp and registration department DIG, Vijay Dev Sharma, told TOI that a meeting has been scheduled in Lucknow on Friday. \"Once we find irregularities, strict action will be taken against the companies,\" Sharma said. If companies are found guilty, not only will their plots be cancelled, but they will also have to pay heavy penalty.Sources said there is also a parallel probe being carried out by the district industries centre. There are many plots that were allotted to IT companies in Phase-II area and in and around Sector 62 in Noida.In addition, another probe has also been initiated in Ghaziabad to find irregularities in the stamp and registration duties. \"We have tied up with the Noida and Greater Noida authorities along with the Ghaziabad Development Authority. The reports are likely to be filed by both stamp and registration department and DIC in two weeks after which future course of action will be decided,\" said a senior official and member of the investigation team on anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12991197", "title": "Deepika Kumari in women's individual final of World Cup", "text": "KOLKATA: Promising Indian archer Deepika Kumari has made the final of the women's recurve individual event of the World Cup Stage 2 at Antalya.She will play Korea's Lee Sung Jin in the summit clash on Saturday.According to the information received, the 18-year-old defeated Chinese Taipei's Lin Chia-En 6-1 in the semifinals. In the quarterfinals, she had beaten Karina Winter of Germany 6-0 on Thursday.However, all the men's recurve archers and men's and women's compound archers fell by the fourth round.National compound men's champion Rajat Chauhan of Rajasthan reached the quarterfinals only to lose to Braden Gellenthien of the US in the tie-breaker.Both archers shot 144 points each. In the one-arrow tie-breaker, both scored a 10 each. The American won the contest as his shot was found to be closer to the centre.The Indian men's recurve team who ended fifth with a total of 2012 points will compete in the team elimination on Friday.The Indian women's recurve team finished seventh with 1920. The men's compound team ended eighth with 2086 as the women's team was sixth with 2024.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12994462", "title": "Amitabh Bachchan shoots for KBC 6", "text": "After recuperating from illness, Amitabh Bachchan gears up for KBC season 6.Amitabh Bachchan is back to work and facing camera once again after recuperating from his illness. He all set for Kaun Banega Crorepati season 6. Bachchan shot for the promos of KBC registrations of season 6 on Thursday.He shot 5 different promos in a day. After that he shot with famous photographer Avinash Gowarikar. Like all previous KBC seasons, Amitabh will have a smart look which has been designed by Rohit Bal .Let's hope this season turns out to be as happening and interesting as the previous ones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12989838", "title": "Money circulation firm chairman held", "text": "HYDERABAD: Crime Investigation Department ( CID) officials on Thursday arrested chairman of Bharat Prem Sadan (BPS), a money circulation company involved in illegal business across various states.The investigating agency officials said that G Prasad, chairman of BPS, had collected Rs 45 crore through 29 agents in Nellore. The activities of BPS were spread across AP, Tamil Nadu and Karnataka, officials said.The money was circulated through various societies including HIM Trust (Heavenly Inter Denominal Mission Trust), Bharat Prem Sadan, Youth &amp; Strength Christian Welfare Association, Youth Alive Society, Trogopan Formers Society, New Vision Foundation, Little Lamb Baptist Church Mission Trust, Jesus Preaches Association, Trinity Grace Ministry, Maranatha, Help to Poor International Trust, Centre for Women Solidarity, RMP Infotech (Resource Money Power) and Online Survey World Organization.\"Out of the 79 cases registered against BPS and its affiliates in various districts, we took over the investigation into cases registered in Nellore, Prakasam, Warangal, Kurnool and Karimnagar. After taking over, we elicited the names of the trust members, coordinators and main agents involved in collection and misuse of money. So far, chairman of HIM Trust, the main accused in the case, and some other agents were arrested,\" additional DGP (CID) SV Ramana Murthy said in a press release.Of the total 111 people accused in the case, till now 26 have been arrested and an amount of Rs 18.67 crore was recovered from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12987461", "title": "Ad-hoc jobs driving away good teachers from Nagpur University", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as the role of quality education is being recognized in the country, some of the city colleges still seem to overlook the importance of qualified educators. Most colleges now hire contributory lectures rather than having more teachers on roll, in order to save money. The list largely includes newly opened engineering, law and MBA colleges.Many of these colleges do not even have sufficient number of teachers as per the norms, making them make such ad hoc appointments when an inspection is due. Academicians say that not only does this trend affect the standard of education but it also causes a severe shortage of qualified teachers in the city as they prefer to work in more reputed colleges in bigger cities.\"Around 60% of teachers in city colleges are those working as contributory lecturers. This saves these institutions a lot of money,\" said senior academician and former president of Nagpur University Teachers' Association (NUTA) Eknath Kathale, who had earlier raised the issue in the university senate.Agreeing on this view was former lecturer from Dhanwate National College (DNC) Pradip Hadke. \"Many youngsters who are willing to come into the profession and have cleared NET/SET have gone to other bigger cities as the colleges there offer them better opportunities.\"In many colleges, it has been known that the candidates are asked for big amounts for a job or the post is only given to someone known, he said.Another senior teacher from the city, who has been on both sides of the table, believed that it was unfair to blame the colleges alone for this. \"Even the government finds it difficult to pay their employees according to the recommendations of the sixth pay commission. How can private colleges afford to do it? Besides, many newer colleges may not have students in a couple of years. Having permanent teachers on roll would be a big gamble involving a lot of complicated procedures,\" he said. He pointed out that this is happening in many other cities as well.The vice-principal of Dr Ambedkar College AP Joshi believed that this is happening because there are not enough candidates with the right qualifications and qualities. \"The success rate of the students from the region is not very high, except for SC/ST candidates who have a lower cut-off. Many times, if qualifications do not pose a problem the quality of the individuals does not satisfy the management enough,\" he said.Points to noteQualified teachers from city prefer to teach in bigger citiesCity colleges prefer to appoint teachers on ad hoc basis to save money on salariesColleges do not have enough number of teachers as per required normsWell-connected teachers who are not necessarily qualified manage to get jobsHaving permanent teachers is a gamble for collegesThere are not enough candidates with the right qualifications", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12988870", "title": "Private schools welcome window to to fix fee based on expenses in Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: Private schools in the city have welcomed the latest directive of the Madras High Court to over rule the earlier fixed fee rate by the state government appointed Justice Ravi Raja Pandian Committee and directed it to revise the fee rate in accordance with the expenditures incurred by the school managements.The ruling will be applicable for schools that had appealed against the committee's fee slab announced last year. The school managements felt that the interim 15 percent hike permitted by the court till the committee revises the fee structure was a bit low compared to their expenditure in running the institutions without compromising the quality of education.\"Something is better than nothing. We have faith in the judiciary and decided to pursue the legal option since we felt the prescribed fee was low,\" said Gayathiri Prakash, Principal, Jay Cee Higher Secondary School.About 300 state schools had filed writ petitions before the High Court soon after the government appointed fee committee announced revised fee rates for private schools in June 2011. Several disputes between private schools arose as managements claimed that some schools got a better deal than others.\"The committee had fixed Rs 6150 for class 5 and Rs 12,100 for class 12. It was hardly enough to run the institution which prompted us to seek legal counsel and approach the High Court,\" Gayathiri Prakash added.Another school that had approached the court from Coimbatore is Bharati Matriculation Higher secondary School on Thadagam Road. The school management claimed that some calculation errors had occurred when the committee fixed the academic fee structure for their institutions and they had no option but to seek legal help.The Association of Federation of Private Schools in Coimbatore claimed that very few schools went for an appeal from the district against the fee prescribed by the committee. \"There was general resentment among the private schools in Coimbatore but only very few schools went for legal appeal. They also did it on an individual basis,\" said R Visalakshi, President, Association of Federation of Private Schools, Coimbatore.\"The latest court order is applicable to very few schools in Coimbatore that had approached the High Court,\" said R Manimohan, Chairman, Students welfare Association of Parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "12989892", "title": "\u2018Telangana-JAC discussing bypoll stand\u2019", "text": "NIZAMABAD: Telangana political JAC chairman M Kodandaram has made it clear that they will not enter the byelection fray as theirs is not a group which has as its goal the pursuit of power.And, as to the question of supporting any particular party in the Parkal bypolls in the wake of BJP's decision to contest the seat, Kodandaram said that they would take a decision after discussing the matter with all JAC stakeholders.Stating that their purpose was well-defined, Kodandaram dismissed reports in a section of the media which claim that the ongoing movement for a separate Telangana state had weakened.He said that a number of issues are at stake in a movement which espouses the interests of a large section of society and thus differences of opinion are natural. \"But that doesn't mean that the movement itself is on a weak wicket,\" he explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12977215", "title": "Jaya moves away from Rekha", "text": "Politics is often about playing musical chairs. And Rajeev Shukla , state Minister for Parliamentary Affairs, may have finally managed to negotiate the minefield that is Rajya Sabha by reassigning seats for two very special members.As this diarist had reported yesterday, Jaya Bachchan's request to be moved out of her earlier seat, which would be dangerously close to that of debutante Rekha , had put Shukla's office in a fix. But the good news is, he may have been able to work out a solution after all. After some careful permutation and combination, the minister has swapped Mrs Bachchan's seat with another party colleague, at 143, far away from her previous 91. As for Rekha, we believe she will be allocated 97 or 98.Incidentally, it is customary for all Rajya Sabha members nominated by the president to be seated together. And from what we hear, Sachin Tendulkar will be in the good company of Javed Akhtar . Given how our nominated members have not been overtly fond of attending the sessions, one wonders if the brouhaha over seats is actually worth it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12991398", "title": "AIIMS Bhopal to start functioning by July-August this year", "text": "BHOPAL: The All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) here is expected to start functioning in the next three months providing state-of-the-art medical facilities to the people of Madhya Pradesh.\"Established under the ambitious Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojna, the premier medical institute modelled like AIIMS New Delhi will start functioning from July-August this year if everything goes as per the plan,\" AIIMS Bhopal, Director, Professor Sandeep Kumar said.\"We are striving hard to meet the deadline of July- August to start the prestigious institute in Bhopal with an intake of 50 students,\" he said.Appointment of 40 faculty members is in its last stage and now the Government of India's concerned department will have to issue their appointment orders.Construction of staff quarters for the newly appointed members of the AIIMS Bhopal are already completed while construction of medical college building too is almost 70 per cent completed.AIIMS Bhopal is being established on a 154 acre land situated in the Saket Nagar area.\"We are working overnight to achieve the targets,\" he said adding \"most of the time I am in New Delhi to push things for faster implementation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12987458", "title": "Assocham presents development plan to chief minister", "text": "LUCKNOW: Bringing the spotlight back on the need for industrial growth in Uttar Pradesh, a delegation of industry body Assocham met chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Thursday. Led by Lalit Khaitan, chairman and managing director of liquor giant Radico Khaitan , the Assocham team presented Akhilesh a 30-point agenda for the Samajwadi government. Recommendations made by Khaitan and his team mention 28 areas where the state government needs to intervene immediately, within 100 days or over a long period. The suggestions, Assocham general secretary DS Rawat said, would help UP achieve double digit growth over the next decade.Later, the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry (Assocham) team met chief secretray Jawed Usmani and infrastructure and industrial development commissioner Anil Kumar Gupta and handed over a charter of demands to them. Speaking to TOI, Khaitan said: \"We met chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and found that he has a very progressive approach to development. Considering that the government is still new, it is still too early to expect the results. However, things are moving in the right direction. We will return to Lucknow more regularly to continue the dialogue.''Khaitan, who was a member of Uttar Pradesh Development Council during the previous Mulayam Singh regime, however, did not comment on whether he might return to the state in the same capacity, if the formation of a UP Development Council would be announced.He added, however, that it was of critical importance for the government to engage with private sector partners and to introduce an investor-friendly policy in Uttar Pradesh. Khaitan, also the chairman of Assocham's Northern Region Development Council, said: \"The state government must aggressively invest in upgrading the social and physical infrastructure, offer tax exemptions, lucrative incentives, schemes and subsidies to encourage investments from leading industrialists.\"Outlining the steps the government needs to take immediately to boost industrial growth, Rawat said UP needed to strategically formulate and implement the industrial policy, regularly monitor industrial growth and performance, keep tabs on production, distribution and development, and also ensure that prominent industries achieve at least 10-12 % annual growth. Rawat added that it was important to increase the share of employment in the industrial sector from the current 8% levels to 15% in the long run.Apart from seeking special attention to specific industries like cement, paper and pulp, leather, rubber and tyre, consumer durables, light machine tools and engineering industry, Assocham said the state government should work in collaboration with the private sector to develop industrial areas equipped with requisite industrial infrastructure facilities like roads, drains and integrated power lines during the first 100 days of its tenure. Rawat added that industrially backward regions should be promoted through a cluster development approach based on PPP model to spur investment and employment scenario.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12988072", "title": "Sub-inspector suspended over civil rights' violation", "text": "JAIPUR: Vidhyadhar Nagar police station sub-inspector Mukesh Meena has been suspended for \"premature arrest of an accused and for violation of civil rights of the arrested person\".A case of cheating against five persons running an education institute in Vidhyadhar Nagar was filed in March by advocate Bhairon Lal Sharma. The police had arrested one Rajesh Kumar regarding this.But, on Wednesday Kumar's relatives filed a complaint with senior police officers that Kumar was arrested and beaten up by Mukesh Meena, the investigating officer.Police commission B L Soni set up an inquiry into the matter and handed it over to additional deputy commissioner of police (North II) Anil Tank.Deputy police commissioner (DCP) North, Mahindra Singh said, \"After the investigation, two points came to light which were mentioned in the report. First, the arrest was premature as before the arrest the investigating officer had not conducted complete investigation. Second, it was found that it was also a case of civil rights' violation. Hence, the police commissioner suspended the sub-inspector and handed over the matter to station house officer Kushal Singh.\"Vidhyadhar Nagar police said in March one Bhairon Lal Sharma had filed an FIR against five accused and Rajesh Kumar was one of them. Kushal Singh said, \"In the FIR Sharma mentioned that he paid Rs 37,226 to the education institute to admit his daughter for foundation course of pre-medical test. But, the institute did not hold classes even though they had taken money from Sharma. On this Sharma filed an FIR.\"He said that Kumar was presented before the court on Wednesday and he was granted bail by the court. Singh said, \"Even complainant Sharma mentioned in the court that Kumar's relatives have returned his money, on that basis the court gave bail to the accused,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12987391", "title": "Foreign experts to give guidance to PMC's health department", "text": "PUNE: A group of five to six experts from foreign countries will assist the PMC health department to enhance its health surveillance and daily functioning. The group will provide expertise over a period of three weeks starting from February 18, 2013. The experts are being made available by IT company IBM as part of its corporate social responsibility programme. As part of the IBM Smarter City Challenge Grant 2012, Pune and Ahmedabad municipal corporations have been chosen by the company to receive expert guidance. The experts will sit in the two corporations for three weeks, where required database and computers will be provided by the civic body.\"This is the second year of the Smarter City Challenge,\" said Mamtha Sharma, corporate citizenship and corporate affairs manager at the company's India unit. \"We have chosen Pune and Ahmedabad for 2012, though the programme will be implemented in 2013, when our experts will work with the civic bodies for three weeks. The preparation will start more than three months in advance.\" The PMC has decided to focus on its healthcare sector. The experts will be informed about the present status of the civic body's healthcare system, the diseases that frequently happen and current procedure of responding to them. The project will involve creating a blueprint for setting up a surveillance system to address important issues related to the health of the citizens.Data related to epidemics, hospital facilities, vulnerable constituents like senior citizens, pregnant women, etc., will be collated from different sources. Using predictive analytics it will become possible to detect emerging healthcare threats enabling proactive action, said a statement issued by the company.Anup Kumar Yadav, additional commissioner, PMC, said, \"We continue to discuss various approaches towards improving health services. However, the experts will provide us with a different view on the subject.The experts may come up with some solutions, suggestions for speedy responses to situations and precautions needed to be taken in the health sector.\" Meanwhile, Sharma said, \"Experts may not necessarily be from the healthcare sector, but from structural architecture, data processing and handling, among others.\"All the expenses of the experts, including their briefing, interaction and stay in Pune, will be borne by the company. There are 100 municipal bodies across the world, where the company would be implementing the programme with a total budget of $50 million. At the time of launching the programme, the company had undertaken the Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor project, which aimed to develop several cities across the railway corridor. The expert committee worked on possible gaps and challenges expected to crop up in future, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "balangir/koraput", "code": "12988349", "title": "'Maoists' kill three in Balangir, Koraput", "text": "BALANGIR/KORAPUT: In renewed violence, suspected Maoists have killed three persons in Balangir and Koraput districts, police said on Thursday. While two villagers were murdered at Luhasingha near Patnagarh in Balangir district, the Maoists killed a suspected police informer at Tentuligumma in Koraput's Boipariguda block on Wednesday night.Balangir police said the bodies of Gobardhan Pande (20) and Kailash Agrawal (31) were found wrapped up with gunny bags on the outskirts of Luhasingha village on Thursday morning. Police said sharp weapons were used to murder them.Police said Kailash was the owner of a mahua flower godown where Gobardhan was working as a night watchman. After killing the duo, the rebels took away around hundred bags of chahar (minor forest produce) from the godown.Police suspect that the killings may be the handiwork of Maoists, but they are not ruling out other angles. \"The motive could be ascertained only after investigation,\" said SP (Balangir) R Prakash.In the other attack, a group of armed Maoists came to the home of Balaram Naik (35), a marginal farmer at Tentuligumma, around 11 pm on Wednesday and asked him to follow them. \"The Maoists took Naik with them in the night and on the day after, locals spotted the bullet-riddled body of Naik lying in a pool of blood, about 2 km from the village,\" a source at Boipariguda said.A Maoist letter recovered from the spot of crime stated that Naik was punished as he was working as a police informer and was passing information to police regarding the movement of the Red rebels in the area. However, brushing aside the Maoists allegations SDPO of Jeypore Utkal Ranjan Das said, \"The deceased was neither our informer nor we have ever received any information from him. Most of the time the Maoists kill civilians to settle scores and label them as police informers to escape the ire of villagers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12965964", "title": "Chandrachur Singh turns TV host", "text": "Actor Chandrachur Singh , who made his name on the big screen, and then disappeared into oblivion plans to return with a bang. He has signed not only a few films, but the actor will also be seen playing host on a TV channel.Interestingly, Chandrachur will be seen hosting 'Royal Rasoi', a cookery show that'll be aired on Food Food. So how is Royal Rasoi different from the various food shows on the small screen? Well, it takes you to places and into the palaces where royalty resides, showcasing the food etiquette and culture of the Kings of India.Royal Rasoi will also be a peek into he general lifestyle of the Maharajas of India. The first season has been shot entirely in Rajasthan, and will consist of 13 episodes giving the viewers a dekko into the lifestyle and kitchens of the Royalty of Rajasthan.Chandrachur Singh, himself, is a great cook, and will also showcase his culinary skills on the show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "sangrur", "code": "12994334", "title": "Punjab FM denies any economic crisis", "text": "SANGRUR: Denying any economic crisis in the state, as is being alleged by opposition Congress, Punjab finance minister Parminder Singh Dhindsa has said government has no financial problems and it is functioning smoothly.Dhindsa said: \"New avenues are being explored to generate resources and efforts are being made to cut expenses, increase revenue by tightening noose around tax defaulters.\"He, however, did not disclos the new avenues.Stressing on smooth economic condition, Dhindsa said: \"the second instalment of arrears to Punjab employees, accrued due to fifth pay commission largesse, will be disbursed at the end of May or start of June\". First instalment of 40% has already been paid. Dhindsa said 7% dearness allowance(DA) from January will also be paid soon to the state employees on the pattern of central government.Dhindsa, who was here on Friday, said the state authorities have not withhold the salaries of any government employees, the salaries of only teachers employed under Zila parishads are pending and that too has been cleared.On the question of loss due to abolition of octroi on petrol, diesel, Dhindsa said state government would bear the loss but said the municipal councils too should generate resources and collect arrears from defaulters.Dhindsa demanded special package for Punjab so that state could come to the aid of aggrieved farmers to pull them out of debt and also called upon union government to increase the storage capacity for grains in Punjab to minimize losses due to less storage capacity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12988164", "title": "Don't frame coercive media norms, SC told", "text": "NEW DELHI: Constitutional expert Fali S Nariman and former attorney general Soli S Sorabjee on Thursday told the Supreme Court that it would be judicial overreach if the Supreme Court framed coercive media guidelines on reporting ongoing criminal trials.The ominous warnings from Nariman and Sorabjee came on the concluding day of the over month-long deliberations by a five-judge bench comprising Chief Justice S H Kapadia and Justices D K Jain, S S Nijjar, R P Desai and J S Khehar, which heard wide-ranging arguments from counsel on the need for framing guidelines for media on reporting of trials.Sorabjee said, \"The Supreme Court should not take upon itself the task of framing any guidelines which are coercive in nature. This is a legislative function. Court-framed guidelines would take away the right of a citizen to challenge such a guideline had it been framed by Parliament or a state legislature.\"However, he agreed with the bench that the apex court could enunciate the principles based on earlier verdicts, drawing the contours of press freedom which would be applicable to very limited cases where the right of the accused to fair trial was prejudiced. \"You can enunciate the law, but no guidelines,\" he said.He said the apex court must not confuse interest of media in a high-profile case with media trial. \"True media cannot hold a parallel trial by commenting on the guilt of an accused during the trial, but surely it can discuss if someone should have got bail or not,\" he said.Nariman was more forthright. \"All that was needed to be said on press freedom and restriction has been said in the Constitution and there is no vacuum for the court to contemplate laying down guidelines. Normative guidelines, which attorney general G E Vahanvati also agreed to, will surely be respected by the media. The apex court is held in high esteem and there should be no misgivings about the media honouring such normative guidelines,\" he said.The bench said it never intended to punish journalists but let them know the 'Lakshman Rekha' while exercising press freedom in reporting ongoing criminal trials. \"This will protect the journalists from possible contempt proceedings as well as prevent prejudice to accused,\" the bench said.But Nariman was unconvinced. He said, \"The right to free speech and expression guaranteed under Article 19(1)(a) of the Constitution is limited by the restrictions enumerated in Article 19(2). There is no gap to be filled by the apex court. If there is a need for additional restrictions, it has to be done by Parliament or state legislature.\"He said there were enough restrictions and powers conferred under the Contempt of Court Act to regulate media reporting. \"Anything which is not part of the Contempt of Court Act cannot be inserted by the Supreme Court as an additional restriction on press freedom. Let us not go to the jurisdictions in Canada and Australia, for our Constitution is long enough to cover all fields,\" he said.Senior advocate K K Venugopal said the best way to deal with unscrupulous reporting of trial proceedings was to examine case by case whether there was anything published which would prejudice the accused or impede administration of justice. He also suggested that media guidelines could be built into the journalist accreditation norms to make them more accountable towards fair and accurate reporting.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12994054", "title": "Singhvi unwell, not to attend Rajya Sabha for rest of Budget session", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress member Abhishek Manu Singhvi, who had got into a CD controversy last month, is unwell and will not be attending Rajya Sabha during in the second half of the budget session of Parliament.Citing \"illness and family commitment\", the Rajya Sabha MP sought leave from April 24 to May 22, which was granted by the Upper House today.P J Kurien, who was in the chair, informed during the Zero Hour about Singhvi's application for leave.The House also granted leave to another ruling party member T Subbarami Reddy, who had sought permission to remain absent from April 25 to May 22.Singhvi, was seen in Parliament corridor on the first day, when the session had resumed on April 24 after recess. The budget session comes to an end on May 22.A day before the session reconvened, Singhvi on April 23 resigned as Chairman of a Parliamentary Committee and party spokesperson in a damage control exercise.In a letter to Congress president Sonia Gandhi , he had informed her of his decision ten days after circulation of a CD purportedly involving him.Singhvi had in the letter maintained that all allegations were \"patently baseless and false\" and he resigned \"only to prevent even the slightest possible Parliamentary disruption\" over the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12987396", "title": "Police bust money lending rackets, 2 held", "text": "LUCKNOW: Police on Thursday arrested two persons including a woman on charges of running a money lending racket without the required permit and victimising their clients by charging impractically high rates of interest. The arrests were the part of a special drive launched by the Lucknow police against illegal money lending trade flourishing in Lucknow, which has compelled quite a few persons to end their life due to the sustained harassment by such moneylenders.Reports said Ram Kumar Srivastava of Indira Nagar who owns a travel agency, is also into money lending business and had loaned Rs 1 lakh to Mohammed Naim of Ghazipur area. Naim is into computer hardware business and took to loan to expand his business. During the course of time that followed Naim reportedly repaid a total of Rs 1.24 lakh out of which Rs 24,000 was deemed as interest.However, even after receiving Rs 1.24 lakh, Ram Kumar allegedly harassed Naim, demanding Rs 1 lakh more. He told Naim that the amount, which he had paid by then was only the interest on the loan and that he is yet to repay the principal amount. Frustrated over sustained harassment from Ram Kumar, Naim lodged a complaint with the Ghazipur police in connection with the incident following which Ram Kumar was arrested and sent to jail.The second incident was reported from Alambagh area where a middle-aged woman residing in Alambagh was arrested following a similar dispute with Izhar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12989830", "title": "Advocates against shifting of CBI court", "text": "HUBLI: The shifting of the CBI court from the Dharwad session court to Bangalore has upset the people of North Karnatak region and advocates are now demanding the government shift it back.The court, functioning on the premises of the Dharwad session court since 1987, was set up for the speedy disposal of CBI cases pertaining to North Karnatak, including Belgaum and Gulbarga.On March, 6, 2012, the government issued a notification with regard to the shifting of the court to Bangalore.The court has about 15 staff members and a separate judge.VD Kamreddi, president, Dharwad Bar Association, told TOI the government had said the shift had been done because the number of CBI cases have come down. CBI officials claimed that witnesses in CBI cases found it difficult to come to Dharwad to give their statement from places like Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata and Pune. They reportedly found Bangalore more convenient.Kamreddi said the number of CBI cases has not come down. \"We have already submitted a memorandum to the district in-charge minister Jagadish Shettar and law minister Suresh Kumar asking for the court to be shifted back,\" he said.He added: \"We also plan to take a delegation of around 20 senior advocates to meet the chief justice of the high court and apprise him of the situation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12992055", "title": "Shakti Arora hosts the Dadasaheb Phalke Awards", "text": "The highest honour for an actor in Indian cinema is to receive the prestigious Dadasaheb Phalke Award that is presented by the Government of India for lifetime contribution to the field of cinema.Held annually, this year's awards were very special because it commemorated 100 years of Indian cinema. An ecstatic Shakti Arora, known for anchoring Gyaan Guru, hosted the awards ceremony on 3rd May at Tulip Star Hotel, Juhu. When contacted, the actor revealed to sources that he had butterflies in his stomach and was unprepared for the event.He further stated that he was honoured to be a part of such a mega event where all great actors and producers of Indian cinema would be attending, including the reclusive Amir Khan who unveiled a wax statue of Dada Phalke. Arora is the grandson of yeasteryear actor Chandershekhar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12988512", "title": "Nithyananda\u2019s appointment would ruin mutt, says PIL", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has asked the Hindu religious and charitable endowments (HR&CE;) department and the Madurai Adheenam to maintain status quo in respect to the protection of properties belonging to the mutt.An interim direction to this effect was issued by a vacation bench comprising Justices C S Karnan and K Ravichandra Babu on Thursday, after advocate S Prabakaran submitted that anointment of Nithyananda as the mutt's next pontiff would sound death-knell for the centuries-old seat of Saivism.The matter relates to a PIL filed by an advocate seeking to restrain the HR&CE; commissioner and adheenam from permitting Nithyananda to hold the post. When the case came up for hearing, Prabakaran submitted that the head of an adheenam is an administrative as well as financial controller of the mutt according to Section 6(22) of the Tamil Nadu HR&CE; Act 1959.Noting that the Act stipulated that a trustee should not suffer any mental defect or have been convicted of any offence or involved in moral delinquencies, he said making Nithyananda the 293rd guru of the adheenam was an ill-conceived move. It is not intended to better the Saivite cause, Prabakaran said, and wanted the court to quash the appointment. The bench has adjourned the matter to June 4 for further hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12987646", "title": "Jahanpanah poses security threat, DDA blames settlements", "text": "NEW DELHI: South Delhi's green lung has become a major security concern for residents of nearby areas. The Jahanpanah City Forest, owned by DDA, has become home to anti-social elements with two bodies having been found there in the past two months and reports of at least five forest fires since February.DDA says the Dakshinpuri and Govindpuri settlements are mainly responsible for the degradation of the forest. Piles of waste collect along the boundary wall adjacent to these colonies, while drinking, gambling and coke snorting are widespread. The forest's boundary walls are often broken down and tree stumps can be seen all across, indicating large-scale illegal felling.Lt Col B N Pathak, a resident of Neelgiri Apartments in Alaknanda, says the forest has always been susceptible to encroachment and anti-social activity, but the situation has worsened in the past few months. \"Agencies concerned are taking no action to control the situation. Even police patrolling is erratic. The present security guards are not even vaguely familiar with the forest and spend most of the day sitting in gazebos or guard houses away from the heat. I have seen people set a part of the forest on fire and run away,\" he said.The forest has shrunk by about 50% in the past 20 years with its 800 acres eaten into by several encroachments. Even now, houses of the adjoining Dakshinpuri area have been built on the forest boundary wall and all their waste is dumped into the forest. Large parts of the area are littered with plastic bags, broken bottles and pan masala pouches. In a letter written by the Greater Kailash-II Welfare Association to the LG, residents have said despite an annual contract of 30 security guards, of which 10 are armed, illegal activities abound in the area.\"Barely a third of the guards meant to be stationed there can be seen. The forest is being used as a dumping ground and for open defecation; a bike has been stolen and construction of illegal structures continues unabated. People are scared to even venture into the forest alone,\" said a resident of GK-II.A temple and a mazaar have also come up inside the premises for which demolition orders had been issued. However, DDA has so far only removed the additional area occupied by the temple.A senior DDA official said there was constant pressure on the forest from the Govindpuri and Dakshinpuri sides. \"Residents often pull down the walls to bring in cattle. There are houses along the wall and so much waste is dumped there that there was once a mound almost 12-foot high. We have to deploy our own people to clear the garbage. People set the forest on fire purposely and have attacked our guards on a few occasions, injuring them quite seriously,\" he said.The official added that DDA doesn't have the staff strength to patrol the area, so the contract for security personnel had been given out to a private company. \"We do not have powers to prosecute and have approached the police on several occasions for help. We have also spoken to MCD to get encroachments removed but nothing has happened so far,\" he said. The forest has nine entry points and not all are constantly manned by guards.A senior police officer, said, \"We have received a few complaints about petty incidents and keeping in mind some earlier incidents, patrolling has been increased in and around the area. We are making sincere efforts to keep the law and order in the area under control.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12988724", "title": "Self-defence extends to killing only in grave danger to self: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: A person's right to private defence could extend to killing another only if s/he showed that h/his own life would have been in grave danger had the person not murdered the aggressor, the Supreme Court ruled on Thursday.A bench of Justices K S Radhakrishnan and Dipak Misra said the injury inflicted by a person on the alleged aggressor must commensurate with injury with which s/he was threatened.\"Right of private defence cannot be used to do away with a wrong-doer unless the person concerned has a reasonable cause to fear that otherwise death or grievous hurt might ensure in which case that person would have full measure of right to private defence,\" said Justice Radhakrishnan, who wrote the judgement for the bench.The apex court said the person who exercises right to private defence must prove with cogent evidence the necessity of h/his action to inflict mortal wounds on the other. \"A plea for right to private defence cannot be based on surmises and speculation,\" the bench said.\"To plead a right to private defence extending to voluntary causing of death, the accused must show that there were circumstances giving rise to reasonable grounds for apprehending that either death or grievous would be caused to him,\" it said.Though the bench rejected the right to self defence plea by one Arjun, who was convicted under Section 302 for murder of one Jagannath Rambhau Shirsath and for offence punishable under Section 326 for causing grievous hurt to the wife of the deceased, it said there was no pre-meditation in committing the crime.Finding that the act was in a heat of passion and that the incident occurred during a fight between two parties, the bench altered the conviction from Section 302 to 304-I, and awarded him a 10-year rigorous imprisonment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12989064", "title": "Kargil Park fighting for survival", "text": "KANPUR: Kargil Park, which was established to pay tributes to the Indian Soldiers who lost their lives in Kargil war, is facing apathy due to the callous attitude of Kanpur municipal corporation.Dirt and filth can be witnessed at every nook and corner of the place. The expensive flashlights installed a few years ago are being used as dustbins. Also, most of the street lights are mismanaged which have reduced the number of evening walkers due to darkness.Several cases of thefts and purse snatching also took place in this park. The poor maintenance also forced the vendors to leave the place as they get less number of buyers. The park is occupied by anti-social elements. The park is also frequented by lovebirds and college goers. The place is losing popularity among the people, who throng the place only in the morning.The high-tech flash lights were installed in the park by the Kanpur Development Authority. KMC is responsible for maintenance. The regular visitors pointed out that they have not illuminated lights since the past several years.Vaishali, a resident of Ashok Nagar, said, \"I use to come to Kargil park for evening walk with my mother. But we stopped coming here due to lack of maintenance. Before establishing the new parks, the civic body must try to maintain the existing ones.\"She said that the flash lights were lit only till a few months of being installed.Lucky, another evening walker at Kargil park said that he hopes that the authorities will take steps proper steps in maintaining the park.\"The condition of this spot is so bad that even the vendors and shopkeepers who used to put stalls over here have changed the place as they were not getting a good number of buyers,\" another visitor added.Municipal commissioner NK Chauhan said that he is aware that the flash lights at Kargil park were not functional. He said that even the notice has been sent to the suppliers for supplying substandard products.\"I had already pointed out the malfunctioned lights at 'Kargil' park on the next day of my joining. The KMC staff told me that they had sent a notice to the suppliers for giving substandard products, as most of the lights were not functioning,\" he added.KMC chief engineer (lighting) RM Asthana said that civic body does not deal with the lights installed in the 'Kargil' park. \"All the flash lights in the 'Kargil' park are installed by KDA. It deals with the maintenance. We are only responsible for the street lights and these are functioning properly.\" he added. The chief engineer is contrary to what municipal commissioner said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12990030", "title": "Legal debate this weekend", "text": "BANGALORE: Some of the country's top legal brains will debate on recent changes in the legal field at the premier National Law School of India University (NLSIU ) campus on May 5 and 6.This year, the focus will be on contemporary developments in law pegged to changes in the field of merger regulations in competition law, overhaul of the companies Act and the Sebi takeover code, besides topics ranging from Intellectual property rights to arbitration.Mohan Parasaran (additional solicitor generalof India ),Dhanendra Kumar (former chairman, Competition Commission of India ) and Uday Holla (senior counsel, Karnataka high court ) are some of the speakers. For registration, call 9538846272.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12989302", "title": "New chief for Southern Naval Command", "text": "KOCHI: The government has approved the appointment of Vice admiral Satish Soni will take charge as the new flag officer commanding-in-chief of the Southern Naval Command (SNC) at Kochi. He is currently the deputy chief at the integrated headquarters, Ministry of Defence (Navy) in New Delhi. He will succeed vice admiral K N Sushil, the present flag officer commanding-in-chief of SNC, who is due to retire on May 31.Vice admiral P K Chatterjee will replace vice admiral Soni as the deputy chief at the headquarters.Vice admiral Satish Soni has held various important command and staff positions. The admiral's sea commands include ocean going minesweeper INS Kakinada, guided missile corvette, Kirpan, stealth frigate Talwar and guided missile destroyer Delhi. As a rear admiral, he commanded the Eastern Fleet of the Navy.In his previous assignment, the vice admiral was the commandant of the National Defence Academy, Khadakvasla. He is also an alumnus of the academy. A 'Sword of Honour' of his course, he is also an alumnus of the prestigious Defence Service Staff College, Wellington, and has undergone various courses including the Naval Higher Command Course at College of Naval Warfare, Mumbai.Commissioned into the Indian Navy on July 1, 1976 the admiral is a specialist in Navigation and Aircraft Direction. A keen sportsman, he represented the Indian Navy in squash and golf in his younger days.According to defence specialists, vice admiral Soni is taking over as the chief of the Kochi-headquartered SNC when its operational importance is increasingly being recognized. There are already reports on long term plans for elevating the SNC into an operational command from the present status of being predominantly a training command.The command will have to undertake more operational roles in future in terms of giving protection to cargo movement, ensuring energy security of the country in the backdrop pirates shifting operations to this region, specialists say.Recently, the command was also asked to perform the operational role of providing coastal security to Kerala and Lakshadweep in the backdrop of the 26/11 terror attacks in Mumbai, apart from the responsibility of training the entire naval forces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12993803", "title": "Drop in cases of suicide by farmers: Government", "text": "NEW DELHI: The number of suicide by farmers has gone down in the country, the government stated in the Lok Sabha.Minister of state for finance Namo Narain Meena informed the Lok Sabha during Question Hour that due to several measures taken by the government the cases had fallen.\"As far as farmer suicides are concerned, there has been a fall in the numbers in Andhra Pradesh , also in Karnataka and Maharashtra. In Uttar Pradesh it was nil last year,\" Meena said.Samajwadi Party member Shailendra Kumar had alleged that the number of suicide by farmers is going up in the country and the government should provide credit to farmers at low interest rates of one to two per cent.Meena said RBI and NABARD have been provided incentives to provide loans to farmers at low interest rates.The minister said national banks provide loans to farmers at 7% interest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12988331", "title": "Redefine old identities, says historian", "text": "CHENNAI: When a book is banned in India, most often it has something to do with history. But, instead of finding out why certain groups ask for a ban on books or authors, we rush to remove copies of 'Satanic Verses' from stores or pull out A K Ramanujan's essay on many versions of 'Ramayana' from university curriculums, said historian Romila Thapar on Thursday.\"In each case, some religious organisation claims that the religious sentiment of an entire community has been hurt by the book. The media's first reaction should be to investigate the claim,\" said Thapar in her Lawrence Dana Pinkham memorial lecture to media students in Chennai. The pre-recorded message was telecast at the convocation of the 2012 batch at the Asian College of Journalism.It is important to find out the politics behind the demands for banning books since such claims are motivated by groups competing for authority, she said. But their claims were not challenged by the public or the media who are yet to look beyond the colonial historian's depiction of Indian identities as essentially religious. \"..So we also do not question the right of any religious organization to claim that it is speaking on behalf of an entire community,\" she said.This lack of questioning makes reporting on themes to do with history problematic, she said. Colonial historians had divided Indian history into three periods -- Hindu, Muslim and British. \"The periodisation lent support to the colonial argument that the primary identity of Indian society was that of religious communities, generally antagonistic to each other,\" said Thapar.That Indian society as a collection of religious communities became the basis of the first Census in 1882. \"In this manner colonial administration sorted out Indian society and wrapped it up into neat packages,\" she said. Unfortunately, nationalist historians did not unwrap this division.For example, when historians changed the labels for the periodisation of Indian history, Hindu, Muslim and British periods were replaced by more secular-sounding ancient, medieval and modern. \"However, the span of the period remained the same as before as did the reason for the span,\" she said. \"We do not bother to enquire into what were the identities in the pre-colonial period,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12989531", "title": "Ankur Dhall gets friends to groove on birthday", "text": "His birthday had never been full of fun like this before, but Ankur Dhall, a young businessman from Rishi Nagar, ensured his birthday treat to friends remains a grand one as he had been waiting for it over the last few days. On his 22nd birthday, Ankur threw a party for his friends at a city-based discotheque on Wednesday.The friends did not miss the opportunity to groove on Punjabi and Bollywood songs and almost every one turned up on the dance floor.The birthday boy said he did not want to confine his party to some hotel. \"A discotheque was the best way to entertain my friends, who can't be confined to a table-chair set up in a restaurant'' he added.Ankur's friend Jassi Kandhal of Lajpat Nagar said he couldn't believe Ankur could throw such an amusing party. Dugri resident Gaurav Babbar said, \"Though I was tired after dancing through the first hour at the party, I did not stop dancing until late night.''Ghumar Mandi resident Parth Sharma said the party was a stress buster for him. \"The pranks,, jokes with friends and dancing made my day,'' he beamed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12987704", "title": "2 cases of dengue detected, corporation increases spraying", "text": "NEW DELHI: The threat of dengue in the capital is now showing up. The municipal corporation has reported two confirmed cases of the mosquito-borne disease from hospitals - of which one patient is from Uttar Pradesh - besides at least 20 other suspected cases. A total 13 malaria cases have been reported till date.Health minister A K Walia chaired a meeting with heads of municipal corporations to review preparations to tackle mosquito-breeding on Thursday. A senior official said the review found that breeding of Aedes mosquitoes was detected in upscale colonies as well as JJ clusters. \"NDMC area accounted for 11 and municipal areas for 56 cases of breeding in April only,\" he said.Dr N K Yadav, municipal health officer of south Delhi corporation, said that of the two dengue cases reported, one is from Najafgarh and the other is from Uttar Pradesh.\"Several other suspected cases of dengue were reported to us but there is no confirmation yet,\" he said. Yadav said that to intensify spraying of anti-larval chemicals across the city they have already deployed dengue breeding checkers (DBC).A senior health official, who attended the meeting, said intermittent showers combined with rising temperature have created conditions conducive for mosquito-breeding which is a matter of serious concern. \"Besides dengue, there is also need to be alert in time to prevent diseases such as malaria, chikungunya, gastroenteritis and jaundice,\" the official said.Walia said the increasing cases of water-borne diseases like gastroenteritis, cholera, jaundice and typhoid is a matter of concern. \"I have asked Delhi Jal Board (DJB) to ensure that shallow hand pumps are painted red or even removed if required.\"They have also been directed to check that there is no mixing of drinking water and sewer. For this, regular water testing has been ordered,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12988628", "title": "Now, largest Hindu temple to come up in East Champaran", "text": "PATNA: East Champaran is poised to emerge as a major tourists' hub as the largest Hindu temple in the world would be constructed at Kathwalia on Chakia-Kesaria main road, just five km away from the tallest Buddhist stupa at Kesariya in the district. The estimated cost of the project is over Rs 300 crore. The Shiva temple at nearby Areraj is another major attraction for pilgrims.Earlier, the temple complex was planned on Hajipur- Bidupur road, about 20km from the state capital, on 30 acres of land. Now, the proposed structure, to be constructed on the pattern of the famous Angkor Wat Temple, would be spread over 100 acres of land. The construction work is likely to start by the end of the next month.\"We have now finalized the design of the proposed Angkor Wat Ram Mandir in consultation with the famous architect Piyush Sompura of Ahmedabad. The temple will now be 1,240ft long, 1,136ft wide and 270ft high. It is going to be longer than Angkor Wat main temple,\" chairman of the Bihar State Religious Trust Board, Acharya Kishore Kunal, told TOI over phone from Ahmedabad.Giving details of the project, Kunal said the temple would be constructed at a 2800x1500 ft plot. \"It means that a minimum 95 acres of land will be required. That big plot of land is not available at Ismailpur near Hajipur. So, the project has to be shifted to Kathwalia 'Matth' which has 100 acres of land on Chakia-Kesaria main road, he explained.It will be a five-storey temple with a built-up area of around 6 lakh sq ft having 18 sanctums sanctorum and 18 shikhars (spires). All the shikhars and sanctums will be built with Chunar stones which Emperor Ashoka had used in his inscriptions. An estimated 30 lakh cubic feet of Chunar stones will be required for the project. The presiding deity in the temple will be Rama, along with Sita, Lav, Kush and Maharishi Valmiki.This temple will be taller than the Brihadeshwara Temple in Tanjavur, Tamil Nadu, and Vishwanath temple in Varanasi, and larger than the Akshardham Temple in Delhi.Regarding the high cost of the project, a confidant Kunal said, \"I started with Rs 1 lakh and many people came forward offering handsome amount to donate for the project. We also have our Mahavir Mandir Trust, which has already collected Rs 100 crore.\"Kunal ruled out any possible objection to his replica, stating emphatically that there was no copyright of any monument anywhere, even of those declared world heritage sites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "london/bangalore", "code": "12987555", "title": "Countdown clock favours Germany, not India!", "text": "LONDON/BANGALORE: Wednesday was literally a race against the clock for teams at the Olympic hockey test event in London. Germany beat Britain 3-1 at the Olympic Park but their opening goal prompted concerns about a possible controversy at the 2012 Games if rules were strictly enforced.After a goalless first half, Germany were the first team to emerge for the start of the second period. When the countdown clock on the scoreboard reached zero, the umpires re-started the match even though several British players were still making their way back on to the pitch. Germany's Florian Fuchs then deflected the ball into an empty net (36th minute), much to the consternation of the British team which had a mere eight players on the pitch.India, who lost to Australia 0-3 in the earlier match, were left wondering why there was no consistency in the interpretation of the rules. Having made it back to the pitch much ahead of time, the Indians were made to wait for the Australians even as the clock touched zero. \"We also tried to do what the Germans did but the umpire didn't allow it. David John (the exercise physiologist) asked the umpires to start the match as the clock touched zero. The Australia hadn't come out of the tunnel but we couldn't start. We are going to register our complaint about this,\" chief coach Michael Nobbs told TOI.Nobbs said he had inculcated in the team the habit of promptly getting back on the pitch. \"We are never late. You get a two-minute knock on the door and you then have two minutes to get back on the field. We are very strict with our team.\"The Australian also felt it was time such inconsistencies in umpiring were gotten rid of. \"It's better to find out now than later. I personally feel that it is not sportsmanship to start before the other team takes the field. At the same time, I don't see the rule as too stringent as the Olympics has a worldwide TV audience and many things to cover. If all events were late it would be disastrous for scheduling.\"Germany coach Markus Weise said: \"To me it sounds like a typical hockey thing. I can't imagine other sports starting (like that). It's a very strange rule, probably provided due to TV demands that a game starts when the countdown is at zero. I don't want to be in a position without 11 players on the pitch and a game starting. It's a bit strange.\"Britain's coach Jason Lee insisted his team hadn't been time-wasting. \"It wasn't like we were four or five minutes late. We were 10 or 15 seconds late,\" Lee said. \"But in hockey the ball travels so fast that you can't really get into position at that point. The changing rooms are a little bit further (away from the pitch) than what we'd expect.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12987368", "title": "Individual glories are fine as long as they help the team: Tendulkar", "text": "PUNE: Master batsman Sachin Tendulkar described 2003 as the toughest year in his cricketing career when two serious injuries caused technical flaws in his batting, which he could correct only because of hard work, diligence and perseverance.Tendulkar underlined the importance of hard work and perseverance in life in order to attain success during a pep talk to motivate Pratapgad Warriors, a Maharashtra Premier League franchise, in the city Thursday.Tendulkar cited his own experience to underline the point. He said 2003 was the toughest year in his cricketing career.\"The ankle injury, followed by finger injury, resulted in a change of bat swing. The change in technique was not a \"conscious decision,\" he said.\"2003 was a frustrating year for me due to my finger injury. I was unable to pick up a bat for five months. After rehabilitation, I discovered a change in my batting technique. I was getting out cheaply because there was a sub-conscious tendency to protect my fingers from getting hit. I decided to spend hours in the net to iron out the flaws that had creped into my game. The success that followed after putting the hours in the nets taught me the value of diligence. Talent takes you up to a certain point. The rest depends on the amount of hard work you are willing to put in to be a success in your field of work,\" he said.The talk veered towards achieving perfection in life. Tendulkar said, \"Achieving perfection is impossible. Pressure subsides once you realise you cannot be perfect. Prior to a big match, I try to be in the best mental shape. I achieve that by staying in the present and block out negativity in the air. When someone says that he is in the zone, it actually means staying in the present and not being perfect. It's a delicate difference but in my experience, nobody can attain perfection,\" he added.Tendulkar also stressed on teamwork being the basis for success.\"Individual glories are fine as long as they help the team. In a team sport, team work is important. An individual can win you one match but it is not possible to win a tournament purely on the basis of individual performance. Team work has to be such that your teammates respect you,\" the master blaster said.About qualities needed to become a great sportsman, Tendulkar said discipline is important. \"One needs to be passionate about the game but that passion needs to be well directed. In my career, my brother Ajit gave the right direction and made an important contribution,\" he said.Tendulkar said T20 cricket is not all about hitting big strokes all the time. \"You have time on your hands even in a T20 game. While chasing big scores in the shorter version of the game team composition is vital as it helps find solution even from a difficult situation. Temperament is also important but one cannot work out a formula for success,\" he said, adding, \"In my career, I learnt match temperament from my coach Ramakant Achrekar sir. However, one cannot learn temperament in nets; it has to be acquired in actual match situation.\"Injuries are part of a sportsman's life and the body needed time to recover. \"There are no short cuts to fast recovery. The best thing is to listen to the advice of your physio and doctor. When one has to undergo surgeries, it is important to give positive messages to the body which helps speed up recovery,\" he said.Speaking about team meetings and planning, the master blaster said, \"Over-analysis can increase your problems. It is better to plan and then focus on executing that plan for which a healthy and clean mind is required.\"On striking a balance between cricket and family, Tendulkar said if one wanted to play good cricket, one needs to stay away from the game for some time to get refreshed. \"When I am not playing cricket, all my time is devoted to the family. My family understands the pressures and my commitment, which is a major plus for me,\" he added.Tendulkar congratulated Maharashtra Cricket Association president Ajay Shirke for his efforts in providing state-of-art facility and a stadium in Pune. He told Shirke that he has realised the first-half of his dream and should now focus on unearthing exciting talent from the region.He handed over a bat with good wishes to Parag More and Ranjit Pandey, captain and coach of Pratapgad Warriors, which is owned by Guardian Holidays Private Limited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12989155", "title": "Swami Sanand sits on fast-unto-death again", "text": "VARANASI: Swami Gyan Swarup Sanand took a bath in the Ganga around 10.50pm on Wednesday and began his fast-unto-death for the third time here at Kedar Ghat. He is fighting for uninterrupted flow of Ganga. He made it clear that he would not dilute his austerity oath this time. \"How long we can wait for a response from the prime minister's office,\" said the seer.To note, owing to illness, Swami Sanand was unable to attend the meeting of National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA) chaired by prime minister Manmohan Singh on April 17.The PM had said that he would meet Swami Sanand very soon before taking any decision. However, after waiting for 15 days, the seer decided to sit on another hunger strike.Earlier, he had gone on fast-unto-death in Varanasi on March 9 and ended his fast at AIIMS on March 23, when the Central government had assured him of holding NGRBA meeting on April 17.But, he again went on fast on April 10, accusing the government of not fulfilling its promise of stopping the construction works at hydroelectric projects in Uttarakhand. He started taking liquid diet on April 19 after the assurance given in NGRBA meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12988084", "title": "Tikku family alleges goons visiting their property in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A terrified Tikku family has alleged that goons have been visiting their property at Surajmal Vihar here for three days.Gangster Vijay Palande, small-time model Simran Sood and stockbroker Gautam Vora have been associated with the murder case of Delhi businessman Arunkumar Tikku in Mumbai.The family said that a white SUV with around 10 persons has been waiting in front of the house between 1pm and 2.30pm. On Thursday at 2am, they said, the men got off from the car with firearms. When watchmen and security guards from the area questioned them, they said they had lost their way.The Delhi and Mumbai police maintained that no one had complained to them.Anuj, son of Arun Tikku was staying at the Surajmal Vihar residence but went to meet his grandparents a few days ago. Small time Bollywood actor Anuj had been befriended by Palande and his associates so that they could get to his father's property easily.In fact, Vijay Palande, the mastermind in the murder of Arun Tikku, had confessed to police that he intended to drug Tikku's son Anuj to acquire his property. Palande told police that had Tikku's murder gone according to plan, he would have easily succeeded in taking over Tikku's properties worth Rs 50 crore.Both the local east district police and the specialized crime branch and special cell said they were yet to be intimated either by the family or the Mumbai crime branch. \"If the family is looking for security, it can be arranged. We can additionally probe the incident. But the family needs to take us into confidence,'' said additional DCP (east) Asif Mohammad Ali.Joint commissioner Mumbai police (crime), Himanshu Roy said: Anuj Tikku had orally told the crime branch that he will be available to Mumbai police for recording statement only if there is official summons arrangement. \"So far no one from the Tikku family has approached us for protection or brought to our notice that there is threat to their lives from the gangsters.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12988182", "title": "Sangam City will light up during Kumbh", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In the run up to Mahakumbh, the city is set to undergo a major facelift. Apart from spruced up main crossings, high mast and mini high masts would be installed at all important locations.District magistrate Anil Kumar said that 20 high mast lights will be installed at 20 main crossings where flow of traffic is heavy. Besides, 100 mini high mast lights would also be installed in the Kumbh Mela area to light up.Laying stress on maintaining set norms of quality control while undertaking such works the DM said that all departments should constitute internal committees for inspecting the work and submit their report to the district administration. They should also put up a board while undertaking these works stating that photography would be conducted after completion of the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12987480", "title": "Prepare comprehensive protection scheme for senior citizens: High court", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court has directed the state government to prepare a comprehensive scheme for protection of life and property of senior citizens. The court's directives came in pursuance to the provisions contained in section 22 of the Maintenance and Welfare of Parents and Senior Citizens Act, 2007.A division bench of Justice DP Singh and Justice SUZ Siddiqui gave the directions on the writ petition filed by Kailash Chandra Mishra and others seeking adequate security. As the petitioners were ready for security on payment of expenses, the court asked them to approach the concerned authorities, who will take decision on their demands within two months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12988058", "title": "Jeweller to move court for custody of mishap car", "text": "MUMBAI: The jeweller whose car was involved in Tuesday's accident near Opera House, in which a 40-year-old woman pavement dweller died, will move court to get back his Honda City, the police have said.The jeweller, Naresh Jain, believes he should not be penalized as he had nothing to do with the mishap. He says he should not be punished by the system since he was not involved in the accident and had given his car to the parking attendant in confidence. The car was seized by the D B Marg police on Tuesday afternoon after the accident.Meanwhile, the police on Thursday lodged an FIR against Mahindra Bhoir (24), the parking attendant who gave the keys of Jain's car to his friend Umang Pawar. Pawar lost control of the car when he stepped on the accelerator instead of pressing the clutch, and hit the victim, Kusum Solanki, who died on the spot.\"Bhoir was sitting in the co-driver's seat when the accident happened. Jain has given us a statement accusing Bhoir of violating the trust he bestowed on him by using the car without his (Jain's) permission,\" said investigating officer inspector Shashidharan V. \"We have charged Bhoir with culpable homicide not amounting to murder and rash and negligent driving.\"Shashidharan said Bhoir could not be arrested on Thursday since he was not present at his Chira Bazaar residence. \"We have informed his relatives about the warrant. If we are not able to trace him by tomorrow (Friday), we shall declare him absconding.\"The police will be launching a joint investigation with the BMC to look into the charges against the parking lot's contractor Shankar Jha. Locals have alleged that Jha would allow his attendants to use parked cars for giving driving lessons to young boys.\"We have received complaints from the victim's relatives and neighbours that these attendants would run illegal classes without the knowledge of the cars' owners. The parking lot belongs to the BMC and we have written to it to investigate the charges,\" said Shashidharan. The police will wait for the BMC's report on the matter before deciding whether to press charges against Jha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "parkal", "code": "12989854", "title": "Caste factor crucial in Parkal byelection", "text": "PARKAL: Even as government chief whip Gandra Venkata Ramana Reddy is annoyed over the selection of TDP leader Sambari Samma Rao as Congress nominee for the Parkal assembly constituency ignoring his wife Gandra Jyothi's candidature, the million dollar question doing the rounds here is whether it's Telangana sentiment or strong caste equation that would play a crucial role in the bypolls.Though all the major parties have decided to play the BC card in a big way in the elections, former MLA Konda Surekha is going out of her way to position herself as the only champion of BC communities in the constituency. Though Reddy leaders call the shots in the constituency, Parkal has a sizeable presence of BCs such as Padmashalis, Munnuru Kapus, Gouds, Mudirajs and others. While TDP has named a Reddy candidate and TRS is likely to follow suit, other parties such as Congress, YSR Congress and BJP have plumped for BC candidates.With Padmashalis, Munnuru Kapus and other BCs alone constituting 87,000 of the total 1.81 lakh electorate, two ministers and two MPs of the ruling party spared no efforts to convince the high command to field Samma Rao, a Munnuru Kapu, much to the chagrin of Gandra Jyothi, who was a strong aspirant for the ticket. Surekha, a Padmashali, and her husband Konda Murali, a Munnuru Kapu, are banking on the BC votes and believe this vote bank is enough to pull them through. There is also a strong SC vote base of 68,000 which the parties are eyeing.The BJP, which is buoyant after the Mahbubnagar victory, is planning to field disgruntled TRS leader Mulugu Bhikshapati, a BC, to take on Surekha and Samma Rao. Surekha had won with a 12,754-vote majority on the Congress ticket in 2009 elections by defeating 'Mahakutami' candidate Bhikshapati. \"Being a former ZP VC Bhikshapati has a good support in the constituency and BJP is out to cash in on him,\" a political analyst pointed out. Sources said if the plan to field Bhikshapati did not work out, BJP may go in for senior leader and former MP Ch Janga Reddy.Surprisingly, TRS, which is keeping every party guessing, could reserve the seat for district party convenor Peddi Sudarshan Reddy though the party cadres want the ticket to be given to Bhikshapati. TDP has already announced Challa Dharma Reddy as its candidate. In fact, it's TDP that contested the polls here in 1999.Parkal, then Shayampet, consists of Parkal, Atmakur, Geesukonda and Sangem mandals. \"The women voters (90,662) could decide the fate of the candidates. The Telangana issue is not a dominant factor here,\" political analyst Immadi Sailu explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12987946", "title": "Court intervenes in Rajasthan State Road Transport Corporation selections", "text": "JAIPUR: A single judge bench of Rajasthan High Court comprising Justice M N Bhandari has disposed of a 20 petitions seeking court intervention in the ongoing selection process of conductors and drivers for Rajasthan State Road Transport Corporation (RSRTC).In the advertisement that the corporation issued for the selection, it had insisted that the drivers and conductors should have licences for both driving and conducting a bus service duly obtained from RTO. It was challenged that the rule is otherwise and the bus driver as per the rule is not required to have conductor's licence and vice-versa. Taking note of the same, the court had asked for an explanation from the roadways. Disposing of the writ, the court directed RSRTC to relax the last date of submission of forms from April 26 to May 18 which was accepted by the roadways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12989040", "title": "Fake cops rob woman at Ribandar", "text": "PANAJI: In yet another incident of thieves impersonating policemen and robbing a senior citizen, a 65-year-old woman was relieved of her gold ornaments on Thursday morning within the Old Goa police jurisdiction.Gold worth 2 lakh including bangles, ring and a gold chain with a pendant were stolen.Vidya Palekar, 65, in her complaint, said that she was standing near the government primary school, Ribandar, when two persons came on two bikes and approached her.Claiming to be policemen, the two men advised her not to wear so much gold and asked her to remove the gold ornaments. They then wrapped the ornaments in paper and returned the parcel to her. Later, when she opened the parcel she found the gold missing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12993651", "title": "Government to ensure security of students from northeast: Chidambaram", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rejecting the contention that students from northeast are subjected to discrimination and racial profiling, home minister P Chidambaram today said the government will take every step to ensure their security and asked states to do the same.\"The Government of India will take every step to ensure their security and I am confident that all state governments will discharge their constitutional responsibilities to ensure the safety and security of all people residing within that state,\" Chidambaram said in Rajya Sabha.He was responding to a calling attention notice by Leader of the Opposition Arun Jaitley in the wake of deaths of two students from northeast in Gurgaon, Haryana and Bengaluru.Jaitley said, \"I call the attention of home minister towards issues of racial profiling and discrimination towards students of northeast, who go to different parts.\"Replying to it, Chidambaram said the state governments were primarily responsible for the prevention of crimes arising out of discrimination, adding, the Centre accorded \"highest importance to development of northeastern region as well as prevention of atrocities against Schedule Tribe and will not countenance discrimination in any form.\"Referring to the recent death of Dana Sangma in Gurgaon near Delhi and of Richard Loitum in Bengaluru besides allegations of racial profiling against Tibetans during the recent BRICS summit, he said these have caused disquiet and agitation among the community, specially students from the region.He said the police is investigating the deaths of both Sangma and Loitam after registering cases and conducting post mortems.Stressing that students from the region have right to security and peace and they are \"free to travel and reside in any part of the country,\" Chidambaram said it was not correct that the students from the northeastern states in Delhi were more vulnerable as compared to students from other regions.\"In 2010, 8 cases of offences against women from the North Eastern state were registered and, in 2011, 7 such cases were reported. All cases were investigated and further proceedings are underway,\" he said.Admitting that during BRICS summit on March 29, the Delhi Police did detain some Tibetans and their supporters as there was an apprehension that the Tibetan groups would disrupt the summit, Chidambaram stressed that the police have \"categorically stated that there was no racial profiling.\"\"During the checking process some Indians, including a few from the northeastern states were also detained for a short while and let off as soon as their identities were confirmed,\" he said.He said while the exact number students from northeast was not available a number of them resided in metropolitan cities like Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata and Pune to take advantage of the vast opportunities available in other parts of the country and \"it is their right to do so.\"Elaborating the steps to address the problems faced by students from northeast, Chidambaram said DCP-level officers have designated as nodal officers to specifically address their problems.\"Besides, a North East Connect Cell, headed by a joint secretary-level officer has been formed...to serve as a coordination point with resident commissioners of 8 northeastern states,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12992739", "title": "Osama bin Laden raid: Obama instructed forces to fight if challenged by Pakistan", "text": "WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama had instructed commandos to fight their way out if they were challenged by the Pakistani soldiers during the daring Abbottabad raid that killed Osama bin Laden , saying safety of his forces was more important than keeping Pakistanis happy.\"The premium is on the protection of our force, not on keeping the Pakistanis happy,\" Obama instructed Commander of the US Special Operations Command William McRaven, according to a new book 'Manhunt: The Ten-Year Search for Bin Laden - from 9/11 to Abbottabad', that hit bookstands this week.Obama's specific instructions in this regard, marking a huge fundamental shift, came as his team were in discussion what to do if the Navy Seals were challenged by Pakistan during or after the raid at the Abbottabad on May 2 last year.\"Now that the decision had been made not to bring the Pakistanis into any aspect of the operation, Obama (Commander-in-Chief) and his team had to think through how best to deal with whatever their reaction might be, particularly on the ground in Abbottabad, should the president green-light the raid,\" author Peter L Bergen wrote.According to the book, a senior administration official explains: \"McRaven, in some of the earliest briefings, was very sensitive to the idea that we don't want to create, for lack of a better word, a shit storm with the Pakistanis if we don't need to. So if this can be accomplished in a way that did not result in dead Pakistanis, either civilians or security forces, that's the optimal solution.\"McRaven initially came up with an assault plan that would have had the SEALs avoiding any kind of firefight with the Pakistanis unless it was absolutely necessary.\"If the Pakistanis did show up in force at the compound, McRaven's proposal was that the SEALs set up a defensive perimeter and hold them at bay,\" Bergen wrote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12988896", "title": "Jayant Jadhav to be renominated for MLC poll", "text": "MUMBAI: Ruling allies Congress and NCP have decided to contest the elections to legislative council seats together and NCP will renominate sitting MLC Jayant Jadhav from Nashik. The decision was taken after a meeting of MPCC chief Manikrao Thakre and NCP state unit head Madhukar Pichad.Congress will contest from civic bodies of Osmanabad-Beed-Latur, Wardha-Chandrapur-Gadchiroli and Amravati, while NCP will field nominees from Raigad-Ratnagiri- Sindhudurg, Nashik, and Parbhani-Hingoli. Thakre and Pichad said they have decided to swap Parbhani-Hingoli and Wardha-Chandrapur-Gadchiroli.Pichad said the party will renominate sitting MLCs from Raigad-Ratnagiri-Sindhudurg and Nashik. Anil Tatkare is the MLC from the former. As for Parbhani-Hingoli, the party will decide in a day or two. tnnPichad said though NCP had more seats in Latur-Osmanabad-Beed, it had decided to leave it for the Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "karnal/new delhi", "code": "12989178", "title": "French youth assaulted on train dies, railway cops clueless", "text": "KARNAL/NEW DELHI: French national Frank Wilfred, 23, who was brutally beaten up on the Amritsar-bound Sachkhand Express on Sunday, died of brain injuries in PGI Chandigarh late on Wednesday night. The railway police investigating the case are still clueless about what led to the fatal assault. Wilfred was found lying on the Karnal station platform as the train moved out.Travelling ticket examiner (TTE) Mukesh Kumar, who was arrested on Tuesday and charged with attempt to murder, has now been booked for homicide. Although Kumar claimed he was in another coach when the attack took place, he was found with Wilfred's passport and papers.Some other TTEs jumped to Kumar's defence, saying he was not present in S4 coach where the crime took place, and that he was handed Wilfred's papers by other passengers. However, this still doesn't explain why Kumar did not notify the police about the crime for two days.The fact that Wilfred never regained consciousness did not help cops. But the railway police could have by now tracked other passengers in the coach with reserved seats, whose details would be available with the railways. They are seeking refuge in the \"difficult\" nature of the process.\"There were more than 70 passengers in the coach and their tickets were booked from various reservation centres. We have to visit all these centres to acquire their addresses, which would take time,\" said IG (railways) V Kamraj. The railway police also questioned Ashok Sial, the conductor of Sachkhand Express.\"We've got the list of passengers from Delhi and are in the process of collecting addresses of passengers,\" said the investigating officer. He said Wilfred's visa documents and a doctor's slip have been sent to Haryana forensic science laboratory at Madhuban.Inquiries by TOI reveal that Wilfred's head injuries were caused on the train and not after falling off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12989113", "title": "HC: Review rule on flying by 65+ pilots", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court has asked the Centre to have a relook on amendments made in the Aircraft Rules which bar pilots 65 years of age and above from flying private aircraft for non-commercial purposes.\"We remit the matter back to the respondents (Centre and Director General of Civil Aviation) for proper and thorough examination of the issue and take an informed decision,\" a bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw said.This came on the plea of V A Joshi, who had an airline transport pilot licence, of IAF challenging the amendments made in the Aircraft Rules, 1937.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12994172", "title": "Sangma wants tribal candidate for President's post", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pitching for a tribal candidate for the President's post, NCP leader PA Sangma on Friday said efforts are on to make all political parties agree on it.\"Tribal leaders belonging to all political parties are meeting on May 9 here and our demand will be to make a tribal the next President,\" Sangma said.However, the former Lok Sabha Speaker and Meghalaya MP made it clear that he was not a candidate for the President's post.\"I am not the candidate. We are trying to meet the leaders of different political parties to agree in principle (tribal candidate for presidency)... After agreeing in principle, we will decide the candidate,\" he said.Asked whether making a tribal the next President is NCP's view or his own, he said, \"This is the view of tribals of the country. This is not view of any political party. We have written letters to Congress President Sonia Gandhi , BJP President Nitin Gadkari , SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav and NCP leader Sharad Pawar seeking appointments to discuss the issue.\"The Meghalaya MP said, \"Even after 60 years of India becoming a republic, people from SC and Muslim minority have become President. The tribal population is more than 100 million in the country. But till today no tribal has become the President yet.\"Asked whether he has taken NCP chief Sharad Pawar into confidence, he said, \"We have just started discussions among ourselves. We are organising a meeting on May 9 and before that we will meet leaders of all political parties including Pawar.\"About the NCP's stand on the issue, he said, \"The issue has not been discussed in the party yet.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12989370", "title": "Increase in angioplasty cases worries doctors", "text": "KOCHI: The National Interventional Council (NIC) of the Cardiological Society of India has found that around 2.5 lakh people underwent angioplasty last year. Of these, 14% was below 40 years. According to NIC organizing secretary Dr Rony Mathew, 75% of the people who underwent this surgery were males. He was speaking at the NIC's national conference in Kochi on Sunday.\"This is based on the data that comes from cathlabs across the country. Just a month before the conference, NIC collects data of all procedures that were done in the cathlabs of the country. We knew that our younger generation is vulnerable to heart diseases, but this figure is disturbing,\" he said.\"There has been a 47% increase in the number of patients who have undergone angioplasty instead of a bypass or an open heart surgery. An angioplasty is a much convenient and less strenuous procedure for the patient and doctor in terms of the medical procedure and the cost factor. The post-operation factors are minimal,\" said Dr Jabir Abdullakutty, intervention cardiologist, Lisie Hospital.Now, angioplasty and angiogram are being done through the veins in hands instead of blood vessels in the leg. \"This has become more popular as patients who undergo this kind of treatment are usually discharged a day after the surgery,\" he said.Dr Mathew said that for the past four to five years, doctors were being been trained to use the new technology that was far more beneficial. \"Almost 40% of the procedures is being done radially, as it is called. This is against the less that 10% in the US.\"Almost 80% of the stents used in patients were drug eluting stents and primary angioplasty was more efficient than anti-clotting medicines, he said. \"Even the death rate of patients who underwent angioplasty last year was less than 1%. Medicated stents are available in India at much lower prices than international prices,\" Dr Mathew said.More than 1,300 delegates participated in the three-day conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "director", "code": "12993883", "title": "Fatso: Movie Review", "text": "Director: Rajat KapoorCast: Ranvir Shorey, Gul Panag, Purab Kohli, Neil BhoopalamMuch against its title, Fatso is a film that resorts to minimalism and cuts off all excess flab and formula to come up with a sweet little story.Naveen (Purab Kohli) and Nandini (Gul Panag) are very much in love. But their cloud nine state is short-lived when Naveen dies in a road accident and reaches heaven only to realize that his soul was wrongly brought there in place of his fat friend Sudeep (Ranvir Shorey).Subsequently his soul is sent back on earth and replaced in Sudeep's body. Now Naveen's soul in Sudeep's body tries to touch the heart of Nandini again and rekindle romance in her life. But he has a competition in the form of Yash (Neil Bhoopalam) who is trying to hit on Nandini.Seeking its 'soul' from the 1941 Hollywood classic Here Comes Mr Jordan , which was also remade in Bollywood as Jhuk Gaya Aasman (1968) starring Rajendra Kumar , Fatso , more or less, is the same spirit in new body. However writers Rajat Kapoor and Saurabh Shukla have entirely revamped the screenplay to modern milieu and grammar. So you don't have the regular horn-headed Yamraj in paradise.Rather amongst the most accomplished achievements of the film is its hilarious heaven setting, which is modeled as a dilapidated government office and has every characteristic element associated with bureaucracy from long queues, indifferent officials and red-tapism. The spoof is smart, side-splitting and at the same time also subtly attempts to draw parallels with the human and ethereal world in its own sassy way.With the minimalism treatment that it opts for, the narrative never falls prey of slapstick or melodrama and remains restrained throughout. But at the same time, it also gets one-dimensional, to an extent, with the narrative primarily focusing only on the love story. One does feel that the soul-changing idea could have been explored to better effect by tapping subplots like Naveen's strained relationship with his father or his discomfort in Sudeep's bloated body.Ranvir Shorey takes a backseat in the first half where Purab Kohli takes lead. With the role-reversal, Ranvir takes precedence in the second half while Purab is out of picture. Perhaps some better character buildup of Sudeep in the first half could have helped establish a contrast after his soul-switchover in the second half. Also there is no reference of Sudeep's dead soul - another dimension that the film could have explored.The chemistry between Gul Panag and Purab Kohli is so casual and comfortable that the lip-locks don't need to be blown out of proportion, like in most Bollywood flicks. However the same can't be said about the camaraderie between Gul Panag and Ranvir Shorey that appears somewhat hurried. But beyond all the trivialities, the biggest flaw of the film is that its strongest scope for human drama is never touched upon with Nandini never coming to know of Sudeep's spiritual exchange. Thereby the film dies a premature death with an abrupt end.Barring the impulsive end, Rajat Kapoor's direction is sensible and sensitive. The way in which he blends sequences of living and dead in the first half is commendable. Also the dialogues in such scenes are very contextual and complement well. At a broader level, the film successfully conveys the message that it's the soul of a person that you fall in love with and not merely the body.Ranvir Shorey is resourcefully restrained and plays the title role to the requisite perfection. His body structure in the film is overweight though not exaggerated. His 'spirited' act comes to fore in the final sequence where he mouths an endless monologue. Purab Kolhi is exceptionally good in the first half and his absence is felt in the second. Gul Panag puts in a poised performance. Neil Bhoopalam balances his friend-n-foe act and is perfect in his part. Gunjan Bakshi exudes raw sex-appeal. Brijendra Kala is brilliant as the messenger of death. Vinay Pathak's cameo doesn't register.Fatso is somewhat short on body but strong on spirit. Keeping mind over matter, this film is an enjoyable experience!Verdict: Good", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12989636", "title": "Osama wanted Ilyas Kashmiri to kill Obama", "text": "WASHINGTON: Osama bin Laden had planned to kill US President Barack Obama and General David Petraeus , who was then top US commander in Afghanistan, and had issued instructions to Ilyas Kashmiri to set up two units to target planes carrying them.According to the documents seized from the Abbottabad safe-house of bin Laden , the then al-Qaida leader wanted to target only Obama and Petraeus. Some of the documents were released by the Combating Terrorism Center at West Point on Thursday.\"Bin Ladin had asked Atiyya's predecessor, Mustafa Abu al-Yazid , to task Ilyas, presumably Ilyas Kashmiri, to set up two units, one in Pakistan and another in Bagram, Afghanistan , to target airplanes known to be carrying president Obama and/or general Petraeus on their visits to these areas,\" CTC said in its report.He explained that the death of Obama would see the \"utterly unprepared\" Vice President Joe Biden automatically assume the presidency, which would cause the US to enter into crisis mode, and \"the killing of Petraeus would have a serious impact on the course of the war\" , as bin Ladin considered him to be \"the man of this (critical) phase\" , CTC said.Bin Laden did not explain, however, why he did not want \"secretary of defense (Robert) Gates or the joint chiefs of staff (Admiral Mike) Mullen or the special envoy to Pakistan and Afghanistan (Richard ) Holbrooke\" targeted.It is possible that bin Laden had prepared a more detailed plan in a previous letter, which might explain why the brief description available reads as an amateurish plot or just wishful thinking, CTC West Point said.In a letter asking Ilyas to carry out the killings, Osama also said, \"It would be good if you coordinate with our brothers of Pakistan and Afghanistan Taliban so that there is complete cooperation between us, and tell them that we started planning work inside America many years ago, and gained experience in that field, and we and they are brothers so we should not fall into the error that hurts the Muslims and benefits the enemy , due to lack of coordination between us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12988494", "title": "Morning jog can raise life expectancy by 5 years, study says", "text": "NEW DELHI: You can add at least five extra years to your life by going for a jog every morning,Now, regular jogging has been found to dramatically increase life expectancy. European Society of Cardiology (ESC) said on Thursday that the life expectancy of a man, who jogs regularly increases by 6.2 years and that of a woman by 5.6 years.And that too by jogging between just about one and two-and-a-half hours per week at a \"slow or average\" pace - a recipe that doctors say delivers optimum benefits for longevity. Jogging, says doctors, delivers multiple health benefits.It improves oxygen uptake, increases insulin sensitivity, improves lipid profiles (raising HDL and lowering triglycerides), lowers blood pressure, reduces platelet aggregation, raises fibrinolytic activity, improves cardiac function, bone density and immune function.It also reduces inflammation markers, prevents obesity and improves psychological function.Peter Schnohr, who spearheaded the Copenhagen City Heart study, said, \"The results of our research allow us to definitively answer the question of whether jogging is good for your health. We can say with certainty that regular jogging increases longevity. The good news is that you don't actually need to do that much to reap the benefits.\"He added, \"Mortality is lower in people reporting moderate jogging than in non-joggers or those undertaking extreme levels of exercise.\"The finding should help an average Indian get off h/his couch to catch up on a moderate jog for at least four times a week.Cardiology society of India president Dr Ashok Seth, however, says brisk walking that covers 5-6 km per hour is as good as jogging.\"Physical activity is the single most important determinant of energy expenditure and is fundamental to energy balance and weight control. Around 40 minutes of moderate-intensity physical activity five days a week, including five minutes of warm up and five minutes of cool down is a must. All risk factors of diabetes, cholesterol, obesity, stress and hypertension are controlled by a single activity, exercise,\" Dr Seth said.He added, \"If one can just about speak a single sentence, he is walking at the right pace. If he is able to talk comfortably, he is walking slowly. And if he cannot speak a single sentence, he is walking too fast.\"Indians aren't sweating it out enough.The Planning Commission says a quarter of men (24%) and one-third of women (34%) of women report inadequate physical activity (defined as 1-149 minutes of activity in seven days). The proportion with inadequate physical activity is 39% and 27% in urban and rural areas, respectively. High income group is by and large more physically inactive (28.6% vs. 24.7%) as compared to low-income group.The Indian Council for Medical Research says work related sedentariness is high in urban (64.1%) and peri-urban areas (44.8%) as compared to rural areas (39.0%). Leisure time physical inactivity was as high as 84.3% in urban, 87.9% in peri-urban/slum and 86% in rural areas.Results show that in the follow-up period of 35 years, 10,158 deaths were registered among non-joggers and 122 deaths among joggers.The first data was collected between 1976 to 1978, the second (1981-83), the third (1991-94), and the fourth (2001-03).For the jogging sub-study, the mortality of 1,116 male joggers and 762 female joggers was compared to the non-joggers. All participants were asked to answer questions about the amount of time they spent jogging each week, and to rate their own perceptions of pace (defined as slow, average, and fast).Schnohr, who is based at Copenhagen's Bispebjerg University Hospital, said, \"The improved psychological well-being may be down to the fact that people have more social interactions when they're out jogging.\"The debate over jogging first kicked off in the 1970s, when middle-aged men took an interest in the past-time. \"After a few men died while out on a run, various newspapers suggested that jogging might be too strenuous for ordinary middle aged people,\" recalled Schnohr.The study is a prospective cardiovascular population study of around 20,000 men and women aged between 20 and 93 years. It made use of the Copenhagen Population Register, set out to increase knowledge about prevention of cardiovascular disease and stroke. The study has resulted in publication of over 750 papers, has expanded to include other diseases such as heart failure, pulmonary diseases, allergy, epilepsy, dementia, sleep-apnea and genetics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12988615", "title": "Jaipur court dismisses plea of Ajmer Dargah blast accused", "text": "NEW DELHI: A petition filed by two Ajmer blast accused alleging coercion and bribe offer by NIA to name RSS functionaries in Hindu terror cases has been thrown out by the NIA Special Court in Jaipur on Thursday.Harshad Solanki and Mukesh Vasnani, both accused in the 2007 Ajmer Dargah blast, had on April 27 filed separate application in the court alleging that the agency was torturing them. They claimed that NIA offered them Rs 1 crore each if they name three senior RSS functionaries in the case and also owned up that they killed Sunil Joshi , mastermind of several Hindu terror blasts, at their behest.They also alleged that NIA offered to withdraw cases against them if they obliged. Joshi was murdered near Ratlam a few days after the Dargah blast. Vasnani and Solanki are also accused in Joshi's murder.The duo is in judicial remand, and was interrogated by NIA sleuths for three days from April 16.NIA sources said that the agency argued in the court that the interrogation was conducted with due permission from courts and proved that allegations were baseless and were being made to scuttle the probe. The court, after hearing arguments from both sides, dismissed the petition.The formal order of the court, however, is yet to be issued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12992023", "title": "Karthika has a string of movies lined up", "text": "Karthika who entered filmdom in Kollywood with Ko is on cloud nine as her Telugu movie Dammu with Junior NTR has given a grand opening and is being dubbed and released as Singakutti in Tamil this Friday.The actress who has won the best debut award for Josh in Telugu, Ko in Tamiland Makaramanju in Malayalam has a string of movies in her kitty.Karthika will be seen in Barathiraja's Annakodium Kodiveeranum, Madha Gaja Raja pairing with Vishal under Sundar.C's direction and a Malayalam movie 'Gold' under Rajesh Pillai's direction. Sources also reveal that Karthika is also being considered in the remake of SAC's yesteryear blockbuster Sattam Oru Irrutarai to be produced under Vijay's Banner, Ghilli Films.Well, let's see whether Karthika can prove her mettle and success in acting like her mother.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "12989322", "title": "Haryana launches survey to find out role of bride agents", "text": "SIRSA: Amid reports that a large number of brides are bought and brought from other states, Haryana government has initiated a survey to find out agents involved in supply of such girls in the state. The move has been initiated to ascertain the status of such women in Haryana.In a recent communication to its officials, the state women and child development department has sent a questionnaire to find out details about such agents. \"The study is aimed at ascertaining the actual status of those poor women from other states, who got married in Haryana. In some cases, they become victims of dowry or are tortured by their husbands. Many cases of dowry and buying of women have come to light in Haryana, and hence the government started this survey to verify the ground reports,\" said an official spokesperson of the Sirsa district administration.\"We will hand over the questionnaire to all anganwari workers, who will organize the survey by visiting households in their areas,\" said Darshana Devi, child development project officer, Sirsa, adding that maximum information will be gathered about the status of such brides during the survey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12988108", "title": "Engineer pulled up for 9-hr power breakdown", "text": "GURGAON: Following the nine-hour power breakdown in Sheetla Colony on April 28, Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (DHBVN) executive engineer has pulled up a sub-divisional officer for dereliction of duty.The 11kV Sheetla feeder, which supplies power to 12 colonies in the area, had stopped functioning last week. But the junior engineer didn't even inform the officials concerned about the problem.The letter from the executive engineer reads: \"This type of your careless attitude, untrustworthiness, and poor performing of duties is not tolerable. (sic)\" The junior engineer has been given three days' time to explain his stand, failing which he faces disciplinary action.\"The number of complaints concerning breakdown and other issues increase during summer and we want to reduce the turnaround time. Not only will this help the residents, it will also help us in plugging revenue loss,\" said a senior DHBVN official.\"We have strictly instructed the linemen and junior engineer not to take any complaint lightly. We want residents to come forward and register their complaints with us if the engineers in their area do not respond in time,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "estoril", "code": "12993577", "title": "Sania-Rodionova pair loses in semis of Estoril Open", "text": "ESTORIL: Sania Mirza and her partner Anastasia Rodionova crashed out of the Estoril Open after losing to the Kazakh pair of Yaroslava Shvedova and Galina Voskobo 6-3 7-6 (6) in the women's doubles semifinals.The second seeded Indo-Australian combo fought hard before going down to third seeds in an hour and 24 minutes.There was, however, little to differentiate between the two teams.While Sania and Rodionova saved five out of eight breakpoints in the match and converted two off their seven chances, Shvedova and Voskobo saved five of seven breakpoints and converted three out of the eight opportunities they earned.After losing the first set 3-6, the Indo-Australian pair managed to take the second set to the tie breaker.But the Kazakhs held their nerves to seal the set and the match. Rodionova had beaten Sania in the 2010 Commonwealth Games women's singles final.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12989589", "title": "Election Commission directed to state stand on YSR Congress symbol", "text": "HYDERABAD: A vacation bench of the high court on Thursday sought within a week the stand of the central election commission on a plea filed by YSR Congress asking for a common election symbol for the party with an eye on the upcoming bypolls. The party wants the picture of a fan as its electoral symbol.The bench comprising justices G Chandraiah and N Ravi Shankar was hearing a petition filed by YSR Congress leader Bajireddy Govardhan who challenged election commission's official inaction in the matter.Appearing for the petitioner, senior counsel DV Sitarama Murthy told the bench that YSR Congress was eligible for a common symbol in the upcoming byelections.Citing several clauses of the Symbol Order pertaining to reservation and allotment of a common symbol, Murthy told the court that even though such an allotment affects none, the authorities kept sitting on the party's application for a common symbol.When the bench sought to know the election commission's views on this, its counsel said that he would obtain the required instructions. Thereafter, the bench posted the matter to next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12992282", "title": "Siva Karthikeyan joins hands with Dhanush", "text": "Marina fame Siva Karthikeyan is a busy bee these days. The television anchor-turned-actor is eagerly awaiting the release of his next Manam Kothi Paravai. Marina went well and Siva Karthikeyan's stocks soared high.Meanwhile he played part of Dhanush's 3 and the film won him accolades and Dhanush's admiration. The latest buzz is that Dhanush has chosen Siva Karthikeyan to play the lead role in his next home production. The movie is being directed by Vetrimaaran's assistant, Senthil and Anirudh is scoring music for it.Siva Karthikeyan meanwhile is flooded with offers. However he is vbery choosy and in no hurry to commit all that comes his way. Meanwhile, Marina is all set to be dubbed and released in Telugu.Source: Cinesnacks.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12988770", "title": "Chinesesmoking habits irk cops", "text": "BOKARO: Some Chinese nationals, working for a local steel plant, seemed to have annoyed Bokaro police with their smoking habits and alleged indiscipline. The police took several friendly steps to stop the Chinese from smoking but it appears that they are not ready to comprise with the habit.Four months ago, district police officers launched an anti-smoking drive and put up \"no smoking\" posters, written in Chinese, on the walls of important buildings, including Bokaro SP Kuldeep Dwivedi's office in Sector-I.The step was taken in a bid to stop Chinese smokers, who work for Electrosteel Steel Plant in Chandankiyari and visit the SP's office for visa extension everyday, from frequent smoking.In the first few days, the posters did bring about a change in the smoking habits of the Chinese nationals. However, the situation was back to square one in some time.The anti-smoking posters pasted on the walls of the SP's office were found missing or torn off. A few Chinese men and women are now also seen taking puffs outside the SP's office.\"On several occasions, we have tried stopping them from smoking but they never pay any heed to us. They do not understand our language and communicating with them is a problem. The posters pasted by us were torn off,\" said a guard at the SP's office.The SP's office campus comprises a foreign section department and a chamber of the DSP (headquarters), P N Singh, besides an accounts section and a computer section. There are more than 800 Chinese working in Electrosteel at present.DSP Singh said they had taken every possible step to stop the Chinese workers from smoking on the campus.\"Apart from pasting posters, putting up anti-smoking messages on the walls, I learnt a few Chinese words to convey the rules to the Chinese men, but that did not help,\" he said.The Chinese workers were also known to have created nuisance at the office. Recently, Singh sent a complaint to Electrosteel against Hung Hua, a Chinese worker, for misbehaving with the police. He was sent back to his country.\"In lieu of the current situation, these Chinese workers were asked to abide by several instructions like making a queue outside the SP's office and bringing an interpreter along with them. They were also asked to carry a pen and necessary documents with them,\" said Singh.Electrosteel general manager C P Pandey said the workers had been strictly told not to smoke in and around the SP's office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12989697", "title": "Chamundi Temple to be given old look", "text": "MYSORE: Visitors to the ancient Sri Chamundeshwari Temple atop Chamundi Hills will get to enjoy an airy surroundings at the place of worship. The facilties in the temple being used for non-religious purposes will be relocated and the walls, built some seven decades ago, will be demolished to give it an old look.Chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda will launch the development works worth Rs 1.49 crore on Friday. It includes development of Devikere and its surroundings. District minister S A Ramdas on Thursday said they want to give the place of worship its old look. \"We have consulted the department of archaeology and worked out the plan,\" he told reporters.The government has handed over the works to Karnataka Water Supply and Drainage Board to manage water supply at the pilgrimage site, and this work will also be launched. The Rs 66.50-lakh project is aimed at supplying water to 450 families residing in the village. The stalls at the site will be relocated to an eight-acre plot, which is purchased by the government from villagers at guidance value. According to Ramdas, the villagers have voluntarily sold the land.During the chief minister's visit, the works on the Rs 4-crore City Central Library will be launched at People's Park and renovated Nishad Bagh will be opened to the public. Four water bodies -- Karanji lake, Devikere lake, Alanahally lake and Nadanahalli Lake -- will be rejuvenated at a cost of Rs 2.73 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12987196", "title": "No water in some Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation areas today", "text": "PUNE: Several areas of Pimpri Chinchwad will not get water on Friday evening due to urgent repair works at the Ravet main water works.Sharad Jadhav, executive engineer of PCMC said, \"There will be no supply to several areas of Nigdi-Pradhikaran (zone A), Pimpri-Chinchwad (zone B), Bhosari-Kasarwadi (zone C), and Sangvi-Wakad (zone D) in the evening on May 4. The areas of Ravet, Kiwale, Mamurdi and Vikasnagar in zone B will receive evening supply on Friday. The areas from Thergaon to Pimple Nilakh in zone D will only get evening water supply.\" These areas will get water under low pressure on Saturday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12987375", "title": "Mid-day meals: Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation to set up central kitchens", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) is planning to set up central kitchens to provide hygienic food to primary school students as part of mid-day meals and has sought the state education board's approval for the same.At present, women self-help groups supply food under the scheme.There are around 50,000 students studying in 136 municipal primary schools in Pimpri-Chinchwad. It has been proposed that one kitchen each will cater to a cluster of 20 to 25 schools. The PCMC intends to start supplying food from the central kitchens in the academic year 2012-13.Balasasaheb Ovhal, education officer, primary education department, PCMC, said that the central kitchens will be set up after the state education board's approval.He said, \"The school board had invited bids to allot contracts for setting up the central kitchens. Fourteen out of 26 applicants fulfilled the conditions and were thus found eligible. The report has been sent to the Balbharati's Pune office, which will take a decision about the contractors selected for running the central kitchens.\"The Union government-supported mid-day meal scheme is being implemented since November 1995. The aim is to encourage students to attend school and to decrease the drop-out rate. Students of std I to VIII in schools run by the Union and state governments, local self government bodies, fully and partial aided schools of private organisations, community schools and Mahatma Phule Shikshan Humi Yojana Kendras benefit from the scheme. Initially, when the scheme was started, the students were given three kg of rice as take-home supplements. But, in 2002, the Union government gave directives that cooked food be provided to the students.Meanwhile, civic officials said there had been complaints about food not being cooked properly and that students were given lesser quantity of food. Some incidents of food poisoning had also happened under the mid-day meal scheme. In 2011, the state government had issued guidelines that a system of central kitchens be set up in urban areas to supply food to students between std I and VIII. It had also given instructions of the items that have to be cooked and supplied to the students as food under the scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12991681", "title": "Keith Haring's 54th birthday: Google pays tribute with a colourful doodle", "text": "NEW DELHI: Google doodle today celebrates the 54th birth anniversary of artist and social activist Keith Haring. The doodle made of bright colours features a bunch of people dancing and celebrating, seemingly gathered to celebrate Haring's birthday party.The first 'O' of the word Google looks like a superman, ready to fly. The other 'O' has two people busy in a jig. The last letter of the word Google 'E' has a man seemingly with a birthday a card with a heart on it.Haring was born on May 4, 1958 in Pennsylvania. His father Allen Haring too was a cartoonist. Interested in art from an early age, Haring studied commercial art at The Ivy School of Professional Art, Pittsburgh .However, he lost interest in commercial art and enrolled himself in a Fine Arts course. In 1978 at the age of 17, Haring moved to New York City, where he was inspired by graffiti art, and studied at the School of Visual Arts.Haring received his first public appreciation through the chalk drawings that he made in the subways of New York. These are regarded as first pieces of pop art. During this time, \"The Radiant Baby\" became his symbol.Between 1980 and 1989, Haring took part in numerous international exhibitions across the globe. His drawings were characterised by bold lines and vivid colors and sent a strong message of life and unity.Diagnosed with AIDS in 1988, Haring went on to establish the Keith Haring Foundation. The foundation worked for AIDs patients and children.Keith Haring died on February 16, 1990 at the young age of 31.Google doodles are the decorative changes that are made to the Google logo to celebrate holidays, anniversaries, and the lives of famous artists and scientists. The first doodle was created by Larry Page and Sergy Brin in the year 1998 to mark the celebrations of the Burning Man Festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12989538", "title": "2 snatchers nabbed", "text": "Police personnel of Shimlapuri police station have arrested two snatchers- Gulshan Kumar, 20, and Dev Narayan, 28, from Tedi Road, while they were on prowl, on Thursday evening.Police recovered a knife and two gold chains- one weighing 20gm and another 10gm. Assistant commissioner of police (ACP) Mukhtiar Singh said they found the miscreants' behaviour suspicious at a check post on Tedi Road.The duo were stopped and the gold chains and knife recovered from them. The snatchers have confessed two incidents so far and may reveal leads in other snatching incidents as well, said the ACP. \"They (snatchers) are cousins who targeted innocent people,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12987774", "title": "Party drug recovered at airport", "text": "NEW DELHI: Customs officials recovered 3.16 kg of party drug Ketamine at the IGI Airport on Wednesday night. This is the second case of Ketamine smuggling that has been unearthed at the airport this year.VK Goel, commissioner of customs, said they had information about a passenger who would attempt to carry the drug out of the country. \"While x-raying the baggage of passenger Mohideen Basheer, a resident of Trichy, officials found something concealed in a false bottom in his baggage. It was found that the cavity held white cloth pouches hat contained a powdery substance which tested positive for Ketamine,\" he said.Basheer has been arrested under NDPS Act, 1985.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12988027", "title": "High court seeks details of deaths occurred during Gujjar agitation", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court on Thursday asked the director general of police to appear before it and file an affidavit stating the number of people died during the Gujjar agitation in the past four years in the state. The court was annoyed that at one hand the government was pressing for punishment of Gujjar leader Kirori Singh Bainsla for contempt of court and at the same time holding talks with him to end the quota impasse.\"The court observed that if the government was so serious to see Bainsla punished for contempt of court, then why talks were being held and promises were being given by the chief minister to give reservation to Gujjars. The court has also called for a detailed affidavit from the home secretary as to whether the government wants to continue with the contempt petition or not,\" said Kamlakar Sharma, counsel for Bainsla.A contempt of court petition was filed against Kirori Singh Bainsla in 2008 for flouting a court directive not to indulge in violence and disrupt public life in the name of agitation. The order was passed by Justice P S Asopa on a petition filed by state government in September 2007.The state government on Wednesday filed an affidavit stating that Bainsla was well aware of the court's order to maintain peace but he deliberately indulged in activities that resulted in law and order problem. But the court was not satisfied with the government's reply and directed the DGP and Bainsla to appear in person before the court on May 11.In its order passed on the contempt petition on Thursday, Justice Mahesh Chandra Sharma observed: \"It is not clarified in the affidavit filed by the state government that how many persons had died during the Gujjar agitation after the high court passed the order in 2007. For that purpose, it will be appropriate for this court to direct the DGP to file a detailed affidavit as to how many persons have died during the Gujjar agitation and he will also give the details in the affidavit about the dates and place of occurance where the persons have died and what steps were taken after the death of such persons.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "12989071", "title": "Howrah teacher held for showing porn to school students", "text": "HOWRAH: A 47-year-old schoolteacher from Howrah was hauled up for showing pornographic material on his mobile phone to students. Bally resident Debasis Das, who taught English at Belur High School, was arrested on Thursday after parents lodged a complaint against him. Das was also suspended from the school immediately.A couple of months ago, MLAs of Karnataka and Gujarat were accused of watching it in their respective Assemblies. And now, a 47-year-old schoolteacher from Howrah has been hauled up for showing pornographic material in his mobile phone to students. Bally resident Debasis Das, who taught English in the Belur High School, was arrested on Thursday after parents lodged a complaint against him. He was also suspended from the school immediately.Das taught English to students of Classes V to VIII in the all boys' school. On Thursday morning, hundreds of parents turned up at the school and demanded a meeting with headmaster Tapas Chattopadhyay. The headmaster was shocked when the parents accused Das of showing obscene photographs and film clips on his mobile phone to their sons. The parents also staged a demonstration outside the school premises demanding the teacher's suspension.The parents then lodged a complaint with the police, accusing Das of sexually harassing their children. Das was arrested and taken to the police station.\"The governing body of the school is taking this charge very seriously and we have suspended him. I will also take up the matter with the West Bengal Board of Secondary Education. In December, 2011, this teacher was suspended for academic reasons. The suspension was revoked in the end of March and he started taking classes again. We are treating this complaint very seriously though,\" Chattopadhyay said.Nishat Pervez, DC(HQ), Howrah City Police, confirmed that the teacher was arrested and investigations were on. Display of pornographic material to minors is a punishable offence in India and Das is liable to be sentenced if the charges against him are proved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12987374", "title": "Nagpur\u2019s culture vultures flocking to South Central Zone Cultural Centre", "text": "NAGPUR: An overloaded calendar of activities has kept the sprawling South Central Zone Cultural Centre buzzing with events over the last one year. With a makeover done in September last year, the Centre has been making news for all the right reasons in the cultural circles and has emerged as a favourite venue for all kinds of art, theatre and music related activities.Besides the regular craft fairs and dance festival organised by SCZCC, the Centre has also been the venue for musical shows and theatre presentations by city groups over the past few months. Now a summer camp for kids is being held there. Radio jockey Milind Patil, who is organising this camp, says that the venue adds value to the activity. \"Over the last two years, cultural activities at SCZCC have seen a tremendous increase. The spruced up campus now provides a fitting venue for kids to learn about art and culture. We will be utilising open air theatre Muktangan to train the children,\" he says.Patil says an amphitheatre has become such a rarity that just getting a feel of it will be a unique experience for the kids. \"I also selected this place because a hall, however huge, does not provide as invigorating an atmosphere as a place covered with trees and greenery out in the open.\"Dr Ravi Wankhede, who had recently held a musical night of K L Saigal's songs, agrees. \"I think these songs are also a part of our cultural heritage. The amphitheatre where we held this show provided a fitting stage for the soulful songs and I had a lovely time rendering them,\" he says.Happy with the positive movements taking place, director of SCZCC Ravinder Singal says the aim has been to make the place look like a cultural centre and also to hold activities that promote art, culture and heritage. \"People are now associating with this place and we are getting proposals to hold different activities,\" he says. Singal says he wants to change the spectrum in terms of events and participation. \"Starting from today, I am organising a crafts bazaar. This one is different as my effort is to call in artisans from the remotest regions of the five states that fall under our ambit,\" he adds.The SCZCC campus boasts of some very fine pieces of tribal art and architecture all made and installed recently. The life-sized dolls, the bell metal artefacts and wooden and bronze structures showcase the rich cultural fabric of the states that the Centre represents. Though many organisations want to hold activities here, the price tag is acting as an impediment. At 15,000 a day, it is beyond the pockets of most.Singal says the best thing is that people are talking about the place. \"Big NGOs who get huge funding from the government should not mind paying this amount. We are willing to negotiate with genuine organisations working at no-profit no-loss basis to promote culture,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12988166", "title": "Global Positioning system to help locate supply pole to homes", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The power department will soon use the Global Positioning system (GPS) to locate the exact pole from where supply would be given to households seeking new connection.As a part of its ongoing exercise to become hi-tech, the power department is conducting a house to house survey in the six divisions to compile records of each consumer. Alongside, the department is also allotting codes to each transformer and electricity poles connected with it. Once this is completed, the data collected would be entered in the main server installed in the city which would be linked with the central server in Lucknow.This would enable the department to maintain a track record of each consumer alongwith the equipment like transformers and electricity poles.The department is also planning to tie-up with the Allahabad Municipal Corporation which in turn would provide the details of every house including house number, total area and number of rooms, executive engineer, administration, Mohd Feroze said. \"This would be of great help in ascertaining the exact load of each house because at times some consumer provide incorrect details of the size of their house and number of occupants,\" he added.He said once the main server is linked with the GPS, the department would be able to zero in on the exact location of the houses and take photographs. Coupled with this, the details provided by AMC would also come in handy to verify the information provided by the consumer seeking new connections.On the other hand, the new exercise would also come as a boon for consumers staying outside their hometown with old parents as the lone occupants.These consumers can open the website of the power department and enter the connection number and thereafter fill up the monthly readings on the space provided on the site. Within seconds the bill would be produced which can be paid online without bothering to pay in the city only where the house is located.The consumers would also be provided the option of making advance payments wherein monthly charges would be deducted every month from the amount deposited by the consumer. The maximum duration for this facility is two years.He said the above measures are part of a new exercise -- Revised-Accelerated Power development Reform Plan ( R-APDRP) and once it is completed the department would start functioning on the lines of departments like BSNL and Railways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12987964", "title": "\u2018No helmet, no petrol\u2019 drive a damp squib", "text": "GURGAON: The city's traffic police's yet another initiative - \"No helmet, no petrol\" - has bitten the dust. Under the drive, last year, the traffic police had conducted surprise checks at petrol pumps and issued challans to offenders for riding without helmets. Incidentally, the drive has not been followed up this year.The traffic police, however, said that the drive is going to be started once again. DCP (traffic) Bharti Arora said all petrol pump owners in the city would once again be asked to follow the directions and not allow helmetless bikers to buy petrol at the stations.\"Surprise inspections will be conducted soon in this regard,\" said the DCP. Even as the traffic police are regularly issuing challans for riding without helmets, bikers and pillion riders are often seen flouting the rules. Sadly, the death of 42 two-wheeler drivers in road accidents till March this year has failed to prove as a deterrent.Likewise, riders can be seen queuing up at petrol pumps without helmets. Petrol pump owners, on their part, are required to display a notice prominently at their stations, but that has hardly been the case.A citizen volunteer associated with the traffic police said that lack of manpower was the reason behind the discontinuance of the drive. He also narrated an incident when a traffic constable, who was not wearing a helmet himself, was found arguing with a pump attendant to give him petrol despite a board prominently displaying the message. Under such circumstances, it becomes extremely difficult to implement such initiatives, said the citizen volunteer.As compared to 2010, three times more challans were issued for riding without helmet in 2011. As compared to 16,240 in 2010, traffic police issued 48,313 challans in 2011. This year till April 20, as many as 13,963 challans have already been issued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12987708", "title": "Doctors protest cases over faulty paper work under Pre-Conception and Prenatal Diagnostic Techniques", "text": "NAGPUR: Imagine being dragged to court as an offender for a mistake in filling up a form, or action being taken for not displaying a notice board properly or keeping a book in the wrong place.Many doctors are being booked these days under the Pre-Conception and Prenatal Diagnostic Techniques (Prohibition of sex selection) Act 2003. The medical fraternity is not happy that most people being prosecuted under this non-bailable offence are not guilty of a medical or ethical error, but one of documentation or procedure.Four of the six 'offenders' against whom cases are being pursued by the district civil surgeon, booked between July 2011 to January 2012, are being prosecuted for such mistakes. Three of them have been booked for not maintaining the F-form, where the doctors are supposed to record the patient's history correctly. One of them was taken to court because the display board with the message 'sex determination not done here' was not placed at the centre of the clinic.\"It is unfair that in most of these cases the quantum of punishment, which can range from machines being sealed to rigorous imprisonment, far exceeds the offence. Our municipal authorities suddenly became very strict and made some new regulations in late 2011, after the census data was released. Soon afterwards, they started booking the doctors, without offering a window period within which doctors could adhere to the new laws,\" said Dr Kajal Mitra, president of Vidarbha Indian Radiological and Imaging Association.His views are endorsed by president of the city branch of Indian Medical Association (IMA), Dr Harish Chandak. \"Sex determination is a crime that deserves and even calls for strict punishment. Form-F is only about the patient's history. Not taking signature or filling the address or name wrongly are mistakes but not crimes. These mistakes can creep in due to human error or practical difficulties, like communication gap,\" he said. He stressed that for such a mistake, there must be warning before a doctor is penalized and the punishment must be befitting the crime.Pointing out that the documentation required from doctors in the developed world is very stringent, Dr Mitra said that not many Indian doctors are good with clerical jobs and need some time to learn them. He informed that his association has taken up the matter with the authorities through Medical Council of India, suggesting some changes to the central committee, which could amend the act further.Most of the mistakes being prosecuted are silly ones and the authorities can afford some leniency, believes Dr Ankita Kothe, president of Nagpur Obstetric and Gynaecological Society.\"Not all of us are used to computers, so typing and spelling mistakes happen. Sealing machines for these reasons badly affects health care services. If we could have regular interaction with the regulatory officials, so they guide us to correct the mistakes that creep in unintentionally, things could improve a lot,\" she said, adding that despite all this if the doctors fail, authorities would not be wrong in taking strict action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12988433", "title": "Water supply to Bokaro Steel restored", "text": "BOKARO: Water supply to Bokaro Steel (BSL) has been restored as the broken wall of Tenughat canal was repaired at Baruataad here. Water supply between Tenughat dam and BSL was snapped after alleged miscreants damaged its walls last Friday. The incident led to flooding outside the 34-km canal from the breached portion and submerged the area. Breach in the wall had also hit the routine water supply to BSL township. BSL, in a bid to meet its water needs, used water stocked in two cooling ponds and has curtailed supply to the township from twice to once daily.BSL chief of communication said it would take a few more days to regularize normal supply in the canal. At present, 7,000 cubic metres water per hour is being supplied to the canal, which will be raised to its original capacity of 18,000 cubic metres soon.Using water from cooling ponds has led to a decrease in water level of the ponds. It will take over two months to compensate the level. The water supply in township, which has been curtailed following the incident, will also be normalized, said BSL sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12989156", "title": "Keep essence of democracy alive in Cortalim", "text": "The people of Cortalim constituency will soon have to elect a new MLA. There are moves to field Alina Saldanha as a candidate. Doesn't this constitute \"family Raj\" which is contrary to the very basic tenets of democracy and which was also vociferously opposed by the late Matanhy Saldanha in the run-up to the assembly elections held in March? Elections cannot be fought over emotions. The essence of democracy has to be kept alive and Cortalim may have to look beyond Alina. It has to be a full-fledged election as against an unopposed or 'fixed' candidacy. Democracy is about election and not a selection.Aires RodriguesStray dog menace needs attentionRecently there was a news report of a stray dog biting several people in Fatorda. This morning, as I was walking along Benaulim Beach I was bitten by a mad dog. It is a shame that Goa, which promotes itself as a major foreign tourist destination, is doing virtually nothing about the stray dog menace. Walk along any beach and you will find packs of stray dogs who roam around ferociously. Besides, they mess the beautiful beaches. Even though Margao municipal council signed an agreement in March 2010 with the South Goa welfare trust for animals (SGWTA) to solve the stray dog menace, nothing much has been done by the civic body to help the NGO. The agreement completed two years this March and the menace still continues. Chief minister Manohar Parrikar had announced a decade ago that the Goa government would come out with a novel scheme to combat the situation. Till the date, no signs can be seen about any such proposal.Anthony DiasFirst ensure tourists' safetySpecial tourist zones to allow partying till late night is pointless if you cannot assure tourists safety. There have been instances of rape and murder which have given Goa a bad name internationally. If we want to be on the international tourism map we can ill afford such bad publicity. An insensitive police force is all it takes to give tourism a bad name. Local and international tourists expect to feel safe in the state. Tourists come to Goa to have a good time and want their money's worth. Being taken for a ride, literally and figuratively, by taxi and rickshaw drivers and shack owners is not their idea of having a good time. We need to look at long term gains and not short term profits. This is where the government and the tourism department should step in with a heavy hand and regulate taxi and rickshaw fares and other tourist activity. Improving the infrastructure building marinas to attract a different type of tourist will go a long way in promoting Goa as a tourist destination. Having the best tourist facilities will not bring tourist if they do not feel safe.DC DiasStill no Mapusa fish marketAnother monsoon is upon us and the Mapusa fish market is far from complete. Vendors will be forced once gain to spend another year under tiny umbrellas during the rains. In spite of repeated promises from the previous government and the new-found gusto of the present one, work seems to have halted. It won't be long before people have to wade through ankle-deep water just and put up with the stench to buy fish. How long does it take to build a decent, hygienic place to meet the daily needs of the people? This has gone on for far too long. The government needs to pay a little more attention to Mapusa and the myriad garbage and space issues here.Sheila MundyeCurb exorbitant taxi ratesThe move by the Goa chamber of commerce and industry to petition chief minister Manohar Parrikar to regulate rates charged by taxi drivers is a step in the right direction. Any world-class tourist destination has two important characteristics-a reliable transport system and a good taxi service. While understandable an efficient public transport system may be difficult to implement so soon, the government can, and must, regulate taxi rates and make the meter system compulsory. Charging exorbitant rates for the smallest distances may benefit the cabbies right now, but in the long run, they serve as bad examples of Goa's hospitable character and could even put off tourists who would find it too expensive to commute.Giacomo Lopes", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12989186", "title": "Expose youth to civil service exams: Indian Revenue Service officer", "text": "Extremely competitive exams at the national level, like the Union Public Service Commission examination, can be an arduous task. But in a highly populous country like India, these can also be an uncertain affair. With lakhs of persevering applicants, one never really knows if they will make the grade, and all those months of preparation can leave you dejected. But, for the lucky few who get in, it is an opportunity to join a force that practically runs the country-the civil services.A few months after being posted to Goa as the assistant commissioner, S Sundar Rajan, an Indian Revenue Service officer, began wondering why Goans were not attempting the civil service exams.\"I cannot find a single service coaching centre here. Goan youth should be exposed to this (civil services),\" said Sundar Rajan in a free-wheeling chat with TOI. He felt awareness of the civil services was lacking in the state. \"In other states there is greater awareness and hence many UPSC coaching centres. Students should know it is a career option they can pursue. It will lead to more exposure for them and they can also do good work for the country.\"Good work for the country. That was exactly what made Sundar Rajan-who had been working as an engineer with Tata Chemicals , Mumbai, for a year-and-a-half at the time-quit his job and begin his preparation for the exams. He chose a career in IRS \"after leaving a highly remunerative corporate life\".His tryst with the civil services began when his elder brother emerged as the topper in the all-India results of UPSC in 2005, securing the coveted first rank. Born in Thiruvali near Kanyakumari, tall and lanky Sundar Rajan had completed an engineering degree from BITS in Pilani, and then pursued an MBA from Symbiosis, Pune.In 2005, he endured a year of exam preparation in Delhi's Old Rajinder Nagar-a UPSC exam preparation hub teeming with coaching institutes-to crack one of the most sought after and highly competitive exams in the country. Only around 800-odd, out of four lakh applicants, manage to clear the gruelling exam and interview process.Sundar Rajan secured the 177th rank in the 2007 UPSC exam (the exam and interview process take almost a year) and thus entered into the civil services in his very first attempt. Some fail to get in even after four attempts, the maximum possible. The 31-year old says he feels he is \"doing something more purposeful in life now\".Recently, Sundar Rajan published 'Dancing with Maharaja' his maiden book. Set in Rajinder Nagar- an inseparable part of many civil servants' lives-the book attempts to provide a realistic insight into a person's journey in the field of UPSC exam preparation.\"People's notion is that only the studious get through the exam. It is not so. What goes into the preparation remains an untold story until the media interviews the UPSC toppers each year,\" Sundar Rajan reveals. Penned in \"light English\", the novel is written in a narrative and descriptive style.Sundar Rajan began writing the novel in 2008, and within two months had completed 40%, writing three pages every day. But those two months he had spent all alone in a forest guest house with no mobile phone, internet or any other link to the outside world.Later, when he had to also juggle official work, he could manage to churn out just half a page a day. He finally completed the book this year and credits his supportive wife Jayanthi, also an IRS officer, for enabling him to do so.Set 10 years ago, around the dawn of the new millennium, the plot of the fiction novel revolves around Satish, a spoilt brat of a rich liquor store owner, whose father dreams of seeing his son become an IAS officer, something the son is loathe to doing. Incorporating real incidents from the period it is set in, the novel is woven around Satish's life, dreams, hardships and transformation.\"Everyone who has gone through the preparation and exam relates to the book,\" Sundar Rajan gushes, adding that from the feedback he has received \"people are able to connect with the story. They feel they are reliving the old days\". \"Many people have even asked me whose story it is... who is the person behind Satish's character,\" Sundar Rajan chuckles.For a person who admits to committing frequent spelling mistakes even in high school, penning the engrossing novel is a laudable feat. \"I took a liking to writing while doing my MBA,\" Sundar Rajan recalls. \"Writing is a hobby which I've followed seriously. It helps me sustain the pressures of work and life. I have written a few short stories too,\" he adds. \"Chetan Bhagat showed all of us that anyone can write and if written properly anyone will read it,\" he states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12987673", "title": "Goods worth Rs 8L stolen", "text": "MUMBAI: An electronics store on the Adi Shankaracharya Marg in Powai was broken into on Wednesday and electronic goods worth over Rs 8 lakh were stolen.The incident came to light when the shop was opened the next day.Police said that the locals did not see or hear any sound during the night when the electronic goods was stolen from the shop and carried away in a vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12987595", "title": "Advani to ply his trade on UK's pro snooker circuit", "text": "BANGALORE: Exactly a year after turning down an offer to play the professional snooker circuit in the UK and having said that pro snooker doesn't excite him, Pankaj Advani on Thursday accepted the wild card that the Billiards and Snooker Federation of India (BSFI) offered him.The 26-year-old Bangalorean will now rub shoulders with the best in the business in snooker along with fellow Indian Aditya Mehta, who beat Advani in the final of the Asian Snooker Championship last week in Doha, Qatar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12991909", "title": "Michella Gemito denied pay for Mohalla Assi", "text": "She had translated Kashinath Singh's Hindi novel Kashi Ka Assi in Italian two years back. So, when a Bollywood movie was being planned on the same book, the author asked Michella Gemito to meet the makers - producer Vinay Tiwari of Crossword Entertainment and director Chandra Prakash Dwivedi.Happy to have found the woman who had taken the story of their film Mohalla Assi to an international audience, the makers created a role in the Sunny Deol starrer for her. And Michella, who had been translating a lot of Indian work into Italian over the years had readily agreed to fly down to Varanasi and Mumbai from Rome at her own expense. Since she had to wait till her visa arrived, she shot for the film at a later stage.Her happiness was rather short lived. Mirror has learnt that Michella, who was promised a remuneration of Rs 6 lakh for her stint in the film is still waiting for the producers to show her the money. The expenses she had incurred due to this have not been reimbursed either.Speaking from Rome, in fluent Hindi, Michella told Mirror, \"I worked for two months on the movie a year ago. I visited Mumbai and Varanasi. I am not an actress or a tourist. I came particularly for the project since I am fond of Varanasi and Indian culture. And yes, I am still waiting for the payment.\"To get her money back, Michella wrote several mails to producer Vinay Tiwari. Failing to evoke a response, she eventually sent the production house a legal notice.\"I signed a proper agreement with a lawyer. I got a working visa from my embassy. It wasn't easy. I am very fond of Bollywood movies. I had a great time working with Sunny and Mr Dwivedi. But I am very disappointed with the production house and their unprofessional behaviour,\" said Michella.When we contacted the producer, Tiwari, he initially denied having any knowledge about the matter. But later, he said, \"She has worked in the film but we don't have to pay her anything. We have reverted to her legal notice as well. Someone is just trying to spread rumours about our production house. We asked her to come to India. She didn't have any permission to work in movies.\"Michella, who has earlier translated films like Jodhaa Akbar, Love Aaj Kal and Kuch Na Kaho into Italian, is planning to visit Mumbai soon and sort out her monies. r", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12988485", "title": "Man dies after assault by in-laws", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 27-year-old man, who was assaulted by a group on April 27, died during treatment at VS Hospital on Thursday. Karanj police, who are investigating the case, have filed a case of murder. Police have already arrested three persons for the assault on April 28. Lal Darwaja resident Ashraf Khan Pathan had gone to his in-law's house in Gheekanta government quarters on April 27 to meet his wife when a quarrel ensued.\"Munawar was against the marriage and not happy with the way Ashraf treated his daughter. After his daughter's marriage with Ashraf, the ties were strained and Ashraf was asked not to visit his house again. However, when his wife came back to her father's place after getting offended with him, Ashraf went there to pacify her. Munawar and his sons however did not let him meet her,\" said a Karanj police official.The trio assaulted Ashraf. He sustained injuries on his head and collapsed on the spot. The nearby residents called an ambulance that took him to VS Hospital. Karanj police said his relative Mohammed Sarfaraz Shaikh had filed a plaint for attempt to murder after the incident in which the trio was arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12994024", "title": "Petition against Sachin Tendulkar's nomination to Rajya Sabha before PIL bench", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad high court today directed to place a writ petition filed against famous cricketer Sachin Tendulkar's nomination to the Rajya Sabha before the division bench dealing with PIL matters on May 7.The petition, filed by a local lawyer Ashok Pandey on May 2 had sought direction for quashing the recent nomination of Sachin Tendulkar to the Upper House.A division bench comprising justice Devi Prasad Singh and Justice Saeduzama Siddiqui passed this order today after the additional solicitor general Dr Ashok Nigam raised preliminary objections at the time of hearing that this petition is having the nature of Public Interest Litigation (PIL) hence it should be heard by such a bench.The petitioner in his petition has alleged that the nomination of Tendulkar was against the legal provisions and was in clear violation of the constitution.He has contended that Tendulkar's nomination as \"a renowned sportsman\" was in violation of the Article 80(3) of the constitution.As per the Article 80(3) the members to be nominated by the President shall consist of persons having special knowledge or practical experience in respect of matters namely literature, science, art and social service, he has stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12987437", "title": "Deadline shifted as Dwarka e-way trips on land hurdles", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Northern Peripheral Road is certainly not a road in a hurry. Pitched by the NCR's property developers as the next gold rush destination, the 18km alternative link between Dwarka and NH-8 - hence called Dwarka Expressway - has been five years on the table but is only 35% complete. Nearly 30% of the road's alignment is still uncertain due to land acquisition hurdles. The first deadline passed in March, and although Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA), the executing agency, says it will finish the expressway by October, the claim sounds optimistic.As of May 1, only a third of the 150m wide expressway has been built, HUDA's latest project report states. But the agency is more worried about the many court cases against land acquisition. So far, the government has settled only two of the 19 cases against the proposed acquisition of 5.5km length of land. And most cases are in limbo due to HUDA's failure to frame an acceptable rehabilitation proposal.On Wednesday morning, HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar issued directions for framing a rehabilitation proposal within 10 days. \"We are also moving an application in court for an early hearing,\" he told TOI. But an early hearing might not help the agency meet its October deadline as the court, in a related case, gave the displaced villagers nine months to relocate. \"We can overcome that time constraint,\" said Kumar, \"I have told the departments concerned to ensure that once a plot is allotted, villagers' building plans and other related civic works should be done on priority\".The politics of land acquisition poses another challenge. In New Palam Vihar, where most of the disputed land lies, HUDA needs 4km length of land and will have to rehabilitate 200 households. The area councillor, INLD's Rishi Raj, has made political capital out of the displacement issue since his debut in 2008.\"We will not settle for anything less than the market price for our land. HUDA is fooling villagers by offering 60% of the rate,\" said Raj, who is fighting cases on behalf of most villagers who have obtained stay orders against the project from the Punjab and Haryana high court.Even where the process is not disputed, HUDA has been slow to acquire land. In Sihi village, for instance, the acquisition is pending. In another sector, the agency has to get a part of the industrial land owned by Reliance and the Haryana State Industrial and Infrastructure Development Corporation.The agency also has to contend with other departments and their red tape. It has been following up with power utility HVPN to shift five 66 KV towers out of the expressway's alignment but the latter is in no hurry. \"We are still working on our 2009 projects; how can we take up this work?\" said an HVPN official. HUDA may finally move the towers itself. \"We won't wait for them. We have asked our electrical department to start the work under their supervision,\" said Kumar. There's also a raw water pump house that needs to be shifted, but it cannot be closed till a substitute is built to ensure water supply to the area.HUDA also has to discuss the working plan for the part of the expressway lying in Delhi with the city's government. However, Kumar remains hopeful: \"Once all these issues are settled, our project can be completed within six months\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12988693", "title": "Inter-ministerial talks on ahead of amending Anti-dowry Act", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government on Thursday said that the women and child development (WCD) ministry was eliciting views of other ministries before amending the anti-dowry Act on the basis of recommendations of the National Commission for Women (NCW).The NCW had suggested amendment to the definition of dowry, provision of registration of lists of gifts received at the time of marriage, provision of separate penalties for giving and taking of dowry among others.\"We have sought views from other departments on the issue (proposed amendment to the Dowry Prohibition Act, 1961),\" the minister of state for WCD Krishna Tirath said in the Rajya Sabha.The amendment bill was drafted taking into account the recommendations of the NCW. However, the NCW's suggestions were opposed by certain NGOs, she said during Question Hour.Tirath said the NCW held further consultations and provided the minutes of the same to the ministry. Thereafter, the ministry held regional and national consultations on it. \"Currently, the ministry is examining the proposed amendments in the light of the deliberations made in these consultations,\" she said.Replying to a separate question, she said 19 states, including Bihar and Rajasthan, have formulated dowry prohibitive rules on the model circulated by the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12989973", "title": "3 fruit vendors served notices, 100 kg watermelon destroyed", "text": "INDORE: In a drive against unhygienic food items and rotten fruits in the city, Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) on Thursday destroyed 100 kg of watermelon, which was not fit for consumption and served notices on three street fruit vendors. Civic officials vow to continue the drive.Health in-charge of IMC, Munnalal Yadav, said that they have been receiving complaints from the residents on unhygienic food items and rotten fruits being served by street vendors.\"We carried out a drive under the new Food Safety Act in Manikbagh areas and several shopkeepers were slapped fine for keeping stale food items,\" said Yadav adding that hundred kilograms of watermelon were also destroyed during the campaign.He further said that fruit sellers were selling watermelons in slices. \"If you cut a watermelon and keep the slices open air on the roadside for hours, then it becomes unfit for consumption due to dust particles on it and pollution. Besides this, it will start rotting. So we destroyed such watermelon,\" said the civic officials adding that a few Chinese food centres and fast food centres were also faced the action for not maintaining cleanliness in the shops and using substandard food items.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12989580", "title": "Bypolls: Congress a house divided?", "text": "HYDERABAD: If what the Congress had to go through to select 18 candidates for the June 12 bypolls can be described as an ordeal then it would appear that the real trauma is still to come.Upset over either not being consulted on the possible choice of candidates or for being left out in the cold in the matter of election tickets, influential ruling party groups in at least 10 of the 18 Assembly segments and the lone Lok Sabha constituency going to polls have threatened non-cooperation and even sabotage of the Congress campaign.One of the first to express unhappiness with the Congress byelection list even before it has been formally announced in New Delhi is Galla Aruna Kumari whose base is Chittoor district. Aruna wanted her industrialist-son Jayadev Galla to be nominated for the Tirupati constituency but could not succeed as Chiranjeevi managed to get his nominee, M Venkataramana, named for the electoral contest for the temple town seat.\"Aruna is very upset as she wanted the bypoll to be a qualifying contest for his son before the 2014 elections. Now, she has lost a great opportunity to launch her son into politics from Tirupati. Therefore, it is unlikely that the minister would go all out to campaign for a person who closed the door for her son,\" said an Aruna aide.In Guntur, where the bypolls are to be held in Macherla and Piduguralla, the local rivalry between MP Rayapati Sambasiva Rao and minister Kanna Lakshminarayana is threatening to derail the Congress campaign. Neither is the situation any better in Nellore where Congress is fielding Rajya Sabha MP T Subbarami Reddy for the Lok Sabha bypoll. Thus, it is being suggested that the Anam brothers - Ramnarayana and Vivekananda - are unlikely to whole-heartedly campaign for the party as victory for Subbarami is likely to threaten their hold over district politics, said sources.In Kadapa district, health minister DL Ravindra Reddy and endowments minister C Ramachandraiah have made it clear that they would not campaign for the party, insisting that it is the sole responsibility of chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy to ensure that the Congress candidates for the Rayachoti, Rajampet and Railway Kodur bypolls tasted success.In the meantime, former Union minister A Sai Pratap has also hinted that he would not be campaigning for the ruling party. The absence of the Balija leader could seriously hamper Congress's chances in these three constituencies where the community is present in sizeable numbers.In his latest salvo against Kiran Kumar, DL has charged the CM with being a secretly partial to YSR Congress president Jaganmohan Reddy and was the first cabinet minister to express doubts over the ruling party's chances under Kiran's leadership.Ramachandraiah is said to be sulking because he was not consulted in the matter of selection of candidates by either the chief minister or PCC president Bosta Satyanarayana.In Anantapur, senior MLA and former minister JC Diwakar Reddy has not been assigned any role in the campaign as the chief minister is siding with his arch-rival and minister N Raghuveera Reddy along with S Sailajanath. JC, the senior-most politician in the Assembly, is hence unlikely to work for a Congress victory. As a result, minority candidate Rashid Ahmed, fighting from the Anantapur urban seat, is caught in a crossfire with these factional fights all but certain to hamper his chances.In West Godavari district, minister Vatti Vasanta Kumar is reportedly unhappy as his opinion was not sought before finalization of the candidate for the Polavaram constituency.Similarly, in Srikakulam district, where Narasannapeta is the bypoll-bound seat, R&B; minister Dharamana Prasada Rao is reportedly displeased with the over-enthusiasm shown new minister Kondru Murali who is allegedly being promoted by the chief minister.Differences here are likely to adversely affect the prospects of party candidate and Dharmanas brother Ramdas. Likewise, for Warangal district's Parkal Assembly seat, MLA Gandra Venkataramana Reddy's wife Jyothi was denied the ticket prompting party workers in the area to go on the warpath saying that they will not work for the success of S Samme Rao, the official Congress candidate.Meanwhile, former TDP man Rao joined the Congress party in the presence of Botsa Satyanarayana on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12987734", "title": "Silicosis rampant among Rajasthan mine workers", "text": "NAGPUR: A recent study by National Institute for Miners' Health (NIMH) has shown presence of silicosis along with associated tuberculosis (TB) in as many as 23.2% workers in stone mines of Karauli district in Rajasthan. The institute has advised immediate medical intervention for providing medical services, rehabilitation of affected individuals and adequate compensation to patients as silicosis was a notified disease under the Workmen Compensation Act.The institute conducted the study on the request and demand of Aravali, a state-initiated NGO in Rajasthan. Aravali had been monitoring the situation in stone mines and it shared the records of mine workers suffering from respiratory problems with history of employment in stone mines. The study was conducted by NIMH director P K Sishodiya with assistance from S S Nandi.\"The medical records sent to us by Aravali of 93 patients including chest X-rays showed evidence of silicosis in 73 patients (78.5%). Of these, the disease in 16 persons (21.9%) had advanced into 'progressive massive fibrosis' in lungs, an almost irreversible stage leading to death in a majority of patients. Two patients were in Stage II of fibrosis. The longer the duration of work of the worker in the mine, more severe the stage of fibrosis,\" said the NIMH director.Silicosis, according to NIMH, is one of the worst occupational hazards of mine workers. In prolonged exposure, it causes formation of hard nodule like structures in lungs causing deterioration in breathing gradually resulting in death as there is no treatment available.Nandi said that 23.2% of patients with silicosis had radiological evidence of pulmonary tuberculosis and same number had both TB and silicosis. \"We have notified the findings to the enforcement agency- the directorate general of mines safety under the Mines Act 1952,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "yamunanagar", "code": "12989332", "title": "Yamunanagar boy awarded for acting in 'Chillar Party'", "text": "YAMUNANAGAR: A 12-year-old boy, Chinmay Chandranshuh, of Yamunanagar on Thursday received the best child artist award from the Vice President for his performance in \" Chillar Party\" at the national film awards function in New Delhi on Thursday. Nine other children, who played in this children's movie, were also honoured on the occasion.The parents of Chinmay had also acted in the movie. The boy had started his acting career at the age of six when he worked for an Urdu serial \"Chinab\" that was screened on Doordarshan.Chinmay has also got a role in the much-awaited biopic of Milkha Singh \"Bhag Milkha Bhag\" as the friend of iconic athlete in his childhood. Seeing his performance, Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra had selected him for the movie. Chinmai's mother, Geeta Sharma, will play the role of his mother in the movie.\"I am happy to work for more movies, but I have to strike a balance with studies,\" Chinmay said. His father Rajender Sharma had worked in movies like \"Rock Star\", \"Love Aaj Kal\" and \"Do Duni Char\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12990004", "title": "Kannur airport to make profit in sixth year of operation", "text": "KOCHI: The Kannur International Airport, which is expected to take off by 2015, will begin churning out profits by 2021, according to Cochin International Airport Limited (Cial), the consultant for the project.In a detailed project report (DPR) submitted by Cial to the government last month, it has projected that the Kannur International Airport Limited (Kial) will make a profit of Rs 3.06 crore after paying off the taxes in the sixth year of the project becoming operational.\"We hope to tender the work of the runway by the second half of this year. Once the work begins, it is expected to take two-and-a-half to three years to complete,\" managing director of Kial V Thulasidas told TOI.As per the projection, the loss in the initial year will amount to Rs 75.10 crore which will be reduced systematically over the next five years. According to the DPR, in the years after coming into profit, the airport is expected to perform well as the profit will increase by six times by 2022. It will make a steady growth in the next five years till 2027. The profit figures have been extrapolated to Rs 179.34 crore in 2028. The profit will touch Rs 247.79 crore in 2030, according to the DPR.Even though the company will earn some revenue before 2021, a lion's share of it will be spent on paying interests, which will prevent the project making profits till then.The total revenue from the project in the year of inception has been predicted to be Rs 145.62 crore, which includes operational revenue of Rs 119.2 crore and Rs 25.7 crore as non-traffic revenue. This figure will touch Rs 244.49 crore in 2021, and Rs 635.53 crore in 2030, the report says.Though the Cial was asked to submit the DPR by August this year, it has completed the work four months ahead of schedule, which has accelerated the pace of the project. The techno-economic feasibility study for the project has been completed and the Union ministry of civil aviation has already given in-principle approval for the project.An area of 1276.03 acres has been acquired for the project and notification for additional 783 acres has been published.\"We require some 2,000 acres of land for the project, of which 1,276 acres have already been acquired. Another 783 acres of land too has to be acquired and the acquisition process is going on at a swift pace,\" Thulasidas said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12989831", "title": "Ashton Kutcher\u2019s \u2018racist\u2019 advertisement offends Indians, pulled offline", "text": "NEW YORK: An ad for a patato chips company featuring actor Ashton Kutcher dressed up as a dark-skinned Bollywood producer 'Raj' and talking with an Indian accent has been slammed for being racist by social media users.In the ad for 'Popchips' , Kutcher appears as four different characters looking for a partner in a dating show. One of Kutcher's appearances is as the 39-year old Raj , a \"Bollywood producer looking for the most delicious thing on the planet\" , he says with an Indian accent.Kutcher's face is done up with heavy brown make-up . He is wearing a blue embroidered sherwani, sports a mustache and is wearing a big gold watch and a ring.However the ad does not appear to have gone down well with people, who flocked to social networking sites to term it as racist and bad in taste. The ad has been pulled off from some sites after viewers called it racist. Pop Chips CEO Keith Belling issued an apology. \" We did not intend to offend anyone . I take full responsibility and apologize to anyone we offended,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "12989248", "title": "Tiger strolled onto road in Dharbandora taluka, claims local", "text": "KERI: A tiger was sighted within the boundaries of the state on April 20 at around 9.45pm at Matuje-Medha, a forest area in Dharbandora taluka, some 10 km from the Goa-Karnataka border.Vivek Mohite, 29, from Shigao told TOI, \"In Matuje-Medha I sighted a tiger on the road just a few meters from the bus stop proceeding towards the forest. It was the first time I saw a tiger in Goa's forests.\" Mohite snapped a quick picture of the tiger on his cellphone. He also claims to have seen tiger pugmarks near Dudhsagar river at Caranzol, also in Dharbandora taluka, in February.Summer is the best time to spot tigers as wild animals finding fewer water sources in the forests move towards habitation to quench their thirst. Last month villagers claimed having seen tigers in Sattari, Dharbandora and Sanguem talukas.Collem range forest officer Jana Naik said, \"We have not yet received any information about tiger presence in the Matuje-Medha area. A few days back the deputy conservator of forests asked me to inquire with locals about tiger movement in the range.\"Newly appointed principal chief conservator of forest Richard D'Souza admitted to the presence of tigers in the state. \"I am aware about the presence of tigers in Goa's forests. I will plan strategy for protection and conservation of tigers,\" D'Souza said.Other tiger sightings have also been reported. Vivekananda environment awareness brigade volunteer Dasharath Morajakar said, \"Some local youth trekking at Vazara-Sakhala waterfalls saw two young tigers in daylight last week.\"Mhadei wildlife sanctuary range forest officer Vishwas Chodankar said, \"Our staff is patrolling the area but they have not sighted any tiger.\"Earlier in February, Pune writer Shrikant Ingalhallikar claimed to have heard a tiger roar when trekking to Savari waterfalls in Netravali wildlife sanctuary. He said, \"The Savari jungle is an apt natural habitat for the tiger. The roaring of the tiger enthralled us.\"The wildlife census conducted in 1997 recorded the presence of 6 tigers in Goa whereas the 2002 census recorded one less.Deputy conservator of forests, wildlife north division DNF Carvalho said, \"We have not obtained species wise data of the wildlife census conducted in 2010 by wildlife institute of forests, Dehradun. I have already informed officials to take appropriate steps to protect tigers and other wild animals.\"Last year, former additional principal chief conservator of forests Shashi Kumar had said, \"Indirect evidence of the tiger's presence has been found in the wildlife census. There is a possibility of tiger presence in the state's forests. There is evidence of its presence which will be confirmed through camera trapping method.\" tnnThe tigers were here tooFeb 2009: Female buffalo belonging to Babu Mano Phale of Charavane killed by tigerFeb 2009: Tiger trapped and killed at Keri-SattariAug 2009: Dilip Prabhudesai and others from Margao hear tiger roar and see pugmarks on trek at VagheriSept 2009: Cow belonging to Sai Pingale killed by tigress at Ponsuli-SattariSept 2009: Pug marks of tigress and cub recorded by wildlife activist Amrutsingh in presence of Keri RFO at PonsuliDec 2010: Pandurang Gawas of Ghoteli, Keri spots tiger; Parshuram Kambli notices tiger pugmarks in AnjunemJan 2011: Additional principal chief conservator of forests Shashi Kumar visits Anjunem irrigation project reservoir and verifies pugmarks of male tigerFebruary 2011: Two buffaloes owned by Babu Phale of Charavane killed by tigerFebruary 2011: Sambar killed by tiger reported by Nitin Sawant of WWF Goa, at Satre in SattariMay 16, 2011: Gurudas Kamat hears roar of tiger in PonsuliOct 15, 2011: Gopinath Gawas takes photos of tiger kill and pugmarks on border of Maharashtra near Mhadei wildlife sanctuaryOct 24, 2011: Prafulla Mangelkar claims having heard tiger roar at Morshi in KeriMarch 2012: Tiger sighted in Anjunem dam's reservoir, in Keri; scratch mark of tiger photographed by Narayan Parodkar on cellphone in Anjunem", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12989392", "title": "Lack of data entry operators affects caste census in state", "text": "KOCHI: The Socio Economic and Caste Census (SECC) 2011, coordinated by the Rural Development Department to profile the different strata of the population, which began in the state on April 10, seems to be progressing at a snail's pace.This massive exercise was scheduled to be over by May 25, but enumeration has been completed in only 20.9% of households. Wayanad (37.1%), Malappuram (32.8%) and Palakkad (30.9%) are the top performers in conducting SECC; Kottayam (9.3%), Ernakulam (15.4%) and Thiruvananthapuram (15.8%) are in the bottom slot.Census data is being collected using tablet PCs manufactured by Bharat Electronics limited (BEL), Bangalore.According to an official in the Commissionerate of Rural Development, 17,609 government employees and teachers have been deployed as enumerators for SECC. An equal number of data entry operators also have to be deployed for the census, but so far only 15,943 have been made available.ITI Palakkad, designated as the nodal agency to provide technical support to the project, had selected three firms -- Rural Shores, Sathyanarayana Raju and Company and Madras Security Printers -- as vendors to provide technical and training support for the project.\"These vendors were unable to provide enough number of trained people to accompany the enumerators as data entry operators. Some of the operators were not properly trained while some others deserted in between because the job involved field level visits.In some places, Kudumbasree members were engaged as data entry operators. However, some of them were reluctant to accompany male employees,\" sources said.The department had acquired about 20,000 tablet PCs from BEL with financial aid from the Ministry of Rural Development for conducting the census.\"Cases of improper functioning of these machines have been reported. The census was to be conducted with the help of data images generated during the last general census. But those images are not appearing properly in some machines,'' the official said. The state-level collectors' meeting, scheduled to be held in Thiruvananthapuram on Friday, is likely to review the progress in SECC.the steps to be taken to expedite it, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12988470", "title": "Chennai schoolkids have a ball with Mr Cricket", "text": "CHENNAI: The midday sun was beating down hard, but it didn't matter for the 75-odd children at Chettinad Vidyashram on Thursday. They were having the time of their lives, learning about the game they so cherish, from 'Mr Cricket' Mike Hussey . The Aussie left-hander, a mainstay of Team Chennai, is one of the 'role models' of the Cricket Education Programme run by Cricket Australia across 17 cities in India.In Chennai, the programme is conducted in partnership with Inside Edge Sportainment which is organising a summer camp for schoolchildren.When Hussey stood behind the wicket as a six-year old took stance, the boy didn't know which way to look. \"Concentrate man, look at the ball,\" Hussey scolded the trainee, his smile still intact. As the boy middled the ball, Hussey came up with: \"Well played mate, what's your name?\" And the big smile on the boy's face, taking baby steps in cricket, said it all.Hussey, who doesn't believe in taking anything lightly, ran from one net to the other, talking to the children and giving them tips that are going to help them as they grow older. \"It's a dream come true for me. I never thought I will ever get a chance to talk to Hussey,\" said Vignesh, a student of Park Matriculation School.Hussey didn't stop at that. He had a chat with the coaches, telling them a few basics that would help them make it more interesting for the trainees. \"He is such a humble man,\" said one of the coaches later. \"We would love to have him around more often.\"The most interesting bit of the one-hour interaction was yet to come. The boys gathered around the legend, asking him about the game, and Hussey was happy to answer every query. \"How did you get your name Mr Cricket ?\" one wanted to know. The Aussie smiled, reminiscing a bitterly cold day in England seven years ago. \"It was my English friend Freddie Flintoff who was making the ball talk that day. No one else who could play him, but I was the only one who was playing him with some authority. And then, Freddie named me 'Mr Cricket',\" Hussey said.Questions came in thick and fast and the Aussie played them with the same elegance that he does on the field. \"What do you tell yourself when things don't go your way,\" a boy asked, and Hussey looked up. \"In every sphere of life, there will be difficult moments. Cricket, too, tests you and it's a matter of patience, hard work and dedication,\" Hussey said. That summed up the way he came up the hard way to become one of the best batsmen in the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12988533", "title": "Is Lok Adalat allowed under RTI? High court asks information panel", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat High Court on Thursday sought explanation from the state information commission on whether it can hold a Lok Adalat to dispose of the appeals seeking information from various government authorities.Acting on an application by petitioner Prafull Desai, a division bench of acting chief justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and justice J B Pardiwala asked the information commission to explain how such a Lok Adalat was held in Vadodara and what the outcome was.Desai has filed a PIL seeking directions to the state government for appointing all information commissioners so that quick disposal of appeals becomes a possibility and the RTI Act is implemented in its true spirit.While the hearing of the PIL was scheduled on June 14, Desai moved an application saying that the commission held a Lok Adalat in Vadodara last month, though there is no provision for such settlement in the information laws.Citing a news report, Desai told the court that the information officers even pressured the applicants to sign on settlement documents. To this, the judges enquired whether there was any provision of settlement in the Act.Addressing government pleader Prakash Jani, the judge said, \"The authority can either refuse information under certain provisions or it just has to furnish it. That is all what the law says. How can there be a settlement on such an issue.\"Advocate Jani told the court that the state government was not involved in the affair at all, and the court may seek information from the commission only. Following this, the commission has been asked to explain the issue by June 14 whether Lok Adalat can be held under the RTI laws.Desai had moved the HC last year demanding directions that the posts of information commissioners be filled so that appeals could be disposed of quickly, without which the purpose of the newly implemented law was defeated.Before Desai, RTI activist Amit Jethava also filed a PIL in this regard, and the state government had agreed to fill up the posts of information commissioners. However, alleged inaction on part of the state government in this regard has resulted in a series of litigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12989116", "title": "Youth held for selling fake Mamata books", "text": "KOLKATA: A 22-year-old youth was arrested from Dacres Lane in central Kolkata on Thursday for selling books on compilation of poems by chief minister Mamata Banerjee which were published illegally. Three books were also seized from him. The arrest was made after Deys' Publishing lodged a complaint under provisions of the Copyright Act.A spokesman of Deys' Publishing, which has so far published 27 of Mamata's poems, said that they had filed a complaint against Diamond Group of Publications, the New Delhi-based publishing house, for publishing seven poems without consent of both the poet and the original publishers. This was in violation of the Copyright Act. The April 30 complaint - handed over to the Enforcement Branch (EB) for probe - led to the arrest of 22-year-old Saheb Sau.The illegal books bore the name of Diamond Pocket Books and were being distributed by Mohan Book Publishers in Kolkata. The EB officers are, however, yet to ascertain whether these were part of the Diamond Pocket Books Private Limited, registered with the Diamond Group of Publications, a 64-year-old nationwide publishing chain based in New Delhi. EB is probing whether the name of the publishers was faked as well. A call to the company's New Delhi headquarters elicited a curt reply, \"We will not comment on the matter.\"The two fake books, Mamata Banerjee'r Sorbo Sresto Kobita and Mamata Banerjee'r Sishu Kobita appear to have copied seven poems of the chief minister. The books printed the poems in Bengali, again in Hindi script and their Hindi translations.Police on Thursday arrested a 22-year-old Howrah resident for selling books, compiling poems of chief minister Mamata Banerjee published illegally, and seized three such books.Dey's Publishing had lodged a complaint under provisions of the Copyright Act when such fake books hit the market recently. Sources said 50 such books have already been sold.The illegal books bore the name of Diamond Pocket Books.A complaint was made by Dey's Publishing under provisions of the Copyright Act, when such fake books hot the market recently. It is believed 50 such books have already been sold.The illegal books bore the name of Diamond Pocket Books though Enforcement Branch officers are yet to ascertain whether its is part of the Diamond Pocket Books Private Limited, registered with the Diamond Group of Publications, a 64-year-old nationwide publishing chain based in New Delhi. EB is probing whether even this has been faked. A ToI call to the company's New Delhi headquarters elicited a curt reply, \"We will not comment on the matter.\" These illegal books were being distributed in Kolkata by one Mohan Book Publishers.A spokesman of the Deys' Publishing, which has so far published 27 of the chief minister's poems, said that they had filed a complaint against the Delhi publishing house for publishing the seven poems without consent of the poet as well and the original publishers in violation of the Copyright Act. The April 30 complaint - handed over to EB for probe - led to the arrest of Saheb Sau (22), from Dacres Lane in central Kolkata. Three books were seized from him.The two fake books, Mamata Banerjee'r Sorbo Sresto Kobita and Mamata Banerjee'r Sishu Kobita, appears to have copied seven poems of the chief minister. These books printed the poems in Bengali, again in Hindi script and their Hindi translations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12988136", "title": "Vice-chancellor visits varsity evaluation centre", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Allahabad University vice-chancellor Prof AK Singh visited the evaluation centre at MONIRBA building on Thursday. He also spoke to the examiners and enquired about problems, if any, faced by them. Prof Singh directed finance officer PK Singh, Registrar Prof JN Mishra and controller of examination Prof HS Upadhayay to ensure smooth evaluation of answer sheets of AU exams. Sources said the university is finding it hard to get external examiners since there is a gap in the fund provided by the state government and that given by AU. Every external examiner gets Rs 465 per day as dearness allowance (DA) whereas at AU the payment is only Rs 170 per day. \"Owing to the difference in terms of DA and problems faced by external examiners when it comes to pay their traveling allowances, we are finding it hard to get the services of external examiners,\" said an official of the examination section.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12989857", "title": "\u2018No TTD officer approached Jagan for his signature\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: YSR Congress leader Jaganmohan Reddy's controversial visit to Tirumala took a turn on Thursday with former TTD chairman and Jagan follower Bhumana Karunakar Reddy claiming that the TTD had not approached the leader for the mandatory declaration expressing his faith in Lord Balaji.Karunakar Reddy alleged that TTD executive officer LV Subramanyam was making a big issue out of nothing. \"No official from TTD approached us for the signature on the declaration form,\" he claimed. Curiously, on Wednesday he had said that Jagan need not have to sign the declaration form. The EO, however, said the TTD authorities did approach Jagan for the signature.Reacting to the developments, endowments minister C Ramachandraiah said that they cannot take action against any person as the rules are not legally binding. Those who come to the temple must do so with devotion and not with any political intention, he said. Chief electoral officer Bhanwarlal, on his part, said they have sought a report from the authorities whether Jagan's supporters shouted slogans atop Tirumala since the model code is in place in Tirupati.TDP leader Somireddy Chandrasekhar Reddy said Jagan's followers had made a mockery of the sanctity of the temple by indulging in `Jagan nama' instead of chanting 'Govind nama.' Senior Congress leader V Hanumantha Rao also joined the issue, threatening to take up a `mouna deeksha' (silent protest) in front of the temple if the authorities do not conduct an inquiry into the episode. He contended that the Kadapa MP, being a Christian, should have given the mandatory declaration.Dismissing the charges, YSR Congress spokesperson Ambati Rambabu said that Jagan had visited the shrine earlier and the allegations were aimed at gaining political mileage ahead of the byelections. Asked about Jagan's followers raising slogans on the temple premises, Rambabu claimed that the slogans were raised by some devotees standing in queues. \"They were not part of Jagan's entourage,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12989170", "title": "Time for quills again: Fad for fountain pens gaining currency", "text": "VARANASI: Is the fashion of fountain pens coming back? If the shopkeepers and stationers of the city are to be believed, the seekers of fountain pen are thronging in stationery shops again.Nishant Sahu, owner of a 65-year-old pen shop at Dashaswamedh Road, said, \"For pen lovers the pleasure of writing is only felt with fountain pens, pen seekers often come asking for any variety of fountain pens, so we keep all the models of branded as well as local nib pens.\"Interestingly, from wooden dip and write pen to holders with metal nib, which were considered the oldest kind of ink pens which were used for writing till 30-40 years ago, the ink pen has undergone immense change.\"Fountain pens are now available with refillable cartridges and convertors. The cartridges are just like any other refill and are filled with liquid ink and can be replaced when the ink gets finished and at the same time, pens also have convertors which ease the process of refilling liquid ink into the pens. Due to these upgaradations, fountain pens have become user friendly thereby increasing the tendency of writing with fountain pens among children,\" said Nishant, who himself has collection of approximately 100-year-old fountain pens.In fact, China has also invaded the market of fountain pens. If the shopkeepers of the city are to be believed, chinese fountain pens which come in plastic as well as metal bodies have slightly less life but are affordable as compared to any other fountain pen. A branded fountain pen with metal body comes in not less than Rs 700 however, the chinese replica of same pen is available at Rs 150-Rs 300, which is sold more although it does not stand the qualities of a normal fountain pens,\" said Shailesh Singh, a stationer at Gurubagh area.It is noteworthy that some of the oldest pen shops in the city at Dashaswamedh Ghat, Sonarpura, Pandey Haveli and Chowk area, are keeping ink pens of all varieties ranging from dip and write pen to modern form of fountain pens. According to Sanjeev, another stationer, at Chowk area, while it is mostly the senior citizens of the city who often drop by asking for traditional wooden pens, children specially from classes V to VIII are buying modern ink pens.\"Every body is allowed to write with any pen in the school, but I personaly feel that fountain pens makes good handwriting and like to write with it,\" said Rahul Keshari a student of class VII at a private school of the city. Uttam Satsangi, a retired railway employee, said, \"Although times have changed and many fascinating colourful ball point pens are in the market, I have always fountain pens as a student and as an employee and I still use it for writing letters, diary and many other things.\"According to Nishant, very recently a public school of the city distributed fountain pens to its student to popularise the trend and according to another stationer and book store owner at Gurubagh, Divyanshu, in a school in Mohansarai area it is has been mandatory to use fountain pens over ball pens.The craze for fountain pen goes even higher with the size of the customer's pocket. For pen lovers and pen collectors, fountain pens still leaves a remarkable impression.\"Among the pens costing above Rs 1000, nearly 70% of the sold pens are fountain pens. Such pens are often purchased to showcase the status, antiquity and have become a class symbol for many and are mostly purchased by pen collectors, top businessmen, bureaucrats, writers and tourists,\" said Nishant.It is noteworthy that some of the oldest pen shops in the city at Dashaswamedh Ghat, Sonarpura, Pandey Haveli and Chowk area, are keeping ink pens of all varieties ranging from dip and write pen to modern form of fountain pens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12988402", "title": "TOI report on Nanavati sons on record in high court", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The issue of retired Justice G T Nanavati's sons being appointed as public prosecutors at Gujarat High Court figured on Thursday when the court was hearing a PIL questioning the prolonged tenure of the Nanavati commission that is probing the 2002 riots.The HC bench hearing this case has now sought the details about employment of additional public prosecutors and assistant government pleaders and the remuneration paid to them. Discussing the issue of employment of Nanavati's sons - Maulik and Dhaval, the bench commented that these are \"embarrassing facts\".However, the judges were of the view that the petitioner's prayer in this regard cannot be entertained unless they (Nanavati's sons) are made party to the litigation. TOI had reported the issue in March.The PIL has accused the state government of favouring the chairman of the riots inquiry commission - retired justice GT Nanavati - by appointing his sons as prosecutors.The bench asked advocate-general Kamal Trivedi whether he was aware of the appointment of Maulik and Dhaval. Trivedi denied any knowledge on this issue. Later, government pleader Prakash Jani told the court that the appointments were finalized only after the HC's nod.The bench was eager to know about the status of findings of the inquiry commission, particularly when in many cases there are judgments pronounced. \"When there are judicial pronouncements after conducting of trial in riots cases, how a commission can give its conclusion,\" the bench enquired.Trivedi and Jani tried to explain to the court that the commission functions with different terms of reference and one of them, as expanded in 2004, was to probe individual role in controlling riots. To this, the acting chief justice immediately said: \"If there is any negligence on part of authority (in controlling riots), it's an offence.\"The bench has now sought details about the terms of reference of the Nanavati probe commission.The bench was also keen to know why the probe panel was granted nine-month extension, when the commission itself conveyed to the court that it would come up with final report by March 31, as the term of the commission was then extended for three months only.The state government tried to defend the extension citing the reason that the probe panel wanted to go through the SIT's probe report.Further hearing on this issue has been kept on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12987373", "title": "20-yr-old tries to end life to avoid arrest", "text": "PUNE: A 20-year-old youth attempted to commit suicide by slitting his throat with a blade to avoid being arrested in an alleged molestation case at Chinchwad on Wednesday afternoon. The police rushed the suspect, identified as Sunil Gokul Patole, to the hospital since he had sustained minor injuries. After being discharged on Thursday, he was arrested under section 354 (assault or criminal force on woman with intent to outrage her modesty) and 309 (suicide attempt) of the Indian Penal Code, police sub-inspector of the Chinchwad police station S R Surve said.Speaking to TOI, Surve said that a 25-year-old woman has lodged the complaint against Patole for allegedly molesting her six-year-old daughter in her house on May 1. \"The woman has alleged that the suspect also tried to molest her.\"Surve said that she immediately went to Patole's house to arrest him on receiving the complaint.\"However, when he saw the police team, he took out a blade and attempted to commit suicide by slitting his throat. He also assaulted himself on his head with the blade.\" She said Patole was produced before the court on Thursday, but was released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12989783", "title": "Foreign students upset as University of Mysore delays issue of certificates", "text": "MYSORE: Foreign students who graduated from University of Mysore are upset at the undue delay in issuing them their degree certificates.Fayazuddin Ghiasi, president, University of Mysore's Federation International Students' Association, says that foreign students are forced to either extend their stay in the country or return later for their certificates. This has inconvenienced hundreds of students studying here. The varsity, he feels, should make arrangements so that foreign students get their certificates in time and can return home.An Afghan, who graduated from UoM and did not want to be identified, has been struggling since days to get his name corrected in the degree certificate. \"The delay is burning a hole in my pocket,\" he told TOI.When contacted University of Mysore, B Ramu, registrar (evaluation) said: \"Two days after the announcement of results they issue provisional degree certificates to foreign students. Convocation certificates are issued within two months. Students till then can make use of provisional certificates for related purposes.\" Ramu added that they post certificates to foreign students who have given them their addresses in writing.Students from 47 countries including US, Russia, Canada, Maldives, Japan, Thailand, Kenya, Tanzania , Iran and Cambodia are studying in UoM. Students pursue their undergraduate, postgraduate and do research here. The highest enrolment is for the undergraduate course. In 2001-02, it was just 263 students, while it shot up to 1,413 in 2010-11.Students from Iran top the list with highest number of enrolments.Of the 1,413 students, 388 are from Iran, 74 students are pursuing their under graduation, 176 students are doing post graduation while 138 students are doing research. China is second ith 195 students, and is followed by 165 students from Tanzania.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12992804", "title": "Heroine first look in June", "text": "A year ago, director Madhur Bhandarkar had revealed the first look of his film Heroine at the Cannes Film Festival. Back then, however, the film was to star Aishwarya Rai Bachchan in the lead.But the actor's pregnancy derailed those plans and Madhur replaced Kareena in the lead. \"For everyone who's asking about Heroine first look, it will be out by June 1st week! Bas thodasa Intezar aur,\" he tweeted. But the more pertinent observation that the filmmaker made was about budget changes his films have had over the years. And he did so by comparing an earlier Kareena Kapoor-starrer and his latest film, which also stars Bebo.\"I made Chandni Bar in 2001 with Rs 1.5 crore which today, a decade later, is Heroine's costume budget for Kareena! How times have changed,\" he wrote, adding that Helen had joined the cast of the film. The filmmaker also tweeted that with hectic shooting schedules slated for all of May, there was no question of the cast and crew heading to Cannes this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "12989877", "title": "Vamsi not to leave Telugu Desam Party", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: With party chief Chandrababu Naidu almost shutting the door on his face, TDP urban wing president Vallabhaneni Vamsi went on the defensive asserting that he would remain with the Telugu Desam Party.Reiterating that his meeting with YSR Congress chief Jaganmohan Reddy was not a planned one, Vamsi claimed that there was no hidden agenda or political aspirations behind the 'chance' meeting. Vamsi said he continued to be an ardent follower of slain TDP leader Paritala Ravindra.In a letter to Naidu on Thursday in response to the show-cause notice served on him by the party for meeting Jagan on April 27, Vamsi said that he had never crossed the party line in the past and would not do so in the future also. He said that he was proud of his association with Paritala Ravi.\"I will remain with the TDP,\" Vamsi said. He explained that he met Jagan only after he wished him while going in a convoy. The party took a serious view of Vamsi's public hugging when Jagan was on his way to the city from Gannavaram airport in a rally on April 27.The TDP cadres were shocked with Vamsi's action when the entire party leadership, including Naidu, was accusing Jagan to be the main conspirator behind Paritala Ravi's murder.His assertion of talking to Naidu over the phone had complicated matters as senior leaders took strong objection to this attitude. Irked by Vamsi's statement about having talked to him over phone, Naidu refused to meet him and directed party district affairs in-charge Butchaiah Chowdhary to seek an explanation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12988158", "title": "Sporting icons plan coaching institutes in Noida schools", "text": "NOIDA: The satellite township has emerged as the epicentre for sports training in the last year with a number of private schools offering world class coaching facilities. While former Indian cricket captain Mohd Azharuddin has set up a cricket coaching facility in a private school in Noida, which will begin operation in the coming winter, cricketer Yuvraj Singh's cricket coaching institute has already set up operations in another private school. With the increasing popularity of football in the country, former English international football player and former Liverpool captain, Steve McMahon has also set up his football coaching institute in the city.Azharuddin is the latest in the line of international sporting icons setting up their sports coaching academies in the city. His cricket coaching institute is going to be set up in Lotus Valley International School with a specific focus on nurturing talent and preparing young sports fans for the next level. \"We are planning to begin the coaching institute formally in the coming winter. The weather is an important factor in this decision. It's very hot right now and then the monsoons will come, the coming winter will provide the perfect conditions for the coaching institute,\" said Shikha Sharma, principal, Indus Valley School.Earlier, Yuvraj Singh had set up a cricket coaching centre at Pathways School in Noida which was the only centre in Delhi-NCR to provide indoor facilities such as bowling machines and specialized swimming pools for strength training. \"The coaching centre tries not only to induce a set of cricketing skill sets into the budding cricketers but also trains them for specific physical and mental strength training which is vital for the overall development of the kids,\" said Dr Shalini Advani, director, Pathways School, Noida.Steve McMahon's coaching institute, which has been set up in Genesis Global World School, is the first instance of football players in India receiving international football training. \"The training is open to both boys and girls below the age of 16 years and students can avail to world class training in the country at a fifth of the cost at which they would get it in other countries. The coaching is designed in such a way that students who excel will also have the opportunity to receive international exposure and possibly play in Europe,\" said Pramod Sharma, principal of the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "kathmandu", "code": "12992054", "title": "Ministers resign en masse for new constitution in Nepal", "text": "KATHMANDU: In an agreement reached late Thursday Prime Minister Baburam Bhattarai will form an all-party consensus government as a confidence building measure with political parties in the final phase of the constitution drafting process.The opposition parties had demanded that the prime minister resign to facilitate writing constitution but at midnight Thursday only the four dozen ministers resigned paving the way for the prime minister to reorganize the cabinet.As per the five-point agreement reached between the Unified Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist), Nepali Congress, Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist-Leninist) and United Democratic Madhesi Front, Bhattarai will resign once the constitution is ready to pave the way for the Nepali Congress to lead a national government.The Nepali Congress government will then promulgate the new constitution and continue in office till elections are held within a year.Bhattarai's government had been formed in August with the support of the regional Madhesi parties of southern Nepal.The parties have agreed to have the constitution ready before the May 27 deadline.The parties have agreed to form the new government within two days and settle all outstanding differences over the constitution within the next three days. The parties are yet to decide on the number of provinces in the federal structure and delineation of power between the president and the prime minister.The Maoists want 14 provinces based on ethnicity while the main opposition Nepali Congress want seven to eight provinces demarcated on the basis of economic viability. Similarly, the Maoists want a directly elected president with executive powers while the Nepali Congress want a figurehead president with the parliament elected prime minister with executive powers.Nepal had a deadline to prepare new constitution by 2010 but the deadline had been extended till May 2012. There can be no extension after this, the country's Supreme Court has ruled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12988250", "title": "Push for separate DGCI for traditional medicine", "text": "NEW DELHI: India could soon have two separate drug controller generals - one for allopathic medicine and the other for traditional medicine.The Steering Committee's report on AYUSH (ayurveda, unani, siddha and homeopathy) has suggested that a separate drug controller general for ayurveda, siddha and unani drugs should be created.The demand for traditional Indian medicine and other herbal products has increased tremendously in India and abroad. The world herbal market is estimated to be $62 billion - of which China accounts for $19 billion and India $1 billion.There are around 10, 000 ASU drug manufacturing units in the country.\"To facilitate the increased acceptability of ASU medicines within the country and abroad, the core issue is the quality and standardization of ASU products and effective enforcement of the provisions of the Drugs &amp; Cosmetic Act,\" the steering committee report said.It explained, \"AYUSH and allopathic, both systems, often provide solutions to a common set of problems. Many times both systems complement each other also. Our endeavour during the 12th Plan will be that both systems expand and progress together, based on their core competencies and inherent strengths.\"It added, \"We must ensure that the healthcare delivery system in the country is designed and developed in such a way that, both, AYUSH and allopathic systems are available to every patient and the choice of system of treatment is the patient's choice, based, of course, on set protocols.\"The committee feels that AYUSH has a nationwide presence. Besides, it has near universal acceptance, available practitioners and infrastructure.\"The strength of AYUSH system lies in preventive and promotive healthcare, diseases and health conditions relating to women and children, non-communicable diseases, stress management, palliative care and rehabilitation. AYUSH has very little side-effect, has a soft environmental footprint and is engrained in local temperament. It can play an important role in achieving the National Health Outcome Goals.\"Its huge resource of hospitals beds (62,000), and health workers (7.85 lakhs) need to be efficiently utilized,\" it added.A permanent national museum to showcase India's rich medical heritage is now on the cards.The committee has recommended creation of an international level medical museum, besides high quality travelling exhibitions that would showcase the India's rich heritage of traditional medicine.The committee, headed by Syeda Hameed, has said the museum will look at \"the sociology, practice (oral traditions, codified traditions, surgery, pharmacy, therapy, dietetics and prevention), literature, music, botanical art and martial arts involved with traditional medicine,\" going deep into the streams like ayurveda, unani, siddha, yoga, sowa-rigpa and folk medicine.The committee has also recommended starting a National Mission on Medical Manuscripts.The mission would be involved in \"in-situ conservation of manuscripts, cataloguing, digitization, microfilming, critical editions, translations, publications and development of education modules on manuscriptology for AYUSH medical colleges and universities.\"Waking up to the important role traditional medicine can play, it has called for mainstreaming of AYUSH under the National Rural Health Mission through universal coverage. Now, only 24.6% of the public health facilities has availed central assistance for AYUSH medicines.The department of AYUSH is also looking at putting together a composite National Essential Drug List containing both allopathic and AYUSH medicines.Clinical management protocols or a \"Joint behavior change plan\" incorporating AYUSH-based lifestyle guidelines for adolescent health, geriatric care, mental health, non-communicable diseases, anemia and nutrition are also being developed.\"Practitioners should be able to prescribe the same in all Primary Health Care settings,\" the committee said.\"Standardization of classical formulations, AYUSH therapies and yoga practices to be given due focus,\" it added.The department estimates that there are an around a million village-based, traditional AYUSH community health workers who possess knowledge related to various streams like midwifery, primary healthcare and bone setting. There are also more than 100 million households which possess knowledge of home remedies, ethnic foods and nutrition.\"The documentation of the traditional knowledge associated with medicinal plants is very important not only to preserve it for posterity but also to contest bio-piracy and bio-prospecting,\" it suggested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "ghaziabad/noida", "code": "12988190", "title": "Woman dupes five-star hotel with fake US embassy e-mail", "text": "GHAZIABAD/NOIDA: Police have arrested a woman identified as Toha Afroze alias Gargi Banerjee who duped Noida's Hotel Radisson by running up a bill of Rs 1.5 lakh by staying there for seven days using a fake US embassy letterpad and a fake e-mail ID. Cops said her con was exposed when the US embassy informed the hotel that she was not their staff.In its FIR with Sector 20 police, the management of Hotel Radisson said that they got an e-mail from fromdebmorgembassy@gmail.com stating that their employee would come and stay in the hotel and the expenses should be billed to US embassy. The mail carried the scan of a fake US embassy letterpad, police said.The woman stayed in the hotel from April 24 to 30.When the hotel management contacted the US embassy, they were told that the there was no woman by this name on the staff rolls. Following a complaint, the Noida police booked her and sent her to jail.However, when the police team reached Dasna jail, after producing the woman before a city court, Dasna jail administration refused to lodge her saying she was suffering from cancer and her condition could deteriorate in the jail. Noida police stayed outside Dasna jail for more then six hours. The jail authorities told Noida police that they would only lodge the women if they took the responsibility and produced her latest medical examination report before them. After a marathon session of talks, it was decided to admit the women in a hospital.Interestingly, this is the same woman who had contacted this reporter four months back alleging that a senior Union government cabinet minister had grabbed her mother's property.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12988782", "title": "Mumbai University ropes in all and sundry to correct its exam papers", "text": "MUMBAI: Compelled by the evaluators' boycott that would have ruled out over a lakh of its third-year students from applying to other varsities, Mumbai University has relaxed the minimum teaching requirement for assessors to one year.The desperate measure has, however,called into question the quality of correction of answer papers performed by these greenhorn teachers.In 2011, the university took more than 100 days to declare final year commerce results. This year was expected to be much worse, given that a large percentage of teachers are boycotting the assessment process to press for several demands. As it turns out, despite the regular evaluators' absence, the university is not faring too badly. In the last 30 days, the university's board of examinations (BOE) has twice relaxed the eligibility norms for evaluators who correct answer scripts.Mumbai University's Board of Examinations has lowered the bar for evaluators twice. It first reduced the minimum teaching experience they were expected to have from three years to two and then from two years to one. The amendments introduced a glut of young faculty members into the assessment process, for sure, but they also raised questions about the quality of evaluation being done.At the same time, had the changes not been made, the evaluation process would probably not have got completed till late July, precluding students from applying for Master's degrees at other varsities. \"Several unqualified and ineligible teachers are correcting papers. This is going to affect the quality of assessment,\" said Madhu Paranjpe, general secretary of the Bombay University College Teachers' Union. \"We met the pro V-C and brought this to his notice. We even gave him names of people whose appointment as teachers is not valid, but they are assessing papers.\"Sources said that 30 cluster centres have been set up, thus relieving the faculty from travelling to the Kalina exam house to correct papers. \"There are teachers who are correcting hundreds of papers in a day,\" said Paranjpe. But no moderation work is taking place in the absence of senior teachers, added BUCTU members. Controller of examinations S M Suryavanshi rationalized the decision to relax the criteria thus: \"If a teacher can teach, he can correct papers.\" Senior faculty members, however, argued that there is \"a disciplined uniformity\" that evaluators must follow. \"When a new faculty member corrects papers for the first time, he or she is given a bundle that is fully moderated. The moderator then provides feedback to the new evaluator on the style of assessment,\" said a faculty. But with most senior teachers supporting the boycott, that practice seems to have largely been given a go-by. With the evaluation process continuing swiftly, university officials said that commerce results could be declared in another 10 days and the TYBSc results announced soon thereafter. The results of the TYBSc (computer science) exam are ready.ON DEMAND Professors and lecturers have presented a slate of demands before the Maharashtra government RegularisationThe UGC mandated in the late 1990s that aspiring teachers first clear the NET or SET. The state government, however, implemented the rule retroactively, leaving in the lurch several MPhil graduates who had been appointed as teachers between September 1991 and April 2000. Regularisation of these teachers and giving them their arrears are two major demandsOutstanding Cash Release the arrears due to teachers after the implementation of the VIth Pay Commission ParityImplement the revised VIth Pay Commission for teachers working in unaided engineering colleges as directed by the AICTE Pay RevisionImplement the comprehensive scheme of pay revision as issued by the HRD ministry on December 31, 2008 PE TeachersPay physical education teachers according to their revised scale EqualitySet the same retirement age for librarians as exists for other teachers Pension SchemeWithdraw the new pension scheme and extend the present Defined Benefit Pension Scheme to all the teachers appointed in Maharashtra after November 1, 2005Times ViewThe entire examination process this year, from leaked papers to the uncertainty over declaration of results, has been traumatic for students. Forcing students to go through this entirely avoidable tension, for which they are not responsible in any way, is just not on. Mumbai University and the government should learn from this year's mistakes and ensure that the batch of 2013 does not have to go through this harassment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12989804", "title": "Inter-state dacoits held in Nanjangud", "text": "MYSORE: In a major breakthrough, Mysore police arrested six the members of an inter-state dacoits' gang from Tamil Nadu on Thursday.Acting on tip-off, a team led by Nanjangud sub-division DSP Vijaykumar arrested the six dactoits while they were preparing to commit a dacoity in Nanjangud town in the night.IGP (Southern Range) A S N Murthy told TOI that Murthy, Balakrishna, Saleem, Raja, Vadivelu and Praveen, all residents of Krishnagiri district in Tamil Nadu, were those arrested.Preliminary investigation has revealed that they are involved in several dacoities and robberies in Karnataka.They used to strike late in the night and during the wee hours. Police have recovered a four-wheeler, a two-wheeler and a cellphone from the accused.They have been taken into police custody for further investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12989172", "title": "MoI controversy: Should Class V be included in the primary section in the coming academic year?", "text": "To my mind, there is no MoI controversy. That the MoI at the primary stage of education should be the mother-tongue and the local language is the universally accepted principle. That the parents fail to grasp this reality is our tragedy. The issue in Goa is not of MoI but of salary grants to primary schools irrespective of medium of instruction. For quality education at primary level, we need schools with good infrastructure wedded to child-centered learning. MoI is a peripheral matter to me. Including Class V in the primary section is a requirement of the Right to Education Act. To my mind, it is in order. However, it will be shot down by teachers due to an inferiority complex rather than with the interests of the children in mind. The weakness and gaps in our primary education is in terms of imparting language skills and imbibing basic concepts rather than the MoI.Prabhakar Timble, educationist, MargaoThe MoI controversy cannot affect the inclusion of Class V in the primary section. This is the right time to include Class V to the primary section. Besides, the Goa government has already accepted the central government policy of continuous comprehensive evaluation with its no-fail policy, grading pattern etc. By doing so the schools will resolve the problem of crowded classes which hampers teaching.Pardosh Salkar, Teacher, PanajiIt will be wrong on the part of the authorities to include Class V in the primary section this year because any new decision taken must be implemented in a phased manner. Hence, the decision to include Class V in primary section must be made applicable to the students who are going to seek admission for Class I in the academic year 2012-13 onwards. At the time of admission, every student must know in detail about the system in which he/she is going to study like duration of course, nature of examination, grading system, etc.F M Nadaf, associate professor, CanaconaIncluding Class V in the primary section will not lead to a solution to the problem, because controversies are never ending. Extending primary education structure will be of no help in the present scenario.Nezima Fernandes, teacher, Marcela", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12989161", "title": "Check your LPG cylinder for expiry date", "text": "VARANASI: The problem of LPG shortage is quite common, but little is known about the expiry date of the cylinders, which is often misused to meet the rising demand.It is noteworthy that every LPG cylinder has a due date for statutory testing in which it is checked for defects. This date is mentioned on one of the three iron plates that support the cylinder from above. According to a worker of a gas agency, 10 out of 100 cylinders are supplied to the consumers, after the due or expiry date. \"Since a good percentage of people do not know about the fact that even cylinders have expiry dates, it goes unnoticed,\" he added.It is worth mentioning that cylinders of expired dates are more prone to leakage from valves, which leads to explosion. Such cylinders can also lead to explosion on delivery vehicles.According to deputy manager, Indian Oil Corporation Limited ( IOCL ), SK Jain, the alphabet and the number on the plate denote the year and month when the cylinder is due for statutory testing. If a defect is found, it is repaired and after getting a certification from BIS (Bureau of Indian Standards), the cylinder is again put into circulation. \"However, if an already repaired cylinder is again found to be damaged during subsequent statuary test, the cylinder is scrapped,\" he informed.\"Once the cylinder has passed through the statutory testing, it is safe to use for next seven years and a new due date is represented on the same plate of the cylinder. However, if the cylinder is new, the date denoting the beginning of a statutory testing will come after 10 years,\" Jain added. According to Jain, petroleum companies carry out awareness drives in schools and colleges to spread the knowledge about reading and checking validity of the LPG cylinders among people before it is supplied.However, awareness about the validity of the cylinders is still low. Pallavi, a resident of Pandeypur accepted that she did not know that even LPG cylinders have validity. According to Anita Devi, a resident of Chowkaghat, the only safety measure people generally check is the condition of the valve and knob of the gas burner. Shockingly, when TOI contacted (ADM civil supplies) Sushil Kumar Maurya to know about the complaints filed by the customers and process of inspection by the administration, the officer himself was not aware that the validity or due date for statutory testing of the cylinders is mentioned on the cylinders. Putting the blame on petroleum companies, Maurya said, \"It is the responsibility of the companies to create awareness in this regard.\"The Varanasi unit of India Against Corruption (IAC) which is working these days to check the supply of LPG cylinders, found as many as four LPG cylinders of expired dates in a trolley on April 13. According to IAC coordinatior Mohammad Arif, an awareness will be launched in all the localities to spread knowledge about it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12988314", "title": "Maharashtra cops to get training on how to crack terror cases", "text": "MUMBAI: The ministry of home affairs has asked the state police to hold joint training sessions for personnel on how to investigate terror attacks. Applications have been invited for the programme.According to senior police officials, the ministry is organizing the session as the state does not have enough good officers at the police station level who can probe terror cases. \"The state anti-terrorism squad is doing a good job, but when newcomers join, they don't know head or tail of a terror case. The ATS has to train them for a couple of months. There are personnel who do not even know what to do immediately after an attack, whether to cordon the spot off or not,\" said a source.During the 12-day session, which will be open to officers of the ranks of inspector to DCP/SP, participants will be taught how to collect circumstantial evidence, an important part in detecting a case. The Pune police did not bother to keep the circumstantial evidence in mind when the fire brigade doused the blaze at German Bakery, where an explosion claimed 17 lives on February 13, 2010. \"Most of the evidence like the explosives used was washed away,\" said an officer. He added the main purpose was to prepare the personnel for detecting or preventing attacks. The lecturers will also enlighten the candidates on intelligence gathering and how to cultivate sources for information.Trainers will comprise senior officials from ATS, IB, research and analysis wing and the state intelligence department. \"Those who have solved or been part of terror cases will be given preference in the first batch,\" said the source.Those faring well are likely to be inducted into ATS and other anti-terror agencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12987487", "title": "High court tells Fateh Bahadur to vacate official house", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on Thursday permitted former principal secretary, home, Fateh Bahadur Singh to retain his official house in Raj Bhawan Colony till May 31. Justice Shabihul Hasnain directed him to vacate the premises after the deadline without making any hue and cry.He also asked the state government not to disturb him in his peaceful living in the premises. The state government had served Singh a notice to vacate the official residence. Singh had challenged the state's action on merit, but later sought court's humanitarian view, seeking a little relaxation, as his son is going to face civil services examination, and shifting may disturb his studies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12987925", "title": "\u2018More women in the force our priority\u2019", "text": "GURGAON: To make Gurgaon safer for women, the city police recently recruited 100 women constables and another 50-60 are to join soon. Apart from sharing this information, Gurgaon police commissioner K K Sindhu told TOI in an exclusive interview that the focus of policing would now be more on urban areas, particularly MG Road.MG Road has emerged as a dangerous stretch for women. What is your plan for prevention of crime against women on this stretch? We have been focusing on MG Road area and have increased the number of women cops posted there. Once we get more women constables, we will deploy more of them. We are making it mandatory that every police station should have two women cops as reporting staff to deal with the complaints by women. We will increase deployment of women cops by at least 50% in the Gurgaon police stations on Delhi Metro station premises.What steps are you taking to control petty crimes in the city? We have planned to conduct night dominance exercise in the entire city. We will choose different areas on different days and there will be 100% deployment of policemen in those areas. At present, we have fewer policemen working at night in comparison to the force deployed during the daytime. In the past, we increased the visibility of policemen in posh areas. With the help of RWAs we locked several exit-entry points. All these measures have reduced petty crimes like vehicle theft, burglaries and snatching. We will replicate this in other colonies and sectors.What is the status of the outdoor surveillance project, which could have helped police in detecting crimes? The outdoor surveillance system is the basic need of the hour for Gurgaon. We have identified 60 exit and entry points in the city which will be covered under this project. The police department has allocated the necessary budget and the tenders have been awarded. We hope it will become reality soon.What are the steps you are taking to detect vehicle thefts in city? We have put up 10 police barricades (nakas) at all entry and exit points of city. We are also holding talks with the local administration and RWAs to find the way out. I strongly believe that high security number plates on vehicles will prove crucial to check vehicle theft.Is there any plan to get a forensic science laboratory (FSL) in Gurgaon since getting reports is crucial for investigation? In Gurgaon, we already have an FSL team. We also have a mobile forensic vehicle. I have directed all the SHOs that they should make use of the mobile forensic vehicle. The vehicle fitted with forensic equipment and cameras is very helpful in investigation.What is your strategy for prevention and detection of crime in the city? Gurgaon is the most happening place in the NCR. We have set up two coordination committees in the city and we will hold meetings next month with Nasscom and local RWAs. One committee will look into the safety, security and traffic-related issues for industrial areas.The second committee will focus on residential areas. We want every stake-holder to be a partner in this. We will have subcommittees at the local police station level and these will be headed by the SHOs. We have recovered more than 100 illegal weapons in the past three months. Besides cases of vehicle theft, murder, rape, robbery, burglary, petty theft cases have also come down this year in comparison to last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12989232", "title": "Woman held for murder of kid, suicide bid", "text": "PANAJI: A woman allegedly threw her 3-year-old daughter into a rivulet at Verem and then tried to commit suicide by jumping into the same water body. The child died, but the woman survived and has been arrested by Porvorim police for murder.Police said Savitri Kumar, 23, was upset with her husband, who works as a mason. \"The couple stays in a hut in Calangute. On Wednesday, they had a fight after the husband asked Savitri to start working. He wanted his wife to work as a daily wage earner, as it would bring in extra income,\" police said.Police said Savitri's husband earns about Rs 160 as a mason working for a building contractor and he wanted his wife to work for the contractor as they needed money to raise their two children-a 5-year-old boy, who is with the accused's mother at her native place and the 3-year-old girl.Savitri was not keen on working. \"She refused to work and this upset her husband who asked her to return to her mother's house in Belgaum district if she was not willing to work and help him. This led to heated arguments between the couple and she was extremely upset,\" police said.On Thursday morning Savitri prepared breakfast for her husband. \"He had breakfast and left for work. Later, Savitri walked with her daughter to the rivulet at Verem,\" police said.A few people who were fishing at the rivulet said that around 10.45am, they saw the woman come with the child. \"The mother first threw the child in the water and then she herself jumped into the water,\" witnesses said. The mother informed police that the daughter slipped from her hands and she jumped into the water to commit suicide.People around immediately jumped into the rivulet to save the mother and child. \"The mother had fallen in shallow water and was easier to trace, but the daughter couldn't be traced easily. By the time she was traced and brought to the shore, she was declared dead,\" police said.Police conducted inquest panchanama and sent the girl's body for postmortem to Goa medical college and hospital. \"We have arrested Savitri for murder of her daughter and for attempting to commit suicide,\" Porvorim PI CL Patil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12987933", "title": "Gang involved in several gruesome murders busted, cops claim", "text": "JAIPUR: The city police claim to have busted a gang belonging to Mongya tribe which only slaughtered four members of a family at Chaksu's Manoharpura village on April 16. They had also killed Dakha Devi in February 2011 to rob her of her anklets, a case which led to the mob setting SHO Phool Mohammad on fire in Sawai Madhopur's Surval town.One of the two accused men who were arrested by the police on Thursday is only 18 years old and had allegedly been involved in several gruesome murders committed with almost similar modus operandi. The teenager had escaped from juvenile centre in Jaipur's Transport Nagar area six months ago.Police said that the accused, identified as Surjya alias Surajmal Mogya (18) and Kalu alias Kalya Mogya (20) are residents of Malpura police station area in Tonk district.On April 16, the bodies of Shrigari Devi and her three grandchildren - Ramji Lal (13), Keshanta (10) and Kavita (8) - were found in their house and in a farm nearby. Their throats were slit. The police said that all three children were attacked in their sleep. Ramji Lal even woke up after being attacked and ran outside the house, but collapsed due to excessive bleeding and died.Police commissioner B L Soni said that initially the possibility of robbery behind the murders had been ruled out. But during investigation, it came up that the four victims were killed for robbery, but the robbers could not take all the valuables from the house as the situation went out of control when Ramji Lal ran out of the house. The police have also recovered a van allegedly used in the crime.A police team which had gone to round up some suspects in the Chaksu murder case was attacked at Tonk's Malpura police station area on April 26. In an FIR registered in this regard, the Tonk police officers claimed that they had gone to arrest three people following a tip-off from Jaipur police.\"Two men had been rounded up by Tonk police on April 26, but both were not directly related to the Chaksu murders. On Thursday, acting on a tip-off by Tonk police, a Jaipur police team intercepted a van near Ghati village in Tonk's Malpura police station area. While Surjya and Kalu were arrested, about five others managed to flee,\" said Soni.He added that Mongya tribe gang had been involved in several murders in Tonk, Sawai Madhopur, Ajmer, Nagaur, Jaipur and Karauli. Soni said that the gang members often kill people, especially elderly women for their silver anklets. \"The modus operandi of killing victims by slitting their throats with sharp-edged weapons is peculiar to this gang,\" additional commissioner of police Giriraj Meena said.\"Surjya alone was involved in four such cases including murder of a security guard Dharm Singh Gujjar at a factory in Muhana, murder of Dakha Devi in Sawai Madhopur's Surval town and killing of Chhoti Devi Gujjar in Choth Ka Barwara area,\" said the officer.A mob brunt alive SHO Phool Mohammad after a student leader, protesting against police inaction in Dakha Devi murder case, set himself on fire and jumped off a water tank in Surval village on March 17, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12988224", "title": "Green activists sceptical if special mangrove cell will be effective", "text": "MUMBAI: Green activists, who have experienced the insensitivity of ground-level officials to the city's environmental concerns, are sceptical of the government's commitment to the cause.Questioning the ability of the mangrove cell to protect or expand mangrove cover, Debi Goenka, executive trustee, Conservation Action Trust, said while it is ideally supposed to have 37 people on board, it has less than half the number. \"I have learnt that the forest department has taken an internal decision that it will not look into the protection of mangroves. The forest department does nothing but leaves mangrove protection to the revenue and the collector's departments. So, the question that arises is, what will this cell really do?\" said Goenka.Agreed Harish Pandey, secretary, New Link Road Residents' Forum. \"The mangrove cell shouldn't be a toothless committee. It should succeed in restoring the original position of the land,\" he said. Pandey alleged that as far as the western suburbs were concerned, a large part of the Coastal Regulatory Zone (CRZ) area has been reclaimed and used for non-forest activities, in contempt of the Bombay High Court Order.Pandey said despite several complaint letters and subsequent directives issued by the Maharashtra Coastal Zone Management Authority (MCZMA) to the collector, the municipal commissioner and the police commissioner, illegal activities like tourist bus parking, sand cleaning and small-scale industrial activities continue. The ground reality has changed little, he claimed. \"We as citizens' groups are ready to extend co-operation to any body to conserve and protect the CRZ and mangroves,\" he said.When N Vasudevan, chief conservator of forests was contacted he said, \"We are short-staffed now. So the responsibility of protecting mangroves is with the territorial division i.e. the regular forest division. But we will aid them in protecting the mangroves. Our role for now will be mainly expansion of mangrove cover.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12989408", "title": "Union Territory to restrict vertical growth in eco-sensitive zones", "text": "CHANDIGARH: UT administration is set to fix maximum height of 24-26 feet for eco-sensitive areas of Chandigarh. This follows a recommendation by forest and wildlife department on the issue.The matter had assured significance due to concern over construction in the catchment area of Sukhna Lake. In the absence of clear height restriction, the administration is not being able to launch a crackdown against violators. The same restriction is likely to be made applicable to villages falling under UT by making these a part of the bylaws, which is likely to be notified shortly.The massive development in the north and north east of Chandigarh could go against the effort to get heritage status as Capitol Complex is located in that area. This area also has eco-fragile forest area, wildlife sanctuary and catchment area of Sukhna Lake, a UT official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12988637", "title": "Grandchildren of Dadasaheb Phalke seek Bharat Ratna for him", "text": "MUMBAI: As Indian cinema entered its centenary year on Thursday, its first family-the grandchildren of Dadasaheb Phalke-is unlikely to join in the cheers.The family has been seeking a Bharat Ratna for Phalke, who has nothing but a national award instituted in his name. \"He deserves the honour. He laid the foundation of Indian cinema,\" said his grandson Vivek Athawale from Nashik. None of Phalke's immediate family is alive but his grandchildren feel least the government can do is to award him the highest civilian award.In fact, Phalke's family has always lived in near-penury. His daughter, Vrinda Pusalkar, who lived near Mahim Causeway, died in 2007. She was suffering from Alzheimer's disease. A house and pension were awarded to her only after actor-politician Sunil Dutt took up the issue.Her son Chandrashekhar told TOI, \"The government could've easily helped Dadasaheb's children. There is nothing left on his name. His name is being used for awards but he still hasn't been given the Bharat Ratna. Couldn't the government at least have set up a film school named after him?\"Some in the family feel the government is not obligated towards them but should certainly honour Phalke. A section of his family has chosen to live in Nashik because they are upset that the film industry has never given Phalke his due. His granddaughter, Usha Patankar said, \"He didn't get the respect that was expected from people from his fraternity and we are not talking about money here but giving him the credit for his contribution to cinema.Dadasaheb's Nashik house demolishedMost of his life, Dadasaheb Phalke lived in a rented house. It was only late in life that producer-director V Shantaram collected Rs 5,000 and bought him a plot in Nashik, where he built a house for himself. But this house too was demolished about 20 years back. His granddaughter, Usha Patankar, said, \"Dadasaheb's grandson Deepak Phalke appealed to the Nashik Municipal Corporation that the house needed repairs but they did not pay attention. A little later it was demolished.'' The house made way for a road-widening project but there is only a board installed.\"The Haud house, the bungalow where Phalke shot his first film, is still standing. A close relative of Phalke said, \"It was a rented place. The one he owned does not exist anymore.\" The present owner of the bungalow, Nizamuddin Ghulam Kokani, has kept the bungalow without making any changes. He said, \"I wanted to demolish it but my mother insisted that this was the only memory left of Dadasaheb Phalke so I decided to keep it and am trying to maintain it.''State opposition leader Eknath Khadse, who too has been appealing to the government to recommend Phalke's name for Bharat Ratna, said, \"We have asked the government to declare the Haud House a national monument.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12988496", "title": "H1N1 spreads, but vaccines are stuck", "text": "CHENNAI: Two-and-a-half months after the first H1N1 case was reported in the latest outbreak of the contagion in Tamil Nadu, and more than 120 cases later, the state is yet to get a fresh batch of vaccines. Health experts are concerned because several health workers, the first line of defence against the disease, have been infected.A day after a second person who tested positive for H1N1 died in the state on April 20, the government placed an order for 40,000 doses of vaccine, including 20,000 injections and 20,000 vials of nasal spray, worth 55 lakh. The vaccination was primarily for healthcare workers. At least eight doctors and paramedics in Chennai have been infected since then, but not a single batch of vaccines ordered has reached the state.\"We issued tenders for spray and injection vaccines. Cadila Pharmaceuticals bid for the injections. The company requires a minimum of 15 days to make the delivery, so we expect vaccines to arrive on Friday,\" said a senior official of Tamil Nadu Medical Services Corporation (TNMSC).However, the vaccines were manufactured last June and are close to their expiry date. Health department officials said they had no option while choosing Cadila because other companies did not have H1N1 vaccinations ready and would have had to manufacture them. They said the Central Research Institute (CRI) has extended the expiry date by three months. \"The H1N1 virus mutates almost every year. So companies begin manufacturing the vaccines only in June-July,\" the TNMSC official said.Pharmaceutical firms say it takes time to get approvals from central agencies and negotiate prices with the state medical corporation. The CRI takes between one to three months to clear a fresh batch of vaccine. The tender for nasal sprays is yet to be given because the manufacturer, Pune-based Serum Institute, is awaiting CRI clearance. \"The CRI's stability test takes 45 days. Once it is cleared, we can start production within seven days. We should get the clearance in 10 days,\" said Serum Institute southern region marketing manager D Prakash.The spray is likely to take more than two weeks to arrive, because the tender is stuck in red tape. TNMSC officials say orders of 50 lakh and above have to be approved by the board, which takes a week to 10 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12989284", "title": "Indian fighters ready to set the cage on fire", "text": "Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) is a popular international sport and is gaining ground in India too, with the coming in of the Super Fight League (SFL). The Indian fighters have shown in the SFL that they can be as good as the big stars. With just days to go before the third round of the SFL, TOI introduces you to the Indian fighters and lists the challengers they will be up against in SFL 3.Book tickets for SFL | ScheduleKultar Singh Gill (India) vs Quinton Arendse (South Africa) (80 Kg Catch Weight)If not an MMA fighter, Kultar Singh could've very easily been a good stand-up comedian. \"I am never in anything boring, let alone my fights. You should see my underwear,\" he says. Gill is named after the world's deadliest snake and given his day job as a prison warden it would be easy to assume that he is a grim man. You couldn't be more wrong. 'The Black Mamba' is one of MMA's most entertaining characters, both in and out of the ring. Back after a four-year hiatus, the Canadian Indian is ready to put up a good show in the country of his origin. \"The only thing nerveracking about fighting in India is the fact that if I don't perform to my best my mom will be waiting for me at the airport with the biggest stick she can find to give me a beating with,\" says the kickboxing expert.For years, Gill has been representing India in MMA. Now he is representing MMA in India. \"I want to show India we are professional athletes who sweat, bleed and carry the torch of the inner being that many do not let loose. We ask you to cheer us on while we work our magic. We are athletes like no other.\"Gurdarshan Mangat (India) vs Liu Si Cong (China) (62 Kg Catch Weight)Hailing from British Columbia (Canada) and fighting out of Mamba MMA, former amateur champion Gurdarshan 'Saint Lion' Mangat (Gary Mangat) is widely recognized as one of Canadian MMA's brightest talents. Regularly invited to train with MMA legends such as Georges St Pierre and Kenny Florian in Montreal, Mangat has set his sights on becoming a legend in his own right and is delighted to be able to do so in his motherland of India. Mangat said, \"I'm coming to showcase the most complete version of myself in my motherland. I've dreamt of it, now I will show it. I am looking to open people's eyes and show them that I am the best Indian talent out there. I have been training with some of the best MMA fighters in the world. I am ready. Be ready to witness a statement.\"Lakhwinder Singh Sekhon (India) vs Vladimir Biandov (Bulgaria) (Lightweight)Lakhwinder 'Lightening ' Singh Sekhon has had a storming start to his MMA career, winning all three of his fights in a combined time of less then four minutes and not a single fight going past the 90 second mark. Residing in West London but fighting out of team Nova Forca in Epsom, England, Sekhon goes into every bout looking to finish it as quickly as possible and already has a knockout of the night award from his first fight in SFL-1. Sekhon said: \"I'm thankful to the SFL for giving me this platform and I'm looking forward to performing. I don't worry about my opponent's gameplan. I just do what I do. I'm prepared for a threeround war but I am always looking for an opening to finish a fight and if I see it, I won't hesitate. I would love to win by one punch knockout.\"Anup Kumar (India) vs Noom (Thailand) (60 Kg Catch Weight)Indian featherweight Anup 'Pitbull' Kumar is ready to continue his winning streak in front of the home crowd. Kumar made a blistering start to his MMA career when he executed a perfect rear naked choke on Sri Lankan Dilanga Rathnaweera to win the 60kg catch weight bout by way of submission in SFL-2. Touted as a fighter with a bright future, Anup lived up to his cage name, charging Rathnaweera at every possible chance. His risk-taking was rewarded when he got into the perfect position that left the Lankan with no option but to tap out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12981429", "title": "A three-day Hindi theatre festival in Mumbai", "text": "In a city, where the Indian film and television industry are at the helm of entertainment, it's not surprising that Hindi and Urdu language plays face stiff competition from our regular Bollywood movies.Yet, for a medium that began as a means to stir nation-wide revolution, Hindi theatre has come a long way today. To further give regional language theatre a push in the right direction, the National Centre for Performing Arts (NCPA) is organising the Ananda Hindi Natya Utsav 2012 from May 4 to 6.But what is so unique about this particular festival, as compared to the many Hindi dramas that are a staple on the theatre circuit? Well, to begin with, this festival is a collection of three delightful plays - Kalaam, Papa and Ramsajeevan Ki Premkatha. Deepa Gahlot, the curator of this festival reveals the USP of each, \"Papa is a devised play, where the dialogues have been taken from every character's real-life interactions with his/her father. Ramsanjeevan Ki Premkatha is a first-time play by a brand new production house, while Kalaam is NCPA's very own production.\" All the three acts promise to deliver not only new content but you can look forward to Hindi literature being presented in a fresh avatar.The utsav is one of the many mini festivals this year, and along with other regional language plays (in Marathi and Gujarati), it is a build up to a big multi-lingual festival, which will soon follow. Featuring three very different themes, from fatherhood and imperiled family to terrorism and romance, Ananda is indeed, as the name suggests, a reason for joy for theatre buffs. You don't want to miss this one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12988804", "title": "MLAs want smaller water projects", "text": "MUMBAI: With several areas in the state reeling under a severe drought, there is flood of applications from MLAs requesting the government to undertake smaller water supply and irrigation schemes in their constituencies.As many as 70 MLAs, mostly from the drought-hit areas of western Maharashtra, have applied for schemes that are initiated on minimum land area of 0 to 100 ha, another 25 are urging the government to approve slightly bigger 101 to 250 ha projects. The water supply department has requested the government for nearly Rs 250 crore for these works. \"The MLAs are tired of waiting for the benefits of bigger projects, which have been delayed for various reasons. The government must sanction more money for these projects. So far we have got only Rs 2-3 crore,\" said a senior officer.The area covered under irrigation in the state does not exceed 20% and nearly 80% of this is dependent on rainfall. The irrigation schemes at Ghosikurd and Krishna Valley have been planned to expand irrigated land. But they have had no bearing on the ground. \"The Krishna Khore project was completed 17 years ago and the project in Ghosikurd is still in the pipeline,\" said a senior officer.Overt the years, the state has undertaken various major and minor irrigation schemes to create maximum irrigation potential. But there remains a gap between potential created and utilized in these projects. The total potential utilized in 2010-11 was only 46.58 lakh ha. Of the total 307 lakh ha geographical area of the state, 226 lakh ha was gross cropped area as compared to net sown area of 174 lakh ha.The state is suffering from one of its worst droughts since 2003. Leaves of officers in the worst hit areas of Sangli (443 villages) and Satara (349 villages), followed by Ahmednagar have been cancelled. The state has distributed 10,000 tonne fodder and initiated 51 fodder depots and three camps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12988033", "title": "\u2018Mompreneurs\u2019 showcase their creative best", "text": "GURGAON: Fed up of exhibition organizers and event managers fleecing them, a group of \"mom entrepreneurs\" have come together to form a new concept called Pitaara.It all started as a house party concept by a few \"mompreneurs\", as they would like to be called, in Gurgaon, that provided them a common platform to display their creative best and grow while working together. With some encouraging feedback, Pitaara organized its first exhibition in April at the Trinity Towers in Phase V and after its success, city's moms are now all geared up for the next one in May.\"Due to the fact that these exhibitions are not money-making ventures and are based on a cost-sharing concept, a lot of entrepreneurs find it convenient to participate. Moms understand our concept and want to be a part of it because they see value in it,\" explained Shephali Kasliwal, one of the founders of Pitaara.Mom entrepreneurs Suman Dash of Vastradi along with Kasliwal of Knotty Angels started it as a platform for like-minded \"mompreneurs\" with diversified talents through which they could showcase their products together. The exclusivity is maintained as only one exhibitor is allowed in each category of products.Dash said: \"Most of the exhibitors are basically startups who need a platform to showcase their products to potential clients without burning a hole in their pockets. Since there are a lot of such individuals in Gurgaon with hardly any formal platform available, the idea of organizing exhibitions together was born.\"As the numbers grew, the venue shifted from the members' homes to a society clubhouse. Each month, there is a different venue which gives the group a chance to showcase their products to residents of various condominiums in Gurgaon. It also helps them to reach many people at almost their doorstep.Their target is to reach out to various residents in Gurgaon. Pitaara showcases wide range of products including ethnic, western and maternity wear, kids' clothing and accessories, jewellery, paper craft, handicrafts, furnishings and gift items, food and cookery items as well.The special attractions include grooming sessions and makeover stalls for moms as well as workshops and activities for kids. Kasliwal said: \"Our aim is to make it a regular event and conduct one such exhibition in a different township every month. Pitaara is nothing less than a Pandora's Box - new surprises every time.\"The next Pitaara will be held on May12, from 5pm to 9pm, at The Retreat, South City-1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12988406", "title": "New commissioner for twin cities", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Days after resolving the twin hostage crisis perpetrated by Maoists in Odisha, the state government on Thursday revamped the police setup dealing with anti-extremist operations and also drew curtains on Bijay Kumar Sharma's stint as police commissioner of Bhubaneswar-Cuttack by announcing Sunil Roy as his replacement.In a reshuffle of senior IPS officers, cleared by CM Naveen Patnaik before embarking on five-day trip to Delhi, Sharma, a 1986 batch officer, made way for Ray, a 1987 batch officer currently serving as inspector general (law and order), official sources said. Sharma will take over as additional director general (ADG), crime, succeeding his batchmate Abhaya, who has been made ADG (law and order).The government also posted Arun Sarangi as IG (intelligence) with additional charge of IG (operations). Y B Khurania, who was IG (operations), has been given Sarangi's responsibility of IG (training), while IG (intelligence) Arun Ray will be the new IG (central range). Similarly, DIG (south-western range) S K Priyadarshi has been appointed DIG (operations), while DIG (central range) D S Kuttey will replace Sanjeeb Panda as DIG (special intelligence wing). Panda has been posted as DIG (headquarters). Further, Jagatsinghpur SP S S Dev Dutta Singh has been made DIG in-charge (south western range), in place of Priyadarshi.Gopabandhu Mallick has been promoted from IG, Human Rights Protection Cell (HRPC) to ADG, HRPC, while Satyajit Mohanty, on return from training, would join as the chairman-cum-managing director of Odisha State Police Housing and Welfare Corporation. IG, vigilance, Surendra Panwar has been promoted as director, vigilance.Earlier, the state government effected changes in the senior IAS level, posting Deoranjan Kumar Singh as the new secretary, steel and mines, replacing Manoj Ahuja. Singh would continue to hold office as vice-chairman, Bhubaneswar Development Authority. Ahuja has been commissioner, commercial taxes. Director (special projects) Arabinda Padhee has been posted as revenue divisional commissioner (central division). Saswat Mishra has been elevated to CMD, Odisha Mining Corporation, with additional charge secretary, sports and youth services, while panchayati raj secretary P K Jena has been given extra responsibility of secretary, information and public relations. Jena, who is also CMD, Idco, will no longer function as secretary, information technology, with food supplies secretary Madhu Sudan Padhi given that responsibility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12989185", "title": "Tourism department to skip Buddha Mahotsav, busy with Conclave", "text": "VARANASI: The UP tourism department is busy with preparations for the two-day International Buddhist Conclave going to be held at Sarnath in September this year. However, this has led to cancellation of the annual Buddha Mahotsav, held on the occasion of Buddha Purnima, falling on May 6 this year.On noticing absence of any preparations for the annual Buddha Mahotsav at Sarnath, the TOI contacted the UP tourism officials who confirmed that except extending nominal support to the Buddhist organisations, the department is not planning any events this year.When Manoj Kumar Singh, director general of UP tourism, was contacted over phone on Thursday, he said, \"We have limited funds due to which it was decided to merge the cultural activities organised as part of Buddha Mahotsav with the events of the forthcoming International Buddhist Conclave.\"The DG (tourism) said that the proposed conclave would take place on September 29 and 30 at Sarnath followed by a trip to Bodh Gaya in Bihar. Over 250 delegates from 30 countries, including tour operators, international Buddhist scholars, opinion makers, international and national media, tourism ministers from 16 states and chief ministers of UP and Bihar, would take part in the conclave. He said that apart from seminars and discussion sessions, an exhibition showcasing Buddhist sites and culture would also be the part of proposed conclave.The DG (tourism) assured that the Buddha Mahotsav would take place in the coming years just like in the past. The department is not holding major cultural events this year, but a fund of Rs 1 lakh would be spent to provide refreshment to the participants of procession carried out in Sarnath on the occasion of Buddh Purnima, while decoration of area with earthen lamps in evening would also take place on May 6.To note, Buddha Mahotsav had been started by the UP tourism and Ministry of Tourism of Government of India at Sarnath in 1998, when K R Narayanan, then the president of India, had inaugurated it. The UP tourism department had allocated a fund of Rs 15 lakh for the Mahotsav in its inaugural year. Since then the Mahotsav was held every year, till in 2007 and 2008, when it was discontinued.Regional tourism officer, Dinesh Kumar said that when he assumed charge here, the annual Buddha Mahotsav was restarted in 2009 with financial assistance from the UP tourism department as well as the Ministry of Tourism.In March 2012, a Mahotsav committee - constituted by the state to handle three government-funded mahotsavs, including Ganga Mahotsav, Buddha Mahotsav and Budhwa Mangal - held a meeting to finalise the events of Buddha Mahotsav.After this a proposal of about Rs 25 lakh was forwarded to the DG (tourism) office. But, before any decision could be taken on this, a proposal for International Buddhist Conclave was put up.The DG (tourism) also visited Delhi on April 13 last to attend a meeting convened by the Ministry of Tourism to discuss the conclave and development and implementation of integrated Buddhist circuit in Bihar and UP with International Finance Corporation (IFC) of the World Bank group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12987459", "title": "Investors flock to expressway on promise of future gains", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nobody knows for sure how long it will be before the Dwarka Expressway is finished, but given its importance as an alternative link between Delhi and Gurgaon, and the high property rates in both cities, the road has fuelled a property boom along its proposed alignment.Already, rates have touched Rs 7,200 per square foot in certain parts, and even studio apartments start at Rs 40 lakh. Not surprisingly, developers and realtors have started spamming high net worth individuals with \"hurry\" and \"rush now\" text messages. But is it just another bubble or a real opportunity?Builders and property analysts TOI spoke to said so far the increase in property values is driven by speculative buying. \"These projects, as of now, are for investors and not end users. The area will only become habitable after it gets connected by the expressway,\" said Saurabh Sharma of Corporate Real Estate, one of the 50-odd realtors eyeing expressway projects in the New Palam Vihar area.Experts said the area is an opportunity for investors with staying power, as none of the residential projects are likely to be completed before two years.Dealers said up to 75% of the bookings in these buildings have been done by investors, and projects by reputed builders are almost sold out. \"NRIs and local investors have lapped up most of the houses in projects by Era (Sector 103), Earth Infrastructure (Sector 112), Landmark (Sector 103), Rahejas (Sector 108), Ansals Housing, and Siddhartha (Sector 106),\" a builder said.\"Investors can wait for the values to increase further. Once the expressway is ready, prices will shoot up,\" said property dealer Hitesh Singh of India Home, adding rates have increased sharply ever since construction of the expressway started in April 2011. Two-bedroom apartments now cost Rs 55-65 lakh, three-bedroom apartments Rs 75 lakh to Rs 1.5 crore, while villas cost up to Rs 10 crore.\"The average range here is Rs 3,000-4,200 per square foot. However, in projects that are in prime locations and closer to Delhi, such as sectors 111, 112, 113 and 110, the prices are as high as Rs 7,200 per square foot,\" added Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12989354", "title": "Why is general power of attorney registered?", "text": "What is a general power of attorney?A power of attorney is an instrument that is used by people to confer authority on somebody else to legally act on their behalf. They can be of two types - special power of attorney (SPA) and general power of attorney (GPA). While an SPA is used for transfer of a specific right to the person on whom it is conferred, the GPA authorizes the holder to do whatever is necessary. For example, in property 'sales' using this instrument, the buyer gets a GPA from the seller not only for his own use of the property, but for further 'sale' to someone else if he so desires. Of course, a GPA holder can only 'sell' the property through another GPA.Why is this used in property transactions?Many properties cannot technically be sold for a variety of reasons. For instance, the original owner may have got it from an institution like DDA at a below-market rate and DDA may have imposed a minimum period for which it must be held. Any sale before this period is not legally possible, so a GPA may be resorted to. Or, the property could be part of a housing society which has got the land on lease. In such cases, the 'owner' of the property actually has only a certificate from the society allowing him to use it, but not to sell it. It is only when the property is converted from lease-hold to free-hold that he gets the title to the property. That is when he actually becomes the owner and, hence, is entitled to sell it.How is the GPA used in such cases?The person wanting to sell grants a GPA to the buyer. Typically, the buyer will insist that the GPA must be 'irrevocable', since he wants to ensure that the seller does not renege on the deal after the money has been paid. He will also insist on a will and perhaps even on all legal heirs of the seller submitting affidavits revoking their claim to the property. The GPA also specifies that he has the right to sell the property when it is saleable or transfer it to anybody else at his discretion. Typically, the right to get the property converted to free-hold is also specified in the GPA.Why does a GPA have to be registered?The government realized properties were being bought and sold through GPAs and no stamp duty was being paid on these transactions. To stop this and boost its revenues, in 2004, the Delhi government made it mandatory for GPAs to be registered at 90% of the stamp duty rate applicable to sale deeds. It made it clear the GPAs that are not registered will have no legal validity.What has the Supreme Court done?In October, SC ordered that no further transfer of property should be allowed through GPAs. Most states banned the use of GPAs for this purpose soon thereafter. But the Delhi government passed an order to this effect only last week.What effect will this have?For the future, it means properties that cannot legally be sold will become truly immoveable. As for the past, transactions for properties in Delhi for which GPAs have been conferred since October 11, 2011, become null and void for legal purposes.If someone has bought a property on a GPA which has been registered prior to October 2011 and now wants to sell it, can he sell it?A sale will be possible only if the property has been converted to freehold and title for the property obtained. The GPA on its own will not suffice. If the conversion to freehold hasn't been done but is allowed, the GPA can be used to do the conversion.Will property prices go up or down?Properties which are freehold and to which title is clear will become more expensive as the supply of saleable properties will come down since those held on GPA cannot be sold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12989865", "title": "Prime land in Hyderguda under threat from sharks", "text": "HYDERABAD: The city might be gasping for lung space but attempts are nonetheless being made to take over a piece of prime land on Hyderguda for construction of a commercial property.Eyeing the prime land, which has been demarcated as passage for the surrounding areas, a cabinet minister from Rayalaseema and a top bureaucrat with the state government are allegedly bringing pressure on the Hyderabad district collectorate to either allot the land or alienate it to the developer at a throwaway price.Official sources said that about 700sq yards of government land is available adjacent to Hyderguda road. This plot, as per land records, is in the TS No.8 Block-L, Ward No.54 of Himayatnagar mandal.When the state government issued a notification for regularization of encroached government land (GO 166), various parties got their plots (admeasuring 149sq yards, 104sq yards, 103sq yards, 81.52sq yards, 136sq yards and 136sq yards) regularized. Most of these regularized plots were then purchased by one T Suryanarayana. But one piece of land admeasuring 178sq yards, the passage for the regularized plots, was untouched as it belonged to the government. As per prevailing market rates, the value of the land is about Rs 2 crore.Suryanarayana has sought this plot from the revenue department after buying out all the surrounding plots. The proposed plan for the site is the construction of a commercial complex or a star hotel.When the collector sought a report from the tehsildar of Himayatnagar mandal, it was found that the 178sq yard plot is G-Abadi (Gramakantam), or government land. Interestingly, the tehsildar reported that the plot was not useful for any public utility and neither does it fall under land ceiling. The tehsildar, it is learnt, has recommended that the land be given away at the market price under pressure from a powerful lobby.But the land protection wing of the Hyderabad collectorate dismissed that saying that the land cannot be allotted to an individual without an auction. Moreover, it has been stated that government land can only be made over to institutes or firms at the government level and not to any individual, especially if it did not serve any public purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12988105", "title": "Doctors threaten to go on strike if other accused not held", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after the arrest of four Yuva Morcha activists who forcefully entered Sawai Man Singh (SMS) hospital's superintendent Dr LC Sharma's office and held him captive, the resident doctors have threatened to go on strike if the other accused are not arrested within 72 hours.\"They were not four persons who forcefully entered Dr Sharma's office, there were many more. There were more than 40 persons who were involved in the incident,\" said Dr Ashok Jhajharia, president of Jaipur Association of Resident Doctors.After the death of a girl, the hospital witnessed protests on Monday. Following that on Tuesday, some persons had barged into the medical superintendent's office, held him captive and demanded his resignation.Jhajharia said that it was not the right way of protest. If all the accused are not arrested within 72 hours, the doctors will go on strike. He said that the four persons who were arrested last night got bail in the morning.Besides, the All Rajasthan Medical College Teachers Association ( ARMCTA) held a gate meeting and claimed that police action is insufficient. They demanded that all the accused should be booked for holding the medical superintendent captive, which prevented a government official from performing his duty.The doctors had registered an FIR against the accused after the incident. Mukesh Sharma, acting principal health secretary visited the hospital to investigate the matter of the girl's death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12986991", "title": "BCCI chief's son held for brawl, gets bail", "text": "MUMBAI: BCCI chief N Srinivasan's son Ashwin got into a brawl after he was refused a drink during curfew hours in a Mumbai pub early Tuesday. He was arrested for punching and kicking a police constable. Later, he was produced in court and released on bail.Ashwin, 40, and his friend, Avi Mukharjee, 35, went to the pub on the fourth floor of a commercial building in Bandra (W). The bar stopped serving alcohol after 1.30am. However, Ashwin insisted the staff serve him, but bar employees refused. They requested him to pay the Rs 28,000 bill and leave.Ashwin and Avi argued with the staff, dropped names and allegedly abused them. Ashwin told the staff about his family and that he drove to the bar in a BMW. When he continued to press for liquor, the bar management informed the police.Around 2.15am, two policemen came to the bar, asked Ashwin to settle the bill and leave. Ashwin allegedly abused the policemen too. He kicked one of the constables and punched him on his face, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12989818", "title": "Mysore could be on flight path again", "text": "MYSORE: Six months after commercial flight services to Mysore were cancelled, the government has stepped in and tried to persuade operators, including Air India , to use the facility. Two operators - SpiceJet and Indigo - have got back to the government with their proposals and have sought assistance to manage commercial flights for four months.Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda has in principle agreed to assist them, district minister S A Ramadas said.They want to operate flights to Hyderabad, Chennai and Goa via Bangalore in the morning and evening. SpiceJet will get five ART-72 aircraft by the end of the month and will be able to start operations, he explained. The deputy commissioner said operators want a guarantee for 50% of seats while city-based industrialists said they will book 25 seats on outbound flights but have demanded a change in schedule.Kingfisher Airlines was operating flights six days a week in the afternoon.The Mysore Travel Agents Association president BS Prashanth said there have been a lot of enquires for flights to Mysore. \"We're ready to help passengers but there should be flights both in the morning and evening,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12992445", "title": "Diya Aur Baati.. to reveal the reason behind Sooraj\u2019s rudeness!", "text": "'Diya Aur Baati Hum' is the reigning Hindi serial on television with a TRP rating of 5.0 and a large fan following. To maintain its Numero Uno status, Star Plus is ensuring there are enough twists and turns in the series to keep viewers engaged.Currently in the series, Sooraj ( Anas Rashid) and Sandhya (Deepika Singh) who play husband and wife, share an estranged relationship. Sooraj's rude behavior towards Sandhya baffles her but in the episodes to follow, Sandhya will learn the real reason behind Sooraj's rudeness.Deepika Singh who essays the role of Sandhya confirmed to sources that the festival of Gangaur would be celebrated on the show and Amir Khan will also promote his 'Satyamev Jayate' on the show.We are kept guessing as to what can be the real reason behind Sooraj's rude behavior. Will Sooraj and Sandhya convince his family that they are truly 'Diya Aur Baati'?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "12990034", "title": "Kannur airport project: Wayanad, Coorg to gain prominence", "text": "KANNUR: Dreams around Kannur airport are taking shape in north Malabar. The boost to rail and road linkages that the airport project will entail has made the trade bodies buoyant.According to Kannur MP K Sudhakaran infrastructure links between Mattanur and Thalassery hold the key to development in the region. \"I am making all efforts to convince the authorities about its importance. The discussion about development projects in the region has turned alive once the government took up the airport project seriously,\" he said. The trade body in the region, North Malabar Chamber of Commerce (NMCC), believes that the development of infrastructure sector and the airport would hot up the tourism sector and benefit Kannur, Kasaragod and Wayanad. \"The tourism sector is unexplored. The airport will result in arrival of foreign tourists to destinations such as Wayanad and Coorg,\" said K Vinod Narayanan, president of NMCC.The export industry in the region will also find its way to a larger market through the Kannur airport. \"The annual revenue of Kannur from exports is Rs 1,000 crore. Once the airport becomes a reality, the revenue will double in a couple of years,\" said C Jayachandran, industrialist and vicepresident of NMCC. Now major buyers prefer export houses in Mumbai and Delhi because of the poor connectivity of the region. \"Time is a major factor in business and airport will help in addressing this,\" he said.Like the private players, the government departments too are betting big on the airport project. \"The airport will bring more investors in the hospitality sector to Malabar,\" said K Bhaskaran, deputy director of the department of tourism in Kannur. The department of tourism has already formulated many plans to facilitate private investors to set up hotels and resorts in the region.\"As a facilitator of the infrastructure development in the tourism sector, the department would call a meeting of the investors to develop properties,\" Bhaskaran said.Though it would take a couple of years for the airport to become a reality, people are game for it already.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12988265", "title": "Chief minister\u2019s Sadbhavana on celluloid", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Over the last decade, any film with the slightest mention of 2002 riots has not seen the light of the day in Gujarat. But, with chief minister Narendra Modi getting into Sadbhavana mode to woo Muslims, here is change in the plot.The Modi government has rolled out the red carpet to the crew of Kai Po Che, a film based on celebrated author Chetan Bhagat's novel 'The 3 Mistakes Of My life' - a story about three friends in Ahmedabad dealing with religious politics and the 2002 riots figuring prominently in it.What's more, Kai Po Che, which is being directed by Rock-On director Abhishek Kapoor, is being shot in Vadnagar, Modi's hometown. While there is an extended 50-day schedule for the film in Ahmedabad, some sensitive scenes will be shot in Vadnagar, a smaller town where the crew may find it easy to handle both logistics and crowds.\"Many people had apprehensions about the film being released in Gujarat. But the fact is we are shooting it here. We began with shooting at a temple in Vadnagar which is CM's home village,\" said Bhagat, who along with Kapoor and others had met Modi in January for the film's shooting.An IIM-A alumni, Bhagat says Modi extended them support and even gave some suggestions for the project. \"He too was excited about the movie as after Vadnagar, the film will be shot in Ahmedabad for 50 days,\" said Bhagat, who has often praised Modi's leadership.But, not all are ready to take Modi's change of heart at face value. \"It's an election year. There is no other reason for the CM to go in a Sadbhavana mode. For, people like us had problems releasing films in Gujarat ,\" said director Rahul Dholakia, whose film Parzania, though not banned, could not be released in the state due to pressure from right-wing activists. \"If there was a real change of heart, then I would also like to shoot and screen another film on 2002,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12988274", "title": "SC rejects PIL alleging fake encounter killing of Azad", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday closed its 16-month-long scrutiny of petitions accusing the Andhra Pradesh Police of gunning down in cold blood CPI (Maoist) leader Cherukuri Rajkumar alias Azad and journalist Hemchandra Pandey by accepting the CBI's final probe report terming the encounter genuine.A bench headed by Justice Aftab Alam, which had created ripples by its remark - \"we cannot allow the Republic to kill its children\" - during the hearing on petitions by Pandey's wife and social activist Swami Agnivesh, dismissed the pleas for independent judicial probe.Pandey's widow Bineeta had sought an independent probe into the encounter killing of her husband along with Azad and her counsel Prashant Bhushan sought a copy of the CBI's probe report. He was allowed to inspect the files and on that basis Bhushan raised several doubts about the veracity of the clean chit given by CBI to AP Police for killing of Azad, who carried a reward of Rs 12 lakh on his head.Though the court had allowed Bhushan to make additional submissions after perusing the CBI report, it had said, \"The CBI appears to have done a thorough, painstaking job and the investigation report does not bear out your apprehensions.\" The encounter took place in AP's Adilabad district on July 1, 2010.Bhushan alleged that Pandey's phone call records, hours preceding the encounter, were tampered with and also alleged that the close range bullet wounds suffered by him showed it was a fake encounter.Additional solicitor general Harin Raval defended the CBI's probe report and produced video recorded statements of witnesses in the case to convince the court that investigations into the encounter killing were not tampered with or motivated.He said the petition was filed in the apex court on the basis of a news report that quoted a version from a ballistic expert. The expert had told the CBI that his views were based on information provided to him over telephone and that he had not seen the post-mortem reports, Raval said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12988029", "title": "Crime Branch to probe allegations against Nirmal Baba", "text": "NAGPUR: An application from an activist against the alleged activities promoting superstition and fraudulent claims by self-styled godman Nirmal Baba has been forwarded to crime branch by city police chief Ankush Dhanvijay earlier this week.Social activist Umesh Choubey had staged a protest in the city against the godman's tall claims of healing through divine powers. He had also approached Dhanvijay for action against the Baba who had a sizeable following across the nation.The top cop said that there is no evidence of any offence as of now but crime branch would try to seek the truth in to the allegations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12987456", "title": "Know your house tax via sms", "text": "LUCKNOW: Want to know your house tax? Just send an SMS. The Lucknow Municipal Corporation (LMC), on Thursday, put in place the system of sending SMS to ascertain the house tax.One can type LMCHTAX and send it to 9235512608. Municipal commissioner NP Singh said that the nine digit house ID is mentioned in the paid house tax bills.House owners do not need to send an SMS if house tax has already been paid. The facility, he said, has been introduced in to get rid of the hassles in knowing the house tax.The house tax was revised by the LMC last year. However, the confusion of the revised tax continued to prevail. This resulted in dip in the turn out of house owners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12988738", "title": "SC advocates body moves to 'bar' Singhvi", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court Advocates-on-Record Association (SCORA) on Thursday passed a resolution condemning Congress leader and senior advocate A M Singhvi for an alleged \"incident which is now in public domain\".Without specifying what was the \"incident now in public domain\", the association's general body meeting, without the participation of its president Sushil Kumar Jain, passed the resolution and requested its members \"to refrain from briefing him (Singhvi) in any matter.\"After the \"certain incident\" came to light through a CD, Singhvi had filed a suit on which the Delhi High Court had passed an injunction restraining media and every other person against its circulation. Later, he reached a compromise with the defendant. On the basis of the compromise, Singhvi promised no legal action against the defendant, who accepted that he had morphed the CD's contents.Within 10 days of filing the suit and obtaining interim injuction, the HC granted permanent injunction on the basis of the compromise. After the incident, which went viral in social media, Singhvi resigned as the party spokesman.The resolution by SCORA, whose members were important for filing of cases in the Supreme Court, said a copy of the resolution was being sent to Chief Justice of India, Delhi High Court Chief Justice and Chairman of Bar Council of India for appropriate action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "andhra-orissa border", "code": "12989874", "title": "Reds to kidnap only \u2018irresponsible\u2019 officials", "text": "ANDHRA-ORISSA BORDER: On the day they released Sukma collector Alex Paul Menon in the neighbouring state of Chhattisgarh after keeping him hostage for 12 days, Maoists on Thursday came out with a 'weird' explanation that they had 'clear-cut policies' on kidnappings and that they would not abduct every official serving in the interior mandals and villages.Much worse, the Maoists claimed that they should not be held responsible if simultaneous kidnappings were carried out by different wings cocooned in the jungles. In an interview to a group of journalists in a deep jungle between Visakha and Orissa border, Maoists east division committee secretary Bakuri Venkata Ramana alias Ganesh said that they had clear-cut instructions from the party leadership on who should be kidnapped. But he wouldn't reveal the party's internal strategy on the abductions.He was also not ready to give an assurance that officials visiting rural areas to provide services and develop them would not be spared. All that he said was, \"The party would not kidnap each and every official.\" He went on to say that the red rebels were not against developmental works in irrigation, education and health sectors in the interior pockets. He said they would never interfere when the officials worked hard for the uplift of the poor dalits and tribals. \"We would never resort to random kidnapping of these officials,\" he said. When pressed further as to why Alex who was also working hard to eradicate poverty in the villages, Ganesh tried to duck the question.He said the two Italian foreigners were kidnapped by the Orissa state committee members, while one of the committees of AOB had abducted Lakshmipur MLA Jinna Hikkaka. He pointed out that the party had written several letters to the officials on the plight of the people in the Agency areas but there was no response. \"We know kidnapping someone is not the solution to people's problems. But we resort to abductions to instill fear among irresponsible officials,\" he explained.Curiously, a naxal faction condemned the politics of abduction by Maoists. \"It is wrong to kidnap officials,\" CPI(ML) Liberation general secretary Dipankar Bhattacharya said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12993301", "title": "Censor test awaits Gabbar Singh", "text": "The producers of Gabbar Singh are confident of clearing the censor formalities without much ado. The movie is scheduled for a censor review tomorrow (May 5). The movie is scheduled to hit the theaters next week. With the music composed by Devi Sri Prasad topping the charts there is a lot of hype surrounding the movie and Pawan Kalyan fans across the state are waiting for the movie with great expectations. Ganesh Babu is producing the movie on Parameswara Arts Banner, and is planning a huge release worldwide. Expect the Gabbar Singh paranoia to set in this week leading up to the release.Source: way2movies.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12990073", "title": "Sidewalks sidelined in 11, 12 number market areas", "text": "BHOPAL: If you think that bigger markets of Bhopal like New Market, 10 No. market and Bittan market suffer from lack of pavements, one need not look far. A couple of hundred paces away, smaller but crowded market like 11 No. and the next stop present an equally dismal picture. Here, the authorities seem to have cleanly forgotten about footpaths.Once 10 No. market was considered the end of the Arera Colony. Later, when development gathered pace, not much thought was given to planning the area. Consequently, hardly any infrastructural development took place in this part of the city.There are no pavements on either side of the road stretching from 10 No. road square to 11 No. bus stop and further towards 12 No. stop making it difficult for people to walk on the entire stretch. The narrow roads and encroachment by shopkeepers barely leave space for pedestrians to walk.The Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) has no plans to either develop a parking space or a pavement for the convenient walk of the passengers. \"These are residential complexes. Since there is a lot of congestion here, any further development is not practically possible. We can only hope there are some changes in the upcoming master plan,\" BMC PRO Virendra Tiwari told TOI.It is difficult to walk with vendors, shopkeepers and parked vehicles occupying half the road, said Umesh Jain, a resident of 11 No. bus stop.\"There is no management here. The civic body bothers about the main roads and important places of the city. Nobody seems to care about these pockets of the city,\" said RK Mishra, a businessman.Haphazardly parked vehicles in front of the shops due to lack of parking space has made walkers' life miserable.The haphazard parking in front of shops leads to frequent traffic jams here, heightening risks of road accident, said Rajiv Verma, a resident of 12 No.With heavy vehicles like low-floor buses plying on the 50 feet wide road, crossing roads for walkers has become quite risky. There are more than 500 commercial establishments in the 11 number and 12 number markets.It is heavily crowded as residents of the extended region of Arera Colony depend on these markets for their daily needs, said Rajni Tewari, another resident of 11 No. area.Shopkeepers complain that lack of planning and absence of footpaths led to chaotic condition in the area all through the day. Roadside kiosks and handcarts also add to walkers 'woes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12989847", "title": "Kingfisher Airlines resumes Bangalore-Hubli service", "text": "HUBLI: Kingfisher Airlines resumed its services between Hubli and Bangalore with changed timings from May 1. The services were called off a month ago due to various reasons.Kingfisher is operating two flights from Hubli Airport to Bangalore and Mumbai. Only Kingfisher is providing air service to Bangalore and Mumbai from Hubli, a commercial hub. Many people travel to Bangalore and Mumbai frequently for business purposes from here. Earlier each flight with a seating capacity of 70 was operated from here with 70 per cent of traffic.K M Basavaraj, director, Hubli Airport, told TOI that Kingfisher Airlines, which had cancelled their service between Hubli to Bangalore for a month, resumed it on May 1 with changed timings. The service was called off for some time as the flight was sent for routine maintenance, he said.However, services between Hubli and Mumbai continued from the airport. Vivian Fernandes, manager, Kingfisher Airlines, Hubli, said about 30 to 35 passengers travel by Kingfisher flight every day from Hubli to Bangalore.Timings have been changed for the convenience of people. The flight will leave for Bangalore from Hubli at 11.55am. It will start from Hubli to Bangalore on Tuesday and Saturday at 1.55pm, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "12992981", "title": "SL cricket selector Amal Silva leaves panel", "text": "COLOMBO: Sri Lanka's national selection committee member Amal Silva has quit the panel citing personal reasons.\"I sent in my resignation to the minister of sports,\" Silva told reporters on Thursday.Silva, who played nine Tests in the mid 1980s as a left handed opening batsman and wicketkeeper, has served the national selection panel in two separate stints.Sri Lanka Cricket officials said sports minister Mahindananda Aluthgamage would appoint Silva's successor as soon as possible to team up with the rest of the selectors-- Asantha de Mel, Don Anurasiri and Hemantha Wickremaratne.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12988868", "title": "Auditor attempts suicide in Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: A Chennai-based auditor attempted to commit suicide by slitting his throat in a city hotel room on Thursday. He is now undergoing treatment at the Annal Gandhi Memorial Government Hospital in Trichy.Suriyanarayanan (45), an auditor from Madipakkam in Chennai checked in at a hotel near the district collectorate. On Thursday afternoon, the hotel staff reportedly received a call from one Sambasivam from Trichy who informed them that Suriyanarayanan was struggling for his life and asked them to admit him to hospital. When the staff rushed to the hotel room, they found Suriyanarayanan lying in a pool of blood. The immediately took him to the hospital where he is undergoing critical care treatment.The police rushed to the hospital and made inquiries with the victim. Police said that he informed his relative Sambasivam about his extreme decision and slit his throat.Initial investigation also revealed that he is a native of Trichy but shifted to Chennai 15 years back. Suriyanarayanan also said that he informed his mother Annapoorani in Trichy and his brother-in-law Sambasivam before he took this extreme step.Based on a complaint from his mother Annapoorani , the police registered a case . Meanwhile, he was shifted to a private hospital where he was operated upon. The police have also informed his wife Sangeetha about the incident, who reached Trichy on Thursday night. His wife told police that he was upset for the past three days but there was no dispute in the family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mugello", "code": "12991623", "title": "Force India complete mid-season testing", "text": "MUGELLO: Sahara Force India had a busy day on the track, checking out aero balance and tyre compounds on the third and final day of the mid-season testing.Paul Di Resta and Nico Hulkenberg shared the VJM05 for the final day of running. While Di Resta completed 34 laps, Hulkenberg was on the track for 55 laps.\"It was a much better day and good to get a reasonable number of laps in the car in dry conditions. We had a busy programme focussing on aero data collection this morning, aero balance and general performance work. The data we have seems encouraging and I think that we are well prepared for Barcelona,\" Di Resta said.\"I think we have learned quite a lot today and it's a good way to end the test with a busy afternoon. There was a lot to get through, but the main priority was on understanding the car we have here and making sure we feel ready for Barcelona. There's a lot of data to go through before we get there and we also have to look at how the different tyre compounds behaved, but overall I'm pleased with the day's work,\" added Hulkenberg.Team's Chief Engineer Jakob Andreasen said he was pleased with how things panned out for the outfit.\"After a tricky start to the week I'm pleased that we have ended the test with a full day of running. The focus this morning was on aero work and we fitted several devices to the car, which allowed us to collect the most important data to continue our assessment of the latest car developments,\" he said.\"Later in the day we moved towards set-up work, running new sets of the medium and hard tyres and extracting performance from the car.\"Before we leave Mugello I would like to thank everyone in the team for their efforts over the last few days to ensure we were able to complete the main items on our job list. It puts us in a good position as we head to Barcelona for next week's Spanish Grand Prix,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12988159", "title": "Solid state interlocking work completed", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The work of Solid State Interlocking has been completed at Achalda station in the Kanpur-Tundla section coming under North Central Railway. As a result, all indoor and outdoor signalling at the station have been replaced with the installation of Solid State Interlocking system.In addition to this, 9.1 kms SSI (Solid State Interlocking) based automatic signalling has also been introduced in Achalda-Samhon section replacing conventional absolute block signalling. The commissioning was smoothly executed under the supervision of deputy chief signalling and telecommunications engineer IRPMU (Indian Railways Project Management Unit)/Kanpur Sarvesh Singh, and Chief Project Manager Puneet Chawla.Achalda station panel interlocking was of 1978, more than 30 years old and was long overdue for replacement. The replacement of 34 years old signalling gears has enhanced safety and reliability in train operations.The automatic signalling in the 9.1 Kms stretch between Achalda-Samhon has been provided with 7 semi-automatic signals in up direction and 6 semi-auto signals in the down direction, meaning thereby that 7 trains in up and 6 trains in down direction can now run in section Achalda-Samhon against 2 trains earlier.Introduction of shunting facilities on main line starters have increased routes to 28 from 22 earlier.The non-interlocked mid-section level corssing gates 14, 15 and 16 of Achalda-Samhon section have been interlocked using Electric Lifting barriers and facility of automatic warning and locking of gates from a distance of 4 Kms by approaching train, thereby enhancing safety and operational ease.Automatic feature provided on main line signals will now enable the station master to run trains without any operation. All signalling operations now done by station master through computer by click of mouse.The indications of all signalling gears under control of the station master, including that of the auto section, under control of Station are available on VDU ( Visual Display Unit)provided with assistant station master. This enables him to know of any eventualities in the section, which were otherwise not known. Further, all the signals have been provided with LED which provides high visibility, long life, less power consumption, possibility of 'no light' does not exist.All the conventional power supply has been replaced by more reliable Integrated Power supply (IPS).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12988875", "title": "Denied money for booze, father throws kids into well in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: A man killed his six-year-old son when his wife refused to give him money for alcohol. The incident occurred in Sambakulam village in Thirunagar police limits on the outskirts of Madurai on Thursday.Sundar Rajan from Sambakulam threw his two children in a farm well after his wife Jayachithra denied him money for alcohol. The couple had a six-year-old son Arun and daughter Sangavi (4). Sundar Rajan was an alcoholic and the family was supported by the meagre income of Jayachitra, who was enrolled in the MGREGA scheme.Sundar Rajan used to pester his wife for money for alcohol which caused a lot of domestic strife. On Thursday morning, the couple picked up a quarrel again as Sundar Rajan demanded money, which she denied. Enraged, he threatened to kill the children but she ignored him and left the children at an anganwadi before leaving to work. Around 10.30 am, he picked up his children from the anganwadi and took them to a nearby farm. Upon reaching the farm well, he threw both into the well and fled the spot. Villagers who observed him taking his children and returning back empty handed suspected something amiss and rushed to the farm. By that time, the boy drowned in the well and the girl child was battling for life on a pole in the well. The villagers saved the girl and the dead body of the boy was fished out from the well later.Thirunagar police rushed to the spot and recovered the boy's body and sent it for postmortem. Police sources at Thirunagar said the man had committed the crime when he was denied money for alcohol.The rage caused by alcoholism had pushed him to the extreme act of killing his own children.Police are on a lookout for Sundar who is absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12989938", "title": "Calls against graft flood Sakaala line", "text": "BANGALORE: Corruption is so deep-rooted in government offices that citizens just wait for an opportunity to air their grievances. Sakaala, a service established to streamline governance and abolish middlemen, seems to have become an outlet for citizens to air their grievances against corruption. The helpline - 080-44554455 - received 23,000 calls during its first month of operation.Operators at the helpline say more than 50% of these calls were about corruption in conduct of surveys, issue of khatas and birth certificates, and acquisition of land - matters not covered under Sakaala.\"A lot of citizens complain about compensation not paid for land acquired by the government, about delay in conducting surveys, and even about pension not being paid. In most cases, people complain about bribes being demanded,\" they say.The Sakaala helpline, a service established to streamline governance, receives many calls seeking help in getting and transferring khatas. Ironically, these services don't come under Sakaala, but issuance of khata extracts does.'' We only listen to them and note down their woes. They do not come under the purview of this service,'' the operators informed TOI.Most calls are made on Mondays and Fridays, the operators said.'' There was a call by a 40-year-old person who wanted to apply for a passport but did not have a birth certificate. Issuance of birth certificates does not come under Sakaala. In this case, the applicant should file an affidavit before a civil court seeking approval for a birth certificate. The caller complained about the bribe he was asked to pay, but we could not do much about it,'' said an officer working with the helpline.Shalini Rajneesh, principal secretary, Department of Personnel and Administrative Reform, denies corruption-related calls are as high as 50%. Among 150 calls, about 25 calls are not related to Sakaala. '' Some of them are complaints against corruption.One such case was reported recently, and we brought it to the notice of authorities concerned,\" she said.Rajneesh refused to state the percentage of corruption-related calls the helpline receives.\"It is true Sakaala is yet to touch upon some crucial areas like pension and khata issuance. Such services will be added to the basket in the coming months. This is just the beginning. Sakaala is an evolving scheme, and some services will be added to it,\" she said.What is Sakaala?Sakaala is a scheme under the Karnataka Guarantee of Services to Citizens System Act to deliver 151 services of different departments within a stipulated time limit. It was introduced across Karnataka on April 1. The scheme is aimed at rooting out corruption in government offices.Times ViewWhen the Lokayukta was in its heyday, it used to be flooded with complaints about corruption - just as the Sakaala helpline is today. With the corruption watchdog in decline, citizens seem to think the helpline is a way to report harassment and demands for bribe. They may be technically wrong in doing so, for Sakaala is about timely delivery of government services. But the government should not, ostrich-like, ignore complaints received on the helpline. Rather it should take a cue and devise an alternative mechanism for reporting corruption in government offices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "12988729", "title": "Thieves melted Ganesh gold idol stolen from Diveagar", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Shocked and angry as the stolen gold Ganesh idol from Diveagar temple had been badly damaged by robbers, devotees are now demanding a new idol to be installed inside the temple.Raigad superintendent of police R D Shinde said, \"The robbers, who stole the 1.5kg gold idol from the temple on March 24, melted the metal with the help of two goldsmiths. The police have managed to recover the gold.\"While four of the accused, including the two main robbers, have been arrested following a massive manhunt by the Maharashtra police, the two other s more persons involved in this sensational temple robbery are still on the run.Two temple guards at Diveagar were also killed by the robbers, who had broken in from the roof to steal the idol.On Thursday, Diveagar residents and the temple trustees held a meeting at the temple to discuss on what steps should be taken, now that the original idol had been damaged.\"By Sunday, it will become clear whether a new gold idol will be installed at the temple or an idol made of some other material is to be placed here,\" said a resident. A Pune-based merchant had announced that he would donate a silver idol to the Diveagar temple. However, this offer was rejected on Thursday. Now, the devotees are anxiously waiting for the big decision to be taken on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12989518", "title": "Power cuts for domestic sector lifted", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a major relief, power cuts for the domestic sector that were imposed across the state in February were completely lifted on Thursday. \"We are supplying 24 hours power to villages and municipalities with effect from Thursday,\" announced APTransco chairman and managing director Ajay Jain.Power supply restrictions imposed on small and medium industries were also withdrawn with immediate effect. However, restrictions on heavy industries and ferro alloy units will continue for another fortnight. The power position for major industries would be reviewed after May 20 as the demand is expected to come down further, Ajay Jain told TOI.The power demand in the state dwindled drastically from May 1, indicating the end of rabi season. Agriculture sector uses about 26 to 28% of the total power and during rabi season, the demand from the farm sector further increases to 30%.The daily demand which had hovered around 13,000 MW in March and April came down to 10,500 MW on May 1. On Thursday, the demand slightly increased to reach 10,750 MW. \"But we are anticipating an increase in domestic consumption due to the use of air-conditioners in summer. The domestic sector consumes about 30% of the total power generated and in summer it is expected to reach 35%,\" said A Chandrasekar Reddy, member secretary of Energy Coordination Cell.APTransco has asked the four discoms to withdraw all restrictions imposed on the small and medium industries from Friday. The move comes as a major relief as the industrial sector was forced to take frequent power holidays from December due to severe power shortage. More than three lakh small and medium units across the state threatened to close their units to protest the two-day power holiday imposed along with the regular weekly power shutdown. This had forced the state government to spend a steep amount in buying RLNG from Gail to continue the supply for small and medium industries in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12988016", "title": "Gurgaon bus service undergoes trial run", "text": "GURGAON: A trial run of the city bus service was conducted on two routes on Thursday. Sources said the formal inauguration may happen only on Saturday.The trial runs were started after a two-day route survey and subsequent modifications in them. The routes have been shortened to increase the frequency as well as financial viability of buses.On Thursday, trial runs were conducted on two routes - IMT Manesar to Karol Bagh and bus stand to Kendriya Vihar. Sources said the exercise would help in rectifying technical glitches, if any, in the buses as well as to spread awareness of the service among commuters.However, as people did not know about the service, the response was not too good on the first day. A separate duty inspector has been deputed for the bus service hose job will be to give drivers and conductors their duty rosters. Sources said there was also an expansion plan of the service in the pipeline. If implemented, there would be seven routes and 100 buses altogether. Currently, the service will have four routes and 50 buses.The frequency of the buses will range from 15 minutes to 45 minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12989076", "title": "Government gets high court nod to remove Sesa dump", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa has allowed the state government to go ahead with the National Environmental Engineering Research Institute's report \"for removal and relocation of a mining dump in Face 1 of Sesa Goa's mine at Advalpal\".The government submitted the 'minutes of order' of a meeting held with Sesa Goa, NGO Goa Foundation, Indian Bureau of Mines, Goa State Pollution Control Board and the Union ministry of mines.The meeting was held to discuss the issue of removing waste dumped along the Advalpal nullah allegedly by the mining firm.Accepting the minutes, the division bench of Justice A P Lavande and Justice U V Bakre directed Sesa Goa to pay costs incurred by NEERI for carrying out the study.The bench is hearing a petition filed by Vishwa Gaonkar that alleges non-compliance by Sesa Goa of an earlier HC order directing the firm to remove the dump within a timeframe.In December 2010, NEERI prepared a detailed study on the removal and relocation of Sesa Goa's overburdened dump at Orasso Dongor iron ore mine. This report was accepted by all parties as per the government's 'minutes of order'.The minutes noted that the NEERI study has also been approved by the Regional Controller of Mines in its report on January 23, 2012.During the meeting, Goa Foundation suggested several measures for back filling and closure of 'Face 1'. It was agreed, at the meeting, that these suggestions would be forwarded to NEERI for consideration and implementation.It was also agreed that NEERI would give Goa Foundation and Sesa Goa a personal hearing in this regard.NEERI will also prepare a scheme for backfilling and closure of 'Face 1' in a fixed timeframe and submit the scheme to the high court before September 30, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "bathinda", "code": "12989305", "title": "15 injured as school bus hits road divider, overturns on Bathinda-Malout road", "text": "BATHINDA: Fifteen students of Sanawar Public School were injured on Thursday morning when the bus they were travelling in hit a road divider on Bathinda-Malout road near Kali Mata temple and overturned. Such was the impact of the collision that it brought down three lampposts.The bus had 36 students inside when it met with the accident. The injured were rushed to hospital by workers of NGO Sahara Jan Sewa. While seven students with minor injuries were administered medical aid, eight others were admitted to civil hospital.The students claimed that the bus was being driven at high speed and collided with the divider when the driver attempted to overtake a tractor trolley.\"A case has been registered against bus driver Jagdeep Singh under various sections of IPC for negligence and rash driving. He is absconding but we'll find him,\" said Jagdish Lal, SHO, Thermal police station, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12987770", "title": "Cops told to keep vigil on Naxals in Melghat", "text": "AMRAVATI: Following upswing in Naxal activities in Vidarbha region in the recent past, the state government has ordered forces to increase vigil in the dense forest areas of Melghat region in Amravati district.Police officials of Chikhaldara and Dharni police stations in Melghat convened a meeting in which officials discussed various aspects of possible Naxalism.Melghat region, which is infamous for malnutrition and infant deaths, has seen a spurt in Naxal activities in the recent past.Sources said that after abduction of Sukma collector Alex Paul Menon, the government has given written instruction to the state police department to keep an eye on Naxal movement to ensure safety of VIPs and their families.When contacted, Superintendent of Police, S Jaikumar said there was general instruction from the government to keep watch on the Maoists' movement.Sources said that the issue of working of NGOs in Melghat was also discussed in the meeting. However, when asked if NGOs in Melghat are under scanner, Jaikumar denied it.\"We have not targeted any person or NGO. However, we have to ensure that nobody uses the garb of an NGO and does any anti-social work. We have alerted the information sources. We have also asked other departments to provide information about the same. Till now we have not noticed any Naxal movement in Melghat\", said Jaikumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12987253", "title": "Rs 132 crore excise duty recovered", "text": "PUNE: The regional unit of director general of the central excise intelligence has recovered duty worth Rs 132.44 crore through its investigations.Some of the automobile units trying to evade the taxes were caught by the excise intelligence, said a release issued by the department here on Thursday. The Pune unit recovered excise duty worth Rs 112.88 crore and Rs 19.56 crore worth of service tax in the financial year 2011-12. According to the statement, the department could detect under-valuation of automobiles to evade excise duty.Apart from automobile companies, units producing cement, sugar and steel manufacturers were also caught by the intelligence unit and excise duty was recovered from them, said the statement.In service tax, major recoveries are from manpower supplier, commercial coaching or training institutes, erection and commissioning agencies and providers of business auxiliary services among others. The average annual detection of cases by the Pune regional unit ranges from Rs 200 crore to Rs 250 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12989139", "title": "Delhi official meets Bengal chief secretary, talks Teesta", "text": "KOLKATA: Ahead of the visit of US secretary of state, Hillary Clinton, the Centre is taking keen interest in discussing the Teesta water sharing agreement with the Bengal government.Dhruv Vijay Singh, secretary in the ministry of water resources, had called on Bengal chief secretary Samar Ghosh at Writers' Buildings on Thursday, and the meeting is being considered important in the current context. \"The Teesta issue was discussed,\" Ghosh said refusing to divulge further details.Significantly, Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee is scheduled to visit the neighbouring country this week.While the issues discussed in the meeting between Singh and Ghosh are being kept under the wraps, sources said that the final call on the water sharing is going to be taken by none other than chief minister Mamata Banerjee. It is likely to figure in her meeting with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in New Delhi on Friday. Mamata is already in New Delhi on a four-day visit.In recent times, chief minister Mamata Banerjee is said to be taking a relatively liberal stance on the Teesta water sharing issue.She is said to have reservations about the 50:50 water sharing with Bangladesh. Mamata reportedly is more in favour of sharing 25% water. Sources said the Centre wants to request her to accept a 60:40 deal. But officials said if Mamata remains rigid, Bangladesh might have to agree on accepting 30% of Teesta water.Experts said that a policy on use of water during lean period has to be formulated. Therefore, there is a strong opinion among experts that an initial agreement be made for a short period, and depending on the mutual trust between the two countries, a long-term agreement can be worked out.All this has assumed significance especially because there are speculations that Hillary Clinton is likely to take up the Teesta water sharing agreement during the meeting with Mamata Banerjee on Monday.Clinton is coming to Kolkata from Bangladesh after meeting Sheikh Hasina and it is expected that the Bangla leadership would discuss their biggest problem with India - the Teesta issue.The chief minister backed out from accompanying a delegation to Bangladesh with Manmohan Singh in September 2011 and the water sharing deal could not be worked out.Water is a state subject and without the Bengal chief minister's consent, the pact cannot be signed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12987532", "title": "Two fall to tricksters in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: Tricksters have taken the art of conning people to new heights. On Friday, the city police received complaints from two different people who were victims of different methods being used by them.In the first case, a 29-year-old woman was duped by a godman of Rs 65,000 and, in the other, a bank employee was cheated of Rs 25,000 by a fraudster who promised to get a job for his son.Sakshi (name changed on complainant's request), who had lodged a complaint at Sadar police station, said that she came to know about the godman through an advertisement she saw in a train. The poster displayed a mobile number asking people to call to solve their problems.When Sakshi dialled the number, a person identifying himself as Thakur Rajendra Singh first spoke to her and he was followed by another person called Pasababa. Since then, whenever Sakshi would call, Singh and Pasababa would ask her to deposit cash in either ICICI or State Bank of India .Till April 20, Sakshi deposited Rs 65,000. She realized that she had been cheated when the two soon started disconnecting her calls. The cops have registered a case. Police said that they are trying to trace number.In the other case, Anandrao Shende was busy with his work in a private bank at Dhantoli when a person named Mansur Khan approached him to open an account. Khan said that he had got selected in Nagpur district office and wanted to deposit Rs 2 lakh in the account.Khan told Shende that there are many vacant posts in the district office and assured him of providing job to any of his relatives. Shende recommended his son's name. As instructed by Khan, Shende gave his son Rs 25,000 to get a DD made. Khan then asked Shende's son to stand at the counter and fled with the cash. The Dhantoli police registered a case. Khan is absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "12988185", "title": "Caught cheating in exam, student attempts suicide", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: A B.Tech student attempted to commit suicide by jumping off the fourth floor of an engineering institute after being caught cheating in an exam by the checking squad. The student has been admitted in a private hospital in Greater Noida.Police said the student, Narender Kumar, sat for the exam in IIMT college on Wednesday at 2.30pm. After half an hour, a flying squad conducted a raid and reportedly caught him cheating. \"He requested the squad members to leave him and he would not cheat again. Considering his plea, the squad canceled his answer sheet and issued him another one. After the exam, he went to the fourth floor and jumped off,\" said a senior police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12987392", "title": "5-yr-old girl, techie killed in separate accidents", "text": "PUNE: A five-year-old girl and a 24-year-old software engineer were killed in separate accidents in the city on Wednesday.In the first incident, which took place near Chandani Chowk, Warje, around 6.45pm, five-year-old Komal Kailas Gawli from Paithan taluka in Aurangabad was killed after she was knocked down by a speeding motorcycle. Komal was crossing the Katraj-Dehuroad bypass along with her mother and two other children when the accident took place.The Warje Malwadi police have arrested Tejas Pravin Kacha (21) of Karvenagar for negligent driving. Kacha also sustained injuries in the accident.Speaking to TOI, sub-inspector with Warje Malwadi police A K Jarkad said, Komal had come to her maternal uncle's house for the vacations.\"On Wednesday evening, while crossing the road Komal let go of her mother's hand and Kacha, who was speeding, knocked her down. Kacha, too, was injured as he fell off the bike while attempting to avoid the accident,\" Jarkad said adding that Komal was rushed to a nearby private hospital where the doctors declared her dead on arrival.\"Kacha was a painter in an automobile workshop,\" Jarkad said.In the second case, a hit-and-run accident, that took place on Wednesday night, at Bopodi on Pune-Mumbai highway, software engineer Shrihari Bajirao Kakad, who was residing at Khadki but belonged to Sangamner in Ahmednagar, was killed after the motorcycle he was riding was knocked down by a speeding truck.Assistant police inspector with the Khadki police R S Kadu said the incident took place around 10.45pm, when Kakad was on his way to Sangvi to meet his friend. \"When Kakad reached Bopodi, a truck, which was attempting to overtake, hit his motorcycle,\" Kadu said.Kakad fell off the bike and died on the spot. \"Kakad was not wearing a helmet,\" he said adding, \"The truck driver fled from the spot after the incident.\"Kakad was working in a software company in Pune, Kadu said. Kakad's brother Uday has lodged a complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12989610", "title": "Young Indians take deaf children on industrial visit", "text": "LUDHIANA: The students of Deaf Cricket Federation (DCF) enjoyed a special visit to the Akal Spring Limited, an auto component manufacturing unit, in Focal Point area. The visit was organised by The Young Indians (YI), Ludhiana Chapter, an integral part of Confederation of Indian Industry (CII).Accompanied by DCF general secretary Padam Passi, 20 students visited the plant. Young Indians Co Chairman and director of Akal Spring Limited Sifti Riat said the visit aimed at giving students an exposure to different processes involved in the working of the plant. The students were excited to learn about the employment opportunities for them at such plants, said Riat.YI member Amit Juneja said a similar visit was conducted by the Young Indians in March to Hero EcoTech Limited, after which a few students with hearing difficulties had got jobs in the company. DCF students' visit to Akal Spring Limited was the second initiative from YI, Ludhiana chapter, under its vertical- Learning and Employability.\"I am hopeful even this trip would help some of the students to get jobs in the plant,'' added Juneja.MD of the company Sandeep Riat, who is also the CII chairperson for Ludhiana zonal council, interacted with the students.The Young Indians, Ludhiana chapter, includes young progressive residents between 25 and 40 years of age from different walks of life, including entrepreneurs, professionals, and achievers from different walks of life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12987511", "title": "Repeal Medical University Act 2002: Teachers", "text": "LUCKNOW: Teacher's association of Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University (CSMMU) have urged the state government to repeal CSMMU Act 2002 to become a medical college affiliated to University of Lucknow as was the case in 2002.In a representation given to UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on April 23, the association said that the institute across the world is known as King George's Medical College. However, the previous state government renamed it Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University (CSMMU). The status of the dental university too was scrapped and was made part of CSMMU.The CSMMU teachers association said that people from outside were posted as vice-chancellor in the university. The association alleged that the VCs harassed the doctors leading to their exit from the university. As on date, some 80-90 doctors are seeking no-objection certificate from the institute, so that they can leave.The letter also alleges financial anomalies by university higher-ups over a period of time.\"This has only hampered the university, which has been offering its services to the poor. Even the research work has been a casualty,\" said president of the association, Dr AK Vaish.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12992357", "title": "Films releasing this Friday", "text": "Theaters in Kollywood are gearing up with 3 straight Tamil films and two dubbing films releasing on the first Friday of this May.Balaji Sakthivel's Crime-Thriller Vazhakku Enn 18/9, V M Shravanan directed Gaandham, and J. S. Manimaran's Paramaguru are the three staright Tamil films releasing today [May 4th]. While Sada starrer Click 3 and Jakamma are the two dubbing films seeing the day light today.Balaji Sakthivel has directed Vazhakku Enn 18/9 casting Mithun Murali, Sri, Urmila Mahanta and Manisha Yadav in the leads. Director Lingusamy's Thirupathi Brothers and UTV Motion Pictures have jointly produced this Crime-Thriller that has music by R. Prasanna and cinematography is by S.D. Vijay Milton while Gopi Krishna has handled the editing department.V M Shravanan directed Gaandham is a comedy flick that casts Tej and Rachana in the lead roles. Paramaguru is the other Tamil film releasing today that has story, screenplay, dialogues and direction by J. S. Manimaran, who also played the lead role pairing opposite with Srija. Paramaguru is the story of two friends who get separated and the movie showcases the play of the friends eventually uniting along with the people of two villages.Source: Way2movies.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12989916", "title": "In FIR, police say Loitam was punched", "text": "BANGALORE: In a major step towards cracking the Richard Loitam case, police filed an FIR saying the architecture student from Manipur was found dead in his hostel room on April 17, a day after he was beaten and punched by two of his hostel mates, Vishal Banerjee and Syed Afzal Ali.All three were students of Acharya NRV School of Architecture, Chikkabanavara, off Tumkur Road, and residents of the college hostel at Madanayakanahalli nearby. Loitam, 19, was a 2nd-semester student.The move came even as the Forensic Sciences Laboratory submitted a report on chemical analysis of the student's visceral samples. Police said they have forwarded the report to Victoria Hospital, where histopathological tests on Loitam's body parts are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12989991", "title": "60 Hollywood flicks to rock silver screen", "text": "INDORE: Here's the good news for Hollywood movie buffs in state! Sixteen hollywood movies, including, Dr Suess, The Avengers , Men in Black III and Prometheus, will hit the screen across the state by the end of June. Interestingly, there would be close to 60 Hollywood releases by the end of this year.Enthused over the encouraging box office collection by Titanic 3D, which raked in Rs 33 lakh from box offices in the state alone, the theatres in the state are now gearing up to release more Hollywood flicks. Titanic 3D was released in three exhibition properties in the state including Broadway (Indore), PVR-Treasure Island Mall (Indore) and Fun Cinemas (Bhopal).The theatres will, however, have to adopt 2K technology without which they would not be able to screen these films. Each 2K screen would cost around Rs 50-60 lakh. \"We have to pay a minimum amount of Rs 20,000 per film to the producers for showing Hollywood films on those platforms,\" Jitendra Jain, vice president (Madhya Pradesh), Film Federation of India, said.While UFO-sponsored Scrabble has adopted DCI for installation of 2K technology, Zee-owned E-City has gone for Barco for the same. Ranjit Thakur, CEO, Scrabble Entertainment, said the response from theater owners in the state has been quite encouraging . Overall, the experience is fantastic, Thakur said.Disclosing his company's expansion plan in the state, Thakur said they have now expanded their reach to Bhopal with Sangham theatre, the first single-screen to adapt to 2K technology. The owners are quite ecstatic due to the responses from patrons who loved 3D depth of Titanic.Vishal Gupta, an executive of E-City in Indore, said they are busy installing 2K technology on Barco platform on the screens with whom they have already tied up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12986954", "title": "Heartbreak for Pune as Mumbai sneak home by a run", "text": "PUNE: On a slow, tricky wicket, cricketing skills have to confront a very different challenge. Team Mumbai knew that the Pune strip would test them after winning the toss and choosing to bat. But even they could not have imagined that they would manage only 120-9 after being 42 for no loss in six overs. However, it remained a difficult wicket to bat during the chase too.Scorecard | Watch IPL Highlights | Match in PicsTeam Pune struggled after being 47-4 inside 10 overs and needing 45 off last five with six wickets in hand. The hosts needed 12 in the final overs to win but could manage only 10 to lose by a heartbreaking one run.Mithun Manhas, a veteran of 124 first-class matches with around 7,500 runs, rode luck and pluck to score 42 off 34 balls to keep Pune in the game after the top order failed. But Bhuvneshwar Kumar could not hit the required four off the last ball by Munaf Patel. He could score only two at deep mid-wicket as Mumbai scored a thrilling in front of a boisterous crowd.Bhuvneshwar had hit a four over extra-cover off the penultimate ball to raise hopes of a win. The equation turned to 36 off 4 overs, 27 off 3, 16 off 2 and 12 off 1. Malinga conceded four in the 19th. And despite Munaf conceding 10 in the last, Mumbai got a heart-stopping win.Robin Uthappa and Michael Clarke were given out lbw but doubts remained if the balls would have hit the stumps. And when left-arm spinner Pragyan Ojha beat Steven Smith in the air, the battle was on. Sourav Ganguly (16 off 24) was cleaned by Malinga to end his 47-run stand with Manhas and Parnell was plucked at point.The full house enjoyed a stirring contest between the bat and ball and even applauded the dot balls (68 in Mumbai innings, 66 in Pune's). The win took Mumbai to third in the standings with 12 points.Earlier, Tendulkar top-scored with 35 off 34 in the Mumbai innings, showing patience and skill on a difficult pitch. But left-arm paceman Ashish Nehra bowled an inspired spell, taking two wickets and bowling nine dot balls in three overs. His spell of 3-0-5-2 after conceding 14 runs in his first over once again underlined his brilliant but often unpredictable ways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "12988813", "title": "NCP corporator \u2018beats up\u2019 senior civic body official officer", "text": "THANE: An assistant municipal commissioner of the Thane Municipal Corporation (TMC) was allegedly assaulted and abused in his office by NCP corporator Manohar Salvi on Thursday after he refused to heed the latter's request to ignore illegal structures at Manisha Nagar in Kalwa.Ghanshyam Thorat, in-charge of the area, had ordered the demolition of unauthorized structures in the area. Salvi had reportedly told Thorat to turn a blind eye to the illegal structures as they were allegedly being built by his supporters.Thorat's refusal to toe the line is believed to have irked the corporator, who allegedly charged into his office on Thursday and slapped and threatened him with dire consequences, according to a police complaint filed by the civic official. An FIR has been registered.Salvi denied that he had slapped and abused the TMC official. He said he went to meet Thorat to complain that the area's sanitation and cleanliness were being ignored.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12990168", "title": "FIR against ex-minister for duping cricketers", "text": "LUCKNOW: Police on Thursday lodged an FIR against Lalji Verma, the former cabinet minister in the Mayawati government and a blue-eyed boy of the Bahujan Samaj Party supremo for allegedly duping aspiring cricketers of thousands of rupees in the name of a bogus cricket tournament. Two others have also been accused in the FIR. The former minister is said to be the chief patron of the Uttar Pradesh Premier League. The case was registered after a group of young cricketers appeared before chief minister Akhilesh Yadav during the Janta Darbar on Wednesday and narrated how the idea of UPPL, on the lines of Indian Premier League was floated through a website and players were asked to deposit between Rs 20,000 to Rs 25,000 per head. The League was supposed to be held at Lucknow last week.When the League actually took off, the young cricketers say it was worse than the 'gully' cricket.\"Except a bat and ball, there was nothing available for the practice. At the time of filing up the forms, we were assured that we will be provided with the kits, lodging and food. But, when we reached here, we found there was nothing at all in place that could suggest that a league is being held at the venue. The worst part is that when we tried to contact the organisers, they simply threatened us to keep mum or face the consequences,\" said Sanjeev, a native of Ghazipur and one of the 50 cricketers, who claimed to have paid money. \"Trials were held almost seven months back and even at that time, we were asked to deposit 50% of the fee by the organisers. We were charged another Rs 500 for camps,\" said a young cricketer playing for the Den XI Allahabad. \"I was forced to pay Rs 6,000 in advance. The rest was paid to Rizvi on Friday. We all have been assured that at the end of the tournament, 16 cricketers would be sent to England for T20 matches, but after reaching the state capital, we found that everything is bogus,\" said another youngster.DIG Lucknow, Ashutosh Pandey said that a case has been registered against the former minister and two of his aides. He said allegations are that the accused had collected Rs 20,000 to Rs 25,000 from scores of sportsmen.However, Verma, who held the portfolios of finance and parliamentary affairs, has denied having any connection with the organisers of the league. \"I have never heard of this organisation and neither have any knowledge of who are the people involved. So, how can I be associated with the event,\" he asked. When asked about the website of the UPPL, which has his photograph as the chief patron apart from the snapshots of the two organisers, he said, \"Anyone can click my picture and put it on the internet. That does not mean that I am with those people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12988909", "title": "Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited pulls up companies over cut cable", "text": "NASHIK: The agencies engaged in the widening of the national highway might have got away without paying any compensation to Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL) for accidently cutting its lines, but the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) thinks otherwise. \"We have shot a letter to Ashoka Buildcon and the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI), seeking compensation and also warning them that such incidents should not occur again,\" a senior official from the company said.On Maharashtra Day, that is, Tuesday, earth moving activity at Rane Nagar along the highway cut off the Parthardi sub-division cable belonging to the MSEDCL, rendering Rane Nagar, Indira Nagar, Wadner, Pathardi and other areas powerless for more than six hours. The company lost more than 34,000 units of business during the period. \"Primarily, we got things right. We took stock of the situation. We have estimated our loss to the tune of Rs 1.78 lakh and we have dashed off a letter to Ashoka Buildcon as well as the NHAI to pay up for the damages,\" an MSEDCL official said.The official added that due to the construction of the highway, the NHAI wanted to shift the cables. \"Quite naturally, since they wanted to shift, they have done all the things that were required and the MSEDCL supervised the job, for which it was given 1.33% as supervision charges. Since they have maps and the idea of where the cables are running along the highway, they should have been cautious while approaching such points,\" the engineer said.On the day of the incident, even MSEDCL officials were unable to fix responsibility for the act. The company was told that it was BSNL officials who were working at the sport, a charge that the telecom company has flatly refuted, especially pointing out the fact that their cables were also in cut around 6.30am.MSEDCL officials were then directed to Larsen &amp; Toubro (L&T;), which redirected them to Ashoka Buildcon. \"We have no time to find out who is responsible in the issue. We therefore shot a letter to Ashoka Buildcon because they were the ones who had sought permission to lay the wires underground instead of overhead lines. A copy of the same letter is being sent to the other two companies as well, and they have been asked to reply at the earliest,\" the official said, adding that the letter also asked the companies to be careful in future so that such accidents do not occur again.Meanwhile, officials from Ashoka Buildcon claimed that they were not working on May 1 as it was Maharashtra Day. \"We were closed on account of the holiday. However, the company has sent us a letter and we will look into the issue,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12989620", "title": "Mughal-Punjabi tadka tickles city's taste buds", "text": "LUDHIANA: Those with a weakness for Mughal and Punjabi cuisine in the city enjoyed various delicacies in a food festival of kebabs and paranthas at a city mall on Ferozepur Road on Thursday.While vegetarians relished dishes like Pakhtooni Paneer Tikka, Malai Brocoli, Tandoori Stuff Mushroom, Chhena aur Anjeer Ke Kebab, Aloo Ki Nazakat, Awadh Ki Sahi Galauti and Dal, the non vegetarians feasted on dishes like Banno Kebab, Bhatti Ki Machhi, Kakori Kebab, Chapli Kebab, Hariyali Machhi and a special dish called Gigabite Leg and Peg. The food festival will conclude on May 16.Gurdev Nagar resident Raj Malhotra said his family has a few members who are mad about trying out different non-veg cuisines while the others are vegetarians. \"So, everyone from my family was satisfied at the food festival. Banno Kebab and Bhatti Ki Machhi were the best non-veg dishes I think,'' said Malhotra.Aggar Nagar resident Shelly Kapoor said the food festival satiated her craving for kebabs of various types. \"It reminded me of my tour to Hyderabad where I had tried almost all available varieties. I liked Hariyali Machhi and Gigabite Leg the most at the festival,'' she added.Executive chef Parveen Chanchal of the restaurant hosting the food festival said along with his team, he dished out mouth watering kebabs. \"People tend to enjoy the Mughal-Punjabi mix cuisine here. There are numerous varieties of paranthas, which people can't resist,'' said Chanchal.Mall general manager Rakesh Rawat said, \"We always strive to give our patrons the best of world cuisine. A pure Punjabi festival we organized during Baisakhi was received well by Ludhianvis and we have only responded with the on going festival.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12992788", "title": "Ganguly comes 'home' as Pune Warriors take on Kolkata Knight Riders", "text": "KOLKATA: Sourav Ganguly's Pune Warriors may have lost four matches in a row but they would find themselves at 'home' as loyalties will be split when they face Kolkata Knight Riders in an emotionally-charged up IPL contest on Saturday.The stakes for the match are high with die-hard Ganguly fans rooting for the contest as a revenge for city's icon after being snubbed by his former franchise following a bitter association for the first three seasons.From celebrities and experts to commoners, everybody is eagerly waiting to see the former India skipper lead the side from the visitor's dressing room at the Eden Gardens, a venue where he grew up as a cricketer.But going by the form book, all is not well for Ganguly's soldiers, while the Knight Riders are on the right track to seal the last-four berth, placed comfortably in the second spot of the IPL ladder.Having lost six of their last seven games with their latest defeat on Thursday to Mumbai Indians, Ganguly and Co. are languishing ahead of bottom-placed Deccan Chargers.But the match at Ganguly's home, aided by the partisan crowd, could give Pune the perfect opportunity to make a comeback.Their defeat by the narrowest of margin -- one run -- at their backyard on Thursday has compounded Ganguly's misery.Chasing a mere 121, Ganguly's creepy-crawly innings meant that Pune slowly made the task difficult even as a well-played Mithun Manhas remained unbeaten at the other end with a doughty 42.Ganguly looked woefully out of sorts in his 12 from 22 balls, unable to earn anything more than the difficult singles.He showed glimpses of old when he lifted Lasith Malinga up for a boundary but only to be bowled in the same over for a 24-ball 16 with the asking rate climbing to nine.But with the never-say-die attitude of the retired India skipper, it remains to be seen how he brings himself out of the rut or think of gracefully leaving the stage with a more capable Aussie skipper Michael Clarke waiting in the wings.Even against Deccan Chargers, a tactical blunder of bringing himself to bowl at the death after leaking 15 runs from his first two overs cost them the match.It's time he rethinks his strategy or rejig his line-up, bringing world-class Bangladeshi batsman Tamim Iqbal in place of Jesse Ryder.Tamim came to the IPL with four consecutive half-centuries in the Asia Cup -- one of them against India -- but was still left out and with the tournament already past the halfway stage, it remains to be seen how the think-tank keeps him to warm the bench ahead of a must win matches.With Ashok Dinda back in business in their last match after recovering from a side strain, bowling should not be of much concern.In sharp contrast is the home camp which is on a four-match winning run with skipper Gautam Gambhir, leading the side by example.Gambhir has shown maturity in batting as well as his captaincy. His gesture of handing over his Man-of-the-Match award to a young Debabrata Das in their last match has earned him a lot of accolades.With 16 needed off 12 chasing 140 in Chennai, the fall of Gambhir after an entertaining 63 had caused a scare following yet another failure of Yusuf Pathan.But Das showed nerves of steel playing the role of a finisher with a four-ball 11 that included two match-winning boundaries.He may have been removed from Team India vice-captaincy, but Gambhir has been in scintillating form leading the Knight Riders to a comfort zone in their pursuit of a play-off berth.The left-hander is easily the Knight Riders' best batsman so far, with 365 runs at 143.70 strike rate in a star-studded batting line-up that is yet to fire though.The likes of Yusuf, with a terrible average of 6.85 at 96.00 strike rate, Jacques Kallis (22.87 at 100.00), Manoj Tiwary (24.83 at 104.92) and Brendon McCullum (13.50 at 97.59) have been dark spots in a side that performed well as a bowling and fielding unit.The spin pair of Iqbal Abdulla and Sunil Narine, together with Rajat Bhatia's slow medium and Brett Lee's sheer pace has done wonders on the tailor-made difficult Eden track.With the dangerous batting line-up they boast of, the Knight Riders have emerged as one of the strong contenders to win the trophy this time.But rain could play spoilsport in the much-anticipated clash. It had been the case here on two previous occasions and the Met forecast been no different this time.Teams (from):Kolkata Knight Riders: Gautam Gambhir (Capt.), Brendon McCullum (wk), Jacques Kallis, Manoj Tiwary, Yusuf Pathan, Debabrata Das, Laxmi Ratan Shukla, Rajat Bhatia, Sunil Narine, Brett Lee, Iqbal Abdulla, Chirag Jani, Iresh Saxena, Jaidev Unadkat, Manvinder Bisla, Pradeep Sangwan, Sanju Samson, Sarabjit Singh Ladda, Mohammad Shami Ahmed, Eoin Morgan, Marchant de Lange, Ryan ten Doeschate and Shakib Al Hasan.Pune Warriors India: Sourav Ganguly (Capt.), Jesse Ryder, Robin Uthappa (wk), Michael Clarke, Steven Smith, Mithun Manhas, Wayne Parnell, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Murali Kartik, Ashish Nehra, Ashok Dinda, Ali Murtaza, Anustup Majumdar, Dheeraj Jadhav, Eklavya Dwivedi, Harpreet Singh, Harshad Khadiwale, Kamran Khan, Krishnakant Upadhyay, Mahesh Rawat, Manish Pandey, Mohnish Mishra, Raiphi Gomez, Rahul Sharma, Sachin Rana, Shrikant Wagh, Alfonso Thomas, Angelo Mathews, Callum Ferguson, Luke Wright and Marlon Samuels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12988052", "title": "Maharashtra Education Board to organise in-service training for teachers from June 1", "text": "NAGPUR: The state education board will be organizing an in-service training session for teachers from June 1 onwards. A public notice issued by the board mentions that those teachers who fall under the 'senior grade' and 'selection grade' will be required to undergo this training.Senior grade includes teachers who have completed 12 years of service and whose work records are satisfactory as per the board norms. These teachers are eligible for moving into a higher pay grade and hence the training is imparted for skill improvement. Training for them will be held in Nagpur from June 1 - 10.For selection grade teachers, there are multiple criteria. The board has asked all teachers concerned to contact their respective education office for details regarding this training session. Training for selection grade teachers will be held from June 1 - 6.While the board has been organizing in-service trainings earlier also, there has been an increase in the intensity of the same. Last year, the board held sessions for teachers (Std IX &amp; X) about changes in syllabus and how to implement it. Newer concepts of teaching were discussed in the sessions where the role of the teacher itself was put under a new perspective. Teachers are now seen as facilitators of knowledge and special trainers were deployed by the board last year to change the older point of view.The syllabus too has undergone changes after being upgraded to CBSE level and that too required training of teachers who were accustomed to a different format. Not only the syllabus but also the question paper pattern has changed where concepts like Higher Order Thinking Skills (HOTS) have been introduced. Teachers were explained about HOTS concept in which students are asked questions that cannot be answered verbatim from text book but some imagination has to be used. The board plans to continue training of teachers on a regular basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "12992263", "title": "No deal in release of Sukma collector: CM, Maoists' mediators", "text": "RAIPUR: Chattisgarh chief minister Raman Singh and the Maoists' mediators on Friday emphatically said there was no secret deal or any quid pro quo between Naxals and the state government behind the release of Sukma collector Alex Paul Menon after he was held hostage for 12 days.A day after he was set free, the 32-year-old IAS officer returned to his Sukma home, about 450 km from the state capital, this morning to an emotional welcome from his pregnant wife Asha and other family members.Menon spent the night at CRPF base camp at Chintalnar before reaching Sukma by helicopter and was brought home under tight security. His mother-in-law offered the traditional 'aarti' before he stepped into his official residence.\"There is no secret deal or any understanding to facilitate the release of Alex Paul Menon,\" Singh told reporters when asked whether there was any understanding between the state government and the rebels to bring to an end the 12-day hostage crisis.At a press conference in Sukma, the two Maoists' mediators--B D Sharma and Prof Hargopal--who facilitated the release of Menon denied any secret deal for the freedom of the Collector.S K Mishra, one of the two Government mediators, also categorically said there was no \"secret deal\" or any \"quid pro quo\" between the two sides.\"Everything is in public domain,\" he said referring to the agreement reached at between the mediators of the state government and the Maoists that paved the way for the release of the official.Under the agreement, the government had agreed to set up a high-powered committee under the chairmanship of Nirmala Buch, one of the two Government mediators, to review the cases of all prisoners languishing in Chattisgarh jails including the cases demanded by the Maoists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12988515", "title": "Tamil Nadu government plans solar parks, eyes 1,000MW in five years", "text": "CHENNAI: As a part of chief minister J Jayalalithaa's vision document, Tamil Nadu government on Thursday proposed to set up solar-powered parks. The proposal aims to generate 1,000MW in the next five years through public-private participation.In the first phase, the state government will spend Rs 1,000 crore on the project. The parks will be set up in southern parts of the state over 500 acres, said industries minister P Thangamani in the assembly. He said the Tamil Nadu Industries Development Corporation (TIDCO) will be setting up the solar parks.The minister said apart from announcing a new industrial policy, the state government will also announce a biotechnology policy and an aerospace industrial policy very soon.Thangamani said TIDCO will continue setting up IT/ITES parks, bio-tech parks, SEZ, road development projects, agriculture export zone and special investment region. He also said Tamil Nadu Magnesite Corporation will set up a windmill to generate 2.1MW at the cost of 12 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12989051", "title": "Indian Reserve Battalion constable booked for sex scandal", "text": "PANAJI: An IRB (Indian Reserve Battalion) constable has been booked by the Panaji police for circulating an MMS clipping which shows him in a compromising position with a lady constable in a room.Acting on a complaint filed by the lady constable who is the victim in the MMS clipping that has been circulating among the police for some time now, the Panaji police registered cases under various sections of the Information Technology Act, as well as Section 292 of the IPC against constable Abdul Chandsaab.The victim in her complaint said that there were only two people in the room, the victim and the accused, and she suspected that the accused circulated the MMS clipping. She has informed the police that she had requested him not to record anything on the mobile but he claimed that he was just holding the mobile and was not recording . As the offence occured in the jurisdiction of Colva police, the case has been transferred to the Colva station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12987492", "title": "Aarushi murder trial postponed to May 9", "text": "NEW DELHI: A special CBI judge on Thursday deferred the decision to send the Aarushi-Hemraj murder case for trial to a sessions court for May 9, following an application by Talwars seeking more case documents from the Central Bureau of Investigation.Nupur Talwar, who came to the court from Dasna Jail, broke down in the court and was consoled by her husband. The jail van she was travelling met with a minor accident on NH-24 in the morning. The van was hit by a truck. However, no one was injured in the incident.Special CBI Judge Preeti Singh postponed the committal of case to May 9 after reading the application of Talwars.In their application, Talwars claimed that there were deficiencies in the case documents provided to them by CBI. Talwars sought documents including statements of witnesses of CBI, narco-analysis reports, call details of all the persons connected to the case and all other annexures. Hearing the bail plea of Nupur Talwar, Preeti Singh said the case may be committed to an appropriate court as she did not have powers to try a murder case.The agency told the court that they need time to look into the list of documents sought by Talwars and see what all documents can be given to them. After hearing both sides, the special judge directed the CBI to reply to the defence plea on May 9 during which she may also decide on committing the case to the district court for the trial.Nupur, who broke down in the court after the date of hearing was postponed was being consoled by her husband Rajesh Talwar. She was later taken back to Dasna Jail.Special CBI Judge (sessions) Shyam Lal had on Wednesday denied bail to Nupur Talwar in the twin murder case. Disposing of her petition, the judge had said he could not exercise the discretion of giving bail to her as \"there is prima facie evidence to suggest the involvement of the accused.\"Aarushi was murdered on the intervening night of May 16-17, 2008, at her Noida residence and the body of domestic help Hemraj was found on the terrace of the house the next day.Nupur had faced arrest after the special CBI court in Ghaziabad had issued a non-bailable warrant against her on April 11 following which the CBI had carried out a search at her Delhi premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12994005", "title": "Visual treat for art connoisseurs", "text": "Papia Ghoshal's art works will bring some visual treat for the art connoisseurs of Delhi. Ghoshal will showcase few of her works at an art show, organised by Indian Council for Cultural Relations. Dedicated to Swami Vivekananda, the exhibition of paintings 'Tantra Shunya' at Azad Bhavan Art Gallery will remain open from May 5 to May 9.Ghoshal, a poet and artist of Bengal, shuttles between mainly Kolkata, London and Prague all the time, is a significant name associated with today's contemporary Indian art. Her latest series of works are based on tantra, the void, is a philosophy based on Shakti. The universe is regarded as the divine play of Shakti and Shiva.Swami Vivekananda and his philosophy had been had a major influence to Papia from childhood. Vivekananda, who dedicated a major portion of his life to Shree Ramkrishna and after a long fight against Goddess Kali , had no option left other than to submit himself to her divine energy. Papia who hails from Kolkata experiments with the various forms and energies of Kali, the fearless Goddess. She dedicates her work on 'Shunya' to Swami Vivekananda as a token of admiration shown to his 150 years of birth anniversary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12993544", "title": "Ram Charan's Racha crosses 50 crore mark", "text": "Ram Charan has added another feather to his cap as far as box office records go in Tollywood go. The movie which has completed its successful four week run recently, has grossed a stunning 50 crore mark, claim it's producers. The movie had opened to record first day collections earlier but they fizzled out gradually. Apparently, the movie generated collections of 47.58 crores (share) in Andhra Pradesh itself. The movie which opened to a mixed response from the critics has managed to join the elite club of Tollywood movies to have crossed the magic figure of Rs 50 crore. Here is the area-wise break down of collections of the movie.Area Share for 4 Weeks (IN CRORES) Nizam 11.90 Ceded 8.05 Nellore 1.89 Krishna 2.43 Guntur 4.08 Vizag 4.10 East Godavari 2.66 West Godavari 2.37Total Share for 4 weeks(AP) 37.48Karnataka 4.60 Rest Of India 1.50 Overseas 4.00 Total Worldwide 47.58 Ragalai(Tamil) 4.90 RAKSHA( Malayalam) 1.00Including Tamil &amp; Malayalamversions Share 53.48Source: way2movies.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12988139", "title": "We'll kill you in encounter, cops had threatened Vijay Palande", "text": "MUMBAI: Double murder accused Vijay Palande would have almost slipped off from Mumbai to Bangkok had he not been threatened that he would be killed in an encounter.When he fled from police custody on April 10, he took shelter at Hotel Godwin in Colaba, from where he made calls to one of his sisters from his Blackberry phone. He wanted his sister from Borivli to give him his passport and his friend, stock-broker Gautam Vora, to buy him air tickets to Bangkok. Vora was almost ready to buy the tickets but his sister insisted he surrender to the police.A senior officer to whom Palande spoke over the cell phone, due to his connections with him, initially told him to surrender or they would face a major problem in the department. \"When Palande refused to listen, the officer told him that they know he was in Colaba and his team would be reaching there shortly. Palande got a bit scared as to how the police learned about his location,\" a source said. The police had learned about his location as his mobile phone was kept under surveillance.The officer also told him that if he did not surrender, and if he was sighted anywhere, he would be killed in an encounter. He told him that the police brass had already issued orders for the encounter. \"Palande developed cold feet and decided to surrender. He spoke to the officer again, stating that he was ready to surrender on the condition that there would be no foul play,\" the officer added. As it was almost midnight, he chose to surrender at Churchgate station, a public spot. He was then rearrested by the crime branch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12987541", "title": "Auto permits: Unions threaten stir from May 9", "text": "NEW DELHI: Commuters can expect some tough times ahead. A section of the autorickshaw drivers union is threatening to go on strike from May 9. The reason-the government's delay in issuing 45,000 new permits to TSRs (three-wheeled scooter rickshaws) despite the relaxation in cap by the Supreme Court. With neither the government willing to put a timeline to the issuance of the permits nor the unions willing to back down, it is the commuter who looks set to bear the brunt.Last week, transport minister Arvinder Singh had assured that the new permits will be available soon, as the policy was \"nearly\" finalized. He had also made it clear that GPS would be mandatory to get the new permits, and old TSR permits will also need to get the GPS installed. This has also led to autorickshaw unions to take up cudgels. Rajinder Soni of Bhartiya Majdoor Sangh said, \"We will go on strike from May 9 if our demands are not met.\" He claimed that the government's stalling on issuing new permits had \"forced\" the union to call for a strike. The GPS issue is also playing on the union's mind. \"The autorickshaws will install the GPS only if the government footed the bill. We have no personal differences with either the government or the public. But expecting us to pay out so much for the GPS is not feasible,\" said the union leader.The demands, interestingly, are not only about bringing down the price of the GPS device, but also setting up of a welfare board for the TSR drivers. According to Soni, the demands include not only the government footing the bill for installing the GPs device but also setting up a welfare scheme for the drivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12991372", "title": "Happy Birthday Trisha", "text": "Trisha w ho is being noted as favorite actress for many in the south Indian cinema is celebrating her birthday today. This stunning actress was born in 1983 in Chennai as Trisha Krishnan in a Tamil Iyer family.The beautiful diva is celebrating her 29th birthday today along with her family and close friends. At present Trisha is enjoying the vacation in her home town and accordingly planned to enjoy her birthday eve with her besties.The Vinnaithaandi Varuvaayaa actress will soon join Vishal and director Thiru for their ongoing project Samar, which would start its final leg in the coming week in Thailand . After this Trisha is expected to join director I. Mueenuddin Ahmed of Vaamanan fame and Jeeva for the forthcoming movie Endrendrum Punnagai. It is also being reported that Trisha will once again share the screen space with Jayam Ravi for his Boologam, yet there is no official conformation.We Wish the attractive actress happy moments throughout the year and all the success in her career front...Source: Way2movies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12988010", "title": "Big B to shoot song with Abhishek for Bol Bachchan", "text": "MUMBAI: Amitabh Bachchan is all set to shoot a song with his son Abhishek and Ajay Devgn for Rohit Shetty's film Bol Bachchan.The actor on Thursday night blogged, \"It is a song. We shoot for it in a few days time. Goodness always a frightening prospect to do a song and dance routine.\"Abhishek and Amitabh have worked together in five films including Sarkar, Sarkar Raj, Bunty Aur Babli, Paa and Jhoom Barabar Jhoom.The two are also slated to act in Sarkar 3 to be directed by Ramgopal Varma .Amitabh has just finished dubbing for the film Department in which he plays a politician and has also shot the promos of Kaun Banega Crorepati.The actor tweeted, \"KBC promo shoot over .. did 5 of them in a day ! And then the talented Avinash Gowarikar took stills .. shall put them up - The designing of the look on KBC by Rohit ' gudda' Bal ... just lifts your spirits when you wear his outfits .. that jacket .. hmm\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12989135", "title": "Reverting to Regional Plan 2001 will aid builders: Goa Bachao Abhiyan", "text": "PANAJI: Goa Bachao Abhiyan (GBA) has strongly opposed the proposal of the government to bring back the old Regional Plan 2001, saying it will promote a blanket high 80 FAR ( floor area ratio) across rural Goa, benefitting builders.GBA pointed out that the government had promised to consult stakeholders, but instead has gone ahead taking decisions clearly promoting confusion much to the benefit of the builders' lobby.The government decision, GBA said, will help parties to construct buildings under provisions of the old RP and questioned how the government will keep its promise of a corruption-free government.This unilateral decision snubs the hard fought demands of the people, such as protection of eco-sensitive zones and lower FAR especially in VP2 areas which go a long way in halting mega projects in villages, said GBA convener Sabina Martins and secretary Reboni Saha.GBA said that this move is suspect, especially when part de-notification to appease the affected is possible within the TCP Act.The organization has demanded that in the interim period the government must put on hold all the multi-dwelling projects and controversial conversions, insertions and allow processing of single-dwelling units only.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar had said on Tuesday that Regional Plan 2001 will be made applicable till the new regional plan is re-formulated and finalized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12987255", "title": "University gets Rs 25 lakh to save 30% energy annually", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra Energy Development Agency (MEDA) recently provided financial assistance to seven government buildings in the state, including Rs 25 lakh to the University of Pune (UoP), to replace the old and inefficient equipment with energy saving equipment expected to save 25% to 30% energy annually.Under the initiative, MEDA will disburse a total of Rs 1.40 crore this year for installation of energy-efficient equipment in UoP; Collector offices in Sangli and Satara; the district court building in Satara; Zilla Parishad, Kolhapur; Central Hospital, Ulhasnagar, and Jalgaon Municipal Corporation.\"The average energy consumption of the entire UoP campus is 93.98 lakh per month, while the electricity bill touches Rs 5 to 6 crore annually, as per the audit report sent to MEDA by UoP. However, after the installation of energy-efficient equipment, as much as 2.25 lakh units of power will be saved per month,\" said an official from MEDA.The UoP would require Rs 42 lakh to carry out the project on the entire campus. While MEDA will provide Rs 25 lakh, the UoP will put in the remaining amount. The project is expected to help save 2.25 lakh units of power and about Rs 1 crore per annum for the UoP.The UoP will install a maximum demand controller, which is used to control the maximum demand and avoid excess demand charges. \"The actual maximum demand can thus be curtailed by installation of this device, saving considerable electricity charges. Also, the old tube light fittings and ballast (which currently consume about 54 watt per fitting) will be replaced by T5 technology, which uses about 30-31 watt per fitting,\" the official said.In addition, the old, inefficient pumps on the campus will be replaced with energy efficient or star-labeled pumps, which will help save 15,000 units of power per annum. \"Occupancy sensors, which are sensing devices connected to a room's lighting, and automatically shut it down when the space is unoccupied, will be installed here as well, thus saving approximately 72,000 units of power per annum,\" the official said.Regulators of old fans will be replaced by electronic regulators, saving about 24,000 units per annum. In addition, the International Students Hostel here will have a solar water heater with 7,000 liter/day capacity, which will help save about 30,000 units/per annum.Under this scheme, called the energy conservation demonstration projects, government offices can send proposals to MEDA, after which they are given financial assistance. The scheme also talks about providing technical assistance for conducting a detailed energy audit of the building through a MEDA-empanelled energy audit consultant. Use of equipment which work on renewable energy and energy monitoring devices are also promoted in the scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12988706", "title": "Ajsu blow to BJP, Ahluwalia out of Rajya Sabha", "text": "RANCHI: The Ajsu Party, with just five members, sprang a last-minute surprise to knock out Rajya Sabha deputy leader of opposition S S Ahluwalia of the ballot battle to Upper House here on Thursday.The party, a traditional ally of the BJP in the state, voted for the JMM candidate instead. However, the JMM has not indicated anything on the fate of the ruling alliance leaving party patriarch Shibu Soren to take a call on the matter.After the results, the senior BJP leader, who has been a member of Parliament since 1988, blamed the Congress for indulging in horse trading to defeat him.Much to the embarrassment of the BJP - the party is leading an alliance in the state with Arjun Munda as chief minister - Ahluwalia finished third with just 20 votes while Pradeep Kumar Balmuchu of the Congress secured 25 votes and the JMM's Sanjeev Kumar got 23.Returning officer K K Prasad said 68 of 80 MLAs used their franchise in the election. One seat is vacant and 12 MLAs, including 11 of Jharkhand Vikas Morcha and one CPI(ML), abstained from voting.Accepting the humiliating defeat despite having 18 MLAs, BJP state president Dineshanand Goswami said, \"The party had banked on the votes of its allies and some independents, who are part of the government, but they decided to tread a different path.\"\"A candidate needed just 23 votes and we were sure than at least a couple of MLAs and Ajsu Party, the old time ally, would vote for our candidate. It is surprising that Ahluwalia has lost the election,\" said Goswami.A visibly angry Ahluwalia said, \"I have been a member of the Upper House of Parliament for 24 years and decided to contest the election only after local BJP leaders showed me a list of 45 MLAs. The local leaders were sure that with 45 MLAs in favour, I will win the election along with the JMM candidate. At the last moment, the Congress leaders indulged in horse trading and won over independent MLAs.\"In his initial reaction after winning, Balmuchu said this was the victory of secular forces in the state. \"Despite having 13 MLAs, we got maximum number of votes and every secular-minded MLA - be it from the RJD or the independents - votes for the Congress and showed the door to BJP,\" said Balmuchu.Deputy chief minister and JMM legislative party leader Hemant Soren criticized the BJP for its inability to keep a cohesive alliance. \"We wanted a consensus candidate for the ruling alliance and had even requested the BJP to support our nominee which it did when the March 30 Rajya Sabha election was countermanded but this time it gave ticket to Ahluwalia. It is the BJP which has to be blamed and no other party,\" said Hemant, while thanking the Ajsu Party for supporting JMM candidate.However, he declined to say any thing on the fate of the state government in wake of difference with the BJP. \"It will be decided by JMM chief Shibu Soren,\" said Hemant while coming out of the assembly with the party's victorious candidate, Kumar, a practising Supreme Court lawyer by profession.\"I am grateful to the people of Jharkhand,\" said an elated Kumar, who hails from Bokaro.The Rajya Sabha election, originally scheduled for March 30, was countermanded after Rs 2.15 crore was seized from an aide of independent candidate R K Agarwal just hours before polling started. At present, the allegation of horse trading is being investigated by the CBI on directive of Jharkhand high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12989454", "title": "Commuters harassed as snag stalls truck", "text": "LUDHIANA: Commuters travelling through Gill Chowk flyover had a tough time when a truck broke down on the stretch on Thursday morning.Stuck in jam, the traffic coming from bus stand side could not move forward. After giving residents a harrowing time for hours together, the congestion opened around 11am after traffic cops reached the spot.Charanjeet Singh, a resident of Shaheed Karnail Singh Nagar, said, \"The jam turned my day's schedule topsy-turvy. I reached office very late. When I reached Preet Palace chowk, I was caught in serpentine queues. Even traffic cops could not open it in time. They should have shown some alacrity.''Another commuter Karan Sharma of Ferozepur Road said, \"I had an important work in Chandigarh and wanted to reach there by 12pm. But because of the girdlock, my bus remained stuck in the jam for an hour. The authorities concerned should do something to rid the city of congestion.''Amrit Kaur, a resident of Model Town, said, \"Traffic irregularities make driving difficult in the city. The jam has spoiled all my plans. Why was the truck not removed immediately?''Traffic zone-II in-charge Surinder Singh said, \"We received information about the jam at 10:30am and within a few minutes, we reached the spot. A crane was hired and at 11am the truck was removed. Its driver was issued a challan.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12990029", "title": "Rs 3,199 crore required for construction of Kannur international airport", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A whopping Rs 3,199 crore will have to be pumped in in three phases to make the proposed Kannur international airport a reality. The scheme includes associated projects like shopping malls, convention centres and township for CISF personnel manning the facility.According to the calculation of the Cochin International Airport Limited (Cial), Rs 1,391 crore will have to be spent in the first phase, Rs 363 crore in the second phase, and Rs 1,444 crore in the third phase of the project.The largest sum, Rs 750 crore, will be required for constructing the airport terminal: Rs 250 crore in the first phase and Rs 500 crore in the third phase. The runway will cost Rs 402 crore: Rs 102 crore in the first phase, Rs 100 crore in the second phase and Rs 200 crore in the third phase. The taxiway and taxi links will cost Rs 36 crore in the first phase and Rs 145 crore in the next. The earth work for the runway, runway lighting and taxiway will require Rs 338 crore.As per estimates, Rs 130 crore will have to be spent on land acquisition. In addition to these, other facilities like road to the terminal building, cargo building and electrical substations are expected to cost around Rs 100 crore.A new green field road -- Kannur-Mattannur Road -- has been planned as the main access to the airport to ensure fast and free movement of traffic. It will not have any traffic junctions, and will have provision for entry and exit ramps for joining and exiting traffic from connecting roads.\"A society has been formed to expedite fund mobilization for the project. The members of the society have already met once. We have also got some offers from some cooperative societies,\" said V Thulasidas, Kial managing director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12989546", "title": "Punjabi singer Vinaypal Buttar releases third album in his second home", "text": "LUDHIANA: This city is second home to Punjabi singer and lyricist Vinaypal Buttar as he has many relatives and friends here, which keep his visits frequent to the city. Buttar was in Ludhiana on Thursday, but not to meet family this time, as it was his Punjabi album 4X4 he released here. His well wishers came to support him at the album launch.Butter said he chose Ludhiana for the release, because he knew his work would be well received and appreciated in this city. After releasing his earlier two albums- 'Khoobsurat' (2007) and 'Dil De Badle Dil' (2009), the singer had moved to Australia, but he returned to his second home to release his third album amid his fans.The third album is a collection of 8 songs, written and sung by Buttar. \"Whenever I am in Ludhiana, I spend my evenings singing amid my friends and family to entertain them,'' he said. His cousin Sarb Singh Bhangu, a businessman from Ayali Khurd, said Buttar had told him he would release his next album in the city and so, he had been eagerly waiting for this day. Another cousin Parminder Singh said he had been calling his friends and informing them about Buttar's next album's release, so that they could grab their copies from the shelves in music stores. Ajwinder Singh, a wrestler and Buttar's another cousin, said he remebers his days of childhood spent with Buttar. \"He might be a famous singer to the world, but to me he is a brother first,'' said Ajwinder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12992746", "title": "Skimpy clothes a no-no in Hampi", "text": "BANGALORE: Complaints by local worshippers have prompted a crackdown on scantily clad foreign tourists at the 15th-century Virupaksha Temple in Hampi, a Unesco world heritage site.The temple located on the banks of the Tungabhadra, about 350km from Bangalore, imposed a dress code last week. \"The new rule is to create a more positive image of the temple and maintain the sanctity of the place. In addition to being a tourist destination, the temple is also a place of worship,\" a senior endowment department official in Bangalore said.Some locals were recently outraged after some foreigners, out of ignorance, went to the sanctum sanctorum wearing garlands. \"They'd place the garlands before the deity and that angered local worshippers,\" said Vinayak Pandit , a senior priest at the temple. Locals also objected to tourists going near the sanctum sanctorum wearing short skirts, shorts and skimpy dresses.There were initial hiccups, but now the code seems to be working. The temple placed boards at the entrance of the temple which read --' From this point, shorts skirts and bare shoulders are not allowed' .The guards drew aside men in shorts and women with uncovered shoulders and short skirts and told them they were not dressed appropriately . Some women were obliged to buy shawls and scarves from nearby hawkers, while men bought trousers.When foreign tourist traffic dwindled, the temple office decided to give a white shawl which they could drape before going in. `We're not against foreigners, but their dress and conduct in the temple is highly objectionable and therefore the management decided to impose restrictions,\" said Vignesh Jaiteerth, a member of temple committee . \"Foreigners are cordial and don't argue. But we always have problems with domestic tourists,\" he added.Most tourists were taken aback by the rule. \"In spirit, it's a good rule but it may a wrong message to tourists,\" said Venkatesh Murthy, a trader at Hampi Bazaar. He said when the temple management informed the tourism department about the code, the department didn't raise any objection.\"This will not impact tourist flow. In fact, there are dress codes at religious places in India and abroad. We cannot violate the sanctity of temples in the name of tourism,\" said V N Krishna, tourism executive of the Karnataka tourism department.ELSEWHERE IN INDIAMen cannot enter Kerala's Guruvayur temple wearing a shirt. In Jamia Masjid, New Delhi, visitors have to adhere to a dress codeVIRUPAKSHA TEMPLEVirupaksha Temple, known as Pampapathi temple, is a Shiva temple. It predates the founding of the Vijayanagar empire . The temple has a 160-foot high tower at its entrance. The temple complex also contains shrines of Hindu goddesses Pampa and Bhuvaneshwari", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12988646", "title": "Upgrade Patna University into central varsity: Academics", "text": "PATNA: Even while the debate between the central and state governments over the location of Central University of Bihar (CUB) is still on, senior academics of the city have reiterated their demand for upgrading Patna University (PU) as a central university to put the ongoing controversy at rest.Making PU, the seventh oldest university of the Indian subcontinent, as a central university has remained a long-cherished dream of most intellectuals, academics and politicians of the state. Even chief minister Nitish Kumar has backed this demand on several occasions. Another central university could be set up at Motihari after upgrading PU as a central university, they say.Former PU vice-chancellor M Mohiuddin said a central university must be located at Patna. And, PU definitely deserves this status. The state government must strive for making this premier institution of higher education a central university which would have a distinct advantage of its location.Another former VC of PU, Jagannath Thakur, also pleaded for the same as PU fulfils the criteria of a central institution. A state like Bihar should have more than one central university. Hence, besides PU, another central university could easily be set up at some other place in the state, he argued.Patna University Teachers' Association president P K Poddar said the centre would not have to invest much on upgrading PU as a central university as it already has the basic infrastructure. Several old universities, including Guru Ghasidas University, Chhattisgarh, and H S Gaur Sagar University, MP, have been converted into central universities. Hence, the Centre should have no problem in upgrading PU as a central university, he said.Former head of T P S College chemistry department, Mahesh Chandra, said instead of fighting over the location of CUB at Motihari or Gaya, the Nitish government should convince the Central government about upgrading PU as a central university. The state government could set up another university of national or international repute at Motihari, he added.A 'tussle' over the CUB site has been going on between the Union HRD ministry and state government for about three years. The state government has been insisting on Motihari, saying the establishment of CUB there would be a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi. But the Centre is reluctant, pointing out that Motihari lacks infrastructure and other facilities needed for the CUB and its faculty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "12988728", "title": "Kasturba Gandhi Balika Avashiy Vidhyalaya pays tribute to Dhardharia martyrs", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Students of Kasturba Gandhi Balika Avashiy Vidhyalaya (KGBV) in Maoist-hit Senha block, Lohardaga paid floral tributes to the heroes of Dhardharia blast during their annual day celebrations on Thursday.As many as 11 officials and jawans of Jharkhand Armed Police and CRPF died and over 50 sustained injuries when Maoists triggered a landmine blast, on May 3, last year.Deputy Commissioner Ratan Kumar inaugurated the function as the chief guest of honour and traditional dance performances were oraganized. Girls formed human pyramids and raised slogans like 'Dhardharia ke veer shahidon ko shat-shat naman.' (We salute the martyrs of Dhardharia blast).The DC also inaugurated a school library on this ocassion and promised to provide two book shelves and table chairs for the dining hall in the hostel. He also distributed prizes to the talented students and teachers of the school.School Management committee chairman Salay Soren welcomed the guests while warden Nisha Malini Tirkey read out the school report and her deputy Sunita Kumari delivered a vote of thanks. The school building worth Rs 2.60 crore was inaugurated last year on April 29, by the education minister of the state Baidhyanath Ram. With increasing facilities, the school will continue making achievements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12989207", "title": "No class suspension at Surendranath college", "text": "KOLKATA: After Bhangor college, Trinamool Chhatra Parishad state president Shankudeb Panda is seen as the man behind the unrest at Surendranath Evening College on April 23, that forced the college authority to suspend classes till May 15. However, CM Mamata Banerjee has swung into action and given clear instruction that classes should not be suspended under any circumstances.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee, who is believed to have given Panda a tongue lashing at her Writers' chamber after Bhangor, intervened yet again to undo Panda's deeds by issuing clear instructions that classes at Surendranath should not be suspended under any circumstances.With the warring Trinamool Chhatra Parishad factions on campus making it impossible to run the institution, Surendranath Evening College teacher-in-charge Purna Chandra Maiti on Thursday wrote to education minister Bratya Basu conveying his decision to close the college till May 15 amid the prevailing unrest. This letter was enough to restore calm on campus with the government assuring the college authority of taking proper steps.Basu asked the college authorities to keep the institution open. \"Under no circumstances should there be any suspension of classes. There is a clear directive from chief minister Mamata Banerjee. I too endorse her view. We shall take necessary measures and make adequate arrangements to ensure smooth functioning of the college. Classes should not be hampered and students should not suffer,\" Basu said.Maiti later said, \"We will start classes from Friday. The higher education department has assured full cooperation.\" The college authorities had earlier issued a notice stating that no classes would be held between May 1 and May 15, only examinees would be allowed to enter the college.The college authorities alleged that Panda has been the main force behind the unrest on campus. \"Both the morning and evening college union polls were won by TMCP riding high on the wave of Paribartan. Over the last 10 years, the CPM students' wing SFI was in control of the students' unions and they were into corrupt practices. After the change took place, initially, it seemed that it was for good. However, over the past few months, faction feuds have been rampant . On April 23, Panda instigated outsiders, who barged into the college and created a ruckus. They broke furniture and got engaged in a scuffle with the college students. He wants to set up a parallel unit inside the college campus,\" said Maiti.Chinmay Sarkar, principal of Surendranath Day College said, \"We thought that the former students would stay away from campus once rules and regulations are put in place. Now it seems otherwise. We delayed sending the letter to the CM, because we were hopeful that things will change.\" However, Shikha Mitra, the local TMC MLA who is also president of the college governing body, and Debashish Banerjee, a lawyer owing allegiance to TMC, have been extremely helpful to restore peace on the campus. Panda is encouraging outsiders to create problems in the college.\"According to him, the genesis of the trouble lies in the fact that after introduction of online admissions, former students - who could earn in lakhs by ensuring their candidates a seat in the college - are finding it difficult to continue their activities. \"They don't want discipline.\"State TMCP secretary Basihwanar Chattopadhyay said, \"The matter has to be probed. One cannot frame Shankudeb Panda. If he is guilty, we will take action.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12987901", "title": "BJP slams govt for no bailout to civic bodies", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after forming the corporation in South, BJP hit out at the Delhi government for not giving any bailout package to the newly-formed corporations.City BJP president Vijender Gupta said the government was quick to announce Rs 500 crore bailout package to discoms \"which are making profit\", but didn't consider the same for the new civic bodies.\"It seems the Delhi CM is more concerned about private companies than government bodies,\" said Gupta. The Delhi government has given a loan of Rs 1,231 crore to the three new corporations at a very high interest rate.\"The corporations are starting with a deficit budget. A large share of the revenue of the North and East corporations will be spent on repaying the loan,\" Gupta added.BJP also attacked the Delhi government for not planning the trifurcation process properly. The government-appointed director, local bodies notified the division of MCD staff on Thursday.BJP leaders also demanded that the Delhi government should immediately pay the three corporations Rs 2,305 crore. While introducing unit area method (UAM) for calculation of property tax, Delhi government had promised MCD that it will make up for the losses. \"The government has to pay MCD Rs 1,285 crore for implementing UAM. Similarly, it has to pay Rs 500 crore each for global share and education,\" said Gupta.On Thursday, all the three mayors-Savita Gupta (south), Meera Aggarwal (North) and Annapurna Mishra (East) - addressed a joint media conference along with Gupta. All the mayors promised to improve civic services like parking, sanitation, toilets etc in a time-bound manner.\"Sanitation and parking is going to be our top priorities. We will try to complete parking projects in a time-bound manner. Though the Delhi government has put a huge loan on our corporation, we will not increase taxes. We will plan new projects to boost our revenue,\" said Meera Aggarwal. Annapurna Mishra echoed Aggarwal's views.Unlike East and North, South Delhi Municipal Corporation has no problem of revenue. Its mayor Savita Gupta stressed on the need to improve the condition of schools and introduction of computer education in municipal schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12989786", "title": "Goverment turns a blind eye to Braille press", "text": "HYDERABAD: Outsourcing of publication of the printed word for the visually impaired students coupled with the government's gross negligence to usher in new technology to replace outdated machinery are ensuring the slow death of the only press in the state printing Braille books.The Malakpet Braille Press was set up in 1986 under AP Vikalangula Co-operative Corporation (APVCC) to produce books and other textual learning material for the visually impaired school students in the state. The facility partially functions with equipment that has not been upgraded ever since the press was set up. Employees of the press, most of whom are visually impaired, rue that instead of upgrading the facility, the government is outsourcing the work. By outsourcing, it is also closing down an important employment avenue for the visually impaired skilled workers, they note.\"This is more than a press for many. It serves like a lifeline, maintaining the dignity of the visually impaired. One of the main objectives of APVCC is employment generation but in its present state, the press is functioning only partially. We are also plagued with shortage of manpower as the government has not filled the vacancies created through retirement or death of some employees. This is spelling doom for the state-run press which works for the benefit of the visually impaired students,\" says G Venkateswar Rao, a senior employee, even as he proficiently punches Braille characters on to an aluminum sheet meant to serve as a master plate for reproduction on paper.Rao explains that the outdated letter press-like printing technology works in two stages and has a capacity of printing 1000 pages an hour. Currently there are nine government schools in the state which educate close to a thousand visually impaired students. The total number of textbooks required stands at eight thousand. Rao says, at this pace, the press takes nothing less than six months to complete the printing. He also points out that the press requires 30 people including helpers to function efficiently. But as of now there are only 20. The data entry operator doubles up as a proof reader.N Venkatramulu, a Braille teacher with the Darulshifa Government Boys School for Blind, strongly feels that maintaining standard texts is next to impossible if the government outsources printing. \"There are several errors in books purchased from private printers or publishers. The line space is reduced to accommodate more content per page. Characters are often missing and errors in the text itself are not uncommon. For students who are learning, this is a big blow. It needs to be questioned if private organizations printing books for government avail the services of persons skilled in reading and writing Braille in Telugu and Urdu,\" Venkatramulu points out.Six months ago, employees sent a Rs 1.35-crore proposal to the APVCC to revive the press. \"We have asked for an advanced Braille printer that will allow us to print directly from a computer after the text has been keyed in. This would also reduce the manpower requirement as the new machines are highly automated,\" says Rao.G Prabhanjan, managing director of APVCC, told TOI that outsourcing was economically viable as against investing in manpower and machinery. \"If we procure new machinery we would also have to recruit more skilled people. The existing individuals may not be able to handle the new equipment. The education department under the Rajiv Vidya Mission procured 5000 books this time from a printer in Coimbatore. The objective is to ensure that all children get books free of cost. For his academic year we have been able to achieve that,\" he says indicating that government is unlikely to consider the plight of the press workers anytime soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12990122", "title": "Pune varsity security guard shot dead", "text": "PUNE: A security guard at the University of Pune (UoP) was shot dead by an unidentified youth on the campus on Thursday night. The guard had caught the youth with a girl near the servants' quarters around 7.45 pm.The guard, Prahlad Jogdane (54) of Lohegaon, was patrolling in the university premises with another guard, Balasaheb Nikalje, when he saw the couple in the isolated, forest-like area behind the servants' quarters. Nikalje told the Chatushrungi police that Jogdane demanded Rs 5,000 from the couple to let them go but later settled for Rs 500.Senior inspector Ajay Kadam of the Chatushrungi police station said the youth returned after some time and demanded his money back, saying he needed to fill fuel in his vehicle. When Jogdane refused to give him the money, the youth pulled out a gun and pumped two bullets into his chest, killing him on the spot.Nikalje told the police that he fell unconscious on witnessing the incident. He said that when he regained consciousness after around 25 minutes, he reported the incident to the university's security office. The police were informed about the murder around 9 pm. Jogdane's body was sent to Sassoon hospital for a post-mortem.Jogdane and Nikalje were working for a security contractor hired by the university. Nikalje later lodged a complaint of murder against the unidentified youth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "vikas nagar", "code": "12989558", "title": "Young Komilla's pen has traversed from prose to verse", "text": "VIKAS NAGAR: When not many her age think of venturing into writing field, 14-year-old Komilla Singh Arneja of Vikas Nagar is busy penning novels, poems and essays.Says Komilla, a student of class X at Guru Nanak Public School, Sarabha Nagar, \"I am a big fan of Sir Arthur Canon Doyle. Inspired by his writings, I took a plunge in the writing field a year ago. I was also inspired some of the write-ups by different authors online. I started my journey by writing an online novel \"The superstitious family\". The novel, which is of 2000 words, focuses on how superstitious people are fooled by fake babas. It took me a day to write the novel. I first wrote a brief outline which I later expanded\".Komilla further says, \"I have also written three poems. My first poem \"I Took The Step To Stop Being Called A Virtuous Women And Yes I Will Not Perform Sati\" comments on the practice of Sati while my second poem \"The Beauty Never Ends\" focuses on the need to preserve nature. My third poem \"Let me flow wherever I want as if I don't; You are in loss\" speaks about the study stress on children.\"I have also written tribute to my parents in two essays \"The one who got me to this world\" and \"My Definition Of Love: For Those Who Deserve It\". The works appeared on www.stageoflife.com and Olympic Ideals applied on business,\" she stated.Komilla has also sent her work \"My definition of Love\" for the Young Writers Of The Year contest organised by Campfire in association with Shell Bee.\"Till now I have wrote about 10 write ups, including novels, poems and essays. Writing is my passion so I will continue with it and wish to win a Bookers Prize\".Komilla's parents Manpreet Kaur and Sandeep Singh fully support her in her endeavours. \"Komilla is passionate about writing and she has her full support,\" says Manpreet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12988971", "title": "Australian companies eye Nashik wine market", "text": "NASHIK: The wine capital of India has now become a centre of attraction overseas as well. Some Australian companies are considering plans to buy wine from Nashik in bulk and sell it to other countries. A delegation of industrialists from Australia that recently visited Nashik to look for business opportunities is exploiting the possibility of a venture.As Nashik has emerged as a wine capital of India and become the centre of attraction not across the country, but also in the world, some overseas countries have started focusing on Nashik. A delegation of Australian companies recently visited Nashik to look for business opportunities in Nashik.The delegation visited some wineries in Nashik and held talks with those running them. \"A delegation of Australian companies recently visited Nashik to look for business opportunities in the wine sector in Nashik. They held talks with some select local wineries and tried to find out the present scenario in Nashik and in the country. One of the companies has shown interest in buying wine from Nashik in bulk and selling it to foreign companies if it gets good quality wine at moderate rates,\" P Daberao, joint director, industries, Nashik division of the state government, told TOI.A wine industrialist, requesting anonymity, said, \"Besides buying wine in bulk from us and exporting it to other foreign countries as its own brand, the Australian companies also wanted to sell their wine here. However, that will not be possible as the import duty in Maharashtra is around 150%.\"Incidentally, Nashik has emerged as the wine capital of India.Of the country's total 92 wineries, Maharashtra has 74. As many as 36 wineries exist in Nashik, 12 in Pune, 13 in Sangli, five in Solapur, four in Usmanabad, three in Buldhana and one in Latur. In Maharashtra, around 6,000 acres is under cultivation of wine-grapes varieties, including 3,000 acres in Nashik district. Out of the total wine-grapes variety production in India, Maharashtra accounts for almost 91%. Nashik contributes 80% of production in Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12990772", "title": "Family history no clue to risk of breast cancer", "text": "NEW DELHI: No family history of breast cancer should not make Indian women aged 40-49 to stop yearly screening the disease.More than half the women aged 40-49 diagnosed with breast cancer on screening mammography report no family history, a new study shows. The study, conducted at Rochester of all breast cancers diagnosed between 2000 and 2010, found that 228 out of 373 cancers (61%) were found in women, aged 40-49 with no family history of breast cancer.\"Out of 211 women we looked at finally in this study, 135 (64%) who did not have a prior personal history of breast cancer or abnormal cells and had no family history of breast cancer, had the disease,\" said Stamatia Destounis , study's lead author.Screening mammography rate in India is abysmally low. WHO's latest World Health Statistics (WHS) said less than 5% women, aged 50-69 years, underwent screening by mammography in India between 2000-2003 .Among women, breast cancer is the most common cause of cancer mortality, accounting for 16% of cancer deaths globally. \"Less than a quarter of women globally undergo breast cancer screening. In India, breast cancer is the most common form of cancer in women. One in 26 women in India are expected to be diagnosed with breast cancer in their lifetime,\" WHO said.Dr Bhavana Sirohi, breast cancer specialist said screening should actually start from age 45 on Indian women. \"Indian women attain menopause five years before the women in the West making the former more susceptible . That's why women in Indian should be screened from age 45.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12990078", "title": "Hartal leaves Vypeen island residents stranded", "text": "KOCHI: Thousands of residents of Vypeen island were stranded following a dawn to dusk hartal called by the DYFI and the Congress party againstthedelayin repairing the road from Murikkumpadam to School Muttam in Elankunnapuzha panchayat.They have also declared an indefinite fast in this connection.The Vypeen-Munambam Road was dug up about three months ago for laying drinking water pipes, but the road has notbeen re-laid, resulting in a number of accidents taking place on this stretch. Traffic jams are a routine affair and the route is an obstacle course for vehicles. On Thursday, all public vehicles, including buses, autos and cars kept away in support of the hartal. No incident of violence was reported.However, the Vypeen-Ernakulam boat service came to the rescue of office goers and residents.\"I generally take a bus to work,buttodayIhadtooptfor the boat. Although the service is irregular I had no choice,\" said Sudheesh C S, who works in Kalamassery.But for those staying in Murikkumpadam-School Muttam area, road transport is the only option, and hence most of them took the day off.ACCIDENT-PRONE AREA: The locals observed a hartal on Thursday to protest against the Kerala Water Authority's failure to repair the road damaged while laying drinking water pipes. The KWA dug up the Vypeen-Munambam Road in Vypeen about three months ago but has not re-laid it leading to accidents", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12988007", "title": "Jaipur Municipal Corporation told to take action against commercial activites in residential units", "text": "JAIPUR: The high court on Thursday directed the CEO, JMC to appear before it and explain as to why commercial activities are taking place in the biggest residential colony of Mansarovar and why no action has been taken against such units.Justice Alok Sharma expressed dissatisfaction at the conduct of the JMC in giving wrong statements before the court. The issue came up during the filing of a compliance report as directed by the court in a petition filed by one Manohar Lal Bharadwaj.Bharadwaj was running a fast food unit from his residential house in Mansarovar which was seized by the JMC on August 20 last year. The action of JMC was challenged by him through a writ petition. He sought court's permission to continue his business from his house as there are thousands of other commercial activities in residential units in Mansarovar locality.The JMC had then told the court that commercial activities were not permitted in the light of an order passed in a PIL registered suo motu by the court in 2004. The action was taken pursuant to it. It was further brought to the notice of the court that the JMC had issued thousands of notices to such residential units who were running commercial activities in Mansarovar.Based on the contentions of JMC, the bench had then dismissed the petition filed by Bharadwaj but called for a compliance report to show how many units have been served the notice and what action has been taken.After JMC filed the affidavit, it was found that the notices were issued very recently and no proper action was taken to check commercial activities. Rejecting the affidavit filed by the JMC, the court observed: \"I find that there is gross non-compliance on the clear directions given in the order of this court.\"\"The impression is that the corporation is playing hide and seek with this. If others continue with commercial activities in the area, it will wholly lead to harshness to the petitioner or a sense of gross injustice,\"observed Justice Alok sharma.The CEO has been directed to appear in person on May 8. The JMC has also been set at liberty to file a detailed additional affidavit if it so requires by May 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12988289", "title": "HC allows private schools to enforce 15% fee hike", "text": "CHENNAI: Private schools under the state board in Tamil Nadu have finally received a go-ahead from the courts to levy a fee hike this academic year onwards.Hearing a batch of petitions filed by managements of about 300 such schools, the Madras high court on Thursday allowed them a 15% fee hike for academic year 2012-13.This would amount to a hike in the range of 500-4,000 per student for the year over and above the fees prescribed by a statutory school fee determination committee.But this is an interim measure - the statutory committee has been directed to prescribe a final fee structure for all these schools by December-end.The schools had petitioned the court seeking a hike in keeping with the growing expenses involved in running the institutions and payment of salaries.They opposed the recommendations of the state-appointed committee, saying they were not provided an opportunity to present a case on rising expenditure.The bench pointed out that accounts prepared by the committee's auditors did not reflect the actual expenditure, and it led to a huge deficit for the schools.The bench said: \"When the committee formulated guidelines for determination of fees, at the time when the schools submitted their objections and materials, in our considered view, sufficient opportunity should have been given to the representatives of the schools. When the committee was to pass an order determining the fee having civil and criminal consequences, sufficient opportunity should have been given to the schools.\"Apart from the fee hike, the bench hearing the case has also permitted a hike in the school development fund by 10-25% over original levels depending on the location of the school and its status as a minority institution.Schools within city limits are to levy 15% school development fund over the one prescribed by the committee. In the case of schools in semi-urban/municipal areas, the hike will be 12.5%, and for schools in rural areas it is 10%. Catholic schools, however, are entitled to charge 25% extra school development fund irrespective of their location.For minority educational institutions run by Catholic Dioceses and their various Congregations, \"keeping in view the 'Corporate Development Fund' maintained, it would be appropriate to allow 15% plus 10%, totalling 25%, as surplus for minority educational institutions irrespective of the location of the school,\" the bench ruled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12987562", "title": "Woman jumps to her death in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: A 25-year-old woman died five hours after she allegedly jumped off the MG Road Metro station on Thursday afternoon. The deceased, identified as Priyanka Khandelwal from Mathura, used to work with the HDFC Bank branch in Sector 14.An FIR has been lodged against Priyanka's husband, a charted accountant, under Section 306/34 IPC on the statement of her father. Priyanka's father, Bihari Lal Khandelwal, told police that Priya had got married on November, 22, 2010 to Laxmi Nagar resident Nitin Kumar. He alleged that her in-laws harassed her for dowry, which forced her to live separately.But her harassment continued. In fact, a case of dowry harassment had also been lodged with Mathura police against Nitin's family in March this year.Around 12pm, one Suresh Kumar , a security guard, heard a woman scream near the MGF Metropolitan Mall. He rushed to the spot and found Priyanka badly injured. He alerted the cops and also rushed her to a nearby private hospital.After administering first-aid, doctors referred her to Medicity hospital where she succumbed to her injuries around 5.30pm.\"We identified her from her PAN card, which we found in her purse. She was working with HDFC Bank's Sector 14 branch as a front desk employee for the last three months. She was staying as a paying guest in the same area,\" said Jaswant Singh , SHO, Metro police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "12989534", "title": "A resolute Sister Mary to pen yet another book", "text": "KANNUR: Excited over the immense response to her book and emboldened by the veiled threats from the church and a few individuals Sister Mary Chandy is planning to pen another book on her experiences in Wayanad where she set up an orphanage ten years ago after she left the seminary.\"I have more to say. Some more explosive facts about the experiences as a nun and a woman and above all as a human being,\" she said after releasing her autobiography Nanma Niranjavale Swasthi at a function here on Thursday.Speaking on the reactions to her book, she said, \"Recently after the news about the book became public, I have been seeing strangers hanging around my orphanage in Pulpally. Some well-wishers have asked be to be alert,\" she said. Social activist Jose Pazhookkaaran who assisted her in writing the book also said that he got threats from some quarters.She said that most nuns today don't know the real meaning of being a nun, and those who know don't have the courage to fight the 'filth within the church'. \"it is one reason why Amen (autobiography of Sister Jesmi), or Swasthi become a rare experience. Many things described in these books are the hard facts that happen there every day,\" she said.She thanked a Nair woman Subhadra and an adivasi Kelu for the spiritual uplift they gave to her after she quit the seminary. \"It gave me the power to continue my life in the path shown by Christ,\" she said.Releasing the book at the Jawahar Library here, noted writer C V Balakrishnan said the book is a statement of truth and Sister Mary exposed it because it is a sin to conceal the truths.Writer Taha Madayi received the first copy. Write P Surendran, who presided over the function, said Swasthi is a book of resistance by a woman who is a staunch follower of Christ. Published by Kairali Books, Kannur, this book is priced at Rs 85.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/cuttack", "code": "12988326", "title": "Fire official drowns in Mahanadi during underwater training", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/CUTTACK: A fire services official drowned in the Mahanadi on Thursday during an underwater training programme at Banki. The deceased, Shailendu Mohanty, (52) was posted as assistant fire officer in Cuttack.Mohanty, whom his colleagues described as a good swimmer, was among 20 fire services personnel who were undergoing training on the use of a new underwater breathing apparatus imported from Sweden that can be used to carry out rescue operation in deep water.The tragic incident occurred in the presence of around 50 firefighters including senior officers and fire services chief Binay Behera. A Swedish trainer was also present at the site.\"There was no negligence on our part. All officers took adequate precautions before plunging into water with the new apparatus. Mohanty's death was an unfortunate accident,\" Behera said.\"After staying underwater for nearly 10 minutes, everybody came out except Mohanty. Our divers then plunged into the river and found him unconscious. His oxygen mask had come off,\" Behera said.\"Though we pulled him out and rushed him to SCB medical college, he was declared brought dead. He was one of the finest officers with 30 years' experience,\" Behera said.\"We are trying to find out how the oxygen mask got unfastened. Perhaps he felt suffocated and removed it in haste. There could be a mechanical error in the air cylinder,\" Behera said. Sources said there was enough oxygen in the cylinder, weighing around 4 kg.Mohanty could have escaped death had he utilized the jacket available with him. \"There was a jacket fitted along with the device on the body. It was very light. Mohanty could have come to the surface had he pressed a button to fill air into the jacket. The jacket could have helped him float on water,\" Behera said.A pall of gloom hung over Mohanty's house after his death. His father had also served in the fire services wing, sources said. Mohanty won many awards for his contribution to fire services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12992489", "title": "Pakistan's Coke Studio returns with a new season", "text": "Coke Studio Season 5 aims to introduce new genres and fusion where featured artists explore their heritage while showcasing the ir unique styles. Since its inception in Season 1, Coke Studio has explored layers of meaning, cultural identity and spiritual philosophies that lie behind each artistic expression.This season, maintaining the same approach of subtlety, Coke Studio enables the audiences to witness a journey into the heart of our identity as a nation and cultivate a sense of pride.Further, this season Coke Studio will be exploring unique aspects of our culture by highlighting regional language songs and artists, introducing some gifted, yet virtually unknown young singers who have arrived on this platform through their talents, passion and creativity. Season 5 will also showcase the creative and intellectual rediscovery of featured artists who return to Coke Studio for a second time while the young artists aim to discover their heritage by incorporating parts of Sufi poetry and philosophy in their music and writing.To this end Season 5 witnesses Rohail Hyatt back at the helm and features: Atif Aslam , Bilal Khan, Bohemia, Chakwalis, Fareed Ayaz and Abu Muhammad, Hadiqa Kiyani, Humayun Khan, Meesha Shafi, Tahir Mithu, Overload, Qayaas, SYMT and Uzair Jaswal.Season 5 also marks the return of the house band with Kamran 'Mannu' Zafar on bass, Asad Ahmed on guitar, Babar Ali Khanna on dholak, Javed Iqbal on violin, Omran 'Momo' Shafique on guitar, Sikander Mufti on multi-percussions and Rachel Viccaji and Zoe Viccaji on backing vocals . Joining the house band this season are two new talents: Farhad Humayun on drums and Mubashir Admani on keyboards.Speaking about Coke Studio, Rizwan U. Khan, Country Manager of The Coca-Cola Export Corporation, has said , \" This year, Coke Studio completes five glorious seasons of a mystical music journey. Coke Studio has enthralled audiences all over the world and continues to promote our rich and unique culture. I am sure that this season will bring many more surprises for our audiences.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12992924", "title": "It was my dream debut: Biplab Samantray", "text": "Team Hyderabad's Biplab Samantray says he partied like crazy after the win against Team Pune in Cuttack.Your debut also marked a win for Team Hyderabad. How was the experience?It was exhilarating! I not only made my debut on my home ground but my team also won. Nothing could have been better for me. It felt like all my wishes were granted at one go.Were you nervous?A little. As it was my first game, expectations were sky high. All my family and friends were present there and I had to perform well for them as well as for my team. But my coach, Darren Scott Lehmann, and captain Sangakkara were extremely cool and supportive. They told me just to play my usual game and everything will be all right. That actually helped a lot. My parents were really proud of me. Post-match, when my mother called me, she was too excited.Whose performance inspired you in this season of IPL?I'm thoroughly impressed by Kumar Sangakkara. He is my idol. He is not only an excellent human being but also a captain that every cricketer aspires to be. I am great fan of his talent and playing style. But his attitude towards the game and life in general impress me the most. I have learnt and am still learning a lot from him.Are you superstitious about anything while playing?I think every sportsman is more or less superstitious. I have one major superstition, though it's kind of silly. I always tie the laces of my pad twice before going to the field. I feel it ensures good performance. The rational side of me knows very well that this doesn't matter at all. But superstitions defy logic in any case. Isn't it?Did you save anything to remember your first match?I have my memories with me and I think they are the best kind of memorabilia.How were the post-match celebrations?We had a crazy party. It was just for Team Hyderabad's members. All of us were on a high after the win. I am not a great dancer. So, I watched while others shook a leg. The party went on till late in the night. I hope that we continue with our winning spree so that we can celebrate this way after every match.Now that you are in Chennai for today's match, is it only practice for you?No. Ankit (Sharma) and I will be trying to catch a show of \"The Avengers\". I am a great fan of Hollywood action flicks and have been eagerly waiting for this movie to release. The Hulk is my favourite character there. Watching his performance on screen will be fun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "bhagalpur", "code": "12988941", "title": "Bhagalpur Bihar Administrative Services officials to boycott minister", "text": "BHAGALPUR: Upset over state health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey's remark that the bureaucracy was a stumbling block in the way of development, the Bhagalpur unit of Bihar Administrative Services Association (BASA) has decided to boycott his programmes till he tenders an apology.The state administrative services officials based in Bhagalpur also wore black badges on Thursday in protest. Sources said the Bhagalpur BASA unit is sending a memorandum to the state unit of BASA as well as chief minister Nitish Kumar in this regard.\"Vikas mein naukarshahi badhak hai,\" the minister, a BJP MLA from Bhagalpur, had said while addressing a meeting organized as part of the two-day 'Swasthya Mahakumbh' at Bhagalpur recently. BASA sources said the minister was obliquely referring to the Bhagalpur district magistrate and local administration.BASA's district unit secretary Khurshid Akram told TOI, \"We will boycott every programme of the health minister till he seeks unconditional apology for his derogatory remarks.\"Minister Choubey said he did not say anything against any particular individual. \"It was a general remark about the delayed execution of development projects,\" he said on Thursday.Meanwhile, workers of different political parties on Thursday staged a dharna here in protest against the health minister's remark.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12989875", "title": "Pourakarmikas will get cashless treatment: HDMC", "text": "HUBLI: The HDMC has implemented the Minimum Wages Act for pourakarmikas working on contract basis and about 1,700 pourakarmikas are receiving Rs 245 daily wage, HDMC commissioner K V Trilokchandra said on Thursday.He told the media here that Rs 3.5 crore has been provided for improve facilities in 16 pourakarmika colonies in the twin cities. There is a tie-up with some hospitals to offer cashless treatment to pourakarmikas, he said. All houses in Hubli-Dharwad will be covered under the door-to-door garbage collection initiative. Biometric attendance system will be introduced in all wards, and attempts are being made to stop indiscriminate disposal of biomedical waste, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12989577", "title": "Uncertainty over GO 45 grounds over 100 realty projects in state", "text": "HYDERABAD: With the state government putting the crucial GO-45 on the backburner, more than 100 realty projects across the state are in a limbo. Uncertain about the likely amendments to be made to the GO, developers rue that they have no choice but to put on hold their ventures that were slated to take off last year. Apart from Hyderabad, real estate projects in Rangareddy, Visakhapatnam, Vijayawada, Warangal and other districts are now faced with a similar fate.The department of Municipal Administration and Urban Development (MA&UD;), in January 2010, had issued the GO-45 directing all builders to earmark 20% of developed land for economically weaker sections (EWS) and lower income groups ( LIG) in all public and private housing projects measuring over one acre. The GO came in for severe criticism from the realty industry with developers demanding either its withdrawal or change in clauses. Following the debate over the feasibility of the GO, the state department constituted a high-level committee to look into the matter and suggest changes. The reissuing of the order has now been pending for over 15 months.\"In the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) limits alone there are not less than 50 projects that have been forced to stall, thanks to the government's delay in acting on the order,\" said C Sekhar Reddy, president, Confederation of Real Estate Developers Association of India (CREDAI-Andhra Pradesh) explaining the ramifications of this prolonged wait.With fresh projects not taking off, he said, that the market was gradually being pushed towards a demand-supply gap. \"This drop in supply will in turn affect the price of property in the city. If a decision is not taken soon, the rates can go up by as much as 40-50% in future,\" Reddy added.In Visakhapatnam, the next largest realty market in the state after Hyderabad, the situation is much the same. Industry sources indicate that at least 50 projects are waiting to start once the amended GO is issued.\"Developers have withheld submission of plans as they want to wait and watch what the government finally decides. Apart from spiralling interest rate on the land, builders are also being bogged down by other overheads due to this unwarranted delay,\" said B Raja Srinivas, proprietor of Lakshmi Associates and CREDAI official from Visakhapatnam. Srinivas rued that his company was holding on to seven and half acres of land in Kakinada because of the same reason, much like other builders in Vijayawada. In this district too, sources indicate, at least 10 major projects are stuck in the pipeline.While developers are growing impatient, the MA&UD; seems to be least perturbed. They claim that it is an important decision and is bound to take time. \"The amendments need the approval of the chief minister. Deliberations are on and we will come out with a revised GO when that is done,\" said Busi Sam Bob, principal secretary, MA&UD;, while refusing to spell out a timeframe to end the uncertainty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12992529", "title": "9 get life sentence in 2002 Ode riot case", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Gujarat court in Anand district awarded life sentence to nine people and acquitted 32 people in connection with a third case related to 2002 Ode massacre.The case relates to the killing of three people who were burnt to death by a mob at Mal Bhaghol area of Ode village in Anand district following the Godhra train carnage. Forty-one people have gone undergone undergoing trial in the case.This is the third case of the 2002 riots at Ode village being probed by the Supreme Court appointed Special Investigation Team (SIT).On March 1, 2002, as communal riots spread across Gujarat after the Godhra train-burning incident, a mob attacked about 20 Muslim homes in Ode. Members of several families in the neighbourhood took refuge in one three-storeyed house. The mob set fire to it. According to a survivor, a total of 23 people were killed in the three-hour-long horror.This is the third case of the 2002 riots at Ode village, probed by the Supreme Court appointed Special Investigation Team (SIT). According to details of this case, during communal violence that broke out in Ode village of Anand after the Godhra train burning incident on February 27, 2002, three persons including two women were burnt to death by a mob in Malav Bhagol area of the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12992109", "title": "I had to slide on cactus for Border", "text": "It was the peak of winter in Bikaner. And we were shooting in the middle of the desert. It felt like I was moving on ice. That's how cold it was. And we were shooting alongside the Indian army. I was portraying the real life character. In JP Dutta's Border, the scene when I fight a tank to death, has to be my toughest till date.We were shooting with live bullets. A captain from the Indian Army taught us how to put the guns together, load them and then fire. In the scene, my gun gets jammed. It was actually a one take shot where I had to remove the coil of my LMG gun, reload it from the belt of bullets. And then fire the 240 bullets in one round. My fingers have never fired faster. The gun recoiled. It had a fantastic rhythm.When I saw the tank in front of me, the expression on my face was very real. I had never felt as patriotic. And when you have such a patriotic feeling in your heart you forget that the temperature is sub zero. The sand was like cold water. Even the army refused to put their foot on the sand. They called us mad. In fact, one of them even commented that our job was perhaps tougher than theirs.Then came the bullets. I was hit by 10-12 bullets. Every time a bullet hit me, I had tears in my eyes. It was insane. I also had to slide down this slope full of cacti. There were two or three cameras rolling leaving very little room for error.JP was clear about how he wanted the scene - an Indian soldier with a live bomb walking towards the tank. The tank doesn't withdraw. And neither does the soldier. I had to fall on my feet and hail 'Ma Shakti'. And cut.After the shot, I felt so energetic. Even today, when I meet people from the forces, they talk about this character. After the film released, I went to Metro to watch it. The entire theatre got up and applauded that scene. That's when I realised how important it is to do a patriotic film.This was my toughest scene, my toughest film and also the most satisfying.As told to Mehul S Thakkar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12988330", "title": "12 impish kids steal hearts at 59th National Film Awards ceremony", "text": "NEW DELHI: On a day when strong provocative themes in regional languages dominated the 59th National Film Awards, thespian Soumitra Chatterjee's sombre admission that the entertainment business was not for him rivaled with main entertainment hoon Vidya Balan in a happy pink. The duo, stars in their own right, may have walked away with the loudest applause but what stole the hearts of the audience on Thursday evening were 12 impish boys and girls who were nominated for their roles in Stanley Ka Dabba and Chillar Party.Bengali cinema legend Soumitra Chatterjee was conferred on the prestigious Dada Saheb Phalke award by Vice President Hamid Ansari. Speaking after receiving the award 77-year-old Chatterjee said, \"I'm really not in the frame of mind to say anything. I have always been in doubt about my work. I always thought that entertainment business was not worthwhile.\"Speaking on the occasion, Ansari, who in a departure from convention gave away the awards, said that the awards had proved that contrary to popular perception Indian cinema was neither populist nor confined to stereotypes. Usually, the President confers the film awards.I&B; minister Ambika Soni said that the awards sent out a clear message that regional languages continued to be the mainstay of Indian cinema. She hoped that top honours to regional films would encourage young directors to make films.The Best Film was shared by films Deool (Marathi) produced by Abhijeet Gholap and directed by Umesh Vinayak Kulkarni and Byari (Byari language) produced by T H Althaf Hussain and directed by Suveeram. In the non-feature film category, the top honour went to And We Play On (Hindi &amp; English) directed and produced by Pramod Purswane.In the Feature Film category, five films have won three awards each including The Dirty Picture (Hindi), Balgandharva (Marathi), Anhe Ghorey Da Daan (Punjabi), Deool (Marathi) and Ranjana Ami Ar Ashbo Na (Bengali). Six films have won two awards each. These are Chillar Party (Hindi), Azhagarsamiyin Kuthirai (Tamil), Aaranyakandam (Tamil), Phijigee Mani (Manipuri) , Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara (Hindi) and Game (Hindi).While Balan won the award for best actress for her role in Dirty Picture, Girish Kulkarni won the Swarn Kamal for best actor in Deool (Marathi). Azhagarsamiyin Kuthirai (Tamil) won the award for Wholesome Entertainment, while 11 cast members of Chillar Party won the award for child artistes. They shared this with Partho Gupte who acted in Stanley Ka Dabba.The Best director went to Gurvinder Singh for Punjabi film Anhe Ghorey Da Daan, while best singer was awarded to Anand Bhate for Marathi film Balgandharva and Roopa Ganguly for Bengali film Abosheyshey. Kumararaja Thiagarajan has won the Indira Gandhi Award for Best Debut Film of a director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12989737", "title": "Land acquisition hits Mysore airport expansion plans", "text": "MYSORE: The air connectivity to Mysore is getting back on track. That is good news. But the air operators, who are looking at Mysore to extend their network and cut down the cost of operation, will have to wait long as the expansion plans has hit air pocket.The workable Mysore airport could restart commercial operations handling short-haul flights by month-end, but will have to wait to link to metros. The Rs 90-crore facility, built by the Airports Authority of India (AAI), is waiting for the execution of Phase II, which in effect will allow wider-bodied aircrafts, including Boeing and Airbus, to operate directly to the tourist hub. Now, the airport handles smaller aircraft, including ATR-72 flights, which has 60-seat capacity.The AAI had sought 311 acres additionally for the expansion project. While a part of it is acquired and handed over to the AAI, there is no word on the acquisition of land to realign a part of NH-212 connecting Mysore to Nanjangud. It is crucial since the proposed runway cuts through the existing highway, and the AAI has made it known that unless the highway is realigned, it will not start the expansion project. \"There is proposal to realign a part of NH-212. But there is no word on acquisition of land to build new highway,\" a senior official told The Times of India. Worse still, the existing highway is proposed to be upgraded into a four-lane one between Mysore and Nanjangud. There are plans to build a new highway connecting Mysore to Nanjangud. \"But we have no direction to acquire the land for the proposed highway,\" he explained.This is when six operators are interested to connect to Mysore and are seeking extension of the runway. There is pressure at Bengaluru International (BIA) Airport and they are looking at Mysore for night operations. This can be done only if the runway is extended.DC P S Vastrad admitted the need to upgrade the airport. The airport at Bangalore has reached saturation. \"It can handle 82 flights an hour. Now, the operators are seeking to extend the operation to Mysore, which will be sister city of Bangalore when it comes to air connectivity,\" he stated.During a meeting in early February, the stakeholders had asked the government to focus on expansion plan pointing at the pressure on BIA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12988359", "title": "J Dey murder case: Jigna Vora sent to hospital with abdominal pain", "text": "MUMBAI: Journalist Jigna Vora, who is in judicial custody for her alleged role in the murder of scribe J Dey, was taken to J J Hospital on Thursday after she complained of severe pain in her abdomen.According to a court witness, Vora has been feeling unwell for the past few days. She is asthmatic and of late, the attacks had been frequent, he said.\"She came to hospital in the noon. She was sent for a number of tests and treated for abdominal pain and asthma,\" said a source in J J Hospital. Jigna is also being tested for tuberculosis, reports of which are awaited.\"She has a pain in the right lumbar region (abdominal region), a symptom for urinary tract infection. In the preliminary examination, no such complications were found, but we will be able to confirm the nature of her troubles after the reports come,\" said a doctor from the medicine department.The special MCOCA court on Wednesday directed the jail authorities to provide a balanced diet to Vora, citing liver problem. The move came after Vora's counsel filed an application in court saying she suffered from liver ailment and that she needed home-cooked food, rich in carbohydrate diet and leafy vegetables. Earlier, the jail medical had also prescribed similar diet for Vora.J J Hospital, however, has not confirmed the diagnosis. So far, Vora has been advised blood test and USG , apart from those for urine sensitivity and sonography for gynecological problems. \"She is not suffering from any major problem. As of now, she has been prescribed antibiotics, painkillers and antacids. Once all the reports come, we will be able to decide on the next course of action,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12988233", "title": "Court to hear PIL on biomedical waste on July 6", "text": "ALLAHABAD: On a PIL alleging improper management for disposal of biomedical waste, the Allahabad high court has fixed July 6 for next hearing.The matter is being heard by a two-judge bench of Justice Amit Saran and Justice PKS Baghel.The PIL, filed by Advocates Awareness Association, Allahabad, has alleged that about 20 units blood were dumped near Malaka railway crossing in the city.Appearing on behalf of the petitioner, advocate DK Tiwari told the court that under Biomedical Waste (management and handling) Rules 1998 and 2011, there is a provision for biomedical waste and constitution of monitoring authorities in this regard. The court directed the standing counsel to explain whether monitoring committee has been constituted in Allahabad or not in this regard.The court has also asked whether registers are being maintained on biomedical waste as provided in the Rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12987432", "title": "Nine accused sent to police custody", "text": "LUCKNOW: Nine accused arrested in connection with multi-crore foodgrain scam were remanded in police custody of 48 hours by a CBI court on Thursday.These accused are Gyan Swaroop Shukla, Shiv Naresh Singh, Satya Prakash Agarwal, Jagdish Kumar Verma, Kailash Nath Sharma, Rakesh Kumar alias Rajan, Mohd Sattar Khan, Sanjay Gupta alias Chunnu and Krishnapal Sharma. Judge Surendra Singh passed the order on the application of CBI, which sought the remand to know the beneficiaries of the scam. These accused have been booked for siphoning of Rs 3.5 crore by smuggling PDS foodgrains to Bangladesh .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12988335", "title": "Cordon off Dandi Pul: High court", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Thursday asked the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) to properly cordon off the area around Dandi Pul and get it cleaned up.A division bench ordered the civic body to take immediate measures to see that no untoward incident takes place. The court had taken suo motu cognizance of the fire that had broken out at the bridge on the eve of World Heritage Day.The court issued interim directions after two petitioners highlighted the fact that the AMC had been asked by various authorities to take care of the heritage structure on umpteen occasions, but nothing had been done in this regard.Appearing for petitioner from Gandhi Ashram Hemant Chauhan, advocate Rashmin Jani for submitted 48 documents showing how various authorities like the Prime Minister's Office, governor of Gujarat, Gandhi Ashram, Gujarat Pollution Control Board (GPCB), Gujarat Water Supply and Sewerage Board and the Revenue Ministry had directed the city commissioner to preserve the structure.While the PMO had asked the corporation to maintain the heritage structure last September, the GPCB conducted an inspection and issued directions to AMC to divert the sewerage to make the area stench-free.The petitioners also submitted a map showing AMC scheme designed to construct and develop a pond named Mahatma Gandhi Jal Sarovar, a garden and a picnic house. However, sewerage is flowing beneath the bridge at present carrying drainage from Kaligam to Sabarmati river.The civic body tried to defend itself by terming the submission as allegations, but the bench said, \"This is a suo motu PIL. There is no question of allegations. We want remedial measures.\"The court has permitted the two petitioners, both from the Gandhi Ashram, to become party in this litigation and kept further hearing on the issue on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12993219", "title": "Chhattisgarh government relieves Alex Paul Menon as Sukma collector", "text": "BHOPAL: Hours after IAS officer Alex Paul Menon returned home from Maoist captivity, Chhattisgarh government on Friday relieved him of the charge of collector of trouble-torn tribal Sukma district in tribal Bastar region.\"O P Choudhary, the district collector of neighbouring Dantewada district, has been given additional charge of Sukma till further orders,\" an official spokesman said.Alex Paul Menon, a 2006 batch IAS officer and first collector of Sukma district, is expected to proceed on leave for few days. He was in Maoists' captivity for 12 days ever since his abduction from a remote village on April 21.Sukma, which was carved out of strife-torn Dantewada, as a new district in January this year is a Maoist hotspot as major incidents of Naxal violence took place in this part-a tri-junction of Chhattisgarh, Orissa and Andhra Pradesh.In 2010, the rebels had massacred 76 security personnel, including 75 from the CRPF, in the forests of Tadmetla.No swap deal for release of collector: Raman Singh Chattisgarh CM Raman Singh and the Maoists' mediators on Friday emphatically said there was no secret deal or any quid pro quo between Naxals and the state government behind the release of Sukma collector Alex Paul Menon after he was held hostage for 12 days.\"There is no secret deal or any understanding to facilitate the release of Alex Paul Menon,\" Singh told reporters when asked whether there was any understanding between the state government and the rebels to bring to an end the 12-day hostage crisis.At a press conference in Sukma, the two Maoists' mediators, B D Sharma and Prof Hargopal, who facilitated the release of Menon denied any secret deal for the freedom of the Collector.S K Mishra, one of the two government mediators, also categorically said there was no \"secret deal\" or any \"quid pro quo\" between the two sides.\"Everything is in public domain,\" he said referring to the agreement reached at between the mediators of the state government and the Maoists that paved the way for the release of the official.Under the agreement, the government had agreed to set up a high-powered committee under the chairmanship of Nirmala Buch, one of the two Government mediators, to review the cases of all prisoners languishing in Chattisgarh jails including the cases demanded by the Maoists.(Inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12987556", "title": "DU prays for Assam boat tragedy victims", "text": "Students and teachers of Delhi University , under the aegis of Pooberun, a youth body comprising students from the northeast, organized a candlelight prayer meeting in North Campus on Thursday in memory of the victims of Dhubri boat tragedy. Over 100 people died in the incident on April 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12989233", "title": "Harvard, MIT to launch free online courses soon", "text": "NEW YORK: Harvard University and Massachusetts Institute of Technology have joined hands to launch an ambitious $60 million initiative under which they will offer free online courses to students , a collaboration that will be headed by Indian-origin professor Anant Agarwal.The new online education platform 'EdX' would be overseen by a Cambridge-based not-for-profit organization and be owned and governed equally by the two universities . MIT and Harvard have committed $30 million each in institutional support, grants and philanthropy to launch the collaboration.Director of MIT's Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, Agarwal led the development of the platform.At Harvard, Provost Alan Garber will direct the effort, according to statements from the two universities.\"EdX represents a unique opportunity to improve education on our own campuses through online learning, while simultaneously creating a bold new educational path for millions of learners worldwide,\" MIT president Susan Hockfield said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12990068", "title": "Munnabhai racket: Madhya Pradesh cops raid coaching centre, hostel in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: The Madhya Pradesh police conducted raids on a prominent medical entrance preparation coaching institute and boys hostel in Kakadeo and Geeta Nagar localities of Kanpur on Wednesday. The raids were in connection with the hunt for kingpin of a 'Munnabhai' racket, who is said to have lured three CPMT aspirants into solving the AIEEE paper held on April 29. The kingpin of the racket has been absconding.A police tem from Jabalpur, along with one of the accused, Mulayam Singh, a resident of Azamgarh in Uttar Pradesh, reached Kakadeo. Mulayam Singh, a Class XII passout, was preparing for Combined Pre-Medical Test (CPMT) at a renowned coaching centre in Kakadeo in Kanpur city. Reportedly, along with two other medical aspirants, Shaikh Shahid and Akash alias Pintu, both residents of Pratapgarh, Mulayam had been lured by one Sanjay Chandel to appear in the AIEEE paper in place of three other students. The three students were residing in separate hostels in Geeta Nagar.The Jabalpur police from the investigations done so far have learnt that Sanjay had baited the medical aspirants for appearing in place of three other students at different examination centres in Jabalpur. It was when their photos fixed on the admit cards did not match with those students, who had to appear in the AIEEE, and they were nabbed by the police.The arrested students told police that for doing this task, Sanjay had promised to pay Rs 30,000 each and an advance of Rs 5,000 had already been paid to them. Acting on a tip-off from these three Munnabhais, the Jabalpur police reached Kanpur on Wednesday and searched the hostels where the accused used to stay. They also reached the coaching centre where they had enrolled themselves for preparing for the medical entrance exam.Sanjay Chandel, the mastermind , has been absconding and the Jabalpur police team is now on the lookout for him. Sanjay has also been stated to be a resident of Kanpur.Virendra Singh, a sub-inspector with the Jabalpur police team, said that Mulayam Singh was caught writing the exam in place of Ram Sevak. Similarly, Shahid and Akash were allegedly writing the exam in place of Kallu and Ankur, respectively, and therefore, all the three have been arrested. He said that the matter was under investigation and added that the incident revealed that some kind of racket has been operating to lure bright students with money to appear for the exam on behalf of others. He also said that all the three medical aspirants were guilty of involvement in the racket and admitted that their greed ruined their career.This is the second case of Munnabhai arrest as on April 29, when All India Engineering Entrance Exam was conducted by CBSE, four HBTI students were nabbed by sleuths of Special Task Force (STF) of UP from different examination centres in Agra. These students were solvers and were caught writing exam in place of other AIEEE aspirants. The authorities of Harcourt Butler Technological Institute (HBTI) on finding the involvement of its four students into the illegal activity, decided to suspend all of them from the institute. They would also be debarred from attending the classes and appearing in the semester exams. The proctorial board of HBTI has been investigating the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12988821", "title": "All govt printing press to be modernized: Modi", "text": "PATNA: Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi, on Thursday, said all the state government printing press would be modernized so that state's documents could be published there. Modi, who dedicated the new machines installed at Gulzarbagh printing press to the people, said it was set up in 1912.It has been modernized at a cost of over Rs 1.88 crore. He said 11 new machines and 14 computers have been installed in this press. Modi said a training centre would be started at the press soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12992287", "title": "Sanjay Masoom is busy with sequels", "text": "Writer Sanjay Masoom had always been a busy man. But right now, his time is occupied in a rather interesting way. He is currently working on five films - all of them sequels of famous franchises.Apart from Jannat 2 that hit the theatres today, Masoom has been busy scripting Aashiqui 2, Krrish 3, 1920 - The Evil returns and Raaz 3 .When contacted, Masoom said laughing, \"It's ironical but also very challenging. As a writer, I have a very thin line to tread. The characters in these films are already established and I can't go beyond that. The bigger challenge is to go a step further and better the original. In Aashiqui 2, I am even writing the songs. So you can imagine the pressure. The music of Aashiqui is still fresh and popular. At the same time, each and every sequel that I have penned, has gone on to become a hit. So, I am enjoying this phase too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12987931", "title": "No quota for poor in Mayo College", "text": "JAIPUR: The Mayo College in Ajmer, a premier school in the country, claimed in the Rajasthan High Court on Wednesday that it was not bound by the RTE Act to admit students belonging to poor and weaker sections of the society, as the Supreme Court had clarified that schools which are running day-boardings and are residential in nature are not governed by RTE Act.Senior advocate Abhay Bhandari, who appeared for Mayo College in the court, said: \"There will be no admission for weaker section students in 25% seats as the Supreme Court has clarified that boarding schools are not covered by Right to Education Act, and they are free to make their admission policies.\"The court was hearing a writ petition pending before it for some time.\"It has further been clarified that the Union government would issue a separate notification clarifying this position shortly, as per the direction of the Supreme Court,\" said Bhandari, talking to TOI.Earlier, a writ petition was filed in the high court challenging the direction of National Commission for Child Rights Protection and Ajmer district administration, requiring the school to undo the admissions made for the current session and follow the provisions of the Act. Later the issue was brought before the Supreme Court, which delivered a detailed judgment last month.On Wednesday, when the hearing came up before the high court, counsel Bhandari told the court that the issue raised in the petition before the high court has already been settled by the Supreme Court in the Unaided Private Schools of Rajasthan vs. Union of India case. As such, the writ may be disposed of. The bench then ordered the writ to be disposed of, meaning, that there will be no quota for poor in Mayo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12989283", "title": "Bengal panchayat polls likely in December-end", "text": "KOLKATA: The panchayat polls, chief minister Mamata Banerjee's top political priority, are likely to be held in the last week of December. They were originally scheduled for next May, but the Mamata regime has decided bring the dates forward by six months.The Trinamool Congress chief is determined to wrest the three-tier panchayats from the Left and is keen to contest the polls early while her party remains confident of sweeping the rural council votes even without ally Congress. Mamata's development initiatives in her first year in office have focused on rural Bengal. She also brought in the veteran Subrata Mukherjee as her panchayat and rural development minister in place of Chandranath Sinha to head her rural drive.On Thursday, Mukherjee told TOI, \"As per the panchayat act, elections can be held six months ahead of schedule. Everyone wants the polls to commence in the winter.\" He hinted at a late December or early January date, even while insisting that the final decision would have to be taken by the party. Sources in the government revealed the decision had already been taken at the party level. Officials are working with a December-end date in mind. Chief secretary Samar Ghosh has been asked to prepare the administration for the polls.Senior officials in departments of health, panchayat and rural development, food and supplies have been asked to complete projects on a \"war footing\". Several key projects have been given a June deadline so that they aren't delayed by the monsoon. The code of conduct will come into effect just around Puja.Advancing panchayat poll dates will not pose functional or legal hurdles for the government. However, the current representatives in the panchayats must complete their tenure of five years and will stay in office till May. The new elected members will have to wait for six months - which is next June - to take over. The last panchayat elections were held in May 2008.Mukherjee explained, \"It's very simple. Even if we bring forward the elections, the newly elected representatives should wait for their predecessors to complete their five-year terms before assuming office.\" Polls to the three-tier panchayats are conducted by the state election commission (SEC). The state government is likely to formally inform the SEC about the date in July.There are 17 zilla parishads and one mahakuma parishad, 755 zilla parishad constituencies, 8,864 panchayat samiti constituencies in 341 panchayat samitis and 36,016 panchayat constituencies in 3,354 gram panchayats. Once the SEC is formally informed, it will start working on the reservation schedule for each constituency. Notification for the election will be published once the claims and objections for reserved seats are done. Apart from the SC/ST quota, 50% of seats will have to be reserved for women. The block development officers (BDOs) will be returning officers for the gram panchayat and the panchayat samity polls while the sub-divisional officer (SDO) will be the same for the zilla parishads.In all, 135 panchayats and three zilla parishads - Murshidabad, Nadia and North 24-Parganas - are being run by the district administration on ground that were in minority since the Left debacle in the 2011 assembly elections. The Trinamool has been complaining that the panchayats run by the Left parties are non-performers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12988165", "title": "Overbridges set to make railway crossings safer", "text": "NOIDA: After the commissioning of the railway overbridge (ROB) at Dankaur crossing, four more such structures on the eastern periphery of Gautam Budh Nagar, which are in various stages of completion, are expected to further streamline traffic to neighbouring districts of Bulandshahr and Aligarh. All projects are being jointly developed by the Uttar Pradesh Bridge Corporation (UPBC) and the Railway Board. While two double-lane ROBs at Wair and Sikanderpur railway crossings have reached an advanced stage of construction and will be commissioned by August 2012, the remaining two ROBs, at Khurja and Chola crossings, have already received the sanction of the Railway Board and are awaiting clearance from the state government.The busy railway line, which runs along the eastern periphery of Gautam Budh Nagar, is a great hindrance for vehicular movement from Gautam Buddh Nagar to the neighbouring districts of western Uttar Pradesh, because of constant jams at the railway crossings. Several accidents have also been reported in the past at these crossings when vehicles and commuters cross the tracks in spite of it being closed to allow trains to pass through.Commissioning of these ROBs and the upgrading of Dankaur ROB to four lanes would ensure that there is seamless flow of traffic from Gautam Budh Nagar towards other districts of western UP.The Wair and Sikanderpur ROBs are being constructed on crossing numbers 136 and 131 and are each 737m in length. While the Wair crossing is being constructed at a budget of Rs 18.48 crore, the Sikanderpur crossing has a budget of around Rs 17.5 crore. While the Wair ROB would connect Jewar with Wair through Sikandrabad, the Sikanderpur crossing would connect Kakod in Bulandshahr. Both ROBs have two lanes.\"In these ROBs, the approach roads are being developed by the UPBC while the portions over the railway lines are being developed by the Railway Board,\" said an official of UPBC.The UPBC informed that the ROB at Khurja, built at railway crossing number 129B, has been approved by the Railway Board and its proposal is awaiting clearance from the state government. \"Work is ready to begin on this ROB, once the budget proposal is cleared by the state government,\" said the UPCB official.The proposal for the ROB at the Chola station on railway crossing number 134B, designed to be a four-lane flyover, has already been cleared by the Railway Board. \"This proposal would shortly be sent to the state government for approval,\" said the official.All five ROB projects, including the recently commissioned Dankaur ROB, had been initiated by the erstwhile Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) government in Uttar Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12990050", "title": "Karnataka now battles retirement blues", "text": "BANGALORE: Over the next few months, Karnataka's senior bureaucrats will be a busy lot - with their send-offs. These include senior IAS officers K Jairaj, SM Jaamdar and K Jothiramalingam, who retire this month-end.All this only accentuates the severe shortage of IAS and IPS officers in thestate,with the Centre notheeding repeated requests to sanction at least 10 IAS and IPS posts every year.Of 299 IAS sanctioned posts, there areonly 249officers, a shortage of 50. The police service is short of 68 posts with only 137 officers while the sanctioned posts are 205. That's a shortage of 118 posts at the top level.Retirement of IAS and IPS officers in large numbers this year has only added to the government's woes - 17 IAS officers (five have already retired ), while in IPS, Shankar M Bidari and AR Infant are retiring this month. Nearly 100 officers will retire in four years.\"There has been regular communication between state and Centre. We requested the sanction of at least 10-12 IAS and 10 IPS every year to the state, but the Centre is allotting only 6-7 IAS and 5 IPS posts. This has led to the gap,\" Mohammad Sanaulla, secretary, department and personal and administrative reforms (DPAR ), told TOI.The Centre reviewed the IAS cadre at the end of 2008. The Union government sanctioned 40 posts to the state, which rose from 259 to 299 in 2008, after whichtherehasbeen no review.Of course, this problem is not unique to Karnataka. The IAS and IPS face a shortage of over 3,100 officers across the country, making it difficult for many states to clear administrative work and post senior copson the groundtoface variousinternal security challenges. While IPS is short of 1,327 officers, IAS faces shortage of 1,777 officers with maximum vacancies reported from Uttar Pradesh (216 ).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12988649", "title": "Sachin, Rekha yet to announce date for taking oath as Rajya Sabha member", "text": "NEW DELHI: Newly-nominated Rajya Sabha members - Sachin Tendulkar , Rekha and Anu Aga - have not yet indicated 'dates' for taking oath, nor has the Upper House secretariat allotted any 'seat' for them.\"They can take oath on any working day by informing the Rajya Sabha at short notice. They will be allotted seats from among the vacant seat numbers - 98, 99 and 103 - on a first-come-first-serve basis. These seats are currently vacant following retirement of three nominated members since February,\" said an official of the Upper House secretariat.Reacting to reports that talked about seating arrangements for Rekha and SP member Jaya Bachchan, the official said Jaya had requested to her party for rearrangement of seats immediately after taking oath on April 24 as she wanted to be seated along with her other party colleagues.\"It is for her party to take a decision on rearrangement from among the seats allotted to it. Rajya Sabha secretariat has nothing to do with it\", he said, pointing that Jaya had made her request two days before the announcement of the government's decision to nominate Rekha for the Upper House.The SP has decided to rearrange the seat arrangements of their members, with Jaya set to change her seat with fellow member Kiranmoy Nanda (seat number 143) after she sought to be seated along with her other party colleagues.Jaya was allotted seat number 91 along with her party colleague Brij Bhushan Tiwari (seat number - 92), who died on April 25 - a day after he took oath as a member of the Rajya Sabha. Her second request to change her seat had come after Tiwari's demise on April 25, when no one knew of government's plan to nominate Rekha.Government had sent names of Sachin, Rekha and Anu Aga to President Pratibha Patil for approval on April 26. All of them were subsequently notified as 'nominated members' a day after on April 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12992080", "title": "Randeep Hooda in Murder 3", "text": "In 2004, Murder created a new genre in the Hindi cinema industry - that of erotic thrillers. Emraan Hashmi and Mallika Sherawat became the icons of passion and sensuality.In 2011, Murder 2 took the franchise a step further with more blood, more gore, a more dangerous villain and a uber sensuous Jacqueline Fernandes . For Murder 3, Mahesh Bhatt has decided to up the thrill quotient and has signed on Randeep Hooda for a key role.Confirming the news, Mahesh Bhatt told Mirror, \"Yes, we've signed Randeep Hooda. We loved his work in Jannat 2. He is also with us in Jism 2. His stock is only going to rise. We now have him in a film that is called Murder 3.\"Mirror has learnt that Emraan Hashmi, an integral part of the Murder franchise may not be a part of the third. And Randeep Hooda has been asked to carry it forward. Though the female lead of the film has not been finalised yet, the venture is expected to go on the floors by the end of the year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "12987951", "title": "Abandoned city baby girl dies in Rohtak hospital", "text": "ROHTAK: After battling for life in the hospital for about 15 days, the newborn baby girl, found abandoned in a dustbin in Gurgaon, died at the neo-natal intensive care unit (NICU) of Pt Bhagwat Dayal Sharma Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences at Rohtak on Thursday.Doctors attending to the girl said that she was very sick from the time she was brought here and was put on ventilator. The infant was not responding to treatment as she was suffering from multiple ailments and was in shock. She was a premature baby weighing around 1.3kg and did not gain any weight during her stay at the PGIMS.The infant girl was found abandoned in a dustbin near the Ram Chowk in Gurgaon on April 18. She had been bitten by mosquitoes and also suffered bruises all over the body. After being spotted by passersby, she was rushed to a nearby hospital from where she was referred to PGIMS in Rohtak.Dr Geeta Gathwala, senior professor and head of paediatrics department, told TOI that the girl breathed her last at 9.20 on Thursday morning. \"She was a pre-term baby and was down with pneumonia, respiratory distress and had infection from the day she was brought here. She has been dropped in the bin which obviously resulted in abrasions and was also bitten by mosquitoes in the garbage bin. We had put her in the incubator at NICU,\" she said.\"She had been suffering from infections and was in a state of shock which seemed to have resulted in her death. Her feed intake was negligible which further complicated the problem,\" she added.Jaswanti, director of a Rohtak-based destitute women's shelter home, who also operates a childline for abandoned children, said that she was shocked to hear the news of the baby's death. \"Though she was very critical from the beginning, we were still praying for her recovery. It was shocking for us,\" she said. The child's body would be handed over to Gurgaon police station after which post-mortem examination would be conducted.Jaswanti demanded that police should register cases of murder under Section 302 of Indian Penal Code (IPC) against unknown parents in such cases as they had apparently abandoned the child in a most inhuman way - as a feed to stray animals.Ram Karan, PGIMS police chowki incharge, said that they had informed Gurgaon police about the death of the girl and they would take the body for cremation as the case of the abandoning of the child was registered in Gurgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12988598", "title": "Narendra Modi government plans gochar festival to placate maldharis", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The Narendra Modi government is preparing itself for yet another festival in the wake of the forthcoming elections to the state assembly. No sooner would the month-long Krishi Manotsav, to begin on May 6, ends, the state government will start yet another mahotsav specifically to woo the cow breeding community, maldharis, in selected districts where they live in large numbers.To be called \"gochar development and improvement festival\", its aim is to placate the growing impression among the maldharis that the common grazing land, meant for grazing of cattle, is being sold away to industrialists at throw away prices. Experts put maldharis population - which includes Bharvads, Rabaris and Charans - at seven per cent of Gujarat's total.A high-level Gochar festival committee is proposed under the chairmanship of the chief minister, with animal husbandry minister, Goseva Ayog chairman, Agro-Industries Corporation chairman and several government officials as its members. There will be district-level and taluka-level committees too, which will include not just local officials but also temple priests.\"The festival was initially scheduled to be held in Kutch, Amreli, Banaskantha and Tapi districts. However, there is now a distinct feeling that a large cow breeding population also lives in Sabarkantha, Dahod and Surendranagar,\" a senior official said.Pointing out that five maldhari-dominated villages of each taluka of these districts are proposed to be selected, the official said, \"File will soon be sent to the finance department for funds sanction.\"An authoritative presentation has sought to identify issues that will be taken up during the festival, even as suggesting solutions. Proposed to be made before chief minister Narendra Modi shortly, the presentation agrees that there is a real shortage of fodder for cattle in Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12989111", "title": "15 days sought to solve comunidade woes", "text": "MARGAO: Stating that he would need 10-15 days to study the matter and come up with a solution, revenue minister Francis D'Souza met members of the South Goa comunidade and heard their grievances at the South Goa district collectorate on Thursday.The comunidade members have been complaining over the last few months that their salaries have not been paid on time and had even carried out a pen down strike last year. D'Souza while addressing the members at the meeting said, \"I need about 10-15 days to study the matter and my government will try and finalise a solution in this matter.\"The meeting also demanded immediate sanction for disbursal of dividends to comunidade shareholders which have been withheld and denied for the last two years allegedly at the behest of a former revenue minister, \"Hundreds of shareholders, many of whom are senior citizens, widows and minority religious/charitable institutions, are dependent on the dividend income for their medical and other basic needs and are suffering on account of the arbitrary, highhanded and insensitive action of the revenue minister,\" alleged a member.Members also criticised the administrator of comunidades for constantly passing the buck with regard to the need of repairs to the south Goa comunidades building and demanded that the repair works be taken up on priority basis. D'Souza urged the south Goa district collector to look into this matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12991742", "title": "Mumbai businessman acquires Gandhi memorabilia in UK auction", "text": "MUMBAI: A prominent businessman from the city today announced that he has acquired 29 items of Mahatma Gandhi memorabilia at a recent auction in the UK. \"I am delighted to acquire the items, which are of national interest. I would happier had the government acquired them,\" Kamal Morarka, former Union minister and publisher, said. Morarka plans to bring the memorabilia, which he acquired through a leading auction house, to India soon. \"I am not aware if the Customs Duty will be charged on these items,\" he told.Asked how much he paid to acquire these items, Morarka said the amount exceeded a lakh pounds. \"It would not have been a big expenditure on part of the government to spend Rs 80 to 90 lakh to acquire these items at the auction,\" he said. The memorabilia includes blades of grass and soil pigmented with blood of Mahatma Gandhi and retrieved from Birla House in Delhi, where he was assassinated in 1948. The purchase was done through the Kamal Morarka Foundation for the Arts. The sale was done by Mullock's, a Shropshire-based auctioneer. The items include one of Gandhi's early pairs of iconic spectacles, the famous wooden 'charkha' (spinning wheel) he used, a prayer book signed by Gandhi and also several letters and other documents pertaining to Gandhi's life. Asked where he intended to display the items, Morarka said, \"I would be happy if the government displays them in a national museum in Delhi.The purchase is not a commercial decision but an emotional one,\" he said. \"We don't intend to re-sell such objects but to bring them back to India, so as to share with our people, these important heritage artifacts that have eluded us for long by being kept in private hands outside of India,\" Morarka said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12988980", "title": "Court puts music concert on hold", "text": "KOLKATA: A classical music concert in the memory of Pt Gyan Prakash Ghosh may not be organised at the Science City Auditorium in Kolkata on Saturday unless the organisers pay licence fee to the Indian Performing Right Society (IPRS), a city court has ruled.IPRS is a non-profit making body that monitors, protects and enforces the rig hts, interests and privileges of its members comprising authors, composers and publishers of literary and musical works, not only from India but across the world.Seeking an injunction from the VIIth bench of the City Civil Court, IPRS counsel Phiroze Edulji submitted that the body is the exclusive owner of the public performing rights of the works of members. IPRS collects royalties for the use of music (except for personal use) and then disburses it among members. The rate of royalty is fixed by the members.\"Under the Copyright Act, 1957, every broadcasting agency, shop, departmental store, showroom, emporium, restaurant, hotel, club, discotheque, bar, office establishment, television channel and music concert organiser which plays music impinges on the right of the owner of the copyright unless permission of the IPRS is sought. IPRS has a collection of over 10 million Indian and foreign works, which comprise nearly 95% of all music in the world on an individual basis and can charge licence fees on behalf of members,\" Edulji submitted.It was further submitted that IPRS came to know of plans for a classical music concert to be held at the Science City Auditorium on Saturday. On April 11, Inner Voyage Communication, the organiser, sent a notice to IPRS, seeking necessary clearance. On April 26, 20, IPRS wrote back to the organiser seeking a licence fee for the event. Another letter was sent by the IPRS advocate sent another letter on April 26,asking the organiser to obtain necessary clearance after paying licence fee but the latter paid no heed.IPRS then prayed before the court for an ad-interim injunction, restraining Inner Voyage Communication and Science City from communicating its musical work till May 25 without obtaining a licence. The court initially directed IPRS to serve notice on the organiser and Science City, asking them to show cause within 15 days why a temporary injunction shouldn't be granted to the plaintiff. The IPRS counsel, however, prayed for an ad-interim order on grounds of urgency and this was granted by the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "12988201", "title": "Girl \u2018abducted\u2019, cops rescue her from Bihar", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: The Gautam Budh Nagar police claim to have rescued a girl who was allegedly abducted by two persons from Bhatta village area. Last Sunday, Uttar Pradesh cabinet minister Azam Khan had visited her residence in Bhatta and hauled up the district police on their failure to rescue her.SP (rural) Ashok Kumar confirmed that the girl had been rescued from Bihar on Thursday morning. \"We have requested for a transit remand and she will be brought to the city on Friday. Once we question the girl, we will get to know details of the case,\" Kumar said.Azam Khan had, on Sunday, reached Bhatta-Parsaul village along with his supporters and visited the house of one Yakub Khan who alleged that her daughter was abducted by two persons identified as Satender and Dharmender on February 18. He further alleged that police, instead of putting efforts to rescue his daughter, had been sheltering the accused. Yakub also alleged that SSI Hemant Kishore Gautam posted in Dankaur police station was in contact with the accused. Following Azam Khan's visit, the SSI was transferred to police lines.Yakub Khan had earlier tied to contact Azam Khan at his residence twice to file his plea. As he could not be contacted then, Azam came to meet Yakub on Sunday.Police sources said that the girl had gone with Dharmender with consent. The two got married and also registered their marriage in a court. The Patna high court has even issued a notice to the Gautam Budh Nagar police to give the couple protection.The Gautam Budh Nagar police initially dealt with the case casually, but once the minister intervened senior police officials swung into action and conducted raids in several parts in western UP. After they got a tip-off that the girl was living in Patna, a team was sent there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "samastipur", "code": "12988803", "title": "People affirm faith in chief minister, not his officials", "text": "SAMASTIPUR: A big crowd assembled at chief minister Nitish Kumar's Janata Durbar at Patel Maidan here on Thursday, the second day of his three-day Seva Yatra in the district. Apart from youths and old men, a large number of women jostled with each other to share their problems with the CM. While some cried, others vented their anger to press for their demands.They alleged that the local officials were least bothered in solving their problems. The common refrain of those who attended the Janata Durbar with their petitions was that corruption ruled the roost in the district. The CM, who started meeting people around 9am, listened to their complaints for over four hours and stayed cool even as the complainants at times shouted and cried to convince him that all was not well in the district.Senior officials accompanying the CM were summoned time and again so that they could see for themselves what had gone wrong in their respective departments. Most of the complaints pertained to education, energy, police, gram panchayats, Indira Awas Yojana, BPL, anganwadi and bank loans.A widow, Gita Devi of Jahangirpur Panchayat, said, \"The Khanpur police are hardly bothered to take any action against my tormentors despite filing an FIR.\" Neelam Sinha of Rasalpur village under the Patori block alleged that there was rampant corruption in the appointment of schoolteachers on contract basis. Anand Kumar Trivedi of Chakmehsi said, \"The bank concerned is not granting me a loan of Rs 5 lakh because I had not agreed to grease the palms of the bank officials.\"Poor Noorjahan Khatun of Bibhutipur said that a bribe of Rs 1,000 was being demanded from her by the mukhiya for inclusion of her name in the BPL list. Archana Kumari of Govindpur Khajuri said there was a conspiracy to shift the local anganwadi kendra to Hasanpur Tirath.Sudama Devi of Gaighat (Rosera) complained about corruption in the Indira Awas Yojana while Mohd Mahfuz Alam demanded absorption of Lok Shikshaks. A large number of people, who were not allowed to enter the Patel Maidan, virtually tried to gatecrash the Maidan which was closed from inside.Later, on the intervention of range DIG Sudhanshu Kumar, the gate was opened. However, the 500-odd people had to wait for about an hour in the scorching sun to meet the CM. Many people who attended the Janata Durbar said they still have faith in the CM but they hardly expect anything from his officials in the collectorate, block offices and the police stations. Besides government officials, Binod Choudhary ,MLC, Vijay Kumar Choudhary and Renu Kumari, both ministers, and Ashwamedh Devi and Maheshwar Hazari, both MPs, were also present at the Janata Durbar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "ferozepur road", "code": "12989587", "title": "He is on a mission to spread Sikhism", "text": "FEROZEPUR ROAD: Jagmohan Singh Gill who is working for the development of Punjabi language and Sikhism in Eastern states was in Ludhiana, on Thursday. Here to discuss language related issues, he had a meeting with Punjabi Sahit Akademi chief Gurbhajan Singh Gill.Born and raised in Kolkata, Jagmohan made it his mission to spread the message of Sikh gurus in Eastern states. He said, \"Apart from promotion of Punjabi language in Eastern states, I always wanted to help bridge the gap between Sikhs living in Punjab and those in West Bengal and Bihar.''Calcutta University graduate, Jagmohan said, \"There are many villages where huge number of Sikhs are settled. I made it a point to spread the message of Sikhism in those villages, specially in young generation, who are not fully aware of Sikhism.''Along with West Bengal, Jagmohan visited villages in Bihar where Sikhs are residing, particularly concentrating in Sasaram area. He adds, \"Here, I used to organize camps to educate Sikh community and promote Punjabi language. We received an excellent response from them.''General secretary of Punjabi Sahit Sabha, Kolkata, and organizer of Sikh Mission, Purvi Bharat of SGPC, Jagmohan said, \"Our organization use to organize classes on Saturday and Sunday, in two gurudwaras located in Cotton Street - BaddaBazaar and Narkeldanga. Here we taught Gurumukhi and many aspects of Sikh religion to students.''Jagmohan, 46, who is a transporter by profession, said, \"In a world ravaged with problems like communalism, casteism and social evils, more and more Sikhs should come forward to educate themselves to rid the society of these evils.''Talking about his family background, Jagmohan said his father late Kartar Singh came to Khulna, now in Bangladesh in 1942 from Punjab. In 1945 they came to Kolkata.''PSA chief Gurbhajan Singh said, \"We are very pleased with the working of Jagmohan Singh for the development of language. We have also given proposal to him for commemorating historical Kamagatamaru incident.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12987872", "title": "No staff or bosses, East Delhi Corporation struggles to start work", "text": "NEW DELHI: The newly-formed civic agencies are clueless about starting work. Even though the Delhi government-appointed director of local bodies approved the staff division formula on Thursday, some departments will function as they did before.Earlier, MCD had advertised vacant posts in all the three new corporations. The posts were that of chief town planner, chief accountant-cum-financial advisor, assessor and collector, chief law officer, director press and information and other director-level posts.But there were very few respondents, which is why the existing heads of departments were given additional charge of all three new corporation.\"Since these posts are on deputation basis, the corporation is yet to fill these up,\" said a senior official.Sources said that Ravi Dass, engineer-in-chief of MCD, is likely to take over charge of South Delhi Municipal Corporation; Anil Prakash and Vijay Prakash are likely to assume charge of North and East corporations respectively.While trifurcating the 272 wards between three corporations, the director of local bodies had transferred 15 wards from one zone to another. But the official notification was issued only last month.The zones have not started the process of shifting records. Most of the important citizen-centric services have been badly hit as people are clueless about where to go.Services like RTI, sanctioning of building plans of big plots, registration of birth and death and the like will continue to be affected for another month. Residents of wards like Daryaganj, Nizamuddin, which were earlier part of the city zone but were transferred to the central zone after the split, are facing problems now.\"Services like paying of property tax, sanctioning of building plans, issuance of birth and death certificates have been hit. But these are only teething problems; things will sort out after a week,\" said an official.Meanwhile, in the East corporation, only the commissioner's office and municipal secretary's department have shifted. Other departments are yet to shift. Work can begin only then.Also, East is yet to get office furniture. There are no computers and phones for the staff. Officials said that when DSIIDC vacated the floor, they removed the LAN connection too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12987226", "title": "Indian Mujahideen operative in police custody till May 11", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra anti-terrorism squad (ATS) on Thursday told the court that the arrested Indian Mujahideen (IM) operative Qateel Siddiqui (27) is a close associate of absconding suspect Yasin Bhatkal who was allegedly involved in a spate of bomb blast cases in the country. Siddiqui was sent to police custody remand till May 11 in the Pune temple blast bid case.Assistant commissioner of police Samad Shaikh (ATS, Pune unit) told the court the case is complex because it was connected with the IM and sought time to identity Siddiqui's associates in the state.The Delhi police had arrested Siddiqui and others on November 22, last year. The ATS obtained his custody after investigations conducted by the Delhi police had revealed that he had planned to blow up the famous Shrimant Dagdusheth Halwai Ganapati temple in Pune on the same day of the German Bakery blast on February 13 last year at the same time. The bakery blast had killed 17 people and injured 64.Siddiqui was till now in Bangalore jail in connection with other blast cases. This is the first arrest in the temple case.Siddiqui was produced with his face covered before judicial magistrate first class Swarup Bose at 3 pm. The ATS filed a plea to send him to police custody remand for 14 days.Assistant public prosecutor A V Ausekar argued that custodial interrogation of Siddiqui was essential to identify the people from whom he had procured explosives and equipment for assembling the bomb.Siddiqui had admitted to his alleged involvement in the crime and sought time to identify the place where he had planned to plant the bomb and who was providing him financial assistance for committing the offences, said Ausekar.The prosecution pleaded to grant sufficient time to the police to identify the place where Siddiqui had taken shelter in Pune and to trace Bhatkal and his other associates and to conduct investigations in Maharashtra and outside.Defence lawyers A Rehman and Kainath Shaikh opposed the plea saying that there was no presence of IM in India after it was banned a few years ago and that the prosecution had not produced evidence to prove that Siddiqui was an IM operative.Arguing that Siddiqui's custodial interrogation was not essential as the Delhi police and the ATS had interrogated him for months together, the lawyers pleaded to sent him to magisterial custody. The court upheld the prosecution's plea and sent the IM operative to nine days' police custody remand.The ATS case is that Siddiqui and Mirza Himayat Baig who was arrested in connection with the bakery blast, were involved in ferrying bomb consignments to various locations in Pune. The temple blast plan failed as a flower vendor did not allow Siddiqui to keep a bag containing the bomb outside the temple. Later, Siddiqui went to Mumbai and threw the bag in the sea off Worli.The ATS had shown Bhatkal and five others as absconding suspects in the chargesheet filed in the bakery blast case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12987330", "title": "Local military authority denies harassing cantt bungalow owners", "text": "PUNE: The local military authority (LMA) on Thursday refuted the allegations of harassment made by the All India Cantonment Bungalow Owners' Association (AICBOA) over resuming possession of old grant bungalows.A statement issued by Sanjay Arvikar, public relations officer (defence), Pune, said, \"Resumption of old grant bungalow (OBG) is undertaken to make up deficiency of land required by the Army for its military purposes. Accordingly, in Pune, the LMA has initiated case for resumption of eight OGBs only.\"The AICBOA had charged the LMA with harassment over resuming possession of 250 bungalows in the Pune cantonment (TOI, May 2). The defence statement said, \"The owners of these OGBs have grossly violated the terms and conditions of the lease agreement, such as using these bungalows for commercial activities, illegal sale to builders, unauthorized constructions without taking approval from the cantonment board, etc.\"The statement maintained that the role of the LMA was to protect the interests of the government and its land. \"There is neither en masse assumption of Old Grant Bungalows nor any harassment of anyone. Due process of law is being followed,\" the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12988086", "title": "Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission's \u2018no\u2019 to intervene in franchise model", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) has refused to interfere in MSEDCL's franchise model, which has got the green signal of the central government, and instead asked the petitioners to challenge the model at another appropriate forum. The hearing was held in Mumbai on Thursday.The commission, however, expressed severe annoyance over poor performance of franchisees and asked MSEDCL to take remedial steps and if necessary initiate action against them as per the agreement.Consumer organization MRVGS had filed a petition against the franchisee model, contending that it violated Indian Electricity Act, 2003. MRVGS president Pratap Hogade had cited the Shunglu committee report, which states that there is no provision for a franchisee in urban areas in the act, making MSEDCL's model illegal.MERC chairman VP Raja said that the recommendations had not been accepted by the Union ministry of power (MoP). He made it clear that unless the government issued directives in this regard, MERC would not interfere in the matter. RB Goenka of Vidarbha Industries Association (VIA) had contended that franchisees were acting as power traders without a license. However, MERC did not accept this argument.Raja also said that even though the petition was filed in September, the hearing was held in May because MERC wanted to give time to the franchisees to settle down.Right from the beginning, MERC took a stand that the franchisee model should be given some time as it was a novel measure to improve dismal power distribution scenario. Most state-run power distribution companies are in the red and Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has imposed restrictions on banks that want to lend to them. MSEDCL also took a similar stand.However, when another petitioner Mohan Sharma, a power union leader, pointed out that the performance of Nagpur's three franchisee divisions had deteriorated under Spanco, MERC took serious cognisance of it.Sharma said that when Spanco took over Civil Lines, Gandhibagh and Mahal divisions on May 1, 2011, the arrears were Rs 47 crore. The figure had increase to over Rs 250 crore. The distribution losses had increased by 1% in 2011-12 as compared to 2010-11. The transformer failure rate had increased from 3.2% to 6.6%. He said that performance of Aurangabad franchisee was no better, wondering what was the point in appointing franchisees if they could not improve the scenario.MERC asked MSEDCL to take immediate steps to improve performance of franchisees and submit a report regarding the same. It did not give another date and closed the case for final order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12988747", "title": "Jail term for fodder scam accused", "text": "RANCHI: A special CBI court on Thursday convicted 69 out of the 86 accused in a case of multi-crore fodder scam.The court of special judge Ganpaty Tiwary also announced quantum of punishment and fine for 29 convicts.The court awarded imprisonment ranging from one to three years and imposed penalties from Rs 10,000 to Rs 5 lakh. The quantum of punishment and fine for the remaining convicts will be pronounced on May 7.The case (RC 31/96) was related to fraudulent withdrawal of around Rs 40.17 crore from Doranda treasury between 1990 and 1995 by using fake demand order and invoice.The fodder scam hit the headlines in the mid-1990s at time of united Bihar when politicians, including then chief minister Lalu Prasad and former chief minister Jagannath Mishra, along with senior IAS officers were accused of illegally withdrawal of around Rs 900 crore from different treasuries using forged documents for purchase of cattle feed.Lalu and Mishra are accused in five cases related to the scam. Their trial is on in CBI courts in Ranchi.Lalu had to quit as the chief minister in 1997 after an arrest warrant was issued against him.Special CBI advocate S K Lal said there were 111 accused in the case of which 22 died during trial. One turned approver and another did not turn up. \"Of the 86 convicts, 30 are government officials from animal husbandry department and 56 are suppliers,\" said Lal.A senior CBI officer said till now courts have passed judgment in 41 of total 61 cases. Of these, 53 were lodged in Jharkhand.\"We expect that the trial in some of the cases in which Lalu and Mishra are accused will also be completed in the next couple of months,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "12989018", "title": "Thieves strike in Vasco, rob cash and gold", "text": "VASCO: A gang of four to five thieves burgled a flat of cash and gold amounting to 3-4 lakh, and fled in a light blue Wagon-R car on Thursday evening. Vasco police said, \"the incident took place within half an hour after the family had moved out\".The flat of Raghuveer Singh, General Manager of Goa Shipyard Limited, is on the third floor of Light House Manor building in Dabolim. Singh had left the flat at about 2pm after having his lunch. His wife and daughter went to the nearby locality at about 4pm. At 4:30pm, his neighbour who stays at the second floor heard some noise and climbed the stair case. While going to the third floor he saw a gang of 4-5 people rushing down. When the neighbour noticed that the door of Singh's flat was broken he immediately rushed down to chase them. By then the culprits had sat in a light blue color Wagon-R car bearing registration plate number GA 07 E 5051.Singh received a call who immediately informed Vasco police. After conducting the panchnamma, police revealed that cash of 70,000 and silver and gold, watch and digital camera were stolen amounting to 3-4 lakhs. The front door and three cupboards were broken while committing the theft. The rod used to break the door was found in the bedroom. Police is trying to trace the vehicle with the help of the registration number. An offense has been registered under Section 454 and Section 380 IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12987952", "title": "Govt asked to take step for including 7 pasture lands in heritage category", "text": "JAISALMER: Efforts are on to give seven pasture lands in Jodhpur division heritage status under Rajasthan Biological Diversity Rules 2010.If the initiative becomes successful at the government level, then these pasture lands including Dhok in desert areas can find place in the list of UNESCO world heritages.Recently, the state government implemented biological diversity rules 2010 to conserve biodiversity. Bhuvnesh Jain, a social worker from Barmer, has sent a memorandum to the chief minister of Rajasthanasking him to announce seven Orans (pasturelands) in Jodhpur division as heritage sites.The focus of the initiative is to conserve the pasturelands in the desert on which Thar's cattle, insets and humans depend.According to Jain, deserts spread for miles. In the event of sand storms and drought like situations, these Orans have been providing relief to humans, birds and cattle. \"There is need for conserving them and the new Rajasthan Biological Diversity Rules 2010 will be a big help in this direction,\" said JainJain, in the memorandum sent to the chief minister, mentioned that pasturelands have been at the centre of villagers' self-dependency in adverse situations. In old times, people used to get land in the name of Bevad, Kundal, Gala and Talar. They gave away such lands in the name of god and goddess. On this land, natural or man-made jungles are created, which are called Orans. It was a tradition that people never felled trees or plants in these Orans.The memorandum mentions that in Jodhpur division, 1,759 villages have pasturelands and the total area is 1,34,749.97 hectares. These pasturelands have been full of biodiversity on which human and cattle, birds are dependent. These Orans are home to many types of grasses, herbs, medicinal plants, shrubs and trees, which are on the verge of extinction. With the passing time, the water sources in these pasturelands are being neglected. Jain said that whether it is Sariska or Rajasthan Desert National Park, all these are pasture lands.Conserving these pasturelands will help people and cattle, while keeping alive the natural heritage of the desert. Foreign tourists and research students will be excited to visit these Orans. He said with the initiative of the government, Dhok like Oran in Chauhatan of border Barmer district and other pasturelands could be included in the list of Unesco world heritage sites.According to Jain, Nagnechia of Eta villages in Pokrana area, Baba Ramdev in Ramdeora, Degrai in Sanvta village in Fatehgarh in Jaisalmer district, Dhok ki Viratra Mata in Chauhatan area, Jhankali in Shiv area and Nagnechi of Mungeria village in Barmer district and Orane in Jakhan village of Osia area in Jodhpur district are seven big and leading pasturelands in Jodhpur division. According to Jain, Dhok Viratra Mata Oran in Chauhatan area in Barmer district is the biggest pasture land spread on 17,947 hectares..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12992887", "title": "Statistical highlights of Pune Warriors-Mumbai Indians IPL match", "text": "PUNE: Statistical highlights of the IPL match between Pune Warriors and Mumbai Indians:# Mumbai Indians' one-run win is their sixth in 10 matches in the IPL 5. They have lost four. Mumbai Indians are placed third after Delhi Daredevils (16) and Kolkata Knight Riders (13) in the Points Table.# Mumbai's one-run win is their smallest win-margin in the IPL.# Mumbai's previous smallest win margin in the IPL was by four runs - against Rajasthan Royals at Brabourne Stadium, Mumbai on March 13, 2010.# Mithun Manhas (42 not out off 34 balls) recorded his highest score in the IPL, eclipsing the 35 against Punjab at Mumbai on April 10, 2011.# James Franklin and Sachin Tendulkar were involved in a partnership of 50 - Mumbai Indians' highest for the first wicket against Pune Warriors in the IPL.# Franklin and Sachin Tendulkar have opened the innings only three times for Mumbai Indians in the IPL 5, recording a fifty-plus on each occasion - twice against Punjab and once against Pune. Overall, the pair has managed 153 at an average of 51.00 for the first wicket.# With 78 wickets at 15.06 in 49 matches, Lasith Malinga is the top wicket-taker in the IPL.# Malinga has been adjudged the Man of the Match for the fourth time in the IPL. Malinga has bagged 17 wickets at 8.47 runs apiece in seven matches.# Pune Warriors have lost six out of the last seven matches - their only victory is against Delhi by 20 runs at Ferozeshah Kotla, Delhi on April 21.# Pune Warriors have won four and lost seven out of 11 played in the fifth edition of the IPL.# Mumbai Indians' win is their third in four games played against Pune Warriors in the IPL.# In the history of the IPL, four games have resulted in a one-run win - two by Kings XI Punjab and one each by Delhi Daredevils and Mumbai Indians.# Two one-run wins have been recorded in the same season for the first time in the IPL.# Mumbai Indians' 120 for nine is the third lowest winning total by a team batting first in the IPL - the two lowest totals are 116 for nine by Chennai against Punjab at Durban on May 20, 2009 and 119 for 8 by Punjab against Mumbai at Durban on April 29, 2009# Sachin Tendulkar's tally of 1851 at an average of 38.56 in 57 matches is the second highest in the IPL, next only to Suresh Raina's 2010 at an average of 34.06 in 72 matches.# Rohit Sharma (233 at 25.88), Ambati Rayudu (208 at 41.60) and James Franklin (205 at 34.16) are the top run-getters for Mumbai Indians in the IPL.# Harbhajan Singh has posted his fourth duck in the IPL - his second in the present competition.# Murali Kartik has taken only three wickets at 57.66 runs apiece in eight games in the IPL 5.# Bhuvneshwar Kumar (2/9) has registered his best bowling performance for Pune Warriors in the IPL.# Ashish Nehra (2/19) has recorded his best bowling figures for Pune in the IPL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12988949", "title": "Seized in combing operation, 15 still to claim their vehicles", "text": "NASHIK: While the police have continued to conduct a drive to verify registration documents of vehicles in the city in a bid to trace stolen vehicles, 15 owners have still not turned up to claim their vehicles after they were confiscated in the combing operations.The Indiranagar police on Wednesday conducted a combing operation in the Bharat Nagar area and confiscated 44 vehicles, including a multi-utility vehicle and an autorickshaw. The police said vehicles of all those who could not produce valid documents on the spot were confiscated. By Thursday evening, as many as 29 owners came back with the valid documents and claimed their vehicles.However, police are still waiting for owners of 15 vehicles to come up with the concerned documents. The police said that generally people take it lightly and do not maintain vehicle documents. Hence, during such operations they are not able to produce the papers. Nonetheless, they did turn up on later to claim their vehicles.The police has taken up combing operations across the city to check vehicles without documents.The drive was conducted in Wadala Gaon, in the slum area on the Gangapur Road and on Wednesday at three other places.Those who do not turn up with their documents will face legal action, while the police will also have to trace the real owners with help from the Regional Transport Office. In the April 23 combing operation, 40 such vehicles were confiscated. Eight vehicle owners, however, did not turn up with their documents. The police will have to check whether these bikes were stolen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12989138", "title": "Pond turns into waste disposal site", "text": "VARANASI: Located in the backdrop of a towering overhead tank (OHT) and pushed in a corner of Machchodari park in the northern parts of the city, the mythological Machchodari kund (earlier called Matsyodari kund) is lying in neglected state. The pathetic state of the water body could be gauged by the fact that the kund that once used to adore Baba Machchodari Nath (Lord Vishwanath), is now no longer considered fit for taking a holy dip.TOI visited the kund on Thursday and found the water full of algae growth, covering the top. Heaps of dry leaves, rotten flowers and garlands were found dumped in it.The signs of washing of clothes and lather from the detergents were also visible. Even more hurting was to see the opening of sewer line with a manhole created in front of the one of the two pucca ghats with stairs facing each other in the area. In addition, there was no boundary or railing to protect and stop the throwing of waste in the water body.The condition of the pond has deteriorated with the park, as no one cares for the mythological kund. The local residents used to take a bath in it two or three years ago, but now people prefer to take bath at handpump located in the area. \"The number of people coming at the kund could be counted on the finger tips and majority of them shy away from taking a holy dip in it,\" said Pyarelal, a septuagenarian residing in the area for the last five decades.It may be mentioned that Matsyodari kund represents the series of mythological kunds located in Kashi Khanda (now Varanasi). Lord Vishwanath, the principal deity of the city, who made the holy city a permanent abode, sent 64 yoginis (women representatives) to look after preservation of the water bodies, including ponds.As per Skanda Purana, the Matsyodari kund existed even before the origin of Ganga. Later, it was attached to the holy river.Astonishingly, the depleting green cover in one of the biggest parks under Varanasi nagar nigam was taking away the sheen and glory of the mythological site and the erection of towering OHT (one of nine OHTs in the city) hid the presence of water body in the area. According to Ram Baran, a resident of the area, children play in the park but the poor sanitary condition around the kund forces people to look for other venues for taking a bath. Waste could be seen dumped in the area. Even, the stairs and other entry point of the kund are loaded with garbage. If it is not enough, the debris of construction material used for erecting OHT could be found in the kund, added the man, who took holy dip in the kund five years back.When SK Pandey, VNN garden superintendent SK Pandey, VNN was contacted, he said that the plantation drive around the kund at Machchodari park was carried six years ago, but some of the saplings perished in the due course of time. The move was made to protect the water body, making a kind of fencing in the area. However, the erection of OHT changed the situation in the area and now the park requires another plantation drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12988703", "title": "Mayawati walks out of RS over SC/ST quota in promotion", "text": "NEW DELHI: BSP chief Mayawati on Thursday threatened to launch a nationwide agitation against Congress for dragging its feet over reservation for promotion of SC/ST employees. Sore with the government reply to a debate over the issue, Mayawati led her party members stage a walkout in Rajya Sabha against what the former UP CM described as Congress's \"anti-Dalit agenda\".Earlier, replying to the debate that had been sought by BSP against the Supreme Court verdict overruling such reservations in UP, MoS for personnel V Narayanasamy said PM Manmohan Singh was willing to convene an all-party meeting to build a consensus over the issue.He said various governments had in the past tried to bring amendment to provide more privileges for SCs, STs and OBCs, but they were \"unfortunately\" struck down in courts. Other political parties too demanded constitutional amendment to provide promotion for SCs and STs in jobs.Demanding a constitutional amendment to provide promotions to SC/ST employees in view of SC quashing UP government's decision on quota benefits to them in promotions, BSP member Satish Chandra Misra earlier said such a situation has arisen that requires the matter to be taken up by this House .\"Otherwise, it will lead to a very bad situation,\" said Misra, adding that \"looking at the gravity of the situation, it is necessary to have such an intervention....it is necessary to have such an amendment\".Seeking support of various parties to bring an amendment, he said, \"Parliament has to consider this now... President cannot refer the matter to Supreme Court. That is not the remedy.\"SP's Ram Gopal Yadav , however, said that while his party in principle supported reservation for SCs/STs in promotion, it was against Rule 8 A of the UP Government Servants Seniority Rules that necessitated consequential seniority. The BSP government introduced the policy that stipulated reservation for SC employees in the first stage of their promotion and that of the benefit of consequential seniority in successive promotions under Rule 8-A of the UP Government Servants Seniority (Third amendment) Rules, 2007.\"If this rule is implemented, no person from either the general or OBC quota would ever be able to head any government department five years from now,\" said Yadav. BJP leaders said that there was no need for an all-party meeting as there was already a consensus over the issue.Minister for law and minorities Salman Khurshid, while intervening in the discussion, said the government was committed to empowerment of all backward communities and provide them reservation in government jobs in proportion to their population.Opposition BJP, CPI and CPI-M also accused the government of delaying such a crucial issue. CPM members sought a timeframe from the government in which it would bring a Bill for the constitutional amendment required to ensure reservation.Khurshid said the primary restriction of 50% maximum limit for reservation in jobs for SCs, STs and OBCs \"ties the hands of the government\" in doing much for them in proportion to their population.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "manila", "code": "12991918", "title": "Presidential polls: Pranab Mukherjee dismisses report that he is frontrunner", "text": "MANILA: Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee today dismissed as speculation reports that he has emerged as a frontrunner in the race for presidential election.\"It is speculative. I don't want to comment on it,\" he told reporters on way to Manila where he will be attending the 45th Annual Meeting of Asian Development Bank's Board of Governors.Media today carried reports that he has emerged as a frontrunner as ruling combination's candidate in the presidential election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12987978", "title": "Nagpur Improvement Trust to plant 1.8 lakh saplings to mark platinum jubilee", "text": "NAGPUR: Civic agency Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) has decided to plant 1.8 lakh trees in its layouts as a part of its platinum jubilee celebrations. NIT's Gunthewari layouts have very few trees and wear a concrete jungle look. These trees will give the areas a healthier look. Even if just over a lakh of trees survive, the number of trees in city will increase to 22.5 lakh.NIT chairman Pravin Darade said NIT would plant two feet high saplings in homes of the residents in layouts that have been regularized by the Trust. Agencies appointed by NIT would dig holes, put black cotton soil and manure and plant the tree. The house owner would just have to water them regularly.Darade said that the cost of the project was 12 crore. \"Various species would be planted under the project. We will float tenders to appoint agencies for the job. It is expected to take just two months. By the time rains end, it would be over.\"At present, the number of trees within municipal limits is 21.43 lakh as per tree census conducted by Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC). Nagpur is already the greenest urban area in the state. It also claims to be the second greenest city in the country.The city looks quite green from the air. However, the greenery is concentrated in certain pockets - Civil Lines, Seminary Hills, Gorewada, VNIT, NEERI, Central Jail, Ambazari, etc. Many localities of West Nagpur have sufficient trees and gardens. However, central Nagpur, which is the oldest part of the city and quite congested, has very few trees. There is little scope for plantation in these areas.NIT layouts lie on the fringes of the city and had these areas not witnessed unplanned development, they would have been quite green. Due to callous attitude of government, unauthorized layouts came up one after another. The public utility lands were encroached upon and no tree plantation was done along the lanes. The saving grace is that most houses have a courtyard or a small space in front. Trees can be planted here.Pramod Ghurde, a resident of a Gunthewari layout in Zingabai Takli, however, said that NIT was doing the job quite late. \"When I paid regularization charges in 2005, it included cost of tree plantation. However, NIT has not done anything. Had trees been planted then, our area would have been quite green by now,\" he angrily said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12987485", "title": "Declare public places as 'arms-free': Court", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on Thursday asked the state government to declare public places as 'arms-free zone'. \"Every public gathering where public assembles can be declared 'arms-free zone' like airports, railway stations, bus stations, government-owned guest houses, circuit houses, government offices, religious places, marriage homes etc,\" said the court.A division bench of Justice Abdul Mateen and Justice SK Saxena also directed the district judges to check the entry of arms into the court premises. According to rules, even police officials are not permitted to carry arms in the court, said the bench.Earlier DGP and principal secretary, home appeared before the court and told that the state government is taking appropriate actions against celebratory firing. The court had on May 2, banned celebratory firing, taking suo motu notice of several incident in which people lost their lives. The order came in course of hearing of a writ petition filed by Jitendra Singh .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12992903", "title": "Sanusha in 'Idiots'", "text": "Debutant director K S Bava is getting ready with his directorial venture, Idiots .\"It's a comedy movie with a thriller element in it,\" says Bava. \"The story revolves around what happens to a few people one night.\"It will see Sanusha, who was once a child artist, playing the female lead opposite Asif Ali. Bava has worked as an associate for Sangeeth Sivan for more than 10 years. The story is penned by Sangeeth Sivan and the shoot for Idiots will begin by May 10. Baburaj and Praveena also play important roles in the movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12988854", "title": "BMC ignores advice, to use hot-mix on SoBo potholes", "text": "MUMBAI: With only two takers for pothole repairs in two zones of the island city, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation has given up hope and decided to use hot-mix in a few wards instead of the recommended cold-mix. Since the two contractors-Dev Engineers and JKD Infrastructure-may not be able to fulfil the demands of all the wards in the island city, the civic body has decided to use the hot-mix technology, going against the recommendation of the standing technical advisory committee (STAC).The two zones in the island city require four contractors to carry out the work. But with only two contractors coming forward despite going in for re-tendering, the civic body decided to award the contract to them and making provisions for hot-mix. \"We had received only two bids for zone 1 and 2. For both the wards, we need four contractors. The two contractors may not be able to carry out the entire work. Hence, we decided to use the hot-mix which is readily available,\" said a senior civic official.Confirming the development, Ravindra Ghodke, chief engineer (roads), said, \"We have received only two bids for both the zones in the island city and they will be using the cold-mix technology but in case they can't deliver, we will use the hot-mix technology. The bid has been sent for administrative approval.\"In the first bidding, the island city, divided into two zones, had got just one bid. Interestingly, for the remaining five zones in the city, the BMC had received 25 bids. After receiving only one bid, the civic body called for re-tendering in the island city but got a lukewarm response. Contractors have blamed the stringent conditions laid by the civic body for the drop in bidders.This is the first time the BMC has introduced modern technologies to fill the city's potholes. Following last monsoon's uproar over the pathetic condition of the roads, the BMC decided to switch to cold asphalt mix instead of hot mix to fill potholes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12988299", "title": "Vidya Balan dons new role, to make sanitation national obsession", "text": "NEW DELHI: Vidya Balan is set to tell the nation that it shouldn't be so dirty!The national award winner actor became the brand ambassador for government's sanitation programme on Thursday. After meeting Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh, Balan said, \"Sanitation needs to become a national obsession. I am ready to do it in my capacity. I am convinced.\"Balan would be the sanitation ambassador for two years, promoting Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan. She would endorse sanitation issues in audio and visual advertisements, and also be part of two functions in a year. Mega star Shahrukh Khan will also join Bollywood's push to promote sanitation on May 8.Having shot into the limelight with the bold Dirty Picture, Balan's decision to endorse the unglamorous sanitation programme seems unconventional as it would entail issuing appeals to end open defecation and promote use of toilet.But the actor was sure about her choice to promote cleanliness. \"For an actor, what can be a better thing than doing a Dirty Picture on screen and off screen, a clean picture? I think this role will work a lot because we are working on a national movement,\" she said.While Ramesh said celebrities have a strong influence in changing attitudes of people, spreading sanitation and hygiene issues in the country is an uphill task.A UNICEF report recently found that 60% Indians practice open defecation, while India accounts for 58% of all open defecations in the world. From such practices flows the dehumanizing occupation like manual scavenging. The 2011 Census has found around 26 lakh dry latrines or such latrines that flow into open drains, leading to demand for men and women to clean and carry them.While Union social justice ministry is mulling a new law with strong penal measures to end manual scavenging, it is acknowledged that the practice can only be ended by changing attitudes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12992781", "title": "Zafar to do a cameo in 'Tere Bin Laden' sequel", "text": "Pakistani singer-turned actor Ali Zafar, who garnered great applause for his comic act in 'Tere Bin Laden', is all set to feature in the film's sequel but only in a cameo role. The actor had a full-fledged role in the prequel.The 2010 laugh riot, directed by Abhishek Sharma was a surprise hit with Zafar and Pradhuman Singh in the lead roles. And now Sharma is coming up with the sequel which is interestingly titled as 'Tere Bin Laden 3'.\"'Tere Bin Laden' Part 3 is coming. Abhishek has narrated me the story...there was one character that I really liked a lot. It is a cameo but it is interesting. I only told him if he could allow him to do that role. He also got excited with this idea. So we are working on this,\" Zafar told reporters.The first part was a humorous take on Osama Bin Laden and the upcoming film is set post Osama's death. The pre-production of the film started from May 2, which is also the death anniversary of Osama.Meanwhile, the Pakistani actor is quite excited about the remake of 1981 romantic-comedy 'Chashme Buddoor'. The remake version stars Zafar, Siddharth, Divyendu Sharma, Taapsee Pannu and Rishi Kapoor. It is being directed by David Dhawan .\"I am playing young college student in the film (Chashme Buddoor). I thought I should lose some weight as college students are slim and fit, minus muscles. I have lost lot of weight for this film. And now again, gaining weight for next film,\" Zafar said.The 31-year-old, who was honoured with the Dadasaheb Phalke award for best new talent here, said, \"I think it is a big honor and I feel I am very small. I am thankful to everyone. It is a prestigious award..what big recognition than this who planted this industry. I am falling short of words.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12989801", "title": "\u2018Raoof running gang to settle disputes among businessmen\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: Mohammed Abdul Raoof, the Hyderabadi accused in Gujarat home minister Haren Pandya murder case and acquitted last year, is allegedly maintaining a gang to 'settle disputes' between businessmen.His close associate Miskeen has been booked twice in two such cases in the past six months. \"Miskeen, who was arrested by Saidabad police on Wednesday for threatening a person, was acting on behalf of Abdul Raoof,\" police sources said. M C Ramana, a businessman, filed a complaint with the police on April 29 alleging that Miskeen had barged into his house and threatened him with dire consequences if he did not settle his dispute with one Iftiqar.Ifteqar had taken a stone crusher on lease from Ramana but failed to comply with the lease conditions and left for the Middle East. He returned to Hyderabad some time ago and allegedly demanded Ramana to return the amount he had paid for the lease. When Ramana refused, Ifteqar approached Miskeen, a resident of Saidabad, for settling the dispute, sources informed. Miskeen went to Ramana's house in Saidabad colony and demanded that he return the lease amount. Following Ramana's complaint, Saidabad police registered a case under Sections 448 (tresspass) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of the IPC against Miskeen and arrested him. The accused was produced before the Nampally court on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "12989761", "title": "Obama\u2019s ex recalls his \u2018sexual warmth\u2019", "text": "MELBOURNE: US President Barack Obama had a fling with an Australian woman in New York in the 1980s and a new biography threatens to bare this torrid affair.Secret diaries of Genevieve Cook, daughter of an Australian diplomat, who was one of young Obama's girlfriends are being carried in the forthcoming book 'Barack Obama: The Story' that captures intimate details of his love life. Obama confessed to the author, David Maraniss, that \"woman in New York\" was a \"compression\" of several girlfriends he had in New York and Chicago .Cook's memories range from the trivial to the controversial . She remembered how \"on Sundays Obama would lounge around, drinking coffee and solving the New York Times crossword puzzle, bare-chested , wearing a blue and white sarong\" , Maraniss wrote.She also recounted how he was deeply confused about his racial identity and \"felt like an imposter because he was so white\" . Excerpts from the book reveal the two met at a Christmas party in New York in 1983 when she was 25, three years older than him.\"The sexual warmth is definitely there - but the rest of it has sharp edges and I'm finding it unsettling and want to withdraw from it all,\" Cook wrote. In 1985, after the relationship ended, Cook mentioned in her journal that she thought Obama withheld \"the kind of emotional involvement I was seeking\" .Diary also reveal that Obama loved making tuna sandwiches just like his grandfather made him, Maraniss wrote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "12989187", "title": "Woman raped in Darjeeling, two held", "text": "DARJEELING: A woman dumped by her husband was allegedly raped near Pound Road in Darjeeling on Wednesday night. A police patrol team luckily spotted the girl surrounded by a group of four youths and rescued her.While police arrested two of the youths, the other two managed to flee. The arrested duo, identified as Sangay Bhutia and Shankar Sharma, will be produced in court on Friday.On Wednesday night, a police team patrolling the town area noticed four youths and a woman near Pound Road. When they approached the group, police found that the woman, in her early 30s, was in an unstable condition. Though the youths tried to escape, police managed to arrest two of them.Primary investigation revealed that the woman, a homemaker, was a resident of Melling tea estate under Jorebungalow police station. She had come to Darjeeling on Wednesday morning with her husband, a casual worker. The woman claimed that her husband who is an alcoholic deserted her and left for the tea estate. Since the victim had no money, she could not return to her home and hence started looking for accommodation. It was then that youths approached her and reportedly raped her on the pretext of helping her.LT Bhutia, inspector in charge of Darjeeling sadar police station, said, \"The woman was raped by some youths that we have arrested. We have sent the woman for medical examination to the Darjeeling district hospital.\"Police are trying to nab the other culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12989117", "title": "One held for trying to kill councillor", "text": "PONDA: Daniel Fernandes, a resident of Silvanagar Ponda, who was arrested by Ponda police for allegedly attempting to murder Ponda councilor Shivanand Sawant on April 28 has been remanded to three-day police custody on Wednesday. She has been admitted to GMC after he complained of some health problems.Ponda police told TOI that the incident was taken place when the councilor was attempting to shift some concrete slabs used to cover roadside summer gutter to other wards from Upper Bazaar on the morning of April 28.The police have registered the offence of attempt to murder under Section 307 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). Police have also slapped charges against the accused under Sections 506 (II) (threatening), 504 (abusing with filthy language), 353 (assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharge of his duty) and Section 332 (voluntarily causing hurt by any person being a public to deter public servant from doing his duty), read with section 34 (common intention) of the IPC.The police have arrested Fernandes. He was produced before the Ponda judicial magistrate first class (JMFC) on Wednesday after his earlier custody ended. The court has remanded him to three days police custody. He has been admitted to Goa Medical College and Hospital after he had complained of health problem.However, Benny Fernandes and Crecy Fernandes were absconding were not found until late Wednesday. Police said they have deputed staff to all possible places to nab them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12988663", "title": "Liechtenstein trusts legal: Ravi Rishi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ravi Rishi, who is under investigation by CBI in the Tatra scandal, said his Vectra group was owned by trusts in the tax haven of Liechtenstein, but it was no reason to be suspicious.\"May I please remind you that though I am of Indian origin, I am a British national and I pay my taxes in the UK under UK laws,\" he told TOI, in between his appearances before the CBI. The agency is probing Army chief Gen V K Singh's claim that he was offered Rs 14 crore by Lt Gen (Retd) Tejinder Singh on behalf of Rishi for clearing purchase of a new batch of Tatra trucks.\"Vectra group is owned by trusts in Liechtenstein which is in public domain and is permissible by law as per British rules, unlike in India where it is seen to be suspicious,\" Rishi said. \"This is a perfectly legal structure of tax and succession planning in the developed financial world, and is not seen as suspicious or secretive,\" he added.When asked if he had given the transaction details of both his trusts in the tax haven - Hemang Foundation and Deswa Holding Establishment -- to the CBI, he said, \"Whatever information was required by the agency has been provided to them.\"On allegations that he probably had a stake in Habib Bank, which exists as separate entities in Pakistan and Zurich, Rishi admitted that Habib Bank Ag Zurich was among his bankers, but added, \"Firstly, I have no stake-holding in any bank, Habib or otherwise. Secondly, Habib Bank Ag Zurich is not a Pakistani bank but a bank incorporated in Switzerland owned by Swiss nationals.\"Rishi also spoke about other issues surrounding the Tatra scandal.On allegations of manipulating the Indian military market for the past 25 years:\"Tatra trucks were selected by the government of India in a barter trade protocol in 1986 with Czechoslovakia on government to government basis. Vectra group had nothing to do with Tatra trucks till 1994. Tatra trucks were made to the specifications of the GSQR of 1986. We believe that the Indian manufacturers could not make trucks to these specifications... Therefore, it is not through manipulations that resulted in the monopoly but lack of options from other Indian manufacturers.\"On Tatra Sipox (UK) being a mere 'manufacturer's agent':\"Tatra Sipox (UK) was incorporated at the behest of Dr Majsky - the owner of Sipox Group of Slovakia, which was the owner of Tatra Sipox a.s. - the OEM manufacturing the axles and other undercarriage parts of Tatra. The company Tatra Sipox was managed by Mr Josef Majsky (Jr) as director till 2006 and all negotiations and contracts with BEML were negotiated and signed by him. Therefore, the allegation that the manufacturers had nothing to do with Tatra Sipox (UK) is baseless and not true.\"Trucks supplied to Indian military being obsolete:\"Tatra trucks were introduced in the Army in 1986 based on a GSQR and were tested then. The Indian Army has not revised this GSQR except when the engine was required to be upgraded to Euro 2. We immediately supplied a modern eight cylinder eco-friendly engine with higher torque and power instead of the old 12 cylinder engine. The Tatra concept of axles and back bone tube was developed for military trucks in the 1930s-40s and still outperforms any other offroad/on road vehicle.\"On allegations of bribery:\"Tatra Sipox does not have any reason to induce anybody in India. Tatra Sipox is a parts supplier to BEML. Hence, it does not need to or resort to means that are unethical in selling its parts to BEML. Further, Tatra has had a virtual monopoly for over 25 years, as its product has been acclaimed as superior by the end user, hence it has not needed to resort to such means to sell its products.\"On employing retired military officers and former BEML employees to manage the 'environment':\"Vectra is a large group with many companies in India - from manufacturing civilian trucks, earth moving machinery to helicopter operations. All retired military officers employed by Vectra are full-time employees bringing years of experience. For example, our helicopter company employs ex-armed forces pilots who serve oil majors for offshore operations. These pilots are best suited to the job, and require minimal additional training. Hence, we look at this talent pool to hire from. We are not aware of any rule against employing these ex-military officers in civilian duties. Tatra Sipox (UK) Ltd does not employ any persons in India.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12987671", "title": "Woman and son murdered in Banaglore", "text": "BANGALORE: Domestic help M Rani, 30, and her son M Praveen Kumar, 10, were found murdered on Thursday in their tiny house in Ambedkarnagar slum, Old Byappanahalli off Old Madras Road. There were most likely strangled to death as there were strangulation marks on their necks. Two suspects, Nandamani and Karthick, both allegedly having an illicit relationship with Rani, are absconding.Their bodies were found by a neighbour who peeped through the open door around 8am. On Wednesday night, some people saw Rani returning home around 2am. \"That the door was not broken open and all items in the house were intact indicate the assailants were known to the victims,\" police said.Byappanahalli police said Rani married Manju around 14 years ago. \"The couple have two kids - Monisha, 12, and Praveen. Rani deserted Manju and started living with Nandamani. For the past two years, she was living with Karthick,\" police said. Monisha had gone to her uncle's house in the same area on Wednesday night. \"It looks like rivalry triggered the murder,\" police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12989475", "title": "Actor Rajpal holds double celebration", "text": "LUDHIANA: It was double delight for actor Karam Rajpal, who has two daily soaps to his credit. He celebrated his birthday and his parent's marriage silver jubilee in a city-based hotel.The celebrations had everything that a good party should have - fun, music and food. And what's a celebration without cake? Two cakes were cut during the event - one for Karam's birthday and the other for his father Amarjeet and mother Bhupinder Kaur's anniversary.A resident of Dugri, Rajpal said, \"Eventhough I live in Mumbai, my heart lies in this city. This is the reason why I came here to celebrate this day.''The actor who turned 21, said, \"I am very lucky that at this age I have been able to bag two lead roles in daily soaps.''Amarjeet Singh said, \"I am very fortunate to be blessed with a son like Karam and an excellent life partner. My wife Bhupinder has been with me at every step of my life. I am very happy to complete and celebrate 25 glorious years of togetherness.''Karam's brothers Karandeep and Binny said, \"Its great to be the brother of a celebrity, but for us he is the same old brother. We are glad that fame has not changed him a bit - he is still polite and loving.''Sister Parampreet Kaur said, \"Many of my friends knew that today is my brother's birthday and they wanted to meet him, but I did not tell them that he is in city for the celebrations.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12987467", "title": "Factory owner injured in firing in Mohanlalganj", "text": "LUCKNOW: Owner of a plywood factory was critically wounded when the manager of another factory opened fire at him following a heated argument in Mohanlalganj on Thursday. The more shocking was that accused first called the local beat in-charge sub inspector to the site for intervention but ended up firing at the victim in the presence of the police officer.Though the accused fled the scene after the incident but was chased by the onlookers and workers of the victim's factory and nabbed. The injured factory owner, who suffered a bullet injury on his chest, was admitted to the Trauma Centre. His condition was stated to be stable.Reports said Sanjay Kumar Agarwal owns a plywood factory in Mohanlalganj industrial area by the name of Agarwal Plywoods. Besides his factory, there is another plywood manufacturing unit by the name of Pratap Plywood Factory. Since the two factories are next to each other, they used a common approach road between the main road and the factory gates. The bone of contention was the alleged encroachment of this approach road which is barely 20-metre long. Both the factory owners have been accusing each other of blocking the passage by dumping their ready stocks on it or parking truck for loading this ready stock.Both the sides have entered into heated exchanges on several occasions in the past. However on Thursday, the dispute apparently got stretched a bit too far when the heated exchange started taking shape of a fist fight. The issue was resolved but temporarily when Suresh Sharma, manager of Pratap Plywood Factory, left the scene and returned with the local beat in-charge sub inspector (SI) Jai Prakash of Mohanlalganj police station in tow. The SI was still parking his vehicle when Suresh pulled out his licensed pistol and opened fire. The bullet hit Sanjay on his chest, inches away from the heart and he slumped to the ground.The sudden development left everybody dazed for a moment. By the time one could gather what was happening, Suresh fled the scene. But the on lookers and workers at Sanjay's factory chased and nabbed him after a short chase. The locals then handed over Suresh to the SI. Sanjay was rushed to the Trauma Centre in a critical state. The doctors at Trauma Centre described Sanjay's condition as stable.A case of attempted murder was lodged with the Mohanlalganj police.Police said that a formal recommendation will be made to the authorities concerned to cancel the license of the gun issued to Suresh on charges of its misuse. No action was initiated against the SI who was present at the scene but still failed to avert the firing or even nab the accused when he fled. Allegations are that had the onlookers not reacted in time, the accused would have fled the scene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12992156", "title": "Sadha to shake a leg with Vishal", "text": "Sadha of Anniyan fame will be seen after a long gap in Kollywood for an item song which will have Vishal and Ko fame Karthika in the lead.The movie titled Madha Gaja Raja will be Sundar.C's next directorial, a bilingual to be released in Tamil and Telugu. The director busy with his release Kalakallapu scheduled to hit screens 11th of May has conviced the actress for the item song on explaining the theme of the song.Actress Sadha revealed that she liked the concept of the song and gave an immediate nod to it. The song will have her shaking legs with Vishal and is expected to be picturised differently, says sources. The song is expected to be canned in the following week in Chennai.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12987997", "title": "Haryana Urban Development Authority\u2019s Northern Periphery Road project steps on high-tension wires", "text": "GURGAON: HUDA's ambitious project, Northern Periphery Road (NPR), has hit another stumbling block. This time it is the logistics of shifting high-tension (HT) wires from six different locations.In a meeting held on Wednesday, HUDA has decided to plan the removal of the HT wires from all the six points but the work might take months. The HUDA administrator, Praveen Kumar, said: \"In today's meeting, we have decided to shift the HT wires to make way for the NPR project and giving the work top priority.\"In the meeting, HUDA and DHBVN officials discussed the modalities of the work related to the shifting of the HT wires. Initially it was mentioned that the work would be done by the discom and it was later decided that HUDA would do it on its own. Under the project the 18-km road will connect Dwarka with National Highway 8 at Kherki Dhaula.The construction work is hampered due to a host of issues including legal cases against the land acquired by HUDA for the project. There are a dozen court cases relating to the land which have stalled the work in a substantial part of the 18-km stretch.\"Till the cases are finalized the work cannot be started on those plots,\" said a senior HUDA official involved in the project.To get around the problem of the HT wires, HUDA is now planning to take the underground route. \"The wire will go underground in all the six places where it crosses the NPR project. This means before construction of the road, the time-consuming work of laying the HT wire underground will be done,\" said the official.On the legal front, HUDA has managed to settle only two cases in which it has started the work of providing alternative plots to the land owners. As per the plan, the NPR project will have all the modern road infrastructure provision like the Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) corridor to ensure smooth flow of traffic. As per the plan, foot overbridges will also be constructed on the entire stretch of the NPR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12988397", "title": "Babus told to stay away from foreign govt staffers", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre has asked its senior officers not to mingle with foreigners working with different embassies or high commissioners as some of them could be spies looking to cultivate 'sources' within the government or push their agenda.After getting specific instances where government officers at different levels had been in touch with such foreigners for \"personal favours\", including being nominated for courses abroad, the Union home secretary R K Singh has recently written to all the secretaries asking them to sensitize officers down to under secretary level about the existing rules that strictly prohibit such liaisons.Singh in his note to secretaries said: \"Specific instances have come to the notice of this ministry where officers have been in touch withinteracting with foreign service nationals (FSNs) and embassy officersstaffers of other countries in contravention of the laid down rules and circulars\".Such circulars are regularly put out by the government, which has been bitten by many officials falling into intelligence booby traps. For instance, an official with the National Security Council secretariat S S Paul was put under surveillance after being \"compromised\" by a US embassy official Rosanna Minchew. The most famous recent case being of Rabinder Singh, a senior RAW official who was spirited away to the US since he had become a double agent. The government has regularly prevented its officials from fraternizing with foreign service nationals.Singh in his letter pointed out that \"such contacts give an opportunity to FSNs and embassy officersstaffers (some of whom may be intelligence operatives) to cultivate sources within the government andor push their agenda\".Stating that such contact is \"reprehensible\", Singh told the secretaries on Thursday, \"The matter regarding the specific officers will be taken up separately but you may like to advise all officers to strictly follow the laid down rules and guidelines..The home secretary, however, did not give details of specific cases. An official said, \"The ministry sends such directives to all ministries from time to time. The existing rules prohibit interactions of government officers with foreigners workingattached with embassies or high commissions\".The 1970 rules of the ministry approves meeting of government officers with such foreigners only during official meeting outside or within the ministry and that too for strictly \"official purpose\".Officials in the ministry also cited the recent incidents, where foreign NGOs were found to be funding people for anti-government protests against Kudankulam nuclear power project in Tamil Nadu as one of the reasons for such a move. He said: \"Connection of some NGOs with foreign spies can also not be completely ruled out\".In February, the home ministry had referred two cases of Foreign Contribution Regulation Act violation by the NGOs to the CBI and two more cases to the Tamil Nadu Police for investigation.Bank accounts of these four NGOs had also been frozen after an inquiry conducted by the home ministry reportedly found them diverting funds meant for charity to fuel the protests. The action had come days after Prime Minister Manmohan Singh stated that NGOs have received support from abroad for leading protests against a much-awaited nuclear power plant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12987886", "title": "Man gets 365 days in jail for taking Rs 250 bribe", "text": "BANGALORE: The law has the last laugh, as it proved in Papanna's case. After 12 long years, Papanna, a junior health inspector with Arkalgud Town Municipality, has to undergo a year's imprisonment for accepting a bribe of Rs 250 to inspect and issue a work order for water connection to a house. He will also have to pay a fine of Rs 7,000, failure to pay which could mean more days in jail.The high court upheld the criminal appeal filed by Lokayukta police, challenging the February 29, 2008, verdict of special judge (Lokayukta cases), Hassan, in acquitting Papanna. Justice V Jagannathan convicted Papanna for offences under Section 7 and Section 13 (1)(d) read with 13 (2) of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988.Under Section 7, he was sentenced to six months simple imprisonment and a fine of Rs 2,000 was imposed on him. In case he fails to pay the fine, he has to undergo an additional 15 days' simple imprisonment. Under Section 13 (1)(d) read with 13 (2), the court imposed one year simple imprisonment and a fine of Rs 5,000. Failure to pay the fine can result in an additional 30 days in prison. Both these sentences would run concurrently, meaning that Papanna would have to spend at least one year in jail.\"The finding of the court is totally perverse in nature, the trial court totally disregarded the convincing evidence of the complainant, resulting in unjustified acquittal,\" the judge observed in his verdict. \"A chemical test (phenolphthalein) itself becomes secondary because the accused himself has accepted receipt of the bribe amount from the complainant.\"THE CASEAN Shivanna had complained to Lokayukta police on March 1, 2000, after Papanna insisted on payment of Rs 250 as bribe for a spot visit to issue a work order for water connection to a house built by his mother, Thimmamma, in Kote Janatha colony.Lokayukta police laid a trap and with the assistance of a shadow witness, were able to nab Papanna while he accepted the bribe on March 6, 2000, at the office gate. A case was registered and he was prosecuted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12989176", "title": "Fair to mark Mamata Banerjee government's one year in office", "text": "KOLKATA: Come May 15 and you could be at the \" Pragati Mela\" - at the Milan Mela grounds off EM Bypass - to check out the \"achievements\" of the Mamata Banerjee government on its first anniversary.The state government top brass put their heads together on Thursday to chalk out a plan on how to celebrate the new government's first anniversary. It has already been decided that there will be a 15-day fair on the Milan Mela grounds and a committee has been formed to decide how to work this out. Apart from the fair with stalls, models and focus areas, there will be several cultural programmes will also be held. along with the fair with stalls, models and focus areas.On Thursday, chief secretary Samar Ghosh met secretaries of all departments to decide how to allot spaces to different departments at the Milan Mela grounds - \"the logistics of how the space would be distributed\".Last week, state urban development minister Firhad Hakim, housing minister Aroop Biswas, education minister Bratya Basu, transport minister Madan Mitra and Arpita Ghosh - who is part of the information and cultural affairs department - had discussed the details of the upcoming fair.Urban development and municipal affairs for one- considered to be a priority area for the Mamata Banerjee government - have been given a single stall covering 5,000 square feet area. There will be separate enclosures within this stall on Hidco.According to Samar Ghosh, \"The departments were allotted space where they will highlight what they have donewill display. I&CA; is the nodal department that is coordinating the fair.\"There are 60 departments of the government and almost all of them are being given space to highlight what they have done in the past year. Some of the departments may be merged together thematically in one stall.There will also be several hoardings and placards displayed throughout the city showcasing the government's achievements over the past one year.Nandini Chakraborty, I&CA; secretary, made a presentation on the hoardings and logo that will be on display in the run-up to the celebrations, during and after it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12988862", "title": "Adarsh society wants Jairam Ramesh to explain missing files", "text": "MUMBAI: Adarsh housing society has filed an application before the judicial commission seeking permission to summon Union minister Jairam Ramesh and seek an explanation from him regarding the missing files in the case. This comes even as the state's top bureaucrat, chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad, has been summoned to give evidence in the case on Friday.Rural development minister Ramesh held the environment portfolio in 2011, when the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) had ordered the demolition of Adarsh building.The society in its application, submitted by advocate Saket Mone, wants Ramesh and MoEF officers to explain how the file containing the correspondence between the ministry and state urban development department went missing. Around 30 bundles of files, including those concerning Adarsh, went missing in 2010. The commission comprising Justice J A Patil and member P Subrahmanyam has scheduled Adarsh's application for hearing on Friday.The commission has also summoned chief secretary Gaikwad to face questions in the Adarsh case, especially during his time as metropolitan commissioner, when various permissions were granted to the building. The allegation against Gaikwad is that despite objections raised by the Indian Navy, Gaikwad granted the OC. Gaikwad has refuted the allegations.Meanwhile, MoEF director A Senthil Vel, told the judicial panel that Adarsh was an unauthorized construction. \"There was no clearance given by the MoEF for the development of the plot of Adarsh society at any time. In the absence of any such clearance, the construction of Adarsh building is illegal,'' said Senthil Vel, in response to questions by the counsels for the commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12988723", "title": "52 child labourers rescued, 18 arrested", "text": "MUMBAI: Fifty-two child labourers were rescued and 18 persons were arrested from Byculla on Thurday after the Social Services Branch (SSB), the state labour department and the BMC conducted a raid.The department received a tip off from the NGO Pratham, alerting them to the presence of many underage workers in the industrial area of Kanjarpada, said the area comprised of several small scale industries like embroidery, tailoring and manufacture of leather and plastic bags.\"We rescued 52 boys between the ages of 10 and 14. We arrested 18 persons and booked them under the Child Labour Prevention Act,\" said ACP (SSB), Vasant Dhoble.Police said the rescued children mostly belonged to Uttar Pradesh and Bihar. They were sent to the Dongri Observation Home and would be produced in front of the Child Welfare Commission on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12988529", "title": "Presidential election: Congress goes all-out to woo Mamata Banerjee", "text": "NEW DELHI: The UPA leadership was aggressively wooing West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Thursday in order to sew up her support for the presidential elections, and shut any opening for the BJP to cause trouble in the looming political contest.Congress chief Sonia Gandhi went into a huddle with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and finance minister Pranab Mukherjee over ways to meet Banerjee's demand for a moratorium on interest payments on central loans. Although rules prohibit such a concession to an individual state, finance ministry officials are expected to show ingenuity to come up with a device to get around the problem in concert with West Bengal officials who are in the Capital along with their CM.Banerjee, who discussed presidential polls with the Congress chief, was keeping her cards close to her chest, maintaining that it was the Congress which had to decide the nominee and that she did not believe in interfering with others' businesses. Talking to reporters in Parliament, the CM said that while she would like the president to be chosen by consensus, a contest, in case it became unavoidable, would not trouble her either. \"A consensus is desirable, but may not always be achieved because of political compulsions. So the possibility of contest cannot be ruled out and in such a situation those who are having the majority will naturally prevail.\"Stubborn efforts by reporters to get her to spell out as to whom among Congress's two nominees -- finance minister Pranab Mukherjee or Vice-President Hamid Ansari -- would she prefer did not succeed. According to Trinamool sources, Sonia refrained from discussing names in what was the first meeting between the two since Banerjee took over as the chief minister.The estimate in both Trinamool and Congress circles was that Banerjee would eventually abide by UPA's consensus choice. She also had a meeting with SP leader Mulayam Singh Yadav amid indications that she would like to coordinate her moves with the UP satrap, but this should not necessarily trouble the Congress leadership. The SP supremo has been remarkably conciliatory in his statements on presidential polls, and has actively nipped the perception that he might be the nucleus of the grand alliance many in the BJP wish to forge to nettle the UPA.Trinamool sources said that Banerjee, just like Mulayam, is not enamoured of A P J Abdul Kalam, in what could give comfort to Congress which is wary of the moves to prop up the former president as the \"consensus\" choice.Choosing between Mukherjee and Ansari may not be easy for Banerjee. The West Bengal chief minister is not in awe of the finance minister's reputation as an elder statesman and a valuable asset for the UPA. Especially because many people feel that Mukherjee has not used his stature to help her deal with West Bengal's financial distress. Trinamool people have often blamed the veteran for the trust deficit between the two sides. Simultaneously, however, Banerjee would not like to be seen as hindering the prospect of a Bengali, the first one ever, moving into Rashtrapati Bhawan in case Mukherjee manages to get Sonia's nod.She has no special reason to be enthusiastic about Ansari either. The vice president owes his position to the sponsorship from her arch rival, the Left. In fact, Banerjee had decided not to vote when Ansari entered the fray for vice-president five years ago, but changed her decision at the Congress chief's behest.Congress circles feel that she might do the same if Ansari emerges as UPA's consensus choice. Support of SP for the vice-president and a moratorium on interest payment may only help clarify matters for her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12988748", "title": "11.5 lakh applicants yet to be issued unique identification cards in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: The process of making the much-hyped biometric unique identification (UID) cards, also known as Aadhaar cards, is moving at snail's pace and over 11.5 lakh applicants in Bihar are still waiting to receive their cards by post. Due to the slow progress, the process of inviting applications was stopped on February 15.Launched on July 24 last year in the state, about 30 lakh people in Bihar have applied for the card being prepared under the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) initiative. India Post has been entrusted with the task of delivering the cards to the respective applicants.\"Till February 15, almost 30 lakh applicants in Bihar registered for the UID cards. About 18.5 lakh of them have so far been delivered their cards,\" Anil Kumar, marketing director, postal department, told TOI. \"We were supposed to deliver the cards within 95 days from the date of enrolment. But matching process takes time,\" he added.The slow speed led to the government halting the process till the postal department delivered the cards to all the applicants. \"On February10, the government of India ordered all centres involved in making UID cards to stop taking further applications from February 15 and asked them to deliver all pending cards to respective applicants by June 30,\" said Kumar, adding, \"We are expecting the central authorities to contact us by June 15 to start the enrolment process by June 30.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12987618", "title": "Petition in HC seeks lifting of bull race ban", "text": "MUMBAI: A petition seeking to overturn the ban on bullock cart races has been filed before the HC. It claims races are only held at village fairs and there is no exploitation of bulls.The high court has asked the state to respond to the claims in the petition.Earlier this year in March, the high court had upheld a ban on bullock cart races.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "gnd stadium", "code": "12989575", "title": "No renovation of Guru Nanak Dev Stadium in past 8 months", "text": "GND STADIUM: It was in August 2011 that the renovation of Guru Nanak Dev Stadium had started, but eight months past, the work seems no where near completion. At present, the renovation work is at a complete halt, after being stopped in November 2011.Punjab sports department had entrusted the renovation work to Punjab Mandi Board (PMB) but the department officials have been in an indefinite wait for its completion.District sports officer Surjeet Singh said the renovation is taking a lot of time with the stadium infrastructure still in a miserable state. PMB had initially taken up the renovation of blocks A, B and F at the stadium, concentrating on the canopies on these blocks, but the board instead took up the construction of washrooms in A block considering the immediate need for it before the World Kabaddi Cup 2011, said Surjeet.The construction of washrooms lies incomplete till date, without any intimidation to the sports department- about the break in the renovation work, added Surjeet.\"Players and spectators faced problems during the World Kabaddi Cup finals as the stadium lacks changing rooms as well,'' he said. The DSO said even the players who practise daily at the stadium face inconvenience in the absence of proper washrooms, adding, \"There are bathrooms in every block, but they are in a filthy condition. There is no water supply even.''The GND Stadium also hosted the 57th National School Games in January this year with concrete seats that had cracks, apart from other poor or missing infrastructure. PMB chief engineer R S Gill said the renovation had been stopped due to some technical snags, but would resume within a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12989323", "title": "Chandigarh administration scraps city projects", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Keeping in view the future requirements, the UT architecture department of the Chandigarh administration has altered the design of Sector 17 and scrapped two multi-level parking lots of a total of four, coming up in the sector, for the time being. The fresh drawings were submitted before the Punjab and Haryana HC recently.It has now dawned on the department that four multi-level parking lots would be more than the requirement and the vacant land should be kept for future projects. It has now been decided to have only two multi-level parking lots in Sector 17, one opposite the circus ground, which is pending in arbitration as there is a dispute between a Delhi-based private construction company and the municipal corporation, while the other one is near the RBI office, whose plan has already been made. Construction on this MC lot will begin in the coming month or two.A senior UT officer, who declined to be named, said, \"The two other planned multi-level parking lots have been kept as reserved land and planning will be done later. Initially we should check the response of two underground multi-level parking lots for pros and cons.\"UT chief architect Sumit Kaur said, \"First we should construct the two multi-level parking projects and after that other things can be considered as per the requirements of the city.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12987483", "title": "Illegal mining continues unabated in Gondia", "text": "GONDIA: In spite of the claim of the mining department of Gondia district to have achieved 97% target on revenue collection and detection, illegal mining and transportation of metal are going on unabated.Just on April 30, illegal transportation of metal was detected from 63.09 hectares of land as against permission of only one hectare.According to Gondia district mining officer SS Joshi, the district was given a target 16 crore for revenue collection from mining for financial year 2011-12 and detection of over 1,800 cases. As against this, Gondia district's revenue collection from mining during this period was 15,66,42,188. Detectionwise it was 1,790 against 1,800 cases. Out of these, fines of 47.80 lakh was collected, while 519 cases are pending from whom fines of 6.19 lakh is expected.According figures given by the mining department, the average detection of cases of illegal mining in Goregaon, Arjuni Morgaon, Sadak Arjuni and Salekasa tehsils is 135 per tehsil, whereas in Tiroda tehsil, it is 203 cases.Tiroda is situated on the bank of river Wainganga, where huge construction activities are going on due to Adani thermal power plant. The power plant is close to the village Mahalgaon where illegal transportation of metal was detected on April 30, where four trucks and one JCB were seized.According to an estimate of village panchayat, about 100 trucks of metal are taken away illegally from this spot everyday.In Mahalgaon case, tehsidar of Gondia Motghare recovered a fine of over Rs 77,000 from the truck owners and the contractors and four trucks and JCB machines have been confiscated and deposited in Dawaniwada police station.The illegal mining activities are having an adverse impact on the natural beauty of the hillocks near Nagzira reserve forest and posing a serious threat to the environment. Gondia district mining officer SS Joshi said that as far as the legal permission is concerned he has not given permission for mining from any spot to anybody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "bhadrak", "code": "12988389", "title": "Baby swapping charge in Bhadrak", "text": "BHADRAK: Parents of a newborn have alleged that their boy was replaced by a baby girl at the Bhadrak district headquarter hospital recently. The parents and villagers staged a dharna in front of the CDMO's office on Thursday and demanded that the authorities should give back their child and refused to accept their girl child.According to hospital sources, Laxmipriya Barik (22) of Baulapala Village gave birth to a baby around 7 am on Tuesday. Soon after that a woman came out of the labour room and congratulated her family and told that baby boy was born. Minutes after, a health worker informed the family that a girl was born.\"I have extensively inquired into the matter and found the allegation of the parents to be false. All the babies, who were born five hours before Barik's delivery, were girl babies. The family members of the complainant were misinformed by somebody unknown. We have suggested the parents to conduct the DNA test to clear their confusion. We have decided to send the newborn to \"Batsalya\", a home run by NGOs,\" said Adhar Nayak, the CDMO of Bhadrak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12987821", "title": "Bus robbers arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: Six alleged robbers were arrested from west Delhi while planning to rob passengers on a bus, police said on Thursday. Sources said the gang drew inspiration from movies and used to work in two units - a group of four would board and rob a bus while two others would trail them in a stolen car to help them escape.The accused told police they used to target passengers headed for the railway station or the bus terminus, as they would be in a hurry and not bother to complain to the police. \"On May 2, the AATS squad received information that Vikram's gang would be coming to a petrol pump in the Meera Bagh area in a stolen car. The informer tipped us off that they were planning to rob a bus. A team was deployed near the pump and the accused were arrested,\" said V Renganathan, addl CP (west).The accused have been identified as Vikram, Manmohan, Saroj, Deendayal, Rohtash and Kuldeep. Vikram told cops that he had studied till Class 5, and took to crime due to financial trouble. He started with petty thefts and graduated to robbing buses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12987509", "title": "UP Power Corporation Limited set to add 1,000MW to its generation capacity", "text": "times news networkLUCKNOW: The UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) top brass have moved into an overdrive to generate additional power following repeated tripping of plants in the state as a scorching summer sets in. So, after having synchronized a 250 mw unit in Harduaganj, directions have been issued to get a unit a 250 mw unit in Paricha fired up. Likewise, the state may hope to see a 600 mw unit of Anpara 9 steam out power by May end. In a way, if everything goes as per plans, the state would be in a position to up its own production by around 1,000 mw by June when it would be most needed.An increased generation target also comes just around the time when the state would move into local bodies' election mode, when the ruling Samajwadi Party state government would try to provide more and more power, not only in the cities but also electrified villages.Chairman, UPPCL, Avnish Awasthi said that the priority area is to stabilize the power that is being generated from the state's own utilities. We hope to get power from two more utilities by the end of this month or the beginning of next month,'' he said.Importantly, the corporation has its eyes fixed on the two 250 mw Harduaganj power projects, of which one started generation. It is gradually picking up,'' he said. With the coming of 250 mw Paricha power unit, the generation front will get better,'' he said.But it will be the coming of 600 mw Anpara C power plant that would actually ease out any stress that the state is facing. The unit has been facing an acute shortage of coal for the past many months. Sources, however, said that the Lanco promoted unit has now signed an agreement with the Coal India Limited for supply of 80% of the total fuel requirement. The CIL has been insisting on supply of only 50% of the total fuel requirement. That has led the unit into a crisis.The demand for power is rising sharply. According to an estimate, it's is now pegged between 9,500 to 10,000 mw during peak hours. This is set to rise even further as the time progresses. Awasthi said that the demand is rising sharply. We are trying to meet it with whatever possible means,'' he said.Sources said that UPPCL is treading cautiously while entering into any agreement with other states. Until last year, UPPCL had trading agreement with other states to arrange for additional power given the ever rising demand. This time, any such move is being avoided. The UPPCL chairman said that no such agreement has been signed as of now. The revenue situation has been taken into consideration while going ahead with this kind of initiative,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12987185", "title": "Constable held for thrashing hotel manager", "text": "PUNE: The Pune police on Thursday arrested constable Umesh Rajaram Dhende of the Bund Garden police station for allegedly thrashing a hotel manager over a dispute of paying food bills on April 26.Senior police inspector Ukaji Sonawane of the Bund Garden police station said that the manager, Salim Nawad Khan (42) of Metro hotel, was counting the day's cash when Dhende arrived and asked for a takeaway of chicken handi and paranthas at 12 midnight.Sonawane said that a dispute broke out between the two after Khan requested him to pay a bill of Rs 270.According to Sonawane, Dhende lost his cool when he was asked to pay the bill and verbally abused Khan for demanding money from a policeman.In a fit of anger, Dhende thrashed Khan and severely hit him on his left ear five to six times. The constable also allegedly thrashed the hotel staff, Sonawane said.Khan suffered severe pain in his ear and his hearing was affected. The hotel owner took up the issue with senior police officials, following which a case against Dhende was registered for voluntarily causing hurt, disturbing peace and criminal intimation under sections 325, 323, 504 and 506 of the Indian Penal Code on May 2.The police produced Dhende before judicial magistrate first class Rohidas Wankhede and filed a plea for seeking his police custody remand for seven days.Dhende's lawyer Sameer Ghatge opposed the plea on the grounds that his client was arrested in a bailable offence and that his custodial interrogation was not essential.The court upheld the lawyer's plea and sent the constable to magisterial custody. He was later released on bail on furnishing personal bond of Rs 15,000.Deputy commissioner of police (Zone II) Raghunath Khaire has suspended Dhende for bad behaviour.It may be recalled that the Pune state criminal investigation department had arrested Dhende and other policemen in a custodial death case a few years ago. The district and sessions court had acquitted Dhende and others as the witnesses in the case had turned hostile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12989557", "title": "Manual scavenging: 2 contractors held after Mangalore City Corporation lodges complaint", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore city police on Thursday arrested two contactors under the Employment of Manual Scavengers and Construction of Dry Latrines (Prohibition) Act, 1993.The action was taken after M Ramesh, executive engineer, Mangalore City Corporation filed a complaint saying that Sanjay Mishra and Ravindra Kumar Mishra, both contractors of the Sulabh Shauchalaya located near the service bus station, had employed Rajan Kumar Singh and Pappu Thakur for cleaning a blocked manhole of an underground drainage (UGD) near Town Hall on Wednesday.The arrested as well as the employees hail from Bihar, said police.Earlier, minister for urban development, Suresh Kumar taking note of media reports on continuing instances of manual scavenging in the city despite the ban on manual scavenging, directed MCC commissioner Harish Kumar to initiate strict action against the guilty.Criminal cases against violators Harish Kumar said that private individuals are not allowed to carry out cleaning work on underground drainage (UGD) manholes in the city.\"Manual scavenging is an offence under the Employment of Manual Scavengers and Construction of Dry Latrines (Prohibition) Act, 1993. MCC has facilities to clean manholes using machines. Hence, individuals cleaning manholes will be booked under the act,\" he said and warned that criminal case will be filed against those who violate the rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12988091", "title": "Surval case: Five policemen removed from duty", "text": "JAIPUR: The police department has removed two deputy superintendents of police and three station house officers (SHO) from duty. They have been asked to report to the police headquarter in Surval case, in which SHO Phool Mohammad was burnt alive by a mob on March 17, 2011.Police sources said those removed from duty are deputy SP Sawai Madhopur, Satpal Singh, deputy SP (rural) Moti Lal, Rawanjna Dongar SHO, Iftikhar Uddin, Behrawanda Kalan SHO Sri Chand and Vajeerpur SHO.Last year in March, agitating mob had set on fire Man Town SHO Phool Mohammed in his jeep in Surval village in Sawai Madhopur. The mob became violent when a youth, Meena jumped to death from an overhead water tank, he was demanding action in a murder case. At that time, police officers from DySP rank to constable were present. But, when the mob became violent after Meena's death, the police officers ran away leaving their vehicles behind.Police sources said that these officers would not be given field postings as inquiry against them is pending.Action against the five police officers was taken when they were held responsible by the then Bharatpur range IG, Madhusudan Singh, in a departmental inquiry. The report mentioned that the senior police officers including DySPs and SHOs fled from the scene without making efforts to control the situation.Sources said the report was also sent to the state government six months ago but no action was taken against the police officials who failed to control the situation and SHO Phool Mohammad was set on fire by the mob.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12987293", "title": "Sachin great, but like Dravid more: Mike Hussey", "text": "CHENNAI: Mike Hussey and Rahul Dravid are similar in many ways. Both had been integral parts of their national teams, yet the spotlight has rarely been on them. Therefore, it wasn't surprising when 'Mr Cricket' termed the 'Wall' as his favourite Indian cricketer of the modern era.\"(Sachin) Tendulkar, too, is a great player but I like Dravid the most for the way he approaches the game,\" Hussey said on the sidelines of a cricket education programme.\"It's his guts, determination and never-say-die attitude that makes him stand out,\" Hussey said, praising the Indian stalwart, who quit international cricket after the team's debacle in Australia. Dravid didn't do too well in that series, but Hussey doesn't feel that takes anything away from the right-hander's glorious career.\"He had done it for years, scored runs everywhere he played, and he is such a humble human being,\" Hussey said. The respect for the Team Rajasthan captain was evident in the cricketer's tenor.The Aussie feels India have a strong talent pool, but he made it clear to TOI that it will be difficult for them to find Dravid's replacement. \"It will be very very hard for India. Let me tell you, it won't happen in a hurry,\" Hussey said.But the Australian, turning out for Team Chennai in the IPL, believes that India have a wealth of talent. \"Virat (Kohli) has proved that he is a world-class performer. Then there are the likes of Rohit Sharma, Suresh Raina and Cheteshwar Pujara. There are many more and the kind of following that India have for the game, they will always discover new players,\" Hussey added.He has seen the rise and fall of Indian cricket. The Aussies were victims of the Indian onslaught in the World Cup last year, but when it came to the Tests Down Under, MS Dhoni's boys got the thrashing of their lives, losing 0-4.Hussey, though, doesn't feel anything is drastically wrong with Indian cricket. \"You should understand that India reached the top in both forms of the game. It's not easy to hold on to the spot and England came very hard at them. Then, we too, were really keen to win that series. But it will be wrong to say that India are no longer the same team that they were,\" the left-hander said graciously. Dhoni's captaincy, too, came up for discussion but Hussey didn't blame his Chennai skipper. \"A captain is always as good as his team. It's true for every team, be it India or Chennai,\" he added.When he was quizzed about Team Chennai's poor run, the Aussie said they were not out of the race yet. \"We have been through such situations before. How can I forget the way Dhoni hit that six in Dharmsala in 2010 to win us a losing game and take us through to the semifinals. This team knows how to fight and we won't go down that easily,\" Hussey said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12988420", "title": "Private firm head held on rape charge", "text": "CHENNAI: A 29-year-old managing director of a Chennai-based private firm was arrested on Thursday on charges of rape and assault.Based on the complaint of Sapna (name changed), a 20-year-old final year B Sc student, the Kilpauk all-women police registered a case under various sections, including rape, against William James (name changed), head of the city unit of a company, and arrested him. Sapna had been working in the human resources department of the company for the past month, police said.In her complaint, Sapna said that one night two weeks ago when she was about to leave for home, James called her to his cabin for some work and gave her a soft drink. She blacked out after drinking it, the complaint said.Sapna told investigation officers that when she woke up, she was shocked to find herself naked. She also said she felt she had been sexually assaulted. James said he had taken nude pictures of her on his mobile phone and threatened to make them public, she said.After the incident, Sapna said, she believed James would marry her but she was shocked when he came to know that James had got engaged to a girl and planned to marry her in May. She approached James and asked him to marry her. When he refused, Sapna approached police commissioner J K Tripathy and submitted a complaint which was forwarded to the Kilpauk all-women police.\"We searched his house in Royapettah. We have confiscated his laptop and his mobile phone to verify if he has any video clippings of the girl. The seized laptop and mobile will be sent to the cyber crime laboratory for further verification,\" a police officer said.The girl would be sent to the government general hospital for a medical examination on Friday after being produced before a magistrate court in the city, a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12988422", "title": "Israeli arms firm moves Delhi HC against Centre's 10-year ban", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre's decision to blacklist several defence firms has reached the Delhi high court.An Israeli firm, blacklisted by the government recently, has moved HC challenging the decision.Justice Vipin Sanghi on Thursday issued notice to the defence ministry and sought its reply to a petition filed by Israel Military Industries Ltd, a government of Israel subsidiary that has been debarred for 10 years by the Centre.The petition argues it is obvious the company has been debarred in a \"knee-jerk reaction\" to ward off usual allegations of corruption in procurement and just to show some action is being taken.The petitioner firm also drew the court's attention to the two showcause notices issued to it by the centre in February, 2011, where it was informed that penalty contemplated was for a period of five years yet when the final decision came it blacklists the company for 10 years.Appearing for the Israeli firm, senior advocate Harish Salve and advocate Ajay Bhargava urged the court to quash the decision saying there can be no justification for passing such an order. In its petition, the firm claims it has closely worked with the ministry in establishing strategic defence relationship between India and Israel. The petition also questions the rationale of CBI recommending it be blacklisted following investigations in one of the cases. It argues the CBI is a probe agency that now has powers to recommend a firm be blacklisted.The court has fixed July 26 as the next date of hearing when it will take up the ministry's response.In March, the ministry had blacklisted six companies, including Israel Military Industry for 10 years, for their alleged role in Ordnance Factory scam. The firms were blacklisted following action against former Director General of Ordnance Factories (DGOF) Sudipta Ghosh who was chargesheeted by the CBI for his alleged role in defence scams.The firms have been debarred from further business dealings with Ordnance Factory Board (OFB), department of defence production under the ministry for 10 years.The CBI accuses Ghosh entered into conspiracy with other accused with the object of demanding and obtaining illegal gratification for various supply orders placed by OFB and also in the matters relating to transfer or posting of the officers of Ordnance Factories.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12988828", "title": "A colony struggles to avail basic facilities", "text": "COIMBATORE: In this day and age it is hard to imagine that an entire colony in a city lacks basic facilities such as water connections, drainage and toilet facilities. However, for residents of Dharmaraj Nagar, this is a reality they are struggling to change but to no avail. Despite repeated attempts to improve their quality of life, the callous attitude of the authorities has forced residents to believe that they have been sidelined because they belong to backward communities.\"We still don't have water supply in our homes. Sewage water pervades the streets as we do not have drainage facilities. None of the officials seem to be concerned about our plight,\" says R Sundar, a resident of Dharmaraj Nagar. The colony situated in the centre of ward no 18 in Madukkarai Town Panchayat is besieged by serious civic issues. Residents look on helplessly, as they see development all around them.Around 300 families have been residing in the locality for over three decades. They have consistently approached panchayat officials to improve their situation, but not much has changed over the years. They allege that it is only their colony that has been denied basic facilities while areas surrounding them have water connections and drainage facilities.Residents had submitted a petition to the District Collector M Karunagaran on Monday demanding basic amenities. C Dalitkumar, a resident of the Dharmaraj Nagar said that though they had registered several complaints, no action was taken. \"We constitute half the ward. Most of us belong to scheduled castes and scheduled tribes. The other areas seem to have the facilities we have been denied. We have to depend on wells for water and it is a long walk to collect it,\" he said. Though there are public taps, supply is restricted to once a week or fortnight.S Sivan, a resident of the area for around 30 years says that they collect water from the nearby places. They don't even have adequate toilet facilities. \"We have to go to defecate in the bushes. Though there is a public toilet in the colony, it has been locked by the panchayat,\" he said.C Subbulakshmi who has been a resident for more than 15 years talks about the difficulties for the women of the colony. \"It is really embarrassing for us to do our morning ablutions out in the open. Ours is the only area in the panchayat to face this issue. It is also very tiring and difficult to carry water from wells,\" she said.However, MP Harikrishna, who lives in the ward refutes the alleged discrimination. He said the colony did not have water supply because there were no distribution lines in the area. \"As it will take some time to lay the pipelines, we are construction three bore wells which will be functional in a few weeks. The toilet was locked after it was damaged by some miscreants. The area has seen much development over the years. Yes , there are some civic issues that need to be addressed and we are looking into it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12986796", "title": "Sreesanth opts for surgery, out for five months", "text": "KOCHI: Indian pacer Sreesanth, who has been absent from the international arena since last August due to fitness issues, will be out of action for at least five more months.It is learnt that the seamer has written to the BCCI seeking permission for undergo surgery on his injured toe in Germany. \"As soon as BCCI gives the nod, he will leave for Germany,\" a source close to the player told TOI on Thursday.The news was confirmed by Sreesanth himself on twitter: \"Got to get 2 surgery, will be out of the game for 5 months. Hopefully, will try to get back soon. Take care. Thanks a lot.\" TOI first reported, back on February 1, that Sreesanth's toe injury could be career-threatening.The seamer was hoping to play in IPL 5 but the injury has turned out to be far more serious than what he had expected it to be.Sreesanth had, in fact, attended the training camp of Rajasthan before the IPL but he was soon confined to the sidelines as he couldn't recover from the injury. Rajasthan physio John Gloster advised the seamer to go back to the NCA in Bangalore when he found that the Kerala pacer wouldn't be able to play in this year's IPL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12988892", "title": "Now, load-shedding will be in loss-making areas", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) has started implementing the feeder-wise load-shedding system in places where losses are more than 55%. Accordingly, the Malegaon division has four feeders while Manmad has three feeders in rural areas falling in the bracket.Based on the principle that the higher the losses, more the load-shedding, the MSEDCL adapted the new system of load-shedding in such loss-making areas, instead of entire regions.This is to give an incentive to consumers who pay bills regularly. Accordingly, the MSECDL segregated the divisions into feeders and identified the ones which incur more losses to it.\"With newer techniques, we are now able to monitor feeder-based losses. With this, when an area faces particular hours of load-shedding depending upon losses classified under six categories, the area may have particular settlements (slums, agricultural establishments, industrial establishments, commercial set-ups) or pockets that are causing losses, both technical (power thefts) and commercial (lack of recovery). A special feeder is to be laid for these pockets and the losses for remaining areas will be ascertained to give them the benefit of lower load-shedding durations,\" a senior official informed.Accordingly, the Malegaon division has four such feeders. The Ajande pada and Nimgaon feeders have been classified as G-1 feeder and Zodge and Pimpalgaon as G-3 feeder areas.Similarly, from Manmad division, Nyaydongri has been classified in G-2 feeder area and Patoda and Khadgaon in G-3 categories. According to the ratings, G-3 is the worst in terms of losses.Meanwhile, the company has also worked out a formula through which pilgrimage spots and places of tourists interest in the rural areas have been absolved from load-shedding during the summer.Feeder Load shedding in hoursUrban RuralG-1 9 14G-2 10 15G-3 11 16", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12992568", "title": "Happy Birthday Trisha", "text": "Actress Trisha Kirshnan was conspicuously absent from the success meet of Dammu which was held in Hyderabad yesterday. That's because the actress is away on a vacation to ringing in her birthday with close friends and family. However, the actress was flooded with birthday wishers from her Tollywood co-stars. Here are a few of the tweets The actress has not had a great time of it in Tollywood last year but looks like there is some news on the anvil. The actress is set to announce her new signings as soon as she comes back from her vacation. Here is what some of her co-stars had to say on twitter.Samantha:... Happy happy birthday to the coolest actress around..muaaahh....love u trish... Always my fav. Siddharth: Happy happy birthday @trishtrashers ...have an amazing year missie! Cheers:) Rana Daggubati: Happy Birthday my bestest, have a beautiful year. Lots and lots love.@trishtrashers Priyamani: Wishing @trishtrashers a very happy bday!!!hv a great day babes!!!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12987564", "title": "SMS alert to Police Commissioner triggers raid on hookah parlour", "text": "NAGPUR: A message on city police chief Ankush Dhanvijay's cellphone prompted a raid at a place where a private hookah and pool parlour was operating despite an earlier order from the police to stop. Some two dozen customers, along with the manager, were whisked away to government medical college and hospital for medical examination after the raid on Wednesday evening on the joint at Futala promenade.It was shocking as to how the Ambazari police were not informed about the joint despite it functioning at a prominent place thronged by a sizable crowd. Any narcotics found in blood samples of the customers found indulging in prohibited activities at a public place in city may attract serious provisions of law against both the consumers and management of the place.Dhanvijay had cracked whip on hookah and pool parlours following citizens' protest in the wake of eight-year-old Kush Katariya's kidnapping and murder last year. Despite that, however, there were allegations that some joints were surreptitiously operating.\"A SMS from an unknown number alerted me about the joint with specific details. I forwarded it to the concerned deputy commissioner of police asking him to ensure that the raid does not fail,\" said Dhanvijay.DCP Kailas Kanse conducted the raid at the joint where he found customers enjoying hookahs and engaged in game of pool. \"At present, there was no action but the outcome of the test on the blood samples would decide the future course. They can be arrested too,\" said Dhanvijay.He also asked DCP Kanse to take stringent action against the owner and manager of the place under provision of the Bombay Police Act for allegedly being engaged in illegal activities. It is learnt that police have asked for documents related to the ownership of the joint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12990092", "title": "Court extends stay on quizzing Pragya", "text": "BHOPAL: Malegaon blast accused, Sadhvi Pragya Singh Thakur got a temporary reprieve, as she has been spared from interrogation by the National Investigation Agency (NIA) in connection with the murder case of RSS Pracharak Sunil Joshi.Both the prosecution NIA and defence lawyers face a complex legal situation, which has momentarily helped Pragya Singh Thakur to evade questioning. The High Court on Thursday accepted Pragya Thakur's appeal against interrogation by the NIA while also admitting the investigating agency's application to enable the questioning. The case will be heard again at a later date decided by the High Court.The High Court on April 20 had stayed Pragya's interrogation by the NIA after her lawyer filed a petition arguing that in March 2011 the Madhya Pradesh police filed a chargesheet against her in the same murder case in a Dewas court and it was not necessary for her to be questioned again.The court stayed her questioning and heard the case on May 2 and 3. On Wednesday, NIA lawyers filed an application against the stay order citing ``maintainability of criminal revision filed by Pragya Singh Thakur under section 21 of the NIA Act.'' NIA advocates argued that under the provision of the section 21 of the Act, a single bench could not have stayed the interrogation. At least a divisional bench of two judges is necessary to hear such a petition. Also that Pragya Singh Thakur cannot file an ``appeal'' before the court while her petition asked for a ``revision'' of the case registered against her. In other words, a case has been registered against her by the NIA and there is a provision for interrogation. She can only go to court with an appeal after the final hearing of the murder case.Pragya Thakur's lawyer immediately converted the revision petition to an appeal before the High Court.The High Court kept both the applications pending for a hearing on a date to be decided later.Meanwhile, the stay order on interrogation of Pragya Thakur by the NIA continues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12987976", "title": "Indian National Trust for Art &amp; Culture Heritage banks on community-centric model for conservation", "text": "JAIPUR: People-centric initiative is likely to be a leading strategy for INTACH (Indian National Trust for Art &amp; Culture Heritage) to preserve the country's culture and heritage given the encouraging results its pilot project on orans or Dev Banis in Sirohi has received. The project has shown how communities, instead of waiting for the government, can take the reins in their own hands to work for conservation.According to Maj. Gen. (Retd.) L K Gupta, chairman, INTACH, \"We had written to the ministry of culture to evolve a policy that looks at managing conservation with the people and not for the people. The entire initiative has to be community-centric where people know the pleasures of their own effort.\"Three projects in Sirohi are a pointer to the promise that this model of conservation holds. \"There are two projects in Sirohi that we had initiated. The first one was about reviving a 350 year-old 'talab' that used to re-charge all the borings and 'baoris'. Last year, we collected Rs four lakh and dug out one lakh tonne mud from the talab bed. The pond was ready before the monsoon. Fortunately, we had good rains and now we have all our water reservoirs re-charged. In what the government would have spent at least Rs 25 lakh we managed with Rs 3.5 lakh,\" said Ashutosh Patni, convenor, INTACH, Sirohi.\"As a result, the motivation is high among people as they had direct involvement with the project. Every evening about 250-500 people gather at the site monitoring the work and chalking out further plans\", he said.INTACH has also taken up a project on orans (sacred grooves). There are about 40 orans in Sirohi but the agency has now begun work on getting the listing more factual.\"There was a superstition among the people that they should not pick a twig from the sacred grooves. We held workshops in 17-18 orans and here the temple priests were the agents of change as people trust them,\" said Ashutosh.Because of the superstition prosopis juliflora (vilayati babul) had started proliferating as a pest. But since the last three months a Vikas Samiti was formed that initiated a 'babul' removal project.\"We intend to finish the work by monsoon. Before the rains set in we will plant 10 orans with tree species that combat climate change and are also animal edible,\" said Ashutosh.Communities in Sirohi also formed 'Paryavaran Suraksha Sansthan' and took up tree plantation on a150 bigha 'Goshala' or wasteland known as 'Kalka Tapovan.'\"The land belongs to the government but we have been given a free hand to develop it. Last year, we planted 7,200 trees out of which 7,000 have survived. All this has been possible with minimum expenditure because people's feelings are attached to the project,\" explained Ashutosh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "paris", "code": "12989267", "title": "Black hole caught devouring star", "text": "PARIS: Scientists have witnessed the rare spectacle of a supermassive black hole devouring a star that had ventured too close - an event that occurs about once in 10,000 years, they reported on Wednesday. Matter-sucking black holes normally lurk dormant and undetected at the centre of galaxies , but can occasionally be tracked by the scraps left over from their stellar fests.\"Black holes, like sharks, suffer from a popular misconception that they are perpetual killing machines ,\" said researcher Ryan Chornock from the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics in Massachusetts.If a star passes too close, the black hole's gravitational pull can rip it apart before sucking in its gases, which are heated by the friction and start to glow, giving away the silent killer's hiding place. Chornock and his colleagues observed such a glow in May 2010 through a telescope mounted on Mount Haleakala in Hawaii, as well as a Nasa satellite. The flare brightened to a peak that July, before fading away over the course of a year, the scientists said.After several months of observations the team to conclude the black hole was at the centre of a galaxy 2.7 billion light-years away, and about three million times the mass of our Sun. Its victim was probably a star in its late, red giant phase which had tempted fate by wandering to within 150 million km of the black hole - about the distance of Earth from the Sun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12989423", "title": "Chandigarh: Teacher puts up exhibition of little artists\u2019 creations", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Paintings are not just a way to give vent to your feelings, as they also help you communicate with the society, says city-based art teacher Sonal A Singh, who has put up an exhibition of her students artworks, aged between 3 and 14 years, at a hotel in Sector 8, Chandigarh. Through this exhibition she aims at providing a platform for child art to grow in the city.Each work displayed here is meant to express different kinds of feelings and ideas. There are almost 150 works on display and from Barbie dolls to supermen and to their dream homes and toys one can see all that a child feels and wants and how his wishes change and grow with age. As one walks to different stages of the painting, s/he can make out from the paintings how things change with age, not as an artist alone but as a human being. \"The works express joy, warmth, love for their families, animals, toys, flora and fauna. Every possible medium is used as sometimes it's a plane paper and sometimes a coloured, patterned sheet. I have begun my show with child's first scribbling when he or she first hold a tool and make a discovery, while doodling,\" she said.Talking about the importance of highlighting child art, she quotes Frany Cizek, an artist who started the Child Art Movement in Vienna opening the Juvenile Art Class in 1897. \"Frany said people make a great mistake in thinking of child art merely as a step to adult art but it is a thing in itself. Once its blossoms, it will never come again.\" The exhibition is on till May 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12987300", "title": "Anti-corruption bureau searches 13 properties of Andhalkar", "text": "PUNE: The anti-corruption bureau (ACB), Pune, on Thursday conducted searches at 13 properties of retired police inspector Bhausaheb Andhalkar in Pune and Solapur district. The ACB has found assets worth Rs 5.90 lakh from Andhalkar's residence located at police quarters in Pashan.The ACB on Wednesday had arrested Andhalkar for allegedly amassing assets worth Rs 1.57 crore disproportionate to his known source of income. After conducting an open inquiry, the ACB found that Andhalkar has amassed 95% more assets than the known sources of his income.A special court on Thursday sent Andhalkar to police custody remand till May 7.Speaking to TOI, deputy commissioner of police (ACB) Sarang Awad said the ACB conducted searches at 13 properties belonging to Andhalkar. \"Most of the properties are jointly owned by Andhalkar's wife, son and mother,\" Awad said.The ACB searched Andhalkar's residence in Barshi in Solapur district, his farm house, restaurant, marriage hall, his mother's house, an Emu farm, crusher, a unit of manufacturing paver blocks, and a weigh bridge at Soundarya village in Solapur district. The ACB has searched Andhalkar's two bank lockers. The ACB also searched Andhalkar's daughter's house in Akluj in Solapur district.\"During the search of Andhalkar's house in police colony in Pashan, we found assets worth Rs 5.90 lakh,\" said assistant commissioner of police (ACB) Hemant Bhat, who is investigating the case.Awad said the ACB started the open inquiry against Andhalkar around eight months back. \"Since then the ACB had sent 11 summons to Andhalkar, as we wanted to record his statement. However, he did not comefor recording the statement,\" Awad said., adding, \"After completing the inquiry, we arrested Andhalkar on Wednesday.\"Earlier, additional public prosecutor Pratap Jadhav prayed to remand Andhalkar to police custody for seven day for conducting detail investigation.Andhalkar's counsel Sudhir Shah argued that the then ACB chief Vishwas Pandhare in its report dated June 19, 2009 had given clean chit to his cli-ent that the property possessed by him was from his legal source of in-come.Shah alleged that his client was implicated in the case because of political rivalry after he had joined Shiv Sena .The judge after going through the documents furnished by the ACB said that it cannot be said that the ACB has given him a clean chit to Andhal-kar.According to the court, the properties purchased by Andhalkar in his and others name are benami properties attracting offence under section 13 (1) (e) of the Prevention of Corruption Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12989760", "title": "Naidu denies meeting P Chidambaram on Telangana", "text": "HYDERABAD: It is the word of a serving home minister against a former chief minister. A day after Union home minister P Chidambaram claimed that TDP president N Chandrababu Naidu had met him to discuss the Telangana issue, the latter on Thursday vehemently denied it.In the meantime, the Telangana Political JAC joined issue and said if what the home minister said was true, then Naidu should come clean on the whole issue.\"Chidambaram's comment that I had met him and discussed Telangana is untrue. There is not an iota of truth in it.\"Instead of working for an amicable solution to resolve the Telangana issue, the Centre is trying to mislead the nation and the people,\" Naidu said in a press release on Thursday.He condemned the 'laid-back' attitude of the Centre on Telangana. Naidu was informed of Chidambaram's statement in Parliament on Wednesday by his party leaders after his return to the city from the bypoll campaign on Thursday morning. \"Our president immediately denied that and said the Congress is trying to mislead the people.\"He clarified that he never met Chidambaram on the Telangana issue,\" TDP leader L Ramana told the media after meeting Naidu.Addressing a press conference, TJAC chairman M Kodandaram said Chidambaram's statement in the Lok Sabha needed to be viewed with caution as both TDP and Congress have been tying their best to stall the formation of Telangana state.\"There is every need for TDP to make its stand clear on the Telangana issue, in the wake of Chidambaram's statement. Naidu must make public all that transpired between him and PC.Naidu is known for his dual standards. All our accusations against Naidu have been proved right,\" he said.\"The T-TDP forum should bring pressure on its leadership to make official its support to the formation of Telangana state.\"Similarly, Congress MPs too need to show their sincerity by bringing pressure on their high command or resign from their posts.\"People don't believe them anymore,\" he said.In another development, Telangana employees held lunch-hour demonstrations at all offices across the region demanding setting up of a pay revision commission (PRC) and implementation of all assurances given them by the state government for calling off their 42-day Sakala Janula Samme agitation.The Joint Action Committee of Telangana Employees, Gazetted Officers, Teachers, Workers and Pensioners warned the government of a fresh strike if their demands were not fulfilled by the end of June.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "dasna (ghaziabad)", "code": "12987481", "title": "Nupur Talwar takes to teaching women inmates, kids in jail", "text": "DASNA (GHAZIABAD): With her bail plea rejected and trial in the double murder case to start soon, it seems Nupur Talwar may have to stay in Dasna Jail for sometime now.After spending her first two days in jail reading scriptures and doing yoga, she seems to found ways to put her free time to good use.Jail sources said Nupur has started teaching the women inmates and assists teachers employed to teach the children staying with their mothers in the jail.Sources said Nupur had asked Dasna Jail authorities if she could help in any way till the time she was in jail. Sources said Nupur has maintained her routine of praying and doing yoga, besides the volunteer work.\"We decided to allow her to teach women inmates and to assist the teachers teaching children of the inmates It will help her channelize her energies in a positive way and also stay calm,\" said a source. However, jail officials said this did not mean she would get any special treatment.\"There is no question of giving her VIP treatment. Like other inmates, she will have to follow the jail's rules and regulation,\" a senior jail official said on the condition of anonymity.\"She taught English and Hindi alphabets to the female inmates on Thursday and also assisted the teacher who teaches the children of the inmates. Teaching kept her busy all afternoon and then she took a stroll in the corridors,\" said the source.Though Nupur Talwar has been visibly upset after her bail plea was rejected by a sessions court, sources said she continues to get up early and read Hanuman Chalisa and the Gita.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12989352", "title": "Education department fails to rein in \u2018erring\u2019 schools in Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The implementation of RTE Act in the city has been reduced to a tug-of-war between the UT education department and private schools. The UT has failed to take any action may it be on the skewed student-teacher ratio in government schools or the 25% seats for the economically weaker sections (EWS) of society in unaided private schools lying vacant or converted to general category by some.According to sources, out of 260 seats that were left vacant in unaided private schools after March 27, only 10% seats have been filled with EWS children and the rest 90% have either been converted to general category or are laying vacant, awaiting a decision from the department.Despite the tussle, all that the department has been doing in the name of action, is sending a \"last warning letter\" to schools every time an issue crops up. After an exchange of letters between the department and private schools on April 17, the department has sent yet another warning letter to two private schools located in Sector 38 and Sector 26, for denying admission to EWS children.Talking about the same, district education officer (DEO) Ram Kumar said, \"Action will be taken against the schools if they convert seats meant for children from the EWS category to the general category without our permission. On Tuesday we have sent warning letters to two schools - Vivek High and St Kabir, as they denied admission to children as specified under the RTE Act even though they have EWS seats lying vacant. We have asked them to admit children within a week.\"On the other hand, the independent schools association (ISA) is adamant about the points they raised in the letter sent on April 19. When asked ISA president H S Mamik said, \"We are waiting for the department to finish its work and to recognize the schools as without recognition we are not eligible to implement RTE Act or even function. Our applications are lying with the department for the last six months. These are the prerequisites they need to work on. The department says why should the schools worry but without recognition we might be denied the reimbursement amount or by 2013 we might be shut. So why should we take the risk and not wait for recognition? The department should first recoginize us and then hold us responsible for not doing our duties.\"As far as the RTE issue is concerned it seems that the education department has failed to take any strict action which it has been claiming to have taken against schools in the city that failed to provide information about vacant seats or against those who converted EWS seats to general category ones. They even failed to come up with a policy where schools know what they should do with the seats lying vacant, where ever there are no more students to be admitted despite all efforts.The letters sent by the department on April 19 proved to be of no use. In the letters the department first asked the schools for a reason behind conversion of seats and about details like total number of EWS seats and number of EWS seats laying vacant. To this the independent schools association (ISA) replied by sending a list of queries they have been seeking an answer to since 2010. The department then responded by answering each query and stating that these grounds don't have a bearing on the admission of kids under the EWS category and only pushes the real issue under the carpet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12989573", "title": "Pejawar seer submits report on Udupi Power Corporation Limited to govt", "text": "MANGALORE: Pejawar seer Sri Vishwesha Theertha Swami has submitted a report prepared by the parallel expert committee, formed to study environmental impacts of the thermal power plant of Udupi Power Corporation Limited (UPCL), to chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda.Earlier, the parallel expert committee consisting YB Ramakrishna, executive chairman of Karnataka State Biofuel Development Board and TV Ramachandra of Energy and Wetlands Research Group had submitted the report on the pollution caused by the plant to the seer.The panel observed in the report that the open type box transportation method used by the unit is causing spillage of coal and coal dust in the vicinity. \"Railway tracks, fencing of the green belt of the plant, tin sheets, transmission lines, iron pillar and silver-plated door frame and door of the main entrance of Subramanya temple in Padabetu and Durgaparameshwari temple in Nandikur, all located within two km of the plant, were found corroded. Higher salinity was observed in water samples collected from wells within the two km radius of the plant. It was also observed that water in nearby wells and streams had saltiness, difference in colour and oily layers. People in the zone had skin rashes, lesions, nail deformation (onychodystrophy) and skin itching due to water contamination. A change was observed in the groundwater table also,\" the report stated.Respiratory ailments like asthma, alveolar infections, and bronchitis were reported from the area. Eye irritation and skin diseases were found in the south-eastern side closer to silos, where fly ash is stored, added the report.It further said that livestock in the region too had skin and respiratory ailments, miscarriages and other health problems including decline in milk yield. The report pointed out that there was a reduction in paddy yield in the core zone by 57 to 66 per cent. Premature falling and reduced yield of areca, coconut and banana, and reduction in the population of peafowl, foxes and wild boar are other major concerns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12988750", "title": "50 shops gutted in pre-dawn fire", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Over 50 shops were gutted in a fire that broke out in Kagalnagar market in the early hours of Thursday.Various shops, including a matchbox godown, were reduced to ashes, after an electric short circuit sparked the fire. Five fire extinguishers were pressed into service to douse the flames and it took over four hours for the firefighters to bring the fire under control. \"The magnitude of fire was intense because of the matchbox godown,\" said a victim.Readymade garment shops, utensil stores, grocery, medicine shops and cosmetic warehouses all have been gutted in the fire. Victims said property worth over Rs 50 lakh was damaged in the mishap. \"Kagalnagar market is in the heart of Sonari area and does good business round the year. It is estimated that property over Rs 50 lakh has been damaged,\" said a victim whose garment shop was reduced to ashes in the mishap.\"Prima facie, it appears electric short circuit is the cause behind the mishap though there is no loss of life,\" said Sonari police station officer-in-charge N Ram.The mishap is the second such one in a market area in the city within a week. Over dozen shops were completely damaged in Sanjay Market at Sakchi due to a short circuit last Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12988921", "title": "350 Nashik Municipal Corporation staff selected for collection of octroi", "text": "NASHIK: Three hundred and fifty employees have been shortlisted by the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) for octroi collection. Of these, 300 employees will be provided by an agency, the procedure for appointing which would be done shortly. NMC's standing committee chairman Uddhav Nimse has written a letter to officiating municipal commissioner P Velrasu, seeking permission from the state to recruit people.With the responsibility of collecting octroi now entrusted to the civic administration, employees from various departments of the NMC have been shortlisted for octroi collection. Sources in the NMC said that 350 employees, out of which 50 are engineers, have been shortlisted for octroi department and 300 would be outsourced through an agency.Nimse said, \"I asked him (Velrasu) how the NMC can collect revenue with just 166 employees. I suggested that he seek permission from the state to recruit people. Two hundred employees retire every year. The city is growing and the budget will keep on increasing along with the increase in developmental work. If staff is pulled out from other departments, the work of those departments will suffer and projects will be delayed. For outsourcing also the commissioner should have sought the permission of the standing committee and general body.\"Nimse said revenue is collected from house tax, water tax and town planning departments and that staff pulled out from these would affect the revenue generation of these departments. \"Projects and plans will take longer to get sanctioned by the town planning department. Octroi is not the only source of revenue for the NMC, we cannot paralyse other revenue sources. That is why I suggested to the municipal commissioner that he seek the government's permission to recruit people now. In a month, the government would give some decision.Permission can be sought to increase the contract of the contractor by a month. If an open tender is floated, the NMC can earn revenue from it as well,\" he said.Nimse added that if the MNS-BJP coalition had to cancel privatization of octroi, they should have facilitated recruitment. He added that under such circumstances, they cannot hold the administration responsible in case the target of Rs 603 crore is not achieved. He also agreed that the exchequer would be burdened if recruitment is carried out.Velrasu said the existing octroi collection contract that expires within a fortnight cannot be renewed or extended. \"We will outsourcing services and not persons. Outsourcing services is permissible.We will have to take permission of the election commission and float an e-tender. The procedure will be completed by one week. We will be outsourcing only for security and labour staff,\" he said. The permission of the commission is necessary as the election code of conduct is in force for the MLC polls. Out of the 300 employees to be outsourced, 100 labourers, 100 security guards and 100 data entry operators will be included. \"This weekend the NMC staff will be given theoretical training and by next week practical training at the octroi posts,\" informed Velrasu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12988241", "title": "Gym management to pay up for refusing refund", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum on Wednesday took to task a gym management that had refused to refund a three-year membership fee to a Kandivli-based man months after it failed to open its Malad branch.Kerkar Gym will have to pay Rajesh Tailor a refund of Rs 40,000 along with 9% interest from March 2011.The interest amounts to Rs 3,600 and Tailor will also get Rs 10,000 as costs of the complaint.Tailor had availed of a membership in the Malad branch of the gym for his brother and himself. The membership was to last three years and Tailor paid a total of Rs 40,000 in three installments by March 17, 2011.The gym was supposed to open on April 2.However, at the time of filing the complaint on August 18, Tailor alleged that the gym was yet to start functioning and no steps were taken by the company to see that it would open soon.Tailor made repeated attempts to contact the gym management; however, the latter did not respond. He further alleged that when he visited the company in June 2011, he was assured that the gym would open in the first week of July 2011. But when this did not happen, he sought a refund of his membership fee.In reply to this, the company told Tailor that the gym was not going to open and he would be refunded the money only after three years. On July 26, Tailor sent a notice to the management but did not receive a reply. Alleging unfair trade practice and deficiency in service, Tailor filed a complaint in the forum.The forum then sent a notice to the gym company. However, the notice was returned unclaimed.The forum then proceeded with the order ex-parte. It took into consideration the documents submitted by Tailor and said they proved that the company was guilty of deficiency in service.The forum also observed that the fact that the company kept giving Tailor \"false assurances\" showed that it had indulged in unfair trade practice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12988309", "title": "Alex Paul\u2019s family rejoices at news of freedom", "text": "CHENNAI: \"He has become thin,\" sighed A Varadhas as he watched on television his son being interviewed by journalists after he was released by Chhattisgarh Maoists on Thursday. But those words didn't hide his joy on seeing his son free from the clutches of his captives who kept the family on tenterhooks for 12 days.\"We prayed every day. We had stopped cooking and almost gave up eating all these days,\" said Varadhas, exchanging happy glances with his relatives and friends who had gathered at his house in Kolathur in north Chennai. \"And today is the happiest day of our lives.\" The celebrations started in the morning when neighbours, hearing of Alex Paul's imminent release, thronged the house. With a spring in his steps Varadhas went around distributing sweets to everyone who came in. Relatives and friends kept hugging each other, tears of joy running down their cheeks.About seven kilometers away, the first floor modest apartment of T R Venugopal in Nolambur was celebrating a second Diwali. Father of Menon's wife Asha, Venugopal said he had just come out of an oil bath when he heard of his son-in-law's release. \"Soon there were firecrackers bursting all around and sweets being distributed. It was another Diwali for us,\" he said, greeting every visitor who came to share his joy. \"I am the happiest man,\" he exclaimed. \"I am finally at peace within myself.\"Both the men appeared to share the courage Alex Paul Menon displayed while moving around in the Maoist-affected areas of Chhattisgarh. \"My son will continue as Sukma collector if he so wishes,\" Varadhas told some visitors. \"My daughter and son-in-law are brave people,\" said Venugopal. \"They went there knowing well that it was a dangerous place. If they want to continue there, it's their choice.\"In Menon's native village of Samathanapuram in Tirunelveli, jubilant villagers took to the streets. The villagers, who last saw Menon during the last Christmas holidays, said their joy knew no bounds as the news of his release was flashed across news channels. \"We expected him to be released in the morning and became anxious as the day advanced,\" said K Mohammed Hussain, Menon's mate at Rosemary Matriculation Higher Secondary School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12988491", "title": "Despite high disposal, 16.5L cases pending in Tamil Nadu courts", "text": "CHENNAI: The pendency of court cases in Tamil Nadu has touched 16.5 lakh in 2011, this despite the disposal of about 19 lakh cases by all the courts during the same period. Despite the high disposal of cases, Tamil Nadu continues to see higher numbers cases being filed every year.The home, prohibition &amp; excise department's policy note tabled in the state assembly on Thursday said 11.83 lakh civil and criminal cases are pending in the subordinate courts in the state. The number of pending cases in the Madras high court is 3.65 lakh and the Madurai bench has 1.09 lakh cases pending. The number of pending civil cases is far higher than the criminal cases.\"The present government has taken all measures to ensure speedy social and economic justice while maintaining independence of judiciary,\" the policy note said.But the measures seem just not enough to clear the huge backlog. The Times of India had earlier highlighted the factors that contributed to the huge pendency of cases, including frequent adjournments and vacancies in the subordinate judicial posts. Almost one-fifth of the subordinate judicial posts are vacant in the state adding to the problem.The Tamil Nadu Public Service Commission (TNPSC) recently conducted exams for potential candidates and their recruitments are awaited.The Madras high court disposed 1.24 lakh civil cases and 44,015 criminal cases in 2011. But 1.28 lakh fresh cases have been filed in the same period. The opening balance was 3,19,151 and the present pendency is 3.65 lakh.The policy note said the state government, with a view to enhance the efficiency of court management and to support judges to perform their administrative duties and devote more time to judicial function, 33 posts of court managers in the cadre of assistant registrars have been created.It said the government also issued orders for setting up 50 fast-track courts at the magisterial level to clear the backlog of criminal cases. The fast-track courts have been re-designated as additional district courts.A large number of complaints were received from victims of land-grabbing and the government sanctioned 25 special courts in the state, including two in Chennai, to handle these cases, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12989637", "title": "Organizations want fresh admission schedule", "text": "MANGALORE: Members of the Udupi and Dakshina Kannada District Federation of Education Resource Centres, Ahinda (organization of minority, backward and dalits) and representatives of various like-minded organizations urged the state government to allow poor students to take admission to primary schools till June.At a meeting held here on Thursday, members demanded that the government should nullify the admission process carried out by private unaided and aided schools as they have violated the government rules regarding admission.\"The government should direct schools to conduct fresh admission process,\" Ahinda president P Lolaksha demanded.He pointed out that many schools have already completed the procedure in violation of rules stated in the circular issued by the department of public instruction on December 8, 2011.\"The circular mandates that schools to publish the final list of students admitted to primary classes after inviting objections on May 16,\" he said.\"However, many schools have already filled their quota and closed their admission process. Hence, the government should cancel those admissions and direct school managements to start fresh admission process,\" he added. Campaign Against Child Labour Karnataka (CACL) co-ordinator Renni D'Souza said that a letter in this regard will be sent to the state chief secretary and the secretary to the education department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12991727", "title": "I am not No.1, says Aamir Khan", "text": "The arrival of his bonny baby boy a few months ago was an event in itself. And now, in addition to Azad Rao Khan, who is quite a handful and more, Aamir Khan has Talaash, Dhoom 3 and a lot more up his sleeve. It's a full house indeed. Over multiple rounds of piping hot tea and scrumptious snacks, Aamir Khan bares it all to Mirror.We hear there have been differences between Reema Kagti and you. Portions of Talaash need a reshoot. That's not true. Reema has done a fabulous job and I am very happy with the way Talaash has shaped up. It is my home production and I want to be there for it. Since the past few months, I have been too busy with my brainchild, my TV show.Have you delayed Dhoom 3? I have postponed it only by a month. I was supposed to start it in June. Now I will shoot for it from July. I play a circus artiste in the film and so I need to get into shape in the remaining time, which I hope to achieve soon under a trainer who has come down from the US.Your decision to work with Victor Acharya, whose first film Tashan bombed, has surprised many people. What are your thoughts? I worked with Ashutosh Gowariker in Lagaan but he had also directed Pehla Nasha and Baazi. Rakeysh Mehra hadn't done well before Rang De Basanti happened. Success and failure is not in our hands. Victor may have gone wrong in Tashan but he is very talented. He has a very fine creative sensibility.Rajkumar Hirani would have cast Ranbir Kapoor in Peekay had you refused it. But you went on to shatter Ranbir's dreams... (Laughs) Why would I not work with Hirani? We start Peekay in December.We hear you took lessons in swimming for the underwater scenes in Talaash? I had to do it. I didn't know swimming at all. I learnt it at a five-star hotel pool. In fact, it took me a long time to get it right. Two full months to be precise.The way you think before uttering every word, you must be also thinking before every move in the pool. (Laughs) No. In fact, I react instinctively. I was asked to host a game show. What could be safer than that? If I was treading with caution, wouldn't I have taken it up?But you come across as someone who thinks before his every move. It is said that aapka dimaag bahut chalta hai... (Smiles) I might appear like that. Go by my actions, not by my words (winks). Aur dimaag chalna koi buri baat toh nahin hai na?Only news you want to share finds it way to the media. For instance, news about the IVF surrogacy came only when you were ready. Comments please? One day, I shall tell you how I manage to keep things under wraps. But that isn't going to be today.But you surprised us by publicly admitting that Kiran and you opted for IVF surrogacy. Had I done something wrong that I should have hidden it? We are very proud of the whole thing. She had a number of miscarriages. We realised that her uterus lining is very thin for her to carry the baby for nine months. Which is why we opted for this method. Biologically, the baby is ours.That you are fond of Tiger Shroff is the talk of town. Tiger is a fine guy with a fabulous physique. If I can find material where I can offer him work, I would be happy. Jackie is so warm. He and Ayesha are family to me. But honestly, Tiger doesn't need me to become an actor.Do you think ten years down the line, the likes of Imran Khan , Ranbir Kapoor and Shahid Kapoor will have the kind of fan following you, Shah Rukh and Salman do even at this juncture in your careers? They are extremely talented and get lots of appreciation.I am talking about the euphoria that you three Khans generate. Mera kya euphoria tha early days mein? Abhi bhi nahin hai. Main bas ghodagiri kar raha hoon.Are you refusing to admit that you are No.1? I am not No.1. Salman is. Look at his fan following and you will know what I mean. We hear Kiran and you are looking for a new place in Bandra. When are you shifting? For now, I have dropped the idea to move into a new house. I want to continue staying where I am.Of late, Junaid has been in the news. Does he plan to become a hero? Not that I know of. Whatever he wants to do in life, Reena and I will support him all the way.What's Kiran working on? She was working on a subject but she is not emotionally ready to continue with it, at least for sometime. Right now, she is enjoying motherhood with Azad. Waise this question should be addressed to her and not me. Main kuch bolunga toh joote padenge.Why is it that every married man speaks exactly like this about the wife? (Laughs) Why should I be scared of her? I love her. Why should she be scared of me? She loves me. While I directed Taare Zameen Par, I think her film Dhobi Ghat makes me even more proud.TZP reminds me of Amol Gupte. Will you forgive him? And Chetan Bhagat too? Who am I to forgive them?If you bump into them someday? (Pauses) I wish them well in life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12989667", "title": "Shakespeare's 'Comedy of Errors' to come alive on big screen in Tulu", "text": "MANGALORE: Movie buffs of Tulunadu will get a taste of one of the best farcical comedies of the golden age of English literature in their vernacular with the release of 'Amet Asal Eemet Kusal, an adaptation of William Shakespeare's The Comedy of Errors, On Friday.Set in the backdrop of Tulunadu, the movie has been made to suit the local audience. Director Ranjan Raghu Shetty, told TOI, \"The film gives prominence to comedy. The entire theme of the Shakespeare's play has been localized. The characterization and the treatment of the story were carefully done to make it more appealing for the audience of Tulunadu.\"The film was shot at different locations in Falnir, Dakke, Kaikamba, Kadri Park, Padavu Choutara Mane (a Tuluva ancestral house) in Bikarnakatte and a few places in Mumbai.In a first in the history of Tulu cinema two lead actors have don dual roles in Amet Asal Eemet Kusal. The Comedy of Errors tells the story of two sets of identical twins who were accidentally separated at birth. Noted Tulu actors Naveen D Padeel and Jyothish Shetty will essay the roles of identical twins.Ranjan, who had bagged the gold medal in Nokia Mobile Film Making Competition, said that he made the film as he was attracted towards Tulu language and culture.The star cast includes Bhojraj Vamanjoor, Saikrishna, Sadashiva Ameen, Naveen Shetty, Gopal Salian, Udaykumar Uppinangadi, Bhaskar Adyappadi, Umesh Ameen, Sudheer Kottari, Ranjan Bolar, Akshatha Marla, Sukanya Rai, Saritha Shetty and Shilpa Kotian.Vijayakumar Kodialbail and M Saikrishna have written the dialogues. While Akash Prajapathi from Mumbai did the music, Tulu poet and actor Shashiraj Rao Kavoor wrote lyrics. The movie will be released across the state on Friday. Raghu Shetty had done a course in direction at Subhash Ghai's Whistiling Woods.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12989027", "title": "Over 7,300 remain in fray for panchayat polls", "text": "PANAJI: A total of 7,308 nominations of candidates for the forthcoming May 16 panchayat polls in the state were found to be valid, declared State Election Commissioner M Modassir on Thursday.\"A lot of people tend to fill (nominations) twice,\" he added. The number may go up after the scrutiny of nomination for the Calangute panchayat polls (which have been scheduled on May 21) is done.Of the 7,308 nominations, Modassir announced that 14 candidates had been elected unopposed so far. Of these, three are from Quepem taluka, four each from Bardez and Salcete talukas, two from Pernem taluka and one from Sattari taluka. 1557 candidates have also withdrawn their nominations.A total electorate of 7,09,476 will be eligible to elect the new panchayat members in 184 panchayats.Modassir said the State Election Commision will propose to the government to amend the rules so that candidates will have to disclose their income, assets, liabilities, criminal record and poll expenditure from the next panchayat election onwards.Electronic Voting Machines (EVMs) will not be used for the polls, said Modassir. He said the procurement of EVMs would have cost the state 3.5 cr and all would not have been available in time.\"I really don't see any need for EVM,\" Modassir said while adding that since the number of voters in a ward was small, candidates were usually familiar to the voters. Modassir clarified that there was no order for closing of eating joints by 11 pm.\"The language of the orders of both collectors gave the impression (that the closing time was 11 pm) but that was not the intention,\" Modassir said. Following representations from tourism stakeholders, it has been clarified that only serving of liquor after 11.30 pm has been prohibited. He also informed that there will be three notified dry days around the date of the polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12987434", "title": "Stay on proceedings against Sanjay Dutt", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad high court on Thursday stayed the proceedings of a criminal case pending against cinestar Sanjay Dutt at Mau district court. It was alleged in the case that Dutt had given an inflammatory speech during 2009 Lok Sabha election at Mau. Passing the order, Justice BK Narayan issued notice to the state government and other respondents. Under the above mentioned case, the subordinate court at Mau had issued summons to Dutt under Section 171 F of IPC and section 125 of the Representation of People's Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12988758", "title": "Cloud over BJP losing control", "text": "RANCHI: An over-confident BJP, despite running an alliance government with support of 45 MLAs in the 81- member House, failed to garner votes of mere 23 legislators to get their candidate S S Ahluwalia elected to the Upper House of Parliament.Things went out of the BJP's control not because of over confidence only but also desertion by one of its key allies. Soon after the results were declared, all senior BJP leaders proceeded to their respective destinations without wasting a single moment in analyzing the reasons for this debacle.BJP general secretary Anant Kumar and Ahluwalia flew to Delhi while the party in-charge for Jharkhand, Harendra Pratap went to Patna . Dharmendra Pradahan went back to Orissa and chief minister Arjun Munda headed for Jamshedpur.While the opposition raised a demand for resignation of the chief minister as the ruling alliance failed to garner support of its own partners, the BJP ruled out any risk on the government.Ahluwalia blamed it on his moral values for the debacle. \"We were not ready to shower benefits on independent candidates in return for votes who were apparently targeted by the Congress and this translated into votes for their candidate,\" he said, adding that the government showed him a list of 45 legislators prior to the elections. Ahluwalia also ruled out any risk on the coalition government in the state.The debacle in the Rajya Sabha election is likely to come up as a major deterrent for the party in the forthcoming Hatia assembly bypoll. Given new equations of state politics where the JMM has conceded to support Ajsu candidate in the Hatia bypoll, the BJP is likely to face another tough situation there as well.The JVM-P's decision to abstain from the election indirectly helped both the Congress and JMM candidates in winning the Rajya Sabha elections by bringing down the winning benchmark from 27 to 23. It was because of JVM abstaining from elections the effective strength of 80-member House (One remaining vacant) came down to 68 (CPIML MLA also abstained).Things were not moving in the right direction for the BJP since announcement of the Rajya Sabha elections, including the one that was held on March 30 and was later countermanded by the Election Commission . Initially, the BJP fielded Anshuman Mishra as independent candidate and announced to support him but after objections were raised against his candidature from within the party, his name was withdrawn. Since then, the BJP had been blowing hot and cold. It announced to abstain and then came to cast vote at the eleventh hour.Even during the May 3 notification of the election, the BJP initially announced to keep away from the poll on grounds of not having adequate numbers but later on direction of its central leadership it proposed the name of outgoing Rajya sabha MP S S Ahluwalia who was not accepted by the BJP legislators readily on grounds of being an outsider.Complete energy of BJP was directed towards convincing its MLAs to vote in support of Ahluwalia and they remained almost confident of getting support of alliance partners-AJSU and JMM. Things took a curious turn once AJSU raised the question of local candidate and preferred JMM candidate Sanjeev Kumar over an outsider \"Ahluwalia'.State president Dineshanand Goswami accepted defeat saying that it was unfortunate. BJP sources said the central leadership had sought a report from the chief minister and state president on reasons of this debacle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12990058", "title": "Career conscious youth give marriage a go by", "text": "BHOPAL: Rising inflation, pressure of stiff competition and an urge to chalk out a better career are forcing more and more youngsters from the city to stay alone and give the go by to early marriage. Stressed out youngsters believe staying single or having a live-in is the best way of avoiding responsibility.This startling fact has come to light in a study carried out by the education department of a private institution from the city.Prof Raman Malviya of IES College who coordinated the study told TOI, \"The team was also shocked after compiling the report. We spoke to 250 youths from local schools and colleges in the age group of 18-24. It was shocking to know that marriage is not on priority for the the career-oriented youths.\"He said that the youth opted for live-in over marriage. \"Around 44% youth accepted that concern for future and cut-throat competitions has forced them to live life without any responsibility,\" Dr Malviya saidThe report also revealed that 33% youths have shown disinterest in taking the responsibility of their parents in the future. \"Economic concern is one of the biggest reasons. Their self-centred approach and less time for personal life have also made them think about leading life without any responsibility,\" Dr Malviya said.\"Several youth want to be involved in relationships but without any responsibility. For them marriage is a burden while live-in a best way as it does not bring along with it any bondage or responsibility,\" he said.On being asked, students admitted that the career concern has forced them to live alone. \"Competition has become too tough. I can think of marriage and other responsibilities only after securing my career first. I don't know where would I land up. I have to think for myself before thinking about marriage and sharing the responsibility of my parents,\" a student said on the condition of anonymity.The report also revealed that 28% youth said that lack of proper atmosphere at home also forced them involving in any responsibility in the future.\"Violence at home have also forced several youth thinking for living life alone in the future. Most of them missed proper family support,\" the College principal, Dr KR Sharma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12989000", "title": "Parked trucks told to get moving", "text": "MARGAO: Taking cognizance of a TOI report (April 21) highlighting the safety hazard posed to motorists, bikers and other road users on account of the parking of mining trucks along the Quepem-Curchorem road throughout the night, Curchorem police have since stopped night parking of trucks.\"For the last 12 days, I have not seen a single mining truck on the Quepem-Curchorem road parked during the night. This is indeed a commendable done job by the Curchorem police. We only hope that the cops carry on with this exercise in the interest of the public,\" Sanjay Dessai of the Curchorem civic and consumer forum (CCCF) told TOI.TOI had pointed out in its report how mining trucks were being haphazardly parked along the road during the night after being denied entry into the town beyond 6 pm by the traffic police. Hundreds of trucks, minus the drivers behind wheels, would invariably get lined up along the nearly 3 km stretch of road from Bansai to Tilamol, seriously inconveniencing general traffic and other road users.Cracking the whip against errant drivers, the Curchorem police have started booking offences for overspeeding and overloading. The trucks are also being charged for driving their vehicles beyond the stipulated time thereby violating the high court order and the order issued by the director of mines and geology. The High court guidelines stipulate that mining trucks are prohibited from carrying out ore transportation after 6 pm.\"We have taken measures to ensure that no truck remains on the road after 6pm by putting in place proper traffic arrangements. Restrictions on overtaking and overspeeding have led to smooth flow of mining traffic. Offences are registered against all mining trucks found on the road after 6pm,\" Curchorem PI Sidhant Shirodkar said.Dy SP (traffic) Gurudas Mhapne, said that the restrictions have also been put at the loading points at the mines. \"We have placed a constable at all the mines to ensure that all loading stops by 12.30 pm. The cops have been provided with mobile phones so as to ensure effective communication while regulating the traffic. Besides, we have earmarked certain areas just off the main roads where trucks, if left on the road after 6 pm, should be parked for the night. This ensures that roads remain free of mining trucks during night hours,\" Mhapne said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12988049", "title": "Make a difference to the poor or will lose power, Congress leader warns Gehlot", "text": "JAIPUR: Senior Congress leader and national president of party-affiliated trade union, INTUC, G Sanjeeva Reddy on Thursday urged chief minister Ashok Gehlot to work for the betterment of the poor, suggesting that the state government's welfare polices were yet to make a difference to the society's lower sections.Cautioning Gehlot that his tenure as the chief minister was not permanent, the Congress leader said: \"Do something to bring a lasting improvement for the labourers or tomorrow a Maharaja or a Maharani will again come to power.\" Reddy was addressing the labourers and party men assembled at the 65th foundation of the Indian National Trade Union Congress (INTUC) here. Reddy is INTUC president and a special invitee to the Congress Working Committee (CWC).His remark later created a buzz among the Congress's disgruntled legislators who took it as the party's apparent fear about return of former chief minister Vasundhara Raje to power if the Gehlot government failed to deliver before the assembly elections in December next year.A day earlier, Union minister CP Joshi made similar remarks at a party function in Sirohi. Joshi, who is seen as Gehlot's competitor within the Congress, highlighted that people in the rural areas were still deprived of basic facilities like drinking water, electricity, schools and roads. At the function, which was attended by many of the party legislators who recently complained to the Congress high command against Gehlot's style of functioning, Joshi talked about the need for bringing a 'change' in implementation of the government's welfare schemes in the state.Chief minister Gehlot, who turned 62 on Thursday, meanwhile, advised the INTUC to focus on labourers from the unorganized sector and assist the government in taking the welfare scheme's benefits to the poor.Reddy also criticised the UPA government's economic polices for being contradictory to the interests of the labourers. \"Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is an honest man, but his economic polices are not good for the labourers. Today we are aiming at just attracting investments from outside and, so, are too eager to garland the factory owners and industrialists,\" Reddy said, adding that the big businessmen were getting away even after committing economic offences against the labourers. He emphasised that the Centre and the state governments needed to make the industrialists pay pensions to their employees.The Congressman took a dig at the Prime Minister Singh while thanking chief minister Gehlot for attending the INTUC event. \"The Prime Minister has time for attending the meetings of the Chamber of Commerce and the CII, but has no time for the labourers' meeting. You have the time for them so thank I thank you,\" Reddy said pointing to Gehlot amid applause from the audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "secunderabad", "code": "12989814", "title": "Secunderabad Cantonment Board to recruit doctors for Bolarum hospital soon", "text": "SECUNDERABAD: Notification for the recruitment of doctors and other medical staff for the new 30-bed general hospital at Bolarum as well as dispensaries will be issued in a couple of days, sources in the Secunderabad Cantonment Board (SCB) said.The hospital is to come up at an estimated cost of Rs 5.2 crore. Four bids were received for construction of the hospital from Y V Parmeswar Reddy, M/s DEC Infrastructures and Projects (India) Pvt Ltd, M/s Nimma Narayana Engineers and Ch Gowri Shankar of which DEC Infrastructures and Projects (India) Pvt Ltd was finalised. \"We have forwarded the details to Garrison Engineers (GE) for verification after which the final orders will be issued,\" a senior SCB official told TOI.To begin with, two doctors and a few paramedical staff will be recruited.The proposed hospital would be equipped with many facilities such as labour and consultation rooms, residential quarters for doctors and a mortuary, the official said.The SCB is at present providing medical services to Cantonment residents through dispensaries located at Trimulgherry, Balamrai, Picket, Rasoolpura, Bowenpally and Bolarum.\"Apart from medical staff requirement for the new hospital, we need three doctors and two staff nurses for the dispensaries,\" said SCB medical superintendent Dr Maju Rani. Work on the hospital is likely to begin by June and is expected to be completed within six months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12989432", "title": "Mall to sprout on seminary as church brokers land deal", "text": "KOCHI: In the first of its kind in Kerala's church history, an ancient seminary will lease out part of its prime property for commercial development.Under a transferable development rights partnership, Mumbai-based Leo Builders and Developers has been given rights to a 1.8-acre water-front plot on the banks of the river Periyar in Aluva, owned by Carmelgiri seminary of the Latin Catholic church, to build a resort and shopping mall. In exchange, the builders will construct a multi-storeyed building at an estimated cost of Rs 25 crore that will serve as the Latin church's secretariat.Church officials have come to an agreement with the builder which is run by a member of the congregation, and the complex will be completed within three years. While the secretariat will come up on the Carmelgiri campus, the residential-cum-commercial complex will be built near it. The church will have a stake in the commercial building.\"Since we cannot meet the expense, we decided to go for a joint venture. Instead of selling the land we agreed for a share in the building so that the revenue we get from the commercial complex can be used for our various activities,\" said Archbishop Soosa Pakiam. \"The builders will invest a certain amount, but it is more like a contribution to the church's development than any business interests.\"It was the wish of the Kerala Region Latin Catholic Council (KRLCC) to have a secretariat like the headquarters of Syro-Malabar and Syro-Malanakara churches, the other two denominations of the Catholic church in Kerala. While the Syro-Malabar church has the sprawling St Thomas Mount in Kakkanad as its centre, the Malankara faction has its Catholicate in Thiruvananthapuram. The new complex at Carmelgiri, with a history dating back to 1682, would coordinate the work of all its 11 dioceses and various committees as well as conducting Bible classes and courses. \"The complex will not come up on the campus, and there will be residential facilities also. We are working on the details,\" said Fr Francis Xavier Thannikkaparambil, KRLCC's general secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12988141", "title": "Domestic help, aide arrested for former judge's murder", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Special Operation Group (SOG) on Thursday claimed to have arrested two prime accused in connection with the loot-cum-murder of a former district judge on January 16 this year. The arrests were made near Chandra Shekhar Azad park.The police also recovered Rs 63,800, motorbike and a mobile set from the accused.The arrested persons were identified as Rajesh Kumar and Badelal alias Monu, residents of Neewa (Dhoomanganj).Police said the had attacked former district judge KC Saxena (90) with a sharp-edged weapon when he was sitting in the courtyard of his house. Saxena was found lying unconscious by his family members. He was later taken to AIIMS where he succumbed to his injuries. His family members also found that cash worth lakhs was missing. They had lodged a report with the Colonelganj police in this connection. During interrogation, Rajesh told the police that he used to work as a domestic help at Saxena's home and learnt about the cash kept in the house. .Rajesh claimed that he along with Badelal had planned to execute the crime when the family members would be away in Kanpur on January 15 and 16. The duo thought that Saxena, who would be alone at home, won't be able to offer resistance.Rajesh had stopped working at Saxena's home 10 days before the incident.The criminals a day before the incident had done recee of the house and got it confirmed that victim would be staying alone in the house. Rajesh and Badelal had entered the house and looted the Rs 1.5 lakh cash after injuring the victim.Senior cops have announced a Rs 4,000 cash reward for the SOG team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12989861", "title": "Gardening catches up in Hubli", "text": "HUBLI: Gardening seems to have caught the fancy of city-dwellers in Hubli. The trend of developing small gardens on the terrace of their buildings and its premises is catching up fast in these areas.Women and the elderly find gardening an interesting option not only to beat boredom, but also to stay connected with nature. For some, what has started as a hobby, has now become a style statement. They organize candle light dinners and parties in their gardens where various flowers, lawn, sprinklers, and small ponds are aesthetically developed.A lot of residents in Deshpande Nagar, Vijayanagar, Vishweshwar Nagar and Keshwapur areas do gardening in their compounds. Many find it as the best way to add more beauty to their houses. While the elderly get some physical exercise.Pushpalata Malgund of Vidya Nagar told TOI that there is only one-time investment in making a garden.\"Maintaining the garden properly by taking care of the plants give me peace of mind and keep me engaged when my husband and children are away during the day time,\" she added. Taking a stroll through his garden, breathing the fresh air is a stress buster for Shivayogi Koppal. The well-maintained garden is his favourite venue for organizing moon light dinners every month.According to environmentalist Mukund Maigur, gardening is a way to show the love of nature.Every individual should give something back to nature and educate their children about the importance of planting saplings.HDMC special officer H S Naregal said the corporation will give saplings in subsidized prices to people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12988626", "title": "Foreign tours: Congress raps Raj Thackeray", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after Raj Thackeray lashed out at legislators who go on foreign study tours when the state reels from a drought, the Congress hit back at the MNS chief for frequently undertaking foreign tours himself.Maharashtra Congress president Manikrao Thakre said Thackeray comes back with Western philosophy and culture from his foreign jaunts. \"He should be the last person to talk about going on foreign tours as everybody knows what he comes back with from his foreign travels,\" Thakre said, hinting at Raj's role in bringing to Mumbai elebrities such as Michael Jackson .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12990049", "title": "Property dealer's house burgled in Koh-e-Fiza", "text": "BHOPAL: Unidentified burglars made off with cash and valuables worth around Rs 10 lakh from house of a property dealer in Koh-e-Fiza area of the city on May 1. A complaint in this regard was registered late on Wednesday, the police said.The complainant, Parvez Ali, a resident of Indira Vihar Colony, had gone out of town with his family on May 1. The police said the incident came to light when the security guard informed him of the incident. Subsequently, Ali rushed home from Ashta and registered a case with police after taking stock of the situation.The police said the accused entered from the backside of the house and made off with around Rs 8.35 lakh cash and gold jewellery amounting to around Rs 10 lakh. The Koh-e-Fiza police said a case of burglary has been registered and further investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12988893", "title": "Madras high court directs panel to review fee structure fixed for schools", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Madras high court judgment asking the school fee determination committee, now headed by Justice S R Singharavelu, to review the fee structure prescribed fixed for schools is likely to open the floodgates, as the validity of the structure fixed by the committee comes to an end with the coming academic year. The number of schools demanding higher fee structure too will be much higher than the 2009 figure of 10,293 schools.For this year, the judgment means a big relief for 300-odd schools which had challenged the fee structure. \"If the court's direction includes guidelines on how the fee structure should be reviewed, it will not only help the schools but also give stakeholders a clear idea of how the committee arrived at the fee structure,\" said P Vishnucharan, correspondent of Shree Niketan Matriculation School, one of the schools that appealed against the fee structure drawn up by Justice (retd) K Raviraja Pandian in court.After parents of a private unaided school in Coimbatore took to the streets in 2009 protesting the high fee charged by the school, the state government drew up the Tamil Nadu Schools (Regulation of Collection of Fee) Act 2009. A fee determination committee formed under the Act with Justice (retd) K Govindarajan as chairman drew up the first fee structure in May 2010 and said that it was applicable for three years.Two academic years hence, there is still friction among school managements and parents, with the two parties even coming to blows sometimes and some having to shut schools for a few days. Schools other than those that had appealed against the fee structure hope that when they get a chance to submit their fee structure for revision at the end of three years, the guidelines prescribed by the court will be used rather than the present calculation.Many schools that did not accept the revised fee structure proposed by Justice Raviraja Pandian fee committee chose to appeal against it with the fee committee instead of going to court. There are others who did not appeal against the first fee structure prescribed by the Justice K Govindarajan fee committee. \"Most of us have come to an understanding with parents about what the fee structure would be. But if this court order gives specific guidelines, it will improve our relations with parents,\" said the principal of a city school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12988373", "title": "Naveen Patnaik's Delhi trip triggers president polls speculation", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Naveen Patnaik reached New Delhi on Thursday, triggering speculation about possible meetings with certain other regional satraps such as Mamata Banerjee and J Jayalalithaa to deliberate on their strategy for the next Presidential election in July.With the Congress attempting to ensure safe passage for a candidate of its choice, the BJD supremo may also talk to some senior BJP leaders to work out possibilities of fielding a common nominee, party sources said.Though the CM is yet to reveal his cards on the President polls, his meetings in recent months with vice-president Hamid Ansari , National Conference leader Farooq Abdullah and former West Bengal governor Gopal Krishna Gandhi in Bhubaneswar have indicated Naveen's keenness to play a part in deciding the successor to Pratibha Patil , whose term in Rashtrapati Bhavan ends on July 25.Since the beginning of this year, Naveen has made amply evident his desire to play a bigger role in national politics, first by spearheading an anti-Centre campaign on the proposed National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) issue and then by expressing the need for an alternative to UPA and NDA.BJD insiders feel with 14 Lok Sabha members, six Rajya Sabha members and 104 legislators, the party can play a significant role in the electoral colleges that elect the President. In 2007, BJD had voted for NDA-backed Independent candidate B S Shekhawat. But with the regional party no longer with BJP party leaders are mulling over BJD projecting someone for the vice president post.In such a scenario, Naveen's meetings with his Tamil Nadu and Gujarat counterparts Jayalalithaa (AIADMK) and Narendra Modi (BJP) during his last trip to Delhi in mid-April had raised curiosity. \"West Bengal CM and Trinamool Congress president Mamata Banerjee had skipped the April 16 meet on internal security convened by the Centre. But she is expected to attend the NCTC meet on May 5. Naveen too would be there. Some kind of talks beyond NCTC might take place,\" a BJD leader said.Officially, Naveen would finalise Odisha government's plan outlay for 2012-13 at a meeting with deputy chairman of Planning Commission M S Ahluwalia on May 4 and attend the CMs' meet on NCTC convened by the Union home ministry the next day. He might also meet some Union ministers during his five-day trip. However, what has fuelled speculation are his likely political meetings on May 6 and 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12987157", "title": "Kashmir's political climate makes it flavour of the season among city tourists", "text": "PUNE: More city-based tourists are heading north and the object of their interest is Kashmir, this year. Its tulip gardens, snow, valleys and houseboats are huge draws that attract footfalls.Travel agents have unanimously tagged Kashmir as the most preferred domestic destination this vacation with Srinagar, Gulmarg and Pahalgam on the tourist circuit. The favourable political climate in the strife-torn part of the country has also helped as have convenient flight connections. Tour operators said many were visiting Kashmir to simply discover its famed beauty.Other places like Shimla, Kulu-Manali and cooler regions in North India, followed by the hilly locales of the eastern Himalayas are the second favorite among domestic tourists this summer.Nikhil Thakurdas, CEO of a city-based tours and travel company, said Kashmir has been the number-one destination requested for and booked this year due to improved security situation when compared to the last two years. \"There are convenient flight connections from Pune to Srinagar (via Delhi). Other places that are popular are Himachal Pradesh, Uttaranchal and Coorg-Nagarhole,\" he added.What has dropped off the tourist map are Sikkim and Darjeeling that were popular last year due to very high airfares from Pune to Bagdogra in Darjeeling (via Delhi). \"The average return fare is Rs 25,000 per person. This is like to flying to South East Asia,\" Thakurdas saidKaran Anand, who is head of relationship management at another tours and travels company, also felt Kashmir is trailed by the Eastern Himalayas in the popularity charts. \"Kashmir, with its cool climate, is a clear favourite, followed by Darjeeling and Kulu Manali, Ooty and other hill stations. Rajasthan and Kerala continue to be favourites as well,\" said Anand, adding domestic destinations are in demand this year.Zelam Chaubal, director of a travel and tour company in Shivajinagar, said her company has had at least 900 tourists in Kashmir this summer. \"Its tulip gardens, snow and house-boats are major attractions for tourists. The rising dollar and Euro have made international tours costlier. Hence, many of our clients preferred to travel within India. By and large, our domestic travellers have gone up by 10%,\" Chaubal said.Many are also doing the 'religious tours' this year. They are visiting Kailas Mansarovar and place associated with the life of Lord Krishna. \"Those between 40 to 60 years of age mostly take these tours. Adventure tourism is increasing in India, though infrastructure needs to be better developed,\" Chaubal said.Akhilesh Joshi, director at a city-based travel agency, too said Kashmir was in demand. \"We receive many enquiries for Kashmir and have sent as many as 1,000 tourists there, this time. Though the destination is costly, people are going. A group tour to Jammu and Kashmir costs between Rs 38,000 to 42,000 per person,\" he said, adding that 50% of his company's clients have opted for Kashmir.Shimla and Kulu-Manali in Himachal Pradesh and Gangtok and Sikkim in the East are other popular destinations, said Joshi. \"At least 20% of our clients are heading to the North East. In addition, economical tours such as 'safaris' in Ranthambore and Bandhavgarh, which are preferred by students, have increased by 10 % this year. Trekking in Manali (another attraction for students) is also popular,\" Joshi said.Sohail Zaveri, executive director of a travel agency in Koregaon Park, said Kashmir is popular and people want to see its tulip gardens instead of going to the Netherlands. The tourist rush has gone up by substantially in Kashmir when compared to last year, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12989829", "title": "CID to file fresh case against Krishna", "text": "HYDERABAD: Crime Investigation Department (CID) sleuths have decided to register a fresh case against YSR Congress chief Jaganmohan Reddy's close aide Mangali Krishna, who was recently convicted in a suitcase bomb case, for allegedly supplying firearms to Bhanu Kiran, the alleged killer of factionist Maddelacheruvu Suri.CID officials said that Bhanu Kiran had procured six firearms from three different persons, including Mangali Krishna and one Vishnuvardhan Reddy of Mahbubnagar district. All these country-made revolvers were manufactured in Bihar and were brought to the state by these illegal suppliers.\"In the coming few days, cases will be registered against Mangali Krishna and Vishnuvardhan Reddy under Arms Act. The arms supplied to Bhanu by Vishnuvardhan were recovered in Hyderabad based on Bhanu's confession,\" a senior CID official said.The investigating officials are now planning to take Bhanu into custody yet again by moving a petition in the Nampally court since his police custody will end on Saturday.Meanwhile, Cyberabad police questioned Bhanu to verify his links with local criminals.According to sources, Tollywood producer Nati Kumar approached the CID to inform them about Bhanu's involvement in a financial settlement for which he was a witness.Additional director general of police (CID) SV Ramana Murthy said that Bhanu Kiran's victims could directly talk to him and share information and assured them that their identities would not be disclosed.Police said Bhanu threatened several contractors not to bid government projects and helped his close associates grab the contracts.Bhanu Kiran was taken to Alekhya apartments at Kondapur where Suri used to reside to ascertain the truth of the details disclosed by him during interrogation.Later, he was taken to Osmania General Hospital for a check up.Meanwhile, police took Vishnuvardhan Reddy to a location in Himayatnagar where he used to carry out land settlements and recovered incriminating documents. He was reportedly handed over to Narayanguda police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12989989", "title": "Woman at wheel makes a difference", "text": "BANGALORE: Another male bastion has fallen and commuters of the city's flagship public transport entity, the Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation (BMTC), and motorists are not complaining. With a woman at the wheels of its Pushpak bus running between Majestic and Shivajinagar, the unruly and wayward driving of BMTC drivers on city roads has become that much less.Meet Prema R Nadabhutti, 35, the only woman in the 12,000-strong community of BMTC drivers. She is, in fact, among a rarer breed among these too, as she is a driver-cumconductor, steering a Route No. 129 bus even as she issues tickets to the passengers.Breaking new ground has become a habit with Prema. An arts graduate, she worked as a nurse in a private hospital at Gokak of Belgaum district after her marriage.Prema's husband passed away due to some unforeseen health complications six years ago, leaving her with the task of taking care of their three-year-old son Rakesh. \"The hospital paid me a measly Rs 2,000 every month and there was no security either. I began looking for a new job. I saw a BMTC advertisement inviting applications for drivers' posts. I decided to try my luck and applied. When I came for the interview for the first time, then HR manager, GG Hegde, asked me if I could drive a bus. I said, 'Yes, I am confident of doing anything,\" Prema told TOI.Prema was first put through a 50-day rigorous training in 2008. Convinced that she could make a calm and composed driver, BMTC put Prema through two years of further training to ensure that she got her basics as driver-cumconductor right. Commissioned into service as driver-cum-conductor on October 30, 2010, Prema has now had a blemishless one-and-a-halfyear service.Neither traffic chaos nor unruly commuters get on her nerves. Prema is a different person when she gets behind the wheel every day. She has not been accused of involvement in accidents. Neither has there been any complaint against her for rude behaviour with commuters.Prema now stays in Shantinagar, near the KH Road BMTC depot where she reports for work and drives predominantly in the morning shift. She eats in Darshinis at the Kempe Gowda or Shivajinagar bus terminuses in between her 30-minute trips. \"I cook only dinner at home,\" she said smiling.She works even on her weekly offs to accumulate compensatory offs to go home and meet her son and ailing mother. Her son Rakesh, now 9, is studying in the Gokak government school. He stays with his grandmother.\"I am thankful to my employers for having trusted my abilities and giving me this job. I am glad that I have got another chance to serve people. I feel satisfied serving people and I am earning a decent living too,\" she said. She is eagerly waiting for her Rs 4,000 monthly salary to go up by Rs 1,000 after her probation ends in a couple of months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12992985", "title": "I am not a romantic person, says Gul Panag", "text": "A love story that makes you want to cry but has you laughing - that's what award-winning director Rajat Kapoor's Fatso! is about. Actors Gul Panag and Purab Kohli have several intimate scenes, but that's not all there is to the film.Produced by Pritish Nandy Communications and Daily Multimedia, Fatso! is about four friends played by Purab, Gul, Neel Bhoopalam and Ranvir Shorey (who plays the title role).CHARMED BY THE STORYRevealing that she almost didn't sign the film, Gul says, \"I am not a romantic person. I don't watch or like to act in love stories, but then I heard the story and was charmed by its twists and turns. It's also extremely flattering to be the centre of attraction, where three men find themselves in love with the same girl!\"She justifies the lovey-dovey moments saying, \"It's only in the first few minutes of the film and is very critical as it takes the story forward. Purab and I are in the throes of love and about to get married. The script needed these scenes and it's what peps the film up. Besides, I'm not uncomfortable with kissing or doing intimate scenes. It's part of my job and I enjoy every bit of it.\"DELIGHTFUL FILMSays Rajat, \"This might be the most commercial film I've done yet. It is another foray into the idea of identity. This script was with me for three years. The making of the film was great fun and has a mix of old and new collaborators.\" Producers Pritish Nandy Communications decided to adopt a different marketing strategy by taking the film to a bunch of film festivals abroad. It won top awards at three and also found Rajat Kapoor and Bollywood a fresh set of fans. Daily Multimedia decided to pick up a stake in the film along with PNC. Says Pritish Nandy, \"Kamal is an old friend and I was delighted that his Daily Multimedia joined hands with us to bring Fatso! to the theatres. Let's see how far this movie can go.\"Fatso! releases today .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12989808", "title": "A day later, Chinese activist seeks asylum in America", "text": "BEIJING: Chinese dissident Chen Guangcheng on Thursday said he would like to accompany visiting secretary of state Hillary Clinton to the US as he fears harassment in China days after he fled house arrest and sought refuge at the US mission in Beijing.US had claimed to have reached an understanding with China to allow Chen to go to a \"safe\" place within China after the dissident left the mission on Wednesday. But the activist sought asylum for him and his family a day later.\"It is clear now that they as a family have had a change of heart. We need to consult with them further and consider their options,\" US state department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said in Beijing.US-China relations are likely to sour if Chen is granted asylum as Beijing is unlikely to let him leave the country. Sources said Chen's asylum request could derail the efforts of the two countries to settle differences over the issue amicably. The two countries were trying to ensure that the issue does not overshadow the visit and concentrated on main issues in the US-China strategic dialogue.Reports said US officials were negotiating Chen's fate. But Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Liu Weimin said Chen is \"a free man\" and denied speculation about a US-China deal over his fate. The Obama administration is under pressure from Republicans to help Chen as they accuse it of being soft on China on human rights issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12987815", "title": "Maharashtra govt sends unsigned agreement document to teachers'union", "text": "MUMBAI: The impasse between the state's teachers and the government continues as the Maharashtra Federation of University and College Teachers Union (MFUCTU) was given a memorandum not signed by any government official. The teachers said they will therefore continue to not assess answer sheets.On Wednesday, the teachers' union met the higher and technical education minister Rajesh Tope for close to three hours with a list of demands. Following that, the chief minister invited members of MFUCTU and assured them that their demands would be looked into. But when the agreement was sent to MFUCTU on Thursday, it was unsigned.\"In that agreement, they have decided to accept some of our demands. But the agreement is not signed by anyone. How can we accept that as a valid document?\" asked Tapati Mukhopadhyay, MFUCTU general secretary. \"The stalemate continues and we will be boycotting the assessment of answer sheets across universities in Maharashtra.\"One of their major demands includes regularizing NET/SET teachers and payment of arrears according to the Sixth Pay Commission. Teachers in 10 varsities across Maharashtra have been asked to stay away from this year's Centralized Assessment Process (CAP) till their demands are met.\"It is sad that the state is being casual about the points we have raised. After drawing up the minutes of yesterday's meeting and culling out an agreement from the discussion, the government officials should have discussed the matter with us today and settled the matter. Instead, we were given an unsigned document,\" added Mukhopadhyay.Teachers' bodies, who have been protesting for years, are in no mood for silent protests. At each CAP centre of the university, a Bombay University and College Teachers Union member is creating awareness about \"injustice\" meted out to teachers whose appointments haven't been regularized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12980202", "title": "A date with royalty", "text": "The Diamond Jubilee of Queen Elizabeth II was marked by the presence of her son, Andrew, the Duke of York, at a reception held at the British high commissioner James Bevan's residence in Delhi. Marking the 60th anniversary of the accession of Queen Elizabeth II to the throne, 2012 will see celebrations across the globe.After an hour of delay and anticipation, the Duke took to the stage to announce the Queen's diamond jubilee. \"The Queen's jubilee is a major event for the United Kingdom and the Queen has been insistent that it not just includes people from the United Kingdom, but this jubilee be also seen as her service to the Commonwealth and dominion countries. She came to India in 1961 when I was one and I am delighted to be here,\" he said.Bevan said, \"The Duke is a great friend of India and not many know this but he visits the country very often.\" Pictures documenting the queen's previous visits to India were also displayed here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12988258", "title": "'Urban women are more vulnerable to breast cancer'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Cancer is curable if detected early and in terminal stages - it is the quality and not the quantity of life that really matters, said secretary of Allahabad chapter of Indian Menopause Society Dr Vandana Bansal. She was speaking at a CME on Breast diseases and menopause, organised jointly by IMS and AOGS.She said breast cancer is the most common cancer and hence its early detection is necessary to prevent it.Prof Anurag Srivastava from department of surgery, AllMS, described the breast diseases in detail. He stressed on the need of self-breast examination for women to detect cancer or any changes in breast.Dr Srivastava said while in US incidence of breast cancer is decreasing, in India it is increasing. The reason being lack of awareness among women.He said urban women are at five times higher risk for breast cancer than rural women because of their sedentary lifestyle, food habits and stress level. He said one hour exercise daily reduces the risk of breast cancer. Early detection of breast cancer also helps in conservation of breast in cancer patients.Prof Ajai Khanna from department of surgery BHU spoke on benign breast diseases. He said a lump in a breast is not always cancer and there are several other diseases of breast which have to be ruled out. If a woman has a breast lump, pain, discharge or skin irritation, she must consult a doctor immediately, he said, adding that minor and serious breast problems have similar symptoms. Although many women fear cancer, most breast problems are not cancer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12987736", "title": "BEST plans air-conditioned bus stops in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: The long wait at bus shelters is set to get comfortable as the ruling Shiv Sena in the BEST committee wants to set up at least 50 air-conditioned (AC) bus stops across the city. BEST committee chairperson Ashok Patil said, \"There is a need to improve facilities for passengers as fares have gone up considerably. One such facility would be the setting up of AC bus stops.\" If the plan is implemented, these bus stops will be the first of their kind in India.\"There are AC bus stops in places like Dubai . We can send our engineers there to study the logistics behind creating and maintaining such stops,\" We are exploring the possibility of these stops mainly on the Western and Eastern Express highways,\" Patil said. Most stretches on both the highways have inadequate tree cover near the bus stops and passengers regularly complain of the hot and humid weather.He said the bus stops can be set up mainly along the western and eastern express highways and some in the island city. Some passengers welcomed the move while others are skeptical about the feasibility of the project in Mumbai.Anushree Patil, a BEST bus commuter from Vikhroli, said, \"It will be great to have an AC bus stop. But the BEST will have to ensure that it is not encroached by urchins and slum-dwellers. The roofs of many bus stops have become godowns for storing the belongings of drug addicts and urchins. We hope to find the AC stops neat and clean.\" Sanjay Shintre said, \"The BEST should gradually introduce more AC buses and have AC bus stops at strategic points. We are willing to pay more money and also leave behind our cars and two wheelers if there is a cool/comfortable ride in a bus.\"A senior BEST official said the department will have to conduct a feasibility study before giving the go-ahead to the scheme. Sources said the proposal has the backing of the BEST chairman. Said Patil,\"We will invite bids in future and I am sure there will be contractors who will take up the task of setting and maintaining AC bus stops.\"A Congress corporator said it would not be 'practical' to set up AC stops in a crowded city like Mumbai. \"Besides, there will be wastage of electricity if there is no passenger at the AC bus stop during non-peak hours,\" he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12989229", "title": "Metro train stalls high up, 20-minute scare for commuters", "text": "KOLKATA: An alleged brake failure on a Metro train gave commuters a harrowing time on Thursday afternoon as they were left stranded on the elevated tracks for 20 minutes. There was no way to get off, nowhere to run and no announcements either to allay the rising panic inside the locked coaches.It would have been worse had the incident taken place around 6pm when strong winds and a Nor'wester lashed the city and surroundings. The saving grace was that it was an air-conditioned rake.It was only a few days ago that Metro officials announced that they had succeeded in ironing out the glitches in the new automatic signaling system. The switchover had given Metro commuters enough pain. Thursday's bizarre incident adds to a long list of woes since the elevated stretch was opened in 2009.\"I started feeling unwell after this experience. Metro travel in Kolkata is getting from bad to worse. They should take adequate measures to prevent such incidents,\" Sujata Sarkar fumed as she left Gitanjali station around 4.30pm, exactly half an hour behind schedule.The train overshot Gitanjali (Naktala) station and stopped some 50 metres beyond. Commuters wondered what was happening as officials tried desperately to reverse the rake to Gitanjali.According to sources, the motorman felt a drop in brake power as soon as the train left Masterda Surya Sen (Bansdroni) station a few minutes before 4pm. But he couldn't stop as the train had already rolled out of the station. At 4pm, the train reached Gitanjali and commuters prepared to get off. Much to their surprise, the train slowed down but didn't stop at the platform.The motorman later said that he applied brakes but the train wouldn't stop. He finally managed to stop the train 50 metres beyond the platform. Some commuters claimed that the train travelled for the last 50 metres with its doors open but officials denied this. \"We checked the video footage and saw that the doors were closed,\" said Protyush Ghosh, DGMG, Metro Railway.What followed was a struggle that lasted nearly 20 minutes as passengers were stuck several metres high in the air. \"Maybe the Metro should consider running a scheme for tourists. Buy a token, take along a picnic hamper and catch the view from high up when your train breaks down,\" fumed Tarun De, a regular.It is difficult to reverse a rake even at a station and this one was on the viaduct. After exchange of paper signals, the train was taken back to Gitanjali station where all the coaches were evacuated. By then, services had stopped in the elevated stretch between Mahanayak Uttam Kumar and Kavi Subhas.\"We decided to send the rake to the siding beyond Kavi Subhas because we weren't sure if it was a technical snag or human error. It broke down soon after leaving Gitanjali. We tried to restart it but to no avail,\" a source said.It was around 5.15pm when engineers finally managed to start the rake. Normal services resumed at 5.24pm. Metro general manager P B Murty has ordered an inquiry into the incident.\"We believe that such things are happening as the AC rakes didn't undergo proper trials before being inducted. As it is, motormen are facing a lot of trouble since the automatic signals came into place. The signals are so close together that it often leads to confusion,\" said Dilip Mukherjee, president, Metro Railwaymen's Union.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12989072", "title": "Prolonged power cuts throw life out of gear", "text": "KANPUR: The power rostering taking place in the city has thrown life out of gear.The daily rostering for around five hours on an average has badly affected the normal routine of the people. What adds to the woes of the people is the unscheduled rostering.Till a few days ago, rostering was done for two hours from 1pm to 3pm. Since the past three days, there is no fixed time for power cuts. It could be done at 12 noon till 3pm or sometimes from 12.30pm to 3.30pm. The same happens at night.Either the power supply is stopped from 10.30pm to 11.30pm or from 11.15pm to 12.15am. When a snag in the transformer or a cable wire takes place, it would deny denizens of power supply for a much longer time.The denizens are therefore, feeling the summer onslaught. With the mercury, hovering close to 40 degrees mark, there is a dire need to have fans running. People have also started using coolers and ACs. But as the demand and supply gap has widened, it has started causing problem. The power cuts have increased. In Kesco's official record, rostering is done roughly for three hours, two hours in the day and one hour in the night. But in reality the city is facing power cuts beyond five hours each day.Thursday turned out to be the worst day for the denizens as several areas remained without power first due to scheduled power cuts and then for the snags and the faults that take place.The day began with a power cut. The first round of rostering took place at 3.45am and the power was restored after one and a half hours. Then, power cut took place from 8.30am to 9.30am. This was not an end to rostering as again the power cut from 12.40 to 3pm. In several areas of Kanpur south, there was no power till 3.45pm while in other localities power was restored by 3pm.The worst hit were the Shankaracharya Nagar, Yashoda Nagar, Saket Nagar and Usmanpur, situated in the southern parts of the city, where people had faced power cuts for nearly 10 hours owing to local faults.The situation in the localities in the north of the city is also not good.The prevailing power crisis has also affected the business establishments and markets. The shopkeepers in markets like P Road, Naveen market, Kidwai Nagar, Govind Nagar, Gumti, Lal Bangla market and others point out that rostering in the evening had started benefiting the malls, where there are separate power arrangements. They are deprived of customers.The shopkeepers pointed out that rostering in the evening has started benefiting the malls, where there are separate power arrangements. But, they are deprived of customers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12990069", "title": "Kochi State Road Transport Corportaion cancels Thirukochi service", "text": "KOCHI: The KSRTC had a tough time on Thursday pulling out the buses which got stuck in the slush at Ernakulam bus depot.Passengers also faced difficulties as 24 bus services operating from the main bus stand in the city were cancelled. Out of these, about 20 were Thirukochi services. These buses got trapped in the slush accumulated at the parking lot due to the heavy rains.Many commuters had to search for alternate options to reach their destination. Sini Ramesan who went to depot to catch a bus to Thiruvananthapuram had to take an auto rickshaw to head for Vytilla Mobility Hub.\"I went to the bus station unaware of the situation. Fortunately, as mostlong distance buses operated through the hub, I didn't get stranded,\" Sini Ramesan said.On Thursday, the employeeshadtostruggletotakethe buses out of the bus stand.The city buses were mainly hit.\"The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) had been involved in levelling the land, which has been provided to KSRTC to facilitate the construction of Salim Rajan Overbridge. But, the work was not completed. They were yet to lay gravel and the cementing is also not done,\" said a senior official.The KSRTC expressed hope that they would be able to resumeservicesby Friday. Itisdecidedto parkthebuses in the available spaces outside the bus stand.\"We will ensure that the buses are stationed at places where passengers would be able to alight and get down without wading through the slush,\" added the official.Meanwhile, the Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL) has informed that they have provided the works of laying the parking groundtoKerala State Construction Corporation.The decision was taken following the talks between KMRL and KSRTC. Earlier, Roads and Bridges Development Corporation (RBDC-K) had undertaken the work on behalf of DMRC. \"Theworks will be carried out on a warfooting, and we hope to complete it at the earliest,\" said KMRL spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12996744", "title": "Fatso is a natural sweet tangy tender rom-com", "text": "Some \u00a0fine actors who know how to look at home even when placed in outlandish circumstances, carry this quaint tale of love, death, separation resurrection and reparation to the level of a fairly engaging comedy.Films about near-death and after-life have a tendency to be flippant in tone\u00a0while showing a world beyond the one that we know. It's the same fear of the unknown that makes us laugh loudly when we are in a pitch-dark room looking for an exit.This romcom makes its way out of the comfort zone of a love triangle(actually,quadrangle, and then one more angle\u00a0 added somewhere down the line),gets sassy about laughing all the way to after-life and then comes down to earth with a soft thud.There are no sharp curves or twists in the plot. Even when Purab Kohli goes to a place close to heaven his dialogues with his hosts up there(Brijendra Kala and gang) resemble a high-school debate on how to fill up the admission form rather than an existential discourse.Fatso is at best a sweet harmless comedy about Purab Kohli's character almost dying and returning to earth to assume his obese friend Ranvir Shorey's body.Yup, that's it.The main challenge in the narration is to convince the grieving girlfriend(Gul Panag, sweet and restrained) that Purab \u00a0is not who he looks like though he now looks like Ranvir Shorey,40 kilos fatter than usual.The complications are kept at a bare minimum. The love quadrangle is played out at a manageable octave which you know will ensure a comfortable ending for all.One can see that the narration comes to a deadend, no pun intended. Left with no precise way to\u00a0 conclude the love triangle the film simply asks Ranvir Shorey to take over. He delivers a discernibly improvised I-love-life monologue which ends with a cute smooch on the dimpled darling Gul's fulsome lips. That's how you shut all protest up when life threatens to get complicated. You\u00a0 simply shoo away all the misgivings and the dark patches that present themselves in the course of life and cinema.And you simply celebrate the magic of the\u00a0 here-and-nowThat's what Fatso does with the least amount of fuss. It is not a film that pushes far enough in any direction, dark or light. But manages to make sufficient space in its range of vision to ensure that the characters don't appear contrived .There are no laugh-out-loud or sob-out-hard moments in the film. The tragedy of the girl losing her lover on the eve of their marriage is drowned in a pool of mock-surreal situations created more from a sense of mischief than profundity. But the film is fun to watch. It makes the right moves and noises. No one speaks out of turn. And you don't come away from the film offended in any detail.Technically the presentation and packaging are reasonably neat. The film is shot in apartments rather than on sets. That helps to make you believe these are real people. Not actors who have just mugged their lines on the sets. Fatso is a natural sweet tangy tender rom-com about a near-dead lover and a pretender. A just-right ensemble cast makes the proceedings look larger than laugh.Don't go looking for\u00a0 It's A Wonderful\u00a0 Life and you may come away quite happy with this film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12989492", "title": "All for lassi a a a fest with 16 flavours", "text": "LUDHIANA: Most of the nation may not be concerned about what should be the national drink, but the city of lassi lovers is leaving no stone unturned to promote their favourite beverage as a tough contender to the chosen one- tea. The TOI campaign in favour of lassi received a shot in the arm with renowned chef Sanjeev Kapoor pitching in with a lassi festival at his Yellow Chilli restaurant in Sarabha Nagar market.The lassi festival, starting Friday, would feature 16 flavours of lassi, including kesar elaichi, caramelised almond, pineapple, mixed fruit, khus, black current, saunfi, strawberry, mango , pudina, kesar orange, adraki, gulab, masala, roasted pistachio and tomato lassi says restaurant franchise owner Harjinder Singh. These flavours apart, the visitors will even have an option to get their lassi customized instantly, adds Harjinder.He says Punjabis are headlining the campaign for making lassi a national drink because it is a healthier option, liked among all ethnicities in the country. \"Following the Ludhiana franchise, the lassi festival would be taken to the Yellow Chilli restaurants across the country. We would promote the TOI campaign with more such festivals,'' adds Harjinder.Following the lassi campaign, the drink has been added to the menu in most of the city bars, including Deochan Doris (Colonel's Cabin), Brew Masters and Geoffrey's. Even Hotel Park Plaza and Indian Summers are supporting the campaign by introducing various flavours of lassi for the visitors to their restaurants.Punjabi Sahitya Akademi, Hotel and Restaurants Association and the Punjab chapter of the Indian Medical Association had, earlier, written to the PM Manmohan Singh and deputy chairman planning commission Montek Singh Ahluwalia, requesting them to declare lassi, instead of tea, as the national drink. Ahluwalia had recently talked about declaring tea as the national drink.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12987279", "title": "Samsung Galaxy S3, next-generation Android smartphone to launch in India soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: Samsung on Thursday unveiled Galaxy S3, its next-generation Android smartphone, at an event in London . The phone is powered by Exynos 4212, a quad-core processor running at 1.4GHz. It is expected to become available in India in the coming weeks.The phone has a 4.8-inch Super AMOLED screen with a resolution of 720P, 1GB RAM, 16/32GB storage with a slot for microSD card, 8MP camera with burst mode, zero shutter lag and backlit sensor, 2,100mAh battery, Wi-Fi, 3G and Bluetooth. The phone weighs 133 grams and has a thickness of 8.6mm.One of the unique features in Galaxy S3 is its ability to track the eye movement of the user. Samsung calls the feature SmartStay and claims it will make using Galaxy S3 more intuitive. The phone also has S Voice, a feature similar to Siri on iPhone , that will help users in doing several tasks through voice commands.Galaxy S3 runs on Ice Cream Sandwich, the latest version of Android operating software. However, the default user interface of the OS is TouchWiz Nature UX, a custom skin prepared by Samsung.Galaxy S3 is one of the most anticipated phones of the year so far. It succeeds Galaxy S2. In February, Samsung had said that it had sold over 20 million units of Galaxy S2 since introducing it in the market in April last year.Samsung's official Twitter account said on Wednesday that the company would not launch Galaxy Nexus India but consumers should not feel dejected because new and better phone would be arriving soon, hinting at S3 launch here in May.Samsung, which started selling Galaxy range of phones in 2010, has emerged as the biggest Android phone maker. In fact, helped by the sale of Galaxy Note and Galaxy S2, the firm recently became the largest phone vendor in the world, ending Nokia's 14 years reign at the top. According to IDC, a market research firm, Samsung shipped 93.8 million phones in Q1, 2012 compared to 82.7 million phones shipped by Nokia.In smartphone category, the firm ousted Apple from the top position. It shipped 42.2 million smartphones compared to Apple's 35.1 million iPhones. Apple, however, continues to be the world's biggest smartphone maker in terms of profit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12988912", "title": "Fire damages textile godown in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: A sudden fire erupted at a textile godown in the heart of the city, causing panic while people were celebrating the Meenakshi Amman car festival on Thursday. The fire broke out around 8.15 am in a three-storey building at West Tower Street in the heart of the city where a private textile shop used to store cloth bundles.The fire was believed to be caused by an electrical short-circuit which spread quickly on the cloth bundles. Fire and Rescue Services personnel who rushed to spot had a tough time extinguishing the fire as the building was situated in a narrow stretch with poor accessibility. After struggling for two hours to access the source of fire, the firefighters broke open the windows and started spraying water. Four firefighting vehicles and 30 fire personnel were deployed in the operation.District fire officer K Karupiah said they were in a critical condition due to poor accessibility to the building.\"The building had no proper entry and exit points with just a single narrow staircase. It turned out to be very difficult to find out the source of the fire. We had to use extension ladders to break open the windows to spray water on the fire,\" he said. It was sufficient to use two vehicles in this case, but the firefighters had to deploy four vehicles due to poor accessibility, they said. \"We suspect electrical short-circuit as the cause of the fire,\" Karupiah said.Thilagar Thidal police are investigating the case but the police said they are yet to estimate the total loss to property.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "bikaner", "code": "12988060", "title": "Army chief reviews exercise 'Shoor Veer'", "text": "BIKANER: Chief of the Army Staff General V K Singh on Thursday reviewed Exercise \"Shoor Veer,\" currently going on at Hanumangarh in the state. On his arrival, General Singh was received by Lt Gen Gyan Bhushan, General Officer Commanding-in-Chief of South Western Command at the exercise site. A large number of senior officers of Army and Air Force were also present.Defence Spokesman Col S D Goswami said that Lt Gen Ashok Singh, General Officer Commanding, 1 Corps, briefed the Army chief about the participation and training activities carried out since March 1. The Army chief witnessed battle maneouvres of mechanized units in which T-90 tanks, infantry combat vehicles, long range artillery gun, air defence artillery, electronic warfare system and surveillance equipment carried out battle drills in synergy with Air Force fighter aircraft like Sukhoi-30, Jaguars, MIGs along with attack helicopters MI-25, MI-17 etc.Col Goswami said that Exercise Shoor Veer is conducted by the South Western Command based on the integrated theatre battle concept. The elite 1 Strike Corps, supported by Chetak Corps and all other relevant elements of South Western Army and IAF tested new fighting concepts and doctrines during the exercise with real time pictures of the battle zone provided to a centralized command and control centre.He said more than 300 combat vehicles including main battle tanks T-90, T-72, long range 150mm artillery guns, multi-barrel rockets and about 60,000 troops are taking part in this massive exercise.The transformational initiatives, spanning concepts organizational structures and absorption of new age technologies, particularly in precision munitions, advanced surveillance system, space and network centricity is a dream project of Army chief General V K Singh, and the same is being implemented on ground to fine tune our war fighting concepts, Col Goswami said.The Army chief also witnessed major innovations carried out by formations of \"Sapta Shakti\" Command (South Western Command) to enhance combat potential and appreciated the efforts and dedication of the formation and expressed confidence on the battle readiness of Army.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12989296", "title": "Re-laying of Kochi corporation roads begins after a year", "text": "KOCHI: After a delay of almost a year, re-laying of the roads taken over by the state government from the Kochi corporation has begun. Kerala State Construction Corporation (KSCC), which undertook work on behalf of the state government, has almost completed the tender procedures.The KSCC has completed tendering of the five projects worth Rs 28 crore for repairing the 13 roads the government undertook from the civic body. \"To make the execution of work easier, we split the projects into five, of which tendering has been completed for all. The work of a couple of roads has already started while that of some other roads will be awarded soon,'' said P P Jose, general manager, KSCC. '' We expect that the work of all the 13 roads will be completed by the end of the month,'' he said.It was in August last year that 13 roads owned by Kochi corporation were handed over to the public works department (PWD) as the civic bodies failed to conduct repair work on time. The PWD, which took over the work, could complete the tender by January, but the amount quoted by the contractors exceeded the allowed rates by the PWD, and the department didn't award tenders. Later, the work was entrusted with the KSCC. \"We are following the ministry of surface transport's specifications for repairing roads and awarding works,'' Jose said. \"The surfacing work of Karshaka road has almost been completed. Now, we will work on the retaining wall. The re-laying work of other roads will start soon,'' he said.Hospital Road, Sreekandath Road, Azad Road, Kalail Velayudhan Road, Durbar Hall Road, Market Road, Rameswaram Canal Road, Panampilly Nagar Road, Kochupally Road, Forty Feet Road, Janatha Road and Kothakulangara Road are the other roads taken over from Kochi corporation.The state government has already allotted Rs 10 crore for the re-laying of Palarivattom-Kakkanad Road. The amount is for repairing the stretch from Palarivattom Junction to Manakkakadavu near Veega Land under the performance guarantee scheme.But the PWD has completed the tender procedures and is awaiting sanction from the tender committee for rates above the PWD specifications.\"We expect to get approval from the tender committee soon,'' an official with the PWD said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12988110", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee too valuable for Congress to be made President?", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Congress's dilemma over whether to sponsor Pranab Mukherjee in the race for Rashtrapati Bhavan was out in the open on Thursday when a party spokesperson hurriedly withdrew her comment about the veteran finance minister's indispensability for the government.The spokesperson, Renuka Chaudhary, kicked up a virtual storm when she told reporters, \"It will never be easy to leave Pranabda. He is such a valuable person for us in the party. His contribution to the party cannot be even measured. For him, it will not seem to be fair but he has such an active political mind. He is too involved and knows politics so well.\"A gushing Chaudhary went on to call Mukherjee a valuable guide, in what was almost universally interpreted as signalling the Congress's reluctance to spare its chief troubleshooter for a non-political sinecure.The lavish commentary, however, was immediately rolled back, with Chaudhary taking pains to emphasize that her genuine expression of admiration for Mukherjee's skills had been misunderstood and twisted out of context.When asked about the \"confusion\" over names doing the rounds, Congress chief Sonia Gandhi said, \"There is no confusion. Have patience. There is still time.\" Although stating the obvious, the remark could have served to reassure that nobody has been ruled out yet as a candidate.Chaudhary's retraction came amid indications of the finance minister's unhappiness over what he saw as an attempt to indulge him into withdrawing his claim for the top constitutional job.Tired of being passed over for the prized trophies, starting from prime ministership to the stewardship of the home ministry, Mukherjee is learnt to have made it clear to the leadership that he would like to retreat to the sidelines rather than put up with career stagnation.Sources said the finance minister reacted to Chaudhary's lavish prose by making it clear that he was not amused. \"He saw it as an attempt to spoil his chances,\" acknowledged a senior Congress source.Mukherjee is locked in a dead heat with Vice-President Hamid Ansari for Congress endorsement for Rashtrapati Bhavan.The Congress has been unable to take a call. It is appreciative of Mukherjee's hurt as well as of the need to assuage it but the party fears that the departure of the UPA's principal firefighter will leave the government vulnerable. There are also worries that the prime minister, now at the fag end of a surprisingly long tenure and sure of not heading UPA-3, may start disengaging from Sonia Gandhi's political project just when the Congress chief is hoping for a fresh burst of energy before the 2014 polls.The bind was underlined once again on Thursday evening when Sonia refrained from spelling out the party's choice when she discussed presidential elections with Trinamool boss and West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee.At the official Congress briefing, spokesman Rashid Alvi said he could not comment on candidates since the consultations were still underway but added that Renuka Chaudhary was correct in saying that \"Mukherjee is important for party, parliament and government\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12987750", "title": "Small pipeline leaks cause big loss of water for Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: At a time when every drop of water needs to be conserved, city is losing huge quantities of water through small leakages that continue for months. There are at least two leakages between Janata Chowk and Kalpana Building T-point in Ramdaspeth. At both the places, water has been oozing steadily from the pipeline and going into storm water drain.According to residents, the leak has continued for many months despite being brought to the notice of water works department of Nagpur Municipal Corporation. \"Officials react quickly in case of major leakage but same alacrity was called for smaller leakages such as these,\" said Hudkeshwar resident Rajesh Fukat. He said that in east Nagpur there was severe water scarcity.\"It might be a small leakage but it has continued for so long. Imagine the amount of precious water lost,\" said homemaker and a resident of Ramdaspeth Sunita Jadhav. A roadside hotel was seen drawing water from the leakage through a pipe. In fact, the eatery joint owner is using water from the spot for all his requirement. He, however, refused to speak to TOI.At Kalpana Building T-point, this correspondent saw an auto-driver using the leaked water to give his three-wheeler a thorough wash. \"Auto drivers are coming here to wash their vehicles. We are at least making some use of the water,\" said a driver.There are scores of spots across the city where minor leaks remain unattended for months. \"A major leak occurred on Hingna road a week ago and we alerted the Laxmi Nagar zone officials. They plugged the leak only two days ago,\" claimed a resident Sanjay Jogdand.Corporators have brought this issue to the notice of civic officials on several occasions. Corporator Kamil Ansari said though the NMC had entrusted water supply to a private firm, it was yet to come up with any concrete efforts to plug the leaks quickly. Owing to such apathy, many areas have to depend on tankers, pointed out Shiv Sena corporator Bandu Talwekar.Besides leaks, the illegal tapping of water from the pipelines was the major reason for shortage. If the NMC could attend to these two issues, it could ensure sufficient water to all the residential areas in east and north Nagpur where water scracity has ruined summer, said former NCP corporator Vedprakash Arya. Despite repeated attempts, executive engineer Shashikant Hastak was not available for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12990033", "title": "Cops seek meters to check tinted glass visibility", "text": "BHOPAL: A day before the Supreme Court's decision for a ban on tinted glasses in four-wheelers comes into force, the Bhopal police on Thursday sent a proposal to the police headquarters for meters to check the visibility of dark glass.In its May 29 edition, the TOI had raised the issue that traffic police did not have a single meter required for checking visibility of window panes in four-wheelers. In the absence of the equipment, policemen may find it difficult to implement the Supreme Court directives from May 4-- the deadline set by the Apex Court to ban its use.The traffic police on Thursday confirmed that they have sent a proposal for getting 10 meters to check the transparency of glasses in four-wheelers.Hearing a PIL on cars with black sun film on window panes were being increasingly used for crimes, including sexual assault on women , the Supreme Court on April 27 went by the limits prescribed in the MV Act and said anything beyond visual light transmission (VLT) limit of 70% for the front and rear windshields and 50% for the side windows would be punishable.The officials in the city do not appear to have an idea about compliance of the SC directives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12990051", "title": "International passengers to outnumber domestic ones at proposed Kannur airport", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The number of domestic and international passengers who would be using the proposed Kannur airport would touch 2.94 million in 2021, according to a detailed project report prepared by the Cochin International Airport Limited (Cial). The airport would also begin making profit by then, the report says.While international passengers (2.03 million) would comprise the major share of the figure, the number of domestic passengers has been estimated to be around 0.91 million.In the year of its inception in 2015, the number of domestic passengers expected to use the airport is 0.61 million, and international passengers 1.32 million. The passenger traffic is expected to increase seven-fold, touching 15 million by 2045.According to Cial projection, the number of international passengers using the airport is expected to increase significantly when compared to domestic passengers.The number of international passengers is projected to increase from 1.32 million in 2015 to 3.79 million in 2030. It would leapfrog to 7.79 million by 2040.A similar steep rise has not been projected in the case of domestic passenger traffic. The number of domestic passengers, estimated to be 0.61 million in 2015, has been projected to go up to 1.59 million in 2030 and 2.95 million in 2040.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12987605", "title": "More teens use marijuana to feel good, kill anxiety", "text": "MUMBAI: The growing incidence of drug abuse among city teenagers has doctors worried. There has been a 50-75% rise in the number of cases of substance abuse over the past two years, said psychiatrists. Many teens use marijuana before competitions for an enhanced sense of well-being and to reduce fear and kill anxiety.\"There has been a 50-75% rise in the number of cases of substance-abuse amongst teenagers over the past two years. The trend borders on addiction in most cases and it becomes difficult to explain to children the ill-effects of this habit over a prolonged period of time,\" said clinical psychologist Dr Seema Hingorrany. She added that boys as well as girls are falling prey to the habit. Psychiatrists and doctors report a growing trend of doing marijuana, especially before competitions, for an increased sense of well-being and to reduce fear and anxiety.\"Peer pressure is one of the main reasons why even the younger lot gets addicted. Kids these days are very achievement-oriented and in order to get to the top, they are under the impression that drugs will help them achieve a certain status amongst peers,\" said Dr Shubhangi Parkar, head psychiatry, KEM. She added that teenagers fall prey to substance abuse as it facilitates energy building in the beginning; but it soon stunts their growth.Another worrying problem is the easy availability of drugs in every nook and corner of the city, making it easier for kids to get hold of these. \"Cannabis (marijuana) is also called a budget drug because it costs less in comparison to other drugs. My patients, barely of 15-16, have confided in me the various places where they get drugs and that they also get these home-delivered,\" said psychiatrist Dr Harish Shetty. \"Some of the kids have also told me that they get drugs from paanwallahs outside their college.\"Several doctors said that athletes at school level get addicted to substance abuse as it gives them a sudden adrenaline rush, more energy and kills tension.\"These substances stimulate the body to overwork. They work like a whip on the body and do not let it rest until the effects wear out. They also provide extra energy, which many a times, the body cannot programme the muscles for. It later becomes a problem when young adults develop complications ranging from neurology to sexual problems,\" said Dr Hemant Thacker who consults at Jaslok and Breach Candy hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12987247", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation mulls policy for development along floodline areas", "text": "PUNE: Members of the city improvement committee (CIC) of the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) have sought from the civic administration details of the constructions as well as the development control rules for constructions in floodline areas.According to the members, this information will be useful while framing a policy for constructions coming up in floodline areas.Former NCP corporators Ramadhar Dharia and Gopal Kute had, last year, tabled a proposal before the CIC saying that a policy be prepared for the constructions coming up in the areas lying within floodlines. The CIC on Wednesday discussed the proposal at its meeting presided by chairperson Shubhangi Borhade.Shiv Sena corporator Seema Savale said the building permission and town planning departments were playing the blame game for the growing number of constructions in floodline areas.\"I have demanded that the civic administration should not give any permission for constructions in such areas as they come under no-development zones,\" said Savale.Savale said other corporators, including NCP corporator Prashant Shitole and Independent corporator Suresh Mhetre, have demanded to know about the construction activity and the permissions granted by the civic administration.The policy framed will be forwarded to the general body for approval. We expect to get the requisite information from the civic officials at the next meeting, said Savale.Meanwhile, the committee approved a resolution for reservation in certain area of large-sized plots as amenity space and affordable work space. This resolution is to be sent to the GB for its approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12988451", "title": "Ahmedabad police plan multi-storey parking for seized vehicles", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If all goes well, a large plot with the city police will be converted into multi-storey parking lot for the seized vehicles by Sector II police stations. The senior officials have already visited the site earlier this month and final nod is awaited.Senior officials in city police said that a plot opposite ST workshop on Jamalpur-Danilimda road is currently being used as parking lot for the seized vehicles by city traffic police. However, given the location and space available, the officials are mulling over to convert it into proper parking facility.\"Every police station in the city has more than 100 vehicles waiting for disposal. Some are seized as evidence for crime investigation whereas some are unclaimed vehicles found from the parking lots and city roads. It takes years altogether to clear them up after an okay from the judiciary. The vehicles not only choke the surroundings of police stations but also add to the responsibility of the staff as they need to prevent thefts of spare parts. Many of the vehicles become unusable due to prolonged exposure to sun and dust,\" said a police official.To prevent such incidents, the city police have thought of converting the plot into parking lot where there can be bifurcation on the basis of police station and with minimum security arrangements, hundreds of vehicles can be kept at one place. Identification of the stolen vehicles or missing vehicles will also become easier due to their being on one location.\"The state police housing corporation will now be intimated to build the compound wall and structure needed to house the vehicles. Once the higher-ups clear the project, we can see use of the premises by late 2012,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12988163", "title": "Protest against slow repair work", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Peeved over poor progress of work at Niranjan dot bridge and the resulting overflow of sewage water near the bridge, people protested on Thursday. Some people also protested at the DRM office demanding urgent repair of the bridge. The protestors raised slogans against railway officers, Allahabad Municipal Corporation and Jal Sansthan for turning blind eye to their problem.Residents said due to repair of the bridge, there is regular problem of waterlogging and yet the railways has not undertaken steps to complete the repair work. The divisional railway manager had also assured that work of repair of the bridge would soon be completed, residents added.Residents threatened more protests if the repair of the bridge was not completed soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12989031", "title": "Inverters, gensets demand soars with mercury", "text": "KANPUR: The frequent power cuts had compelled the people to make alternative arrangements. The demand of inverters and generators had also increased.The prevailing power crisis had upped the sale of the inverters. Noise-free gensets are also gaining popularity. The inverters and generators come in handy, particularly at night. These devices illuminate the houses. Available at electronic shops, these gadgets could be purchased easily. The markets are flooded with various types of inverters and gensets. The locally made inverters and batteries cost less.Naveen, a wholesale dealer in batteries and inverters, told TOI that from 500 watt to 10,000 kilowatt capacity, inverters are available but the demand remains more for 500 watt to 1 kw inverters.\"People buy inverters and batteries according to requirements. A 500 watt inverter with battery is enough to energize three tubelights and three fans. A 1 KW capacity inverter can be more convenient to the people. Almost every electrical appliance can run on inverters and therefore, this device is much in demand,\" he added. Buyers ask for tubular batteries as these last long.A 500 watt capacity inverter with battery costs around Rs 12,000. A 1 KW capacity inverter is available at Rs 20,000.The inverters can run fans, coolers, refrigerators, TV etc.The noiseless gensets are much in rage. These are available in different capacities and energize any electrical appliance. The generators are costlier than inverters.A businessman expressed anger over the prevailing state of power. He said that Kanpur is being given step-motherly treatment by the government and other cities in the vicinity like Etawah and Mainpuri and the state capital never face power cuts. \"To meet our power needs, we have purchased an inverter of 1 KW capacity. This helps us to sit under a fan and watch TV when there is no power,\" he added. A ready-made garment shop owner in Kidwai Nagar said that he had purchased a noise-free genset for his shop as power rostering during the evening affects business. The genset would illuminate shop and we would be in a position to attract buyers and do business.A readymade garment shop owner in Kidwai Nagar said that he had purchased a noise-free genset for his shop as power rostering during the evening affects business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12989316", "title": "Land acquisition for Kochi Metro hits a roadblock", "text": "KOCHI: Though the district administration had initiated the process to acquire land for Kochi metro along MG Road and Banerjee Road, the process has been hit with land owners protesting over the value of the land.They claim that the compensation suggested by the authorities is less than the current market value of Rs 1 crore per cent.M V Varghese, convenor of land owners association, said if the authorities were not willing to give fair value for the land, they would approach the court. \"We are willing to give our land as it is for a public cause. Each of us will lose about two to three cents of land in the process,\" he said.Varghese also said the district level planning committee (DLPC) had fixed the value of the land based on registration documents of 2005. \"A recent Supreme Court order states that when land is being compulsorily taken away from a person, he is entitled to the highest value which similar land in the locality has fetched. If land value is fixed on this basis, we should get a compensation of about Rs 1 crore,\" Varghese added.Meanwhile, officials in the land acquisition section said they would go ahead with the current price fixed for the land along MG Road, Banerjee Road and South Railway Station Road.\"Currently the price has been fixed between Rs 38 lakh and Rs 40 lakh per cent on these stretches. We have completed the initial procedures for acquiring the land, and expect to initiate the process in a couple of week,\" a senior official in the LA section said.District collector P I Sheik Pareeth had already said that if land owners disagreed with the land value fixed by the DLPC, authorities would be compelled to invoke the emergency clause for acquiring land.According to the current land acquisition plan, nearly 60 cents on Banerjee Road, 9 cents on MG Road and 37.5 cents along the Jos Junction-South Railway Station stretch will have to be acquired. Nearly 70 small and big establishments will be affected in the process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12987319", "title": "Electronic toll to save time, fuel on highways", "text": "PUNE: Endless wait at toll plazas on the Pune-Ahmednagar-Jalna state highway will soon be a thing of the past. The electronic toll collection system to be introduced here is the first-of-its-kind project in the country which promises to save time and fuel on highways. The project was envisaged by the Maharashtra state public works department in May last year, but it could not be completed in time due to procedural delays.The first electronic toll collection system was started on a section of national highway no 5 at Chandimandir in Haryana last month. The Centre plans to implement the system for the entire road network of the country in the next two years.The system will be operational on the four-lane road between Pune and Jalna which has seven toll plazas. This stretch, called the Mahapass project, is one of the busiest in the state. The electronic toll system promises to save time and fuel.A senior PWD official told TOI that the tendering process is complete and the project is now with the state public infrastructure committee for approval. \"We hope the project would be complete in two to three months. The work contract period for completing the project is four monthsHowever, it can be completed much earlier,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12993449", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav quits Lok Sabha seat", "text": "NEW DELHI: Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar today announced in the House that Kanauj MP Akhilesh Yadav , who is now chief minister of Uttar Pradesh, had submitted his resignation on May 2 and it was accepted by her the same day.\"Akhilesh Yadav had submitted his resignation from the Lok Sabha with immediate effect on May 2. I have accepted his resignation with effect from May 2,\" Kumar informed the House.Yadav, who was MP from Kanauj, is now a Member of Legislative Council in Uttar Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12989376", "title": "Supreme Court order leaves cops baffled with no official communication", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A day before the apex court's recent ruling banning all black films on car windows comes into effect, the traffic police in the Tricity remains as confused as the residents. Reason - the cops have not got any official communication in this regard.Unaware about the Supreme Court order coming into effect from May 4, some residents were even getting fresh films put up on the windowpanes of their vehicles.Suresh Singh of Sector 7, who was in Sector 27 to get his car glasses tinted told TOI, \"I am going in for films within the permissible limit of 70% transparency on the front and rear windows and at least 50% transparency on the side windows.\"\"I stay in Mohali and darker films are allowed here. I have already been facing problems driving in Chandigarh. And the new order will be strictly implemented here and that is giving me sleepless nights. My dad's car has company fitted tinted glasses (without film) and there is no clarity about that,\" said Kamaldeep Sidhu, a resident of Phase IX, Mohali.However the traffic police in the Tricity hasn't got any official communication in this regard.The Supreme Court in its recent judgment said, \"We prohibit the use of black films of any visual light transmission (VLT) percentage or any other material upon the safety glasses, windscreens (front and rear) and side glasses of all vehicles throughout the country.\"The judgment further says that only windows of vehicles that have been tinted by the manufacturer will be allowed, while adding that all vehicles with any percentage of tinted film will have to remove it.DSP (traffic), Chandigarh, Vijay Kumar said, \"The Chandigarh traffic police has also learnt about the judgment through media reports but in the absence of any official communication and notification it is difficult to launch a drive against tinted films.\"DSP (traffic), Mohali, Saravjit Kaur said, \"The district traffic police has been launching drives against people using tinted films beyond permissible limits. However the police has not got any communication in connection with the recent apex court judgment.\" DSP Kaur revealed that around 20 to 30 vehicles having tinted glasses \"beyond the permissible limit\" are challaned on an average every 20 days.Senior traffic police inspector Ajay Dasodia from district police Panchkula also said that he was unaware about any kind of communication about the apex court's judgment about tinted films on vehicles.The Supreme Court in its judgment had said that the compliance of orders would be effective from May 4. The Delhi police has already given its consent to launch the drive in the national capital following the decision of apex court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12988951", "title": "Criminals loot Rs 96000 from anganwadi sevika", "text": "PATNA: Motorcycle-borne criminals looted Rs 96,000 from an anganwadi sevika, Manju Kumari, close to her residence at Cooperative Colony under Fatuha police station on Thursday.SDPO, Fatuha, Sunita Kumari said Manju along with her son Rishu, 20, was returning to her residence after drawing Rs 1.40 lakh from the State Bank of India at Fatuha. As the duo reached near their residence, the criminals snatched Rs 96,000 from Manju at pistol point and escaped, the SDPO said.The SDPO said Rishu has lodged a written complaint with the police station concerned in this connection. Raids were on to arrest those involved in loot and recovery of the cash, she added.Woman dies in mishap: A woman died on the spot while four others sustained injuries when the four-wheeler in which they were travelling collided head-on with a truck near Lemuabad locality under Pandarak police station in Patna district on Thursday evening. Pandarak police station SHO S N Ram said that the four-wheeler was on way to Patna from Begusarai and it collided head-on with a truck coming from the opposite direction. All the injured persons have been admitted to a local hospital, the SHO added.Girl attacked: A Class VII student of Narayani Kanya Middle School under Khajekalan police station Priti Kumari sustained cut mark on her hand when she was on way to her school from her Diwan Mohalla residence on Thursday. A cyclist passed close to her and later the girl found cut mark on her hand. Khajekalan police station SHO Prem Kumar said that no such incident had taken place. Even the victim has not informed the local police about any such incident, he added.Complaint lodged: One Mohd Jahid, a native of Mahua in Vaishali district, lodged a written complaint against Jamui BMP 11 Commandant Mansoor Ahmad with the Pirbahorepolice station alleging that Ahmad misbehaved with him on Patna Civil Court premises on Thursday.Pirbahore SHO Asrar Ahmad said the incident took place when Jahid had come to Patna Civil Court in connection with a case.Police are investigating the allegation, the SHO added. Mansoor refuted the charge and said he was at Jamui on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12987721", "title": "MP protests against AIIMS recruitments", "text": "NEW DELHI: The AIIMS administration has landed in a new controversy - this time over the recruitment of faculty members. A Janata Dal(U) MP from Bihar, Monazir Hassan, has written to the parliamentary committee on health alleging irregularities in the selection procedure of assistant professors in the institute.In his letter, the MP claims that the appointment and joining of assistant professors is being done without prior approval of the Governing Body (GB) of the institute which is in contravention with the AIIMS Act.\"The selection committee is a mere advisory committee and its recommendations have to be ratified by the GB. However, the AIIMS director has declared results and given joining (letters) immediately after the interview, without the GB's approval. The affected candidates have been denied an opportunity to appeal to a higher body,\" the letter states.AIIMS officials, however, denied the charges. \"The appointments are being made on fast-track basis to deal with faculty shortage that is affecting hospital services and teaching. Also, the appointment letters being issued clearly state that the recruitments are 'subject to approval from GB',\" said a senior official, who did not want to be named.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12990014", "title": "State, court differ on rules for associate membership", "text": "BANGALORE: Government orders and court rulings are at stark variance on site allotment to associate members of housing co-operative societies. Going by a 1991 high court and 1995 Supreme Court ruling and a 2002 state government order, associate members in all housing co-operative societies including the Bharat Earth Movers Ltd Employees ' Cooperative Society cannot get sites. But hundreds of individuals, who are neither employees of this PSU or organization under which employees formed co-operative society was formed, have got sites in contravention of their rulings. These beneficiaries have taken shelter under two government orders.In 1991, in the Narayan Reddy vs State of Karnataka case in the high court,thecourt ruledthat nooneother than employees could become members of co-operative housing societies and even if a provision was made for nominal or associate membership, such a member would not be eligible for a site. The HC ruling was later upheld by the Supreme Court in 1995 in the HMT HBCS vs Syed Khadar case. This ruling said bogus members in the name of associate members should not be admitted to membership of co-operative societies and that such members are ineligible for sites. The state government on April 1 2002 issued an order quoting the 1991 high court ruling that associate members were not eligible for sites.But in 2008, the Joint Registrar of Co-operative Societies issued a direction that there can be discretionary quota under which sites could be given to non-members. The direction also stated that 10% of the total membership of a co-operative society could constitute associate members. In 2010, the government passed another order that any individual could become associate member of a co-operativesociety subjecttothesociety's assessment. \"Both orders allow us to admit associate members. What we did was in line with regulations. We now feel membership has become unmanageable and stopped associate membership. Legally, there is no way we can avoid giving them a site when they have been admitted as associate members and they even remit money for it. While is our society being singled out for 1,380 associate members. What about the telecom society which has 18,000 associate members ? There is deliberate focus on our society,\" said N Munnakappa, BEML Society.With societies steeply increasing the number of associate members, former MLA and Congress leader Mahima Patel sensed real estate plunder and challenged the 2008 and 2010 government orders in the high court. The court has slated the next hearing after the vacation.Patel and other activists have questioned how the government superseded its order of 2002 by issuing new orders in 2008 and 2010 and by doing so was in violation of the 1991 high court and 1995 Supreme Court rulings. They have also questioned the status of associate membership on the basis of the 1991 and 1995 court rulings and sought quashing of the 2008 and 2010 orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12988209", "title": "Barely a year old, Maharashtra's mangrove cell hit by staff crunch", "text": "MUMBAI: A special cell set up last year to protect and expand the mangrove cover across Maharashtra is floundering due to lack of manpower. The cell, whose sanctioned strength of 37 is also considered inadequate, currently has only 15 members.The cell's jurisdiction extends not just to Mumbai but the entire Maharashtra coastline covering Sindhudurg and Ratnagiri districts and four districts in and around Mumbai. It now has just 15 people, headed by the chief conservator of forests and comprising one assistant conservator of forests, four range forest officers, besides a few forest guards and boatmen.\"Our cell is in charge of mangroves in six districts, for which even a strength of 37 people is insufficient. It's just grossly inadequate. We are hence more concerned about expanding mangrove cover and supporting research activities. The cell will act as a fulcrum for all mangrove conservation activities in the state. We will have to pool in a lot of resources, including NGOs, local communities. We aim to restore mangroves which are in a degraded state, besides maintaining coastal bio-diversity. The regular forest department is in a better position to protect mangroves,\" said N Vasudevan, chief conservator of forests, who currently heads the mangrove cell.The mangrove cell was to double the state's 186 sq km (18,600 hectares) of mangrove cover in a decade, by nurturing mudflats among other things.\"The cell will play the role of a catalyst and refer all complaints regarding the destruction of mangroves to the appropriate authorities. Violations on private land will be referred to the revenue department,\" said Vasudevan. Investigations into any violations, if related to notified forest land, will be conducted by the forest department, said Vasudevan.The Bombay high court, in a 2005 order, directed the state government to conduct satellite mapping to identify mangrove land and designate them as protected forests. The government then initiated several measures to protect the green belt. The mangrove revival plan was an offshoot of this order.Acting on the court order, more than 5,800 hectares of mangroves were declared 'protected forests' in Mumbai. Last year, the state passed a legislation empowering authorities to file criminal cases against persons who destroy mangroves. Destruction of mangroves can invite penalties as well as imprisonment. Penalties for violations committed on government land (notified as 'protected forests') and private land (notified as 'forest') will come under the Forest Conservation Act. Since the CRZ notification also brings several mangroves under the Coastal Regulatory Zone (CRZ-I), it will also attract provisions of the Environment Protection Act. While the prescribed penalty under the Forest Conservation Act is 15 days' imprisonment, that under the Environment Conservation Act can go up to five years' imprisonment if the mangrove land is within CRZ-I. The government also set up the mangrove cell a few months back, but it is right now hit by an acute staff crunch.Mangroves are a natural breeding ground for several species and act as natural lungs and kidneys of the ecosystem. Their importance has been especially highlighted in buffering natural hazards such as cyclones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12980794", "title": "Can we ban the Censor Board, please?", "text": "Ashvin Kumar feels banning films isn't a solutionOscar-nominated filmmaker Ashvin Kumar, whose film \"Inshallah, Kashmir\" received the National Award for Best Film on Social Issues on Wednesday, doesn't mince words when he shares the irony of his film, which was banned last year, being given a National AwardBanned by cbfc, celebrated by national award\"Last year, \"Inshallah, Kashmir\" was censored and banned by the Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC), and this year, it is being celebrated by the National Awards. We live in a society which believes it should ban Salman Rushdie , ban Sanjay Kak for showing his film (his documentary \"Jashn-e-Azadi\" was stopped from being screened at a Pune college), ban Taslima Nasreen - they ban all these things, and by banning, the society shows that it will not allow anybody's independent, liberal point of view, especially if it does not agree to it. After some bouts of skepticism, I have finally accepted that I've won the award, and am content about it,\" says Ashvin.I don't bribe the censor boardAshvin Kumar's \"The Forest\" might have won international acclaim, but the censors weren't too pleased with it in India. After courting trouble for a scene that has a teenage boy watching his parents (played by Jaaved Jafery and Nandana Sen ) in an intimate position and eventually getting an 'A' certificate even for the promo, Ashvin has decided to release the film here only in English. Says he, \"I always get treated specially at the Censor Board (sic). I guess that's because I don't bribe anyone. Neither do I have a middleman to influence the Board's decision. That's perhaps why my films always get stuck there. I had toned my film down for the Hindi version. But now, I have decided to release it only in English. I think commercial films are always treated differently since there are huge monies involved. I am an independent filmmaker and thus will have to maintain my silence,\" says Ashvin.We have a problem looking at ourselves in the mirrorWhat kind of problems did Ashvin face while shooting \"Inshallah, Football\"? \"If a filmmaker puts his camera in Kashmir, he's already facing a problem. You're not made to feel particularly welcome by the armed forces. So obviously, I knew I might face some trouble,\" Ashvin begins politely, and adds, \"Plus, with the issues my films touch upon, they hold up a mirror to the nation. And we, as a nation, have a problem looking at ourselves in the mirror. We tend to smash the mirror even before we can see our reflection in it. Rushdie was asked to leave the Jaipur Lit Fest. So, while shooting \"Inshallah, Football\", I had every inkling that it might be banned, but as long as we don't push the system, as long as we don't raise the bar, we're going to face mediocre treatment, and never let this country grow.\"Omar Abdullah's role\"Inshallah, Football\" also has a cameo by J&K; CM Omar Abdullah . How did that happen? \"I was shooting the film in Kashmir, based on the real life of a young footballer who wants to fly to Brazil to play a football match but the Indian government does not give him a passport because his father is an ex-militant. While the shooting was going on, a journalist wrote about it in the paper there. Omar read about it, called up his department and arranged for a passport for the boy. This happened while we were shooting. So I approached him and luckily, he agreed. It was not me, but destiny that wrote him into the film's script.\"A film for kids, but kids can't watch it\"\"Inshallah, Football\" is the story of a young 17-year old boy. As the film has an adult certification, it cannot be seen by the young audience. The story of a young boy cannot reach the young Indian audience itself, so what's the point of making a film about football, hopes, regeneration, the life of a 17-year-old in Kashmir, etc?\" asks the filmmaker.Kitna ban karoge?\"With the advent of cheaper technology... the freedom this technology lends to the common man is huge. It's given someone as young as 13 a chance to shoot a film with his phone camera, upload it on the internet and pass it on to as many people as he can. This is being done for people who want to send a message, want to be heard. It's not taking a year for them to reach out to the audience. It's happening within hours, quickly, instantly. Now, with the advent of such freedom, to what extent will the CBFC or the authorities go to ban those short films out on the net? And they will ban it for viewing of the young audience? In my view, in a society where everything is available on the internet, there should be a ticker before every film stating that there is adult/explicit/gory content in this film, so parents, please check whether you want to show it to your children or not. It should be their decision. That's all we need. Do we really need a censor board in that case?\"Doon film case adjourned again", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12989119", "title": "BSNL phone users left in a lurch", "text": "PANAJI: A number of BSNL customers in the state have been left with disconnected telephone lines after not receiving their monthly telephone bills. Many customers had to obtain a duplicate copies of their bill and rush to make the payment before May 2, which was the last date.Ian Martin, a senior citizen in his seventies said, \"Telephone bills have suddenly stopped arriving by post for the past four months and everyone had to queue up like cattle at BSNL counters.\"Martin claims he received a bill dated April 10 on April 30, and had to pay by May 2.Customers are angry after disconnection of their telephone lines for non-payment of bills without any prior notice. Many customers have alleged that they did not receive their bills, while others say their connections were disconnected in spite of payment.Dattanand Pednekar, a graphic designer told TOI, \"My telephone line has been disconnected for the past two days. I was told of the pending bill only after the disconnection.\" Pednekar tried to pay the bill online but an error prevented him from doing so.Even emergency services have not been spared, with reports of a public health centre telephone line being disconnected. A bank telephone line was also said to have met a similar fate.Swapnil Phadte from Marcel said he has not received his bill for the past two months and paid last month's bill after obtaining a duplicate. Phadte was also critical of the arrogant attitude displayed by some of the BSNL staff who told him it was his responsibility to check for the arrival of his bill. Suresh Naik, DGM (finance), BSNL, said the disconnections were due to non-payment of previous month bills. He disclosed that after the company upgraded to the new CDR billing system it issued bills on February 19, March 8 and April 10 and admitted there may have been delays in dispatching them.He said that while BSNL was aware that some customers had not received their bills, the billing and disconnection is done automatically by the new CDR system installed in Pune and there is no manual intervention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12989906", "title": "Goverment not to count physics re-exam marks in Eamcet", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government on Thursday said that the new physics marks obtained in the advance supplementary exam being held on May 16 for the 1.8 lakh Intermediate students who failed in it would not figure in the Eamcet merit list. Secondary education minister K Parthasarathy said that Eamcet rank list was scheduled to be out on May 24 and the Board of Intermediate Education (BIE) was in no position to declare its results before that. Eamcet officials have made it clear that the rank list announcement would not be postponed.Furious students and parents, whose protest had forced the government to agree to advance the exam date from May 24 to 16, held a protest in front of BIE office on Thursday. \"If the government is not willing to consider the new marks while calculating Eamcet ranks, why did they advance the date? They raised false hopes,\" said N Nagaraju, a parent. Ironically, the government had advanced the dates to allow the students to be eligible for competitive examinations, including Eamcet, BITSAT (for BITS, Pilani), IIT-JEE and AIEEE.Higher education minister C Damodar Rajanarasimha has reportedly called for a state-level meeting of all stakeholders, including AP State Council of Higher Education (APSCHE), Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University ( JNTU) and Board of Intermediate Education on Friday to discuss the issue.Till last year, students taking advance supplementary examinations were considered for the Eamcet rank list. But this year, the higher education department issued a GO in the second week of April - before the Inter results - saying that these students would not be considered for Eamcet as hardly a few hundred appeared for it.However, in an unusual development this year, a huge number (1.8 lakh or 31% of total Inter students) failed in the physics paper. Protests finally forced the state government to advance the advancesupplementary exam date to May 16. Of the total 5.6 lakh students who appeared for the physics paper, 4.8 lakh are appearing for the advance supplementary, including the 1.8 lakh who failed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12987655", "title": "Cop\u2019s body found in water tank", "text": "NEW DELHI: The body of a constable was found in a water tank on the premises of police training school at Malviya Nagar in south Delhi on Thursday.The deceased, Munish Hooda, 23, a native of Rohtak in Haryana, was posted with the seventh battalion of Delhi Armed Police ( DAP) and came here around three moths ago, police said. Hooda's father, Krishan Lal, is a head constable with Delhi Police posted at Mayur Vihar police station.The body was found in the water tank on the terrace of the barracks. Hooda lived on the first floor. The tank, police said, was used by the police to fetch water for their daily use. Hooda was last seen around 12:30am by his colleagues and analysis of his call records revealed he made a call around that time. The death, police said, took place between 1am and 9am.The incident came to light around 9:30am when a cop spotted a slipper outside the tank and peeped in only to discover a body inside. \"Police were informed about the incident. The tank was broadened and torn off from the top to get the body out,\" said a senior police officer.The body was sent for postmortem to AIIMS and Hooda's relatives were informed about the incident, police said. DCP (south) Chhaya Sharma said, \"A board of doctors will conduct the postmortem and investigations will depend on the autopsy report.\"The victim's family alleged foul play. Krishan Lal said, \"There are marks around his neck. A red line is present that indicates he may have been strangled and then thrown into the tank. There are some injury marks on the body too.\" Hooda's uncle, Jaidev, who is a cop as well, confirmed these facts.Police, however, ruled out external injuries but said anything substantial could only be said after the medical reports came in. No weapon or wire with which he could have been strangled was recovered from the spot, police said.A police officer, who did not wished to be named, said it was possible that the death could have been an accident. Hooda may have bent too much while fetching water from the tank, he said.\"The deceased may not have been able to come out of the tank. Once inside it, the tank is such that it's almost impossible to come out. In the morning, fresh supply of water to the tank would have ensured his death,\" the officer said.But the fact that the body was found in a sitting posture inside the tank with his hands facing each other in front of his face contradicted the theory that he may have fallen into the tank because then the body would have been found upside down. One of the investigating officers said the body could have turned after the water supply commenced causing the body to turn inside the tank.That the deceased was wearing only one slipper and the other was found near the tank raised the possibility of foul play, alleged a source. It indicated that a scuffle may have taken place, a family member alleged. Suicide was ruled out by the family and police, as they said Hooda would visit his home frequently and did not seem depressed or complained of any pressure regarding work or personal matters. \"He had come back to the centre on Wednesday afternoon from home and I spoke to him around 9pm. He was fine,\" his father said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12990090", "title": "ACP refuses to conduct probe into Rasheed case", "text": "KOCHI: The investigation into the complaint filed by CBI against DySP Abdul Rasheed, alleging that he had threatened the CBI officials with direconsequences,is learnt to have hit a road block after the police officer who have been assignedwiththecase refused to conduct the probe citing technical reasons.Police sources said that assistant commissioner M Joseph Saju is learnt to have written a letter to the city police chief citing technical reasons to continue with the probe. As per the sources, the assistant commissioner has pointed out that only crime branch is authorized to probe a complaint against a police officer in the rank abovecircle inspector and the Director General of Police (DGP) has issued a circular in this regard. However, senior police officials said that it was up to the police chief to decide to handover an investigation of a case.\"As of now Narcotic Cell Assistant Commissioner M Joseph Saju has been directed to look into the case. If there is a technical reason, then the higher ups in the department will look into it. The duty of the subordinate officer is to finish the task assigned to him,\" the officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12988725", "title": "Woman burnt alive in Patna, two arrested", "text": "PATNA: A married woman, Anju Devi (40), was burnt alive at her residence at Adarsh Colony under Danapur police station on Thursday. The deceased was the wife of Dharmendra Mishra, owner of a readymade shop at Shastrinagar. She has left behind a daughter, Anjali Kumari, a Class VI student, and a son, Abhishek, a student of Class I.Anju's brother, Vijay Kumar Mishra, said that his sister's brother-in-law, Amrendra Mishra, contacted him and asked him to reach his house at Adarsh Nagar as he has committed something wrong. He said that he contacted Dharmendra and asked him to accompany him to his house.Vijay said that when he reached Anju's in-law's place with his brother inlaw, he saw smoke coming out of the room where her sister was burnt alive. He said that he found her mother in-law Sumitra Devi, and Amrendra there. \"I saw a cloth around my sister's neck,\" he said and added that he has lodged an FIR against Sumitra and Amrendra with the police station concerned.SDPO, Danapur, Anil Kumar said that Vijay has lodged an FIR against Sumitra and Amrendra. He said both of them have been arrested in this connection. The complainant alleged that his sister was being tortured by her mother-in-law and brotherin-law, the SDPO said and added that it appeared she was burnt alive. Everything would be clear only after the local police get the autopsy report, he added. Danapur SHO B K Singh said prima facie it seems that the incident is fallout of some family dispute", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12988944", "title": "Nashik Traders welcome Centre's move to scrap onion Minimum Export Price", "text": "NASHIK: Onion traders in Nashik district have welcomed the central government's decision to remove the Minimum Export Price (MEP) on onions and have said that this will boost onion export of onions from India.The Centre on Wednesday decided to scrap the MEP on onions for the next two months till June. The decision was taken after farmers and traders across the country demanded the removal in order to boost onion export and so that farmers could get a better price.Sohanlal Bhandari, president of Nashik District Onion Traders Association, said, \"It was a long-pending demand to remove MEP on onion and the Centre has taken a really good decision in this connection . The decision removal of MEP will definitely boost the onion export and the effects will be seen in a month or two.\"When contacted, Satish Bhonde, additional director of National Horticulture Research and Development Foundation (NHRDF), said, \"The government has temporarily suspended the MEP on onion for the next two months with an aim to control the falling prices of onion and boost onion export. However, its effects will be seen in the next few days. At present, the new summer crop arriving in the markets is of Grade-II quality and good quality onions are being stored by farmers.\"A senior official from Lasalgaon APMC ( Agriculture Produce Market Committee) said, \"The move of the government of removing MEP on onion will definitely help increase onion export and will help farmers get better prices. Farmers and traders had already started stocking onions hoping that the government would scrap the MEP and they would get better prices. However, those farmers, who do not have storage facility, are bringing their produce to the market.\"Meanwhile, the average wholesale price in Lasalgaon APMC, Asia's biggest onion market, increased by Rs 10 per quintal and went up to Rs 380 per quintal on Thursday, against Rs 370 a quintal on Wednesday (May 2). Around 12,000 quintals onion was auctioned at the APMC on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12988031", "title": "82-year-old tries killing self in front of high court", "text": "JAIPUR: The story of 82-year-old Raghunath Singh is that of the failure of the entire system. Dumped by the Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) after he served it for over 30 years, Raghunath Singh who attempted to commit suicide in front of Rajasthan High Court building on Thursday has nowhere to go; even his son has disowned him. While, the JMC is not paying him pension benefits for the last 25 years, police said he has been forced to live in night-shelters allegedly after being disowned by his son.Singh was arrested by the police for attempting to commit suicide after he poured kerosene on him and was about to set himself on at the entrance of the high court building around 11 am on Thursday. Singh claimed that he was denied pension benefits since his retirement as a sanitary worker in1987. He filed writ petitions in the courts, but they too were of no avail.As he tried to set himself on fire, some guards and policemen intervened and took him to a hospital and then the Ashok Nagar police station. He was booked under section 309 of IPC for attempting suicide, a bailable offence under which police themselves are authorised to release an accused if someone furnishes surety bonds.However, police claimed that his son Rajendra Singh who lives in Sundar Vihar near Kalwar Road did not turn up on the pretext of being on some business trip out of the city.\"We had to book the elderly man as attempting suicide is a crime under the law. However, we have released him on personal bond as no one came forward to furnish surety bonds,\" said a police official.The officer said, \"The son says he has nothing to do with his father. Raghunath Singh told us that he has been living in a night-shelter for the past 5-6 years\".Raghunath Singh is in such pathetic condition in a state which has the Maintenance and Welfare of Senior Citizens and Parents Act in place. As per the law, Neglect in due care and maintenance of senior citizens and aging parents may cost dearly to their kins as it would lead to imprisonment up to 3 months and fine up to Rs 5,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12987674", "title": "Woman acquitted after facing trial for 15 years", "text": "NEW DELHI: For 15 years she faced trial allegedly for bootlegging but when the time came for producing the case property - seized liquor - police could only produce empty cans before the court.With the mysterious disappearance of the seized illicit liquor and no other evidence at hand, a trial court has acquitted a woman saying the \"improper condition\" of the case property was fatal to the prosecution's case. Delhi resident Naresho was booked by police in May 1997 under the Punjab Excise Act after the alleged recovery of 75 pouches of illicit liquor from her.She had pleaded innocence, denying the allegation of recovery of liquor from her.During the trial, police could not produce the illicit liquor and the pouches were found to be empty. Taking a stern view, metropolitan magistrate Ashu Garg said, \"When the case property was produced in the court, it was found that all the pouches were empty and the plastic can was damaged and in empty condition.\"In such a case, there would always be a doubt as to the contents of the seized can.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12994446", "title": "Another northeast student found dead in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: Close on the heels of a Manipuri student who was found dead in \"mysterious circumstances\" in his college hostel last month, another student from the northeastern state allegedly committed suicide by hanging.The deceased was identified as Jackio Heisnam (23), a second year student of Mechanical Engineering in Bangalore Institute of Engineering in Chandapura taluk in Bangalore district, police told PTI today.Police said Jackio had a heated argument with his 19-year-old girl friend, also from Manipur, as she had not been answering his phone calls for the past few days. Though she explained that she was busy with her exams, Jackio suspected her of cheating on him and started shouting at her.In the course of the argument at his rented room in Suddaguntepalya late last night, Jackio picked up a wire and twisted it around his neck and hung himself from the fan in front of the girl, police said.Immediately, the girl cut the wire and called out to his friend in the next room and rushed Jackio to a private hospital where he was declared brought dead,sources said.\"Jackio's parents have been informed and they are on their way to Bangalore. We will be questioning them as well as his girl friend (who is a second year student in BA in a city college )\", police said.On April 18, 19 year-old Loitham Richard was found dead in \"mysterious circumstances\" in his room in the college hostel at Madanayakanahalli in Bangalore district.While police initially said he died as a result of a road accident, the student's friends and family alleged he suffered fatal injuries in an assault by seniors a day earlier.The death sparked off protests in Bangalore and New Delhi with the protesters demanding justice for Loitham.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12988599", "title": "Green tribunal finally gets office space", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday directed the Centre to allot the entire 36,000 square feet space available in the Capital's Faridkot House to the National Green Tribunal within 15 days and make it fully functional by appointing a chairman and members by September 15.This means, the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) headed by former Chief Justice of India K G Balakrishnan and Press Council of India (PCI) headed by Justice Markandey Katju will have to vacate the space occupied in Faridkot House.A bench of Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhaya directed the government to allot alternative space for other tribunals and offices functioning from Faridkot House.If the urban development ministry had a lot to answer over the long delay in providing office space and infrastructure to NGT and residential accommodation to its chairman and members, the ministry of environment and forests faced questions from the court over the delay in approving Justice R V Raveendran's name as the chairman and filling vacant posts of members.Solicitor general R F Nariman blamed the delay on red-tape but the bench was critical of the Centre's approach towards the tribunals. Terming NGT as the most important tribunal, it asked the government why it was setting up tribunals and asking the judiciary to nominate retired judges to head them when it did not have the wherewithal to provide basic requirements.The court wanted to examine the veracity of space crunch pleaded by the Centre for the delay in providing accommodation to NGT chairman and members after the urban development ministry said it had no spare official flats/bungalows for the three expert members and four judicial members of the tribunal.Refusing to buy the Centre's excuses, the bench directed the ministry to furnish within two months a \"complete list of houses/flats and other accommodation being occupied by political parties/individuals and non-political persons beyond the tenure of their appointments\".On the Centre's proposal to expand NGT by appointing six expert members and four judicial members, the bench said, \"In our view, the green tribunal is the most important quasi-judicial body in the country. For chairmen and members of many other tribunals, houses are earmarked. If this is the attitude of the government, how can you persuade judges to join these tribunals?\"Nariman said 19,000 square feet space in Faridkot House would be available to NGT after NHRC shifted to its own building by the year-end. But the bench directed the ministry to pass orders within a fortnight allocating the entire Faridkot House to NGT.The bench said, \"This institution must have space to expand... NGT is an important statutory tribunal, the functioning of which will impact the country from north to south, east to west.\"Press Council of India, through senior advocate P H Parekh, pleaded against eviction and informed the court that the office space in Faridkot House was allotted to it on November 25, 2011, within two months of Justice Katju becoming its chairperson.The bench directed the ministry to allot alternative space to PCI, saying that compared to the media regulator, the green tribunal needed the space much more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12989851", "title": "Reshuffle of 14 commissioners in-charge", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a major reshuffle, new inspectors were posted at 14 police stations, including Banjara Hills and Jubilee Hills, on Thursday.Hyderabad in-charge commissioner Anurag Sharma, in a press release, said that the new inspectors included G Guru Raghavendra (Abids PS), B Sudhershan Reddy (Tukaramgate), Shashank Reddy (Marrredpally), P Shiva Bhaskar (Gopalpuram), AP Anand Kumar (Rein Bazaar), Shyam Sunder Singh (Kachanbagh), A Srinivasulu (Saidabad), D V Pradeep Kumar Reddy (Jubilee Hills), P Sridhar (Banjara Hills), KVM Prasad (Santosh Nagar), V Narasimha Reddy (Afzalgunj), Mohammed Majid (Kalapather) and S Prabhakar (SR Nagar).The existing Banjara Hills inspector M Sudharshan and SR Nagar inspector P Krishana Murthy were transferred to Hyderabad range along with two other inspectors.Similarly, two inspectors, S Sharath Kumar and K Chandrasekhar Reddy, were transferred to the Crime Investigation Department ( CID).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12988475", "title": "Bikers target parked car in Naranpura", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After targeting 12 cars in three nights in Satellite, the bikers have become active in Naranpura where a car parked outside a showroom was damaged on Tuesday night. Police have started questioning the nearby residents to know about the bikers.According to Naranpura police, proprietors of Hyundai showroom near Pragatinagar reported damage to a parked car on Tuesday night. Their complaint says a car, used for test rides, was parked outside the showroom. When the staff members came for duty on Wednesday, they found all four windows of the car smashed by heavy stones.\"We believe that it is the same modus operandi used in Satellite and they might be the same youths. We are searching for eyewitnesses who can give some clues about the vehicle and its number for further investigation,\" said police inspector HB Jamod.The police stations in western parts of the city have been put on alert after two different groups damaged seven cars in one night in last one week. So far, the late-night police patrol has not yielded any results. Police have now started digging into their database to find the youths caught for over-speeding or performing stunts on roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12988188", "title": "Does law &amp; order persist in city?", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The recent spurt in crime in the district has raised questions over police claims of better law and order situation. Some notable cases include the murder of upcoming Nepali actress Meenakhsi Thapa, sexual harassment of minor girls in a shelter home, six murders, dacoity and loot besides the violence on the Allahabad University campus.With the change of the guards in the state, citizens had expected improvement in the law and order situation. But, the growing crime cases have dampened these hopes.There has also been rise in cases of loot and theft. Cases like Rs 2.60 lakh loot in Allahapur, Rs 40,000 snatching or Rs 3.70 lakh loot in Civil Lines the increasing snatching and theft cases have raised questions over policing in the district. Most of the snatching and theft cases have been reported in the heart of the city.\"Senior police officials should initiate action and chalk out an effective plan to check the rising incidents of snatching and loot,\" said Vijay Arora , general secretary, Prayag Vyappar Mandal. He added that traders have repeatedly appealed to police to increase patrolling in market areas.Arora came down heavily on police authorities claiming that we are always given false assurances and the fact is that there has been no decline in cases of thefts/burglaries and snatchings. He added, \"The traders organisations have demanded to install CCTV sets at all prime market locations but till date, no corrective measures have been taken till date\".BJP leader Yogesh Shukla asserted \"The crime scene in the city has turned from bad to worse for the last two months. Cases of loot, murder and snatching are on the rise while the city police is unable to check the same\".DIG N Raviendra, however, promises action. He claims that cops have been told to crack down on lawbreakers. He has also directed district police chief to tighten the noose around tribal gangs. But it remains to be seen if the DIG's directives will check crime in the city.\"Police authorities must ensure tough action against law breakers\" said Ajay Tripathi, a government employee adding \" the increasing cases of snatching, loot and thefts have left city denizens to live in a fear psychosis \" he added.Inspector general, Allahabad zone, Alok Sharma said patrolling is being done in identified pockets so that people feel secure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12988850", "title": "Water cuts on May 7, 8", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC has announced water cuts of varying levels across the city on May 7 &amp; 8. It has imposed a 100% water cut for the eastern part of S ward (Nahur, Bhandup, Kanjurmarg and Vikhroli) on both days. The BMC will work on connecting a water supply pipe to an existing pipe along the EEH from Airoli junction to Kannamwar Nagar, Vikhroli.There will be a 40% water cut in M-east ward (Deonar, Anushakti Nagar, Govandi, Trombay, Mankhurd), M-west (Chembur, Tilak Nagar, Mahul), N ( Ghatkopar, Vikhroli) and T ( Mulund, Nahur, Vihar). Supply in the rest of the city will be affected by 20%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12989309", "title": "Will regulate, ban sale in bottles: Ministry to high court", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a bid to curb the use of correction fluid and thinner among addicts, Union ministry of health and family welfare has decided to control and ban its sale in bottles. It was stated by the Union government before Punjab and Haryana high court in response to a public interest litigation (PIL).The Union ministry is also considering the feasibility of allowing sale of correction fluids in the shape of pens, or similar devices, with a statutory warning on it.Counsel for the Centre, Onkar Singh Batalvi, said the ministry was in the process of issuing a notification to \"control/ban\" the sale of correction fluid in bottles. Chandigarh already claims to have charted out a special plan to deal with the menace.The matter had reached HC following a PIL claiming that slum children in various part of city are using thinner to get the kick. Some of them are as young as five-year olds and they pour fluid on handkerchief and inhale it to get a high for three to four hours. Earlier, the Chandigarh administration had informed the court that they have completely banned the sale of correction fluid on all stationery shops and are making serious efforts to control the use of correction fluid by minors. The measures include epidemiological survey to identify addicted children and their counselling, vigilance near schools by police to detect children using fluid for intoxication and publicity campaign to spread awareness about the bad effects of the fluid.The petition was jointly filed by Ashok Khanna of Art of Living, another NGO, Yuvsatta, through its chief Promod Sharma, theatre director Neelam Maan Singh Chaudhary, Rakesh Sharma and six others. Quoting a PGI study, PIL had informed the court that continuous consumption of correction fluid leads to depression and confusion to aggressive, violent outbursts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12989094", "title": "Scrutiny of mining docus to be completed in 14 days: Raju Gawas", "text": "PANAJI: The directorate of mines and geology will complete the verification of documents submitted by mining traders within a fortnight. The move aims at identifying bogus and fake traders involved in alleged illegal mining activities.Speaking to mediapersons, the in-charge of verifying traders' documents and assistant director of mines and geology, Raju Gawas, said, \"We received documents from 210 traders and have completed the verification of around 50 documents. The whole process should be completed within a fortnight.\"After the scrutiny, the mines department has so far, stopped two traders from carrying out mining activities in the state. \"The activities of PSN Mines and Minerals, Curchorem, and Milestone Minerals Private Limited-Goa, were found to be suspicious. A further inquiry is in process against the traders, leaseholders, traders, transporters, importers and all the authorities of the government are hereby directed not to transact with these firms their partners or their directors,\" said an order issued by director of mines and geology Prassana Acharya.The department had suspended 460 mining traders' licenses in April. To identify bogus and fake mining traders, the department had asked traders to furnish 12 documents to renew their trading licenses issued by the department. The department issued 73 NOCs to traders to exports iron ore after their trading licenses were suspended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12988240", "title": "No more 'dark' days at Allahabad University", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The tiring days of voltage fluctuation on the campus of Allahabad University would soon be a thing of past. Reason: AU to get its own dedicated power line soon as the varsity authorities have agreed to pay an amount of Rs 13 lakh being asked by Northern Railways for taking the power line beneath their railway track.Pointedly, after the Electrical and Mechanical wing of UP Jal Nigam installing the transformers and laid down the cables in all the four campus of AU needed to implement the said project, the work had come to standstill for the last around a year despite the fact that heavy transformers, worth lakhs of rupees, were installed at AU and the varsity authorities had incurred an amount of over Rs 9cr for the project. The deadlock was due to the fact that after lying down the cable in the entire faculty, the same had to be connected with 132/33 KVA sub station being setup by the Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Ltd ( UPCCL) near IERT (Institute of Engineering and Rural Technology). For giving the final connection, the cable had to pass beneath Prayag-Lucknow railway line, near IERT. The varsity authorities were informed by the railway authorities that if they want to pass the cable beneath the track, they have to deposit an amount of Rs 13 lakhs to the authorities of Northern Railway.Later, the varsity authorities on their part requested the railway authorities to exempt AU. tnn from depositing the said amount of money owing to the fact that AU too is a central organization like Railways. But this caused substantial delay in launching the said project as after some preliminary talks with Railway authorities at Lucknow, nothing concrete was being reached. \"This was an irony that varsity had invested over Rs 9 Crores in the entire project, the project came to a halt just because of a meager amount of Rs 13 lakhs because of which the project got delayed by over Six months\", said an official of AU. Once we pass the cable beneath the track, the same would be passed through land of cantonment board and it will take just 90 days for AU to start its substation, he added.Now, after the initial hitch for shelling out Rs 13 lakhs, the varsity authorities have finally agreed in principle to pay the amount being asked by the railway authorities to pass the cable beneath the railway track going towards Phaphmau, informed a source at AU. \"It was in a recent meeting at the campus that the V-C gave its green signal to pay the said amount to the railways\", said the source.Pointedly, the need of having its own dedicated power line at AU is being felt from past five years and especially after AU establishing some state of art labs having sophisticated equipments, slight fluctuation of voltage for which could prove fetal. \"It sometimes pains to experience power failure in midway of some or the other important experiment as all efforts then goes in vain. Now, having uninterrupted and constant power supply, working of various labs would be enhanced\", said one of the senior faculty member of AU. Apart from it, AU authorities despite paying an annual electricity bill of around Rs 1 crore 20 lakhs, also spends over Rs 15 lakhs annually as the cost of diesel being incurred for running various generators, installed in its different campuses.\"Now we will be paying the funds, asked by the Railways, after which the stranded work will be again restart and day is not far when AU will have its own dedicated power line\", said the Finance Officer of AU, CA Pramod Kumar Singh.Having our own power line will help us tremendously as now on all of us can conduct our practicals uninterruptedly which is not possible under condition of frequent power breakdown as some of the practical runs continuously for hours together\", said Associate Professor at department of Biochemistry S I Rizvi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "12988697", "title": "Politics over tribal woman's death: BJP to file PIL to counter Shiv Sena", "text": "THANE: The water woes in Mokhada and the death of an adivasi woman while fetching water in the scorching heat two weeks ago seems to have caught the fancy of political parties with each one trying to outdo their rivals on this issue.Shiv Sena's initiative to fill up dry wells in the rocky terrain with water brought from tankers is being countered by BJP, which plans to drag the state authorities to the court blaming it for the death of the adivasi women.The rural unit of the BJP is set to file a PIL against the state government arguing that \"indifference and neglect\" by the authorities resulted in the death of Parvati Jadhav (37) from Dolare village in Mokhada. The mother of five children walked five km in the heat to get water and was killed in a stampede around a tanker.\"We will file a PIL against the state andseek court orders to register offences against state chief secretary and additional collector in-charge of Jawahar and Mokhada under Section 306 of IPC for causing the death,\" said Babaji Kathavle, BJP's Mokhada unit chief.He said the party leadership will demand a white paper from the state government on the water scarcity in Thane, seeking details of projects carried out by the authorities. and to identify the schemes which \"The authorities spent crores on piped water schemes but most of these schemes are only on paper as the implementation is faulty. We would like the state to inform us about the number of such projects here and how many of them are in operation,\" said Kathavle.He said the tribal region is rich in natural resources and water for Mumbai city is sourced from the lakes in the adivasi heartland but the locals are deprived of their just demand for adequate drinking water.The district administration, however, said close to 80% of the drinking water schemes introduced in the tribal talukas are out of order as the locals default on payment of water bills. The water mains are not maintained properly causing leakages and disruption of services and in some cases unpaid electricity bills, exceeding Rs 20,000, have resulted in disconnection of power supply to submersible water pumps.Of the 23 state-sponsored pied water schemes introduced in Mokhada, as many as 17 have been rendered useless due to neglect by the users, an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12988752", "title": "Tanker mafia exploiting drought situation: Nitesh Rane", "text": "MUMBAI: A political slugfest has broken out over the drought situation in Maharashtra. An estimated 2,000 water tankers ply the lanes of Lokhandwala Complex in Andheri each day, just a fraction of the number that operates citywide.\"The drought has turned into a goldmine opportunity for the tanker mafia,\" alleged Congress minister Narayan Rane's son and Swabhimaan Sangathana president Nitesh Rane. He added that operators had appointed brokers in Satara, Sangli and Solapur to sell water at higher rates to poor villagers.\"Mumbai is the financial headquarters of the trade. Tanker owners are spreading their tentacles and charging exorbitant sums to impoverished villagers who have no recourse but to pay. I have apprised the state minister for water supply, Laxman Dhoble, of the situation,\" Rane said. Dhoble said he would look into the matter.Rane's statement hints at a political counter-argument to the Shiv Sena. The party's youth wong, Yuva Sena, has initiated a drive to supply tankers to rural Thane by inviting public contributions. Unfazed by criticism, Yuva Sena's Vihang Sarnaik said they had provided water to 7,000 villagers in two days. \"We are providing the basic amenity that the government has failed to do,\" he said.- Bella Jaisinghani", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12988781", "title": "'May 8 be declared national holiday to observe Tagore's 150th birth anniversary'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Left Front members stole a march from their Trinamool Congress counterparts when they demanded that May 8 be declared a national holiday to commemorate the 150th birth anniversary of Nobel laureate and doyen of Bengali literature Rabindranath Tagore. The move got BJP, SP and BSP's support.\"Tagore was not just a poet, an author or a painter but a versatile genius and a multifaceted personality. He fought the British imperialism's attempts to divide the country and united the people across the country,\" senior CPI(M) leader Basudeb Acharia said during Question Hour.When he and his party colleague, Saidul Haque, demanded that May 8 be declared a holiday as national-level celebrations were being held to mark Tagore's 150th birth anniversary, members of BJP, including Yashwant Sinha, and those from SP, BSP, Left and some other parties stood up in support.However, a few members of the Trinamool, who were present in the House at that time remained conspicuously silent, although the party was keen on the proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12988730", "title": "IIM start-up training module for 2.5 lakh villagers with Rs 15-lakh film", "text": "RANCHI: IIM Ranchi will teach business management to over 2.5 lakh people in 5,000 villages of the state. Titled \" Barefoot Managers Certificate Programme\", the unique educational project that is beginning in July has been devised for micro entrepreneurs, unemployed youths, panchayat officials and even illiterate people.It is a movie(video)-based 15-day certificate course. As it aims to cover over 2.5 lakh villagers, the programme will continue till 2015. The second schedule of shooting for the movie began on Thursday while the first one was over last month.\"Villagers in Jharkhand are a force with potential. Our educational programme is aimed at channelling their potential towards a fruitful endeavour,\" said IIM Ranchi director M J Xavier.\"Group transformation through individual endeavour is the theme of the movie. By micro-level practical business operation, we will demonstrate to villagers how poor traders turn big businessmen,\" said Vijay Prakash Anand, director of the movie.With his cast and crew, Anand was in tribal-dominated Sharna village, 25-odd km away from Ranchi, to start shooting on Thursday. The total running time of the Rs 15-lakh movie is 200 minutes that will be divided into different sections.Experts from the B-school will travel to villages and bring educated persons like teachers, micro entrepreneurs and panchayat leaders to IIM Ranchi and train them in business establishment (starting), production, promotion, branding and building trust for the brand. \"These skilled leaders will then go to villages where IIM Ranchi will organize seminars on business management. After 15 days, the villagers will be declared trained,\" added Xavier.Both Mumbai-based and regional actors are acting in the film that tells how people start small businesses like grocery shops, motor repair shops and roadside stalls. It will also show how they make their businesses highly profitable even with constraints. \"Though many unemployed youths want to, only a few become successful in starting a business. It is because they are afraid of failures. Once they are trained, they will gain confidence,\" said Xavier.Once the entire movie is shot, the IIM will hold talks with the state government to get the entire training programme sponsored. \"I will make presentations to the chief secretary and officers concerned to convince them of the importance of programme for villagers. If the government agrees to sponsor it, the training programme will be free,\" said a senior IIM Ranchi official. If the government does not sponsor it, the educational programme will cost Rs 500 for each participant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12990011", "title": "Madhya Pradesh widow sold to village in Rajasthan", "text": "BHOPAL: A widow from Morena was sold off by her friends and neighbours to a villager in Rajasthan and when a team of MP police went get her back on a complaint by her family the cops were beaten up by the villagers who said now, she had been sold to the village. The state police team made a hasty retreat and returned back without the woman.Superintendent of police, Morena Sanjay Kumar said that the state police is taking up the matter with the Rajasthan police.It is learnt that Seema Parihar, a resident of Keshav Colony in Morena was tricked by her neighbours who told her to accompany them to Kaela Devi temple in Karauli, Rajasthan. Midway through the journey on April 7 the accused allegedly sold her off to a man for Rs 60,000. Seema was a widow and mother of two children.She now lives in captivity as the wife of a farmer Kalli Meena, the man who purchased her.A police team from Madhya Pradesh travelled to Karauli village in Rajasthan on Tuesday to rescue her. But when they reached the village, the police team found itself surrounded by violent and armed villagers. Upon persistence to rescue the woman, the police party led by an SDOP was beaten-up and the men in khaki ran to save their lives.Police identified the three accused in the kidnapping case as Vijay Singh Rawat, Pittu and the victim's friend Munni Kushwaha. From Morena, they would board a bus and travel 132 km to the temple where they would spend a day or two and return.Rawat, Pittu and Munni returned to Morena without Seema. When four days passed, Seema's brother Santosh went looking for her. The alleged abductors claimed that Seema found a lover in Rajasthan and decided on her own to settle down with him. But the victim's brother did not believe that Seema could take such a step and abandon her two children. He travelled to Karauli and met her in Kaseda where Seema narrated the harrowing tale.Santosh headed straight to the office of the superintendent of police (Morena) Sanjay Kumar and registered a complaint. When the widow did not return home, her relatives filed a missing persons report. But when the brother came and said that the woman has been held in captivity, we required a search warrant for the village in Rajasthan,'' SP Sanjay Kumar told TOI. The SDM issued the search warrant and a team of a dozen policemen headed by SDOP Infas Ikka left for Rajasthan.In Kaseda, villagers stopped policemen and asked them to retreat. They argued that Seema was purchased and now belonged to their caste and village. They were violent and the local police could not help,'' SP said.The villagers were so violent, our team decided to come back without the woman. However, it is now verified that the woman was kidnapped, sold and is now being held captive. It is a clear case of human trafficking. So far a case of kidnapping under section 366 was registered against the mediators but now the case will be of human trafficking. We have got in touch with the Rajasthan police and are stressing on a joint operation with them to rescue the woman.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12989032", "title": "Taiwan to soon open trade promotion centre in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: A trade promotion centre of Taiwan will soon be set up in the city. A delegation from Taiwan led by Wen Chyi Ong, representative of Taipei Economic and Cultural Centre, met state commerce and industries minister Partha Chatterjee at Writers' Buildings on Thursday.Taiwan will soon open a trade promotion centre in the city - and it will come up on Park Street.The team from Taiwan met other senior officials to discuss investment opportunities in West Bengal at length. Sectors like petrochemicals, auto hub, power, iron and steel, infrastructure development, engineering goods, leather, food processing, gems and jewellery, machine tools, polysilicon, chip production, hardware telecommunication, hardware, semi conductor devices, consumer electronics and so on were discussed.Ong said that they were keen on exploring opportunities in West Bengal. He added that there is immense scope to increase bilateral trade and investment flows.Ong said that the centre will come up at Park Street. \"Taiwan is looking at West Bengal closely, especially the new administration,\" Ong added, adding that Taiwan is also diversifying into other areas from China and other Asean countries to India.Taiwan has presence in other states like Gujarat, Tamil Nadu, Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, and now they are looking at Bengal. \"The land is highly fertile here and the literacy rate is high. So, there is a prospect for enormous development,\" Ong said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12993778", "title": "Pt Viswa Mohan Bhatt and Salil's latest release", "text": "As the name says, this album highlights the importance of Indian classical music and the manner in which it gets carried from one generation to the next. This album features Grammy award winner Pt Vishwa Mohan Bhatt and his son, Canadian Grammy nominee Salil Bhatt.Both father and son are world renowned artists and are creators of Mohan Veena and Satvik Veena. Both these artists are known as dynamic and flamboyant performers and their music is a reflection of the extensive amount of travelling they have done all over the world in around 75 countries holding the Indian flag of music art and culture high.The first raga they have played is ' Vachaspati' , a rare Karnataka scale brought out so aesthetically and brightly making it come alive with all its emotions and the spiritual energy. Vachaspati is a high energy raga and the way Pt Bhatt and Salil have presented it is indeed evoking instant energy flow in the listeners. The presentation is complete with a detailed Alaap, Medium and fast tempo compositions and wrapping it up with very high speed jhala in taal , the eternal 16 beat cycle.The second raga is Nat Bhairav, very popular morning raga which is discovered by the Bharat Ratna Pt Ravi Shankar , the guru of Pt. Vishwa Mohan Bhatt. This raga brings the morning tenderness and the feelings and energy attached with the morning, signifying the beginning of new life with start of each new day and the welcoming of the first rays of sunlight. The final short presentation of the Dhun Maand also known as Kesariya Balam is an ultimate treat for the listeners taking the listeners to the dry desert of Rajasthan, the state to which Pt Bhatt and Salil belong to. It beckons the listeners to come to Rajasthan with its quintessential Padharo Mhare Desh theme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12988343", "title": "4 held in 2 cases of land grab", "text": "CHENNAI: Central crime branch sleuths on Thursday arrested two people and launched a hunt for another for encroaching on the property of actor Vivek's relative in Noombal near Porur. One of the arrested is a DMK member who contested in the local body elections twice but lost, police said.Based on the complaint of R Selvakumar, a lawyer and brother-in-law of Vivek, the CCB registered a cheating case against DMK worker B Venkatesan (38), his brother B Jagan (32) and their cousin S Senthil (28). Venkatesan and Senthil were arrested and sent to judicial custody.In another incident, CCB police arrested E Vincent (47) and his sister E Mercy (32) of Alwarthirunagar near Valasaravakkam for preparing forged documents of a property owned by S P Nirmala of West Saidapet and trying to sell it to another person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12987614", "title": "Is 3rd floor just castle in air? SC must rule", "text": "Five years ago, Delhi was given a new master plan. This had been drafted after a spate of sealing and demolition orders, many issued by the then Chief Justice of Supreme Court. Soon after the new MPD 2021 was notified in February 2007, Supreme Court began adjudicating on many of the new planning tools suggested by the new master plan.In a nutshell, the issues before the apex court were matters which are constantly being worked upon by urban planning professionals in almost all cities - issues of redevelopment and enhancing infrastructure to cope with changing cityscapes and needs of citizens.In some ways, the apex court's eagle eye was welcomed by many urban professionals as a good development though some frowned at the judicial scrutiny as many urban development issues are complex and need a combination of solutions to throw up results and improvements in cityscapes. Matters which were being adjudicated included how high buildings could be allowed to be built, how infrastructure development could go hand in hand with conservation of historically valuable city assets, how pedestrians should be given due attention by the new redevelopment policies and how many of our traditional marketplaces need rejuvenation and revamping of safety standards.MPD 2021 also introduced another crucial aspect of planning - though the validity of the MPD is 20 years, it was proposed to be reviewed every five years. To achieve this end, it suggested methods of review and the setting up of task forces of professionals. That exercise is now on.However, the matters before Supreme Court are still undecided, in fact hardly argued or discussed at all.During the past five years, thousands of residential buildings have added a third floor. Ironically, all such constructions sanctioned under MPD 2021 have been formalized on the strength of an affidavit which each owner gives stating that her or she shall abide by the final judgment of Supreme Court when it is pronounced and that no equity shall be claimed if ultimately it is found that MPD 2021 suffers from infirmity, and that if demolition of unauthorized and/or impermissible construction is to be made, the same shall be carried out.So we now have a situation, five years after MPD 2021 was notified, of the city still waiting to hear whether it suffers from infirmity or not. And if it were found to be infirm, millions of square metres of built-up space will have to be demolished! When will be the matter be resolved? It's anyone's guess.Cities redevelop constantly and urban planners have the tough job of trying to balance between the past and future, trying desperately to project demand and to juggle with supply mismatches and improve the citizens' habitat while dealing with issues emerging out of changing transport systems, changing aspirations of citizens and a host of such matters .There are no sureshot solutions in city planning but this delay can only make matters more complex.(Sudhir Vohra is a well-known architect and urban planner)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-04"}
