{"city": "None", "code": "16623275", "title": "I like to blend in the crowd: Arjun Kapoor", "text": "After shedding oodles of weight, Arjun Kapoor, who proved himself to be a decent actor in his debut film Ishaqzaade, looks fit as a fiddle.Obviously, he appears much more confident as compared to the days when he was an assistant director. \"Getting people's love, respect and acceptance was the nicest part. Ishaqzaade did overwhelmingly well, much better than what I had expected,\" he says.Arjun currently has his hands full with Yashraj's Aurangzeb and Gunday , and Karan Johar's 2 States (film based on the book 2 States: The Story of My Marriage written by Chetan Bhagat). Ask Arjun about the film, and the actor jokes, \"Which State should I talk to you about?\" And he further adds, \"Let me finish Aurangzeb first and then I will talk about 2 States . \"But yes, I am very happy and excited about doing 2 States because it is a great material. When I read the book I could immediately relate to the main protagonist. It has a certain mirror quality to what I am in real life. I am also very straight-forward, controlled, balanced, a bit quiet and I like to blend in the crowd. That is exactly what the boy in the book is. He is not flamboyant and wanting to get noticed all the time. I too am not someone who demands attention or wants to be the centre of attraction. I like these qualities in the boy in the book. Also, it is a very universal subject - conflict of caste in marriage. It is prevalent and it will remain prevalent in our country. I relate to the character and I know that people will also relate to it and will find it interesting to watch.\"Currently, Arjun is shooting for Aurangzeb in which he plays a double role. \"It is a very contemporary subject set in the present age and the effort is to make me look as different from Parma (his character in Ishaqzaade ) as possible. What excited me is that our characters are like chalk and cheese. Vision, performance and dynamics of the film is completely different from my first film,\" says Arjun, who will have Ranveer Singh as his co-star in Gunday . \" Gunday is everything you want to see in a Hindi film. I have grown up watching and enjoying such films. It is a typical commercial, Hindi masala entertainer,\" he signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16621464", "title": "Three special trains to cater to festive season rush", "text": "RANCHI: The Ranchi railway division has announced three Durga Puja special trains from Ranchi to accommodate the huge demand for berths in trains in the festival. The railway headquarters recently approved the request for special trains sent to it by the Ranchi division. The rakes for the new trains are also ready. The booking for Ranchi-Saharsa-Ranchi train would begin on Monday, sources said.Special trains for Saharsa and Katihar in Bihar and Yeswantpur in Bangalore to cater to the rush during the festival season have been announced. The berth crunch has also hit the puja special Hatia-Yesvantpur train bookings for which began around a week ago. A railway official said there has been a huge rush for railway bookings for the festival season.\"The train is packed for four days,\" said a source at the reservation counter. The Hatia-Yeswantur puja special train has 16 bogies.The Ranchi-Saharsa-Ranchi train would be of weekly service. It would continue till November 27. The other special train is the Ranchi-Katihar-Ranchi train booking for which would start on October 3. The service of this train would begin on October 4 and continue till November 29.The Jharkhand Passengers' Association (JPA) has decried the announcement of only a few special trains.\"Three trains are not sufficient to cater to the huge demand of passengers. All passengers cannot afford to travel by air. In such a scenario they are going to miss the festivals at home,\" said JPA vice-president Ashok Nagpal.\"The railways must have announced special trains for Delhi, Kolkata, Pune and Patna also,\" he said.DRM G Malays said demands are huge on all routes. \"We have decided to add additional bogies to the Pune-Hatia Super-fast Express, Garib Rath for Delhi, Ranchi Rajdhani Express, Ranchi-Patna Jansatabdi Express, Hatia-Howrah Express and several othertrains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16621256", "title": "Father critical after being 'knocked down' by daughter's lover", "text": "NASHIK: A 45-year-old man, Sanjay More, of Anusaya Nagar on Takli Road is critical after he was knocked down by a car which his daughter eloped in with her boyfriend on Friday.Sanjay More was knocked down in the Anusaya Nagar, at around 8.30 pm when he found that his girl was eloping with her boyfriend. Meanwhile,An offence of attempt to murder has been registered against the girl's boyfriend - Deepak Shah (25).Bhadrakali police said that as per the complaint lodged by Sanjay's wife Lalita More, the accused was eloping with her daughter, Poonam More (21) in an Indica from their residence. When Sanjay saw the two driving away, he tried to block them, but the accused ran over him and fled. Sanjay, who had suffered a head injury, was still unconscious and was being treated at Wockhardt hospital, cops said.Poonam is a Class IV zilla parishad employee at the health department employed in the Zilla Parishad's Health Department at Chandwad as a class IV employee is reportedly inand was in a relationship with the accused who is a resident of the Old Nashik area, cops said, adding that this was the couple's second attempt to elope.The Police further informed that he sells cassettes or CDs and DVDs in the Main Road area. About seven to eight months back there was a similar attempt by the girl and her boyfriend to flee away, since her parents were against their relationship. However, Poonam was brought home by her parents from the Manmad Railway Station.This time, however, there are no reports about the girl and her boyfriend. Further investigations are underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16619442", "title": "Tracking monsoon withdrawal: Air moisture drops", "text": "BHOPAL: Monsoon that has withdrawn from Rajasthan, is gradually withdrawing from over Madhya Pradesh. Officials of the meteorological department Bhopal circle said that air moisture has reduced and withdrawal of monsoon would be declared only if there is no activity for at least five continuous days.Monsoon activities are over in places like Guna and Ratlam districts neighboring Rajasthan, it is yet to be withdrawn from other places, the weathermen added.However, the weather office also rules out possibility of rain at majority of places in the state including Bhopal.Meanwhile, minimum and maximum temperatures continue to hover around the normal mark. Bhopal recorded a maximum temperature of 33.5 degrees C against a minimum temperature of 22.0 (+1) degrees C.More rains are unlikely in the state as the wind direction has changed to north and north-easterly, the weathermen said, adding that a fresh system developing over the Bay of Bengal could only have a slight impact only in east MP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16620719", "title": "'Irrational use of medicines rampant'", "text": "KOLKATA: A prescription audit carried out by CUTS, a consumer movement society, revealed a shocking picture of irrational use of medicines by the city doctors. About 98.03% prescriptions were found to be irrational, while only 1.96% bore the testimony of rational use of drugs.The survey revealed that most irrationally prescribed drugs were antibiotics, NSAIDs, PPI (proton pump inhibitors), H2 blockers, vitamins, antipsychotics and antihistaminic (allergic). The study, carried out in private hospitals and nursing homes, revealed that only a few hospitals had mechanisms for monitoring the compliance to rational use of drugs (RUD).Such irrational use of drugs has long-lasting impact on human body, making it immune to the drug, particularly antibiotics, besides the side effects, said Prithviraj Nath of CUTS, who conducted the survey.The study also laid bare the nexus between the doctors and pharmaceutical companies. Twenty out of 50 pharmaceutical firms were found to have sponsored events, workshops for doctors. The expenditure on gifts, seminars is added to the price of medicines. The study revealed that doctors often prescribe expensive medicines, in spite of availability of cheaper versions in the market.Reacting to the survey, the minister of state for health Chandrima Bhattacharya, said, \"The right to health is a fundamental right of every citizen of this country and no entity can infringe upon that right.\" She added that from October 2, fifteen fair-price medicine shops will be operating to facilitate the sale of low-priced generic medicines to common people. \"Eventually, there will be 35 such shops in the state,\" she had said at a seminar jointly organized by CUTS and the department of health and family welfare recently.Sanghamitra Ghosh, managing director, West Bengal Medical Services Corporation Ltd, expressed serious concern over pricing of medicines. \"We have to be careful that high prices of medicines and services should not lead to oppression and exploitation, especially of the ordinary consumers.\" She also stressed on the low awareness levels of most stakeholders and said that civil society should play an important role in improving the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16618435", "title": "Two tiger skins with bullet marks seized from Chhindwara", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as Madhya Pradesh is striving hard to regain its lost tag of tiger state, the seizure of two tiger skins by Seoni police on Sunday has rocked the forest department. Shockingly, one of the three arrested persons is a forest guard and secretary of the employees union.With the latest detection, 64 tigers have died in the country since January, including 13 due to poaching. \"It is really embarrassing for the authorities that several poaching cases are being exposed during the red alert,\" an official said.The skins with bullet marks were seized on Saturday but the matter was kept under wraps by the police. One skin was seized from Seoni, 129km from Nagpur, while another skin was confiscated from Chhindwara, 125km from Nagpur. The price of the two skins is pegged at Rs 30 lakh in the international market.The three accused, all residents of Chhindwara, have been identified as Matin Mohammed Khan (35), Salim Khan (49) and Avinash Bavetra alias Bittu (31). Matin is the forest guard and secretary of employees union, while Salim is his relative. Both Salim and Avinash are property dealers.Acting on a tip-off, a team under Seoni subdivisional police officer (SDPO) Siddartha Bahuguna laid a trap by sending in bogus customers to meet the accused. The arrested trio was arrested in Seoni for trying to sell one of the skins for Rs 4 lakh.\"During interrogation, they confessed to having one more tiger skin in their possession. We sent another team to Chhindwara and seized the skin. Both skins have bullet marks,\" said Bahuguna. \"We are trying to ascertain whether the accused are traders or poachers,\" he added.Both the skins are suspected to belong to sub-adult tigers who may have been 6 to 8 months old when poached. The skins have been sent for forensic examination.Bahuguna suspects that the accused are part of a major poaching ring. There has been a spurt in tiger poaching cases in neighbouring Maharashtra too, especially in Chandrapur district. In September, half a dozen poachers were arrested in Chandrapur district in connection with the poaching of two tigers.However, Bahuguna said that the culprits have not yet revealed whether they operated in Maharashtra. \"We will also probe where the body parts of the two poached tigers were disposed of,\" the police official said.On May 25, the Chhindwara forest department officials had nabbed an 11-member gang of poachers belonging to Pardhi community with a metal trap near Linga, 110km from Nagpur, outside Pench tiger reserve in Madhya Pradesh.A wildlife expert on the condition of anonymity said that the Chhindwara side of Pench seems to be turning into a favourite hunting ground for poachers as there are reports of good tiger dispersal on this side.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16619860", "title": "Water boon to shower on sec 53-56", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Around 80,000 residents of the city's third phase including sectors 53, 54, 55 and 56, will soon get uninterrupted water supply. The engineering wing of the Chandigarh Municipal Corporation is going to expand the Sector 52-based waterworks, with a view to increase its capacity, so that the above-mentioned sectors get better water supply.The MC is going to spend Rs 15 crore on the project and four MGD water will be supplied to these four sectors on a daily basis. There are large housing societies in sectors 53, 54, 55 and 56 and residents living on the upper storeys always complain of water shortage, as water doesn't reach their floors. Complaints of poor water supply have been received not just during peak summers, but in other seasons too. Giving details, Harinder Singh, executive engineer of MC's public health wing said, \"We have got approval to extend the capacity of the existing waterworks in Sector 52. As we have the area, extra machinery, water tanks and other equipment will be installed there to supply water to four more sectors. Presently, we are generating four MGD water for five sectors, but with the installation of new machinery, we will get four MGD more for feeding four new sectors.Thus the waterworks will supply eight MGD water to residents on a daily basis.\" Sources in the engineering wing informed that the population of these four sectors is around 80,000 and the expansion work of the waterworks will take one year's time to complete. There is a huge water shortage problem in the southern sectors, mainly in the sectors of the third phase and the situation gets critical every summer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16619003", "title": "Bio-diversity meet: India\u2019s pledge remains on paper", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two decades ago, when the Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) officially took shape in Rio de Janeiro , India was among the first few countries to jump on board. Its agenda? To protect the country's expansive biodiversity, complete with flora and fauna, from illegal `invasions'. Ever since, all through the 10 Convention of Parties (CoP) of the CBD held at venues across the globe, India has remained a loyal member of the convention and is now hosting the next chapter (CoP-11) beginning today in Hyderabad. But has this commitment to the treaty remained confined to a piece of paper? The answer is an unfortunate yes , say environmentalists and experts.While Indian dignitaries, all through the 19-day event, are likely to flaunt the country's massive `bio' wealth that includes an expansive coastline, dense forests and rare breeds of cattle, the fact remains that each of this is faced with a threat of extinction. India's forests are being ruthlessly felled and cattle farmers left to struggle for a livelihood. \"Though there are provisions like biodiversity authorities, biodiversity registers and farmer seed protection committees, all of them are non-functional. Nobody is doing anything to protect the intellectual property of poor communities,\" said Sunita Narain, director general of Centre for Science and Environment. According to Narain, India's agenda at the upcoming CoP-11 should be to ratify the Nagoya Protocol (formulated during CoP-10 in Japan), adopted to allow access and benefit sharing (ABS) of biodiversity among member countries of CBD. The objective is to bring in farmers and grassroots communities to the fold and share with them the benefits of ABS. \"As the host nation, it should also persuade other members to ratify the same,\" she said.But a mere signature is not the solution, environmental experts maintain. It is the implementation that is crucial, and India has so far failed miserably in that area. While one of the highlights of the 2010 protocol was a clause that made it mandatory for a national government to obtain 'free and prior informed consent' of communities before allowing other countries access to their biodiversity, it has not been followed in India. \"The country has very weak bio-safety laws. Communities protecting and conserving the genetic biodiversity are ignored. Access and benefit sharing sans this clause, is hardly beneficial. Biodiversity cannot be used for monetary gains,\" said Sagari R Ramdas of 'Anthra' who has extensively researched issues on livestock and people's livelihoods. She hopes that the government takes a stronger stand on this clause during CoP-11.Experts like P M Bhargava, however, feel that the country should close its doors completely on sharing of raw material. Instead, it's the finished products that should be exported, the former vice-chairman of the National Knowledge Commission adds stressing the need to protect local species of plants, animals and marine creatures. Stating an example, he said, \"We have a vast growth of medicinal plants and roughly 40,000 plant-based drug formulations. Instead of allowing countries access to the plants, we should market the drugs. It will not just earn us more revenue but also help us preserve our biodiversity.\"Another area that experts feel Indian authorities should pay more attention to during its CoP deliberations is its coastline that has been robbed of its wealth, thanks to the many mining scams and loosely-drafted policies. \"The mangroves, which are a huge asset for India, are under threat. There is consistent erosion and no decision on just how much fishing should be allowed here. Such issues need to be addressed for India to establish itself as a country serious about protecting its biodiversity,\" said Sumaira Abdulali, convener of Mumbai-based Awaaz Foundation which will highlight the problem of sand mining at the global summit. She added, \"The problem in India is that we continue to push for development at the cost of degrading the environment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16619505", "title": "Pay electricity bills easily via machines", "text": "NOIDA: Paying power bills may soon become easier for Noida consumers as Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) has begun work on an ambitious project of installing 10 automatic bill payment machines in commercial locations of the city and at its customer care centres. Consumers can deposit their bills at these automatic machines at any time of the day after punching in their connection numbers.Consumers will have to pay Rs 10 as service charges for every transaction made through these machines. The machines will also have cheque drop facilities.\"Under the present system, consumers of one division cannot deposit bills at payment counters belonging to other divisions,\" said a senior UPPCL official. \"Through these machines, consumers of any town in the state, which is covered under the Restructured-Accelerated Power Development and Reforms Programme (R-APDRP), would be able to pay their bills at any location in the city,\" added the official.The power corporation decided to install these machines after transferring all consumer data on to a central server based in Lucknow. The data transfer operations were completed last month under the first phase of implementation of the R-APDRP.UPPCL officials said that a committee has been formed comprising senior officials of the department to study various aspects of the mode through which cash would be transferred from these machines to the account of the power corporation. A Russian company would install these machines in Noida. \"A presentation on how these machines work was given by the company last month,\" added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16620787", "title": "Engineer\u2019s wife killed in mishap near Anna University", "text": "CHENNAI: The 18-year-old wife of a civil engineer died and he sustained severe injuries when a concrete mixer vehicle hit their two-wheeler from behind on the Gandhi Mandapam flyover near Anna University on Sunday morning.Around 7.15am, police said, Prakash, 24, and his wife Priya were going to Marina Beach when their vehicle was struck. In the impact, Prakash lost control of the two-wheeler and the two were thrown to the ground.A few motorists on the flyover rushed the couple to Government General Hospital. Priya, who sustained an injury to the head, died without responding to treatment, while Prakash sustained serious injuries below the hip and is undergoing treatment.Police said Priya and Prakash had eloped just five days ago and got married.\"The concrete mixer vehicle was returning to Thiruvanmiyur after finishing a work near Gunidy,\" said an investigation officer.The Adyar traffic investigation police registered a case and arrested the driver of the concrete mixer, Karrupasamy, 25, of Sengottai, for driving in a rash and negligent manner and causing death.Sources said that the place where the accident occurred was among the most accident-prone in the city with at least 10 accidents, both fatal and non-fatal, being recorded along it on an average every month. Most of the victims were two-wheeler riders, the sources said.Officials said there was a lack of proper illumination on the flyover. The absence of reflectors on the flyover was another reason for the increase in accidents, particularly at night, they said.Moreover, most drivers tend to cross the flyover at high speeds and apparently lose control over the vehicle, the officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16620259", "title": "Infotainment videos keep mahouts' kids hooked", "text": "MYSORE: Children of mahouts may have shown interest in learning yoga. But what is making them to attend the sessions regularly? It is the entertaining videos that are shown to them after the yoga classes.Before giving yoga lessons, instructor Santhosh Kumar C A promises to screen videos of cartoons and animation movies to the children. According to him, children would not have come regularly for yoga classes had it not been for these videos. \"That being the case, I came up with this idea to make them sit throughout the class. What's more our guru Raghavendra Pai too has agreed.\"This is the second consecutive year that Santhosh is taking yoga classes for the mahouts' children. \"Grabbing their attention is a task. Classes must not be monotonous, they have to be made interesting in one way or the other. The audio-visuals make the learning interesting,\" he claims.Santhosh carries his \"mobile theatre\" - a laptop and a set of good speakers -- everyday to the camp. After an hourlong yoga session, children will be made to watch the animations of different asanas which are taught in the class. The other videos include English alphabets, rhymes, functions of human body and hygiene. This apart, clippings of Tom and Jerry, funny videos and those related to the taming of wild animals and funny videos are also shown.Hygiene in focus\"Through the rhyme 'Brush your teeth', I make them understand how important it is to maintain cleanliness,\" he said, adding that he has been seeing positive changes among the children.Suresh, 11, said that it is for the first time that he is seeing a laptop. \"I enjoy watching Tom and Jerry and other videos.\" Echoing the same, Sushmitha, 4, said that she liked videos on taming of animals, especially lions.Santhosh has plans to screen the animations of Ramayana, Mahabharata and other videos using a projector. \"There are around 25 children, and all of them cannot watch videos on small screen. We will speak with the authorities about it,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16621473", "title": "First Staff Selection Commission examination in Jharkhand peaceful", "text": "RANCHI: Except for a few minor hitches, the first Staff Selection Commission (SSC) Examination of the state was conducted peacefully.Around two lakh aspirants had filled the forms for 1,300 posts and over 80% of them appeared in the examination. Minor problems were observed in Jamshedpur and Gumla where the candidates went to the examination centre with old admit cards despite advertisements asking them to download new ones.SSC ( Jharkhand ) chairperson CR Sahay said, \"Due to irregularities in the admit card issued earlier we had to reissue them and so we gave notices in all the newspapers about downloading the new admit cards from the website. Still if the students did not pay attention it is not our fault.\"In Koderma the examinees boycotted the examination and burnt answer booklets on the grounds that the number on question booklets an OMR sheets did not match. But Sahay said, \"It has been clearly mentioned in the instructions that it is not necessary that both the numbers match. Nothing, however, can be done if people are bent on creating nuisance.\"The examination was overall peaceful, said Sahay. \"I am happy that the examination was conducted for the first time and it passed off peacefully. There were a few rumours about question papers being leaked but on inquiry we found out that it wasn't true.\"Even the candidates where happy with the examination. Priyesh Ranjan, an examinee, said: \"There were 120 questions of three marks each. But as there is negative marking of four marks on every wrong answer, I did not attempt a few questions. Overall the questions where easy, specially those on general knowledge.\"Some candidates complained about the small font of the questions, though. Sunny Kumar, an examinee, said: \"The fonts were really small and some of my time was wasted on reading the questions correctly. But as the questions were not very tough, I can't complain much.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16620626", "title": "Hinjewadi Information Technology park to get better roads", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) has awarded tenders for widening and repairs of roads and construction of new roads in Hinjewadi, where the Rajiv Gandhi Information Technology Park is located.Around 1.5 lakh people visit the location everyday, of which 70,000 are IT professionals. The annual IT export of the Hinjewadi Park is over Rs 2,000 crore.Ulhas Kulkarni, executive engineer (IT), MIDC, told TOI: \"The MIDC will construct two new roads at a cost of Rs 53 crore and will spend additional Rs 21.25 crore on widening and repairing of existing roads. Currently, there are only two routes which are mostly used by the IT professionals to reach here. The new roads will reduce the traffic load.\"The Hinjewadi Industries Association (HIA), which represents the companies located in the IT park, was pressing for road construction and improvement of the existing roads.In the last two years, minimum three major residential projects near the IT park were announced and the traffic of heavy vehicles carrying construction equipment, material and labour had increased, further deteriorating the road condition.The situation improved two years ago after thousands of IT professional signed an online petition protesting against the damaged roads. MP Supriya Sule later held rounds of meetings with the HIA and MIDC officials. Tenders were floated and new roads were proposed, which were speedily approved by the MIDC as well as other government agencies.Commenting on the development, HIA vice-president Unmesh Bhathija said, \"The phase III of the IT park is getting functional as three companies have started shifting their office to the new location. The road development and improvement work had slowed down, which resulted in heavy traffic jams near phase II and III. The MIDC's plans are good, and it will be better if they are executed at the earliest.\"A small patch from Wakad bridge to Shivaji chowk was recently widened by the MIDC, which has eased the traffic congestion to certain extent.The existing roads from Wakad and Wakad police chowky connect the IT park to Pimpri Chinchwad and Pune municipal corporation limits. There is a mud and soil road from Wakad police chowky to Vinode vasti, a hamlet on the fringe area of the IT park. The MIDC has decided to reconstruct a 1.75 km-road connecting Wakad police chowky road to Tata junction in phase II.It will be a 36m wide road with a total budget of Rs 25 crore, including cost of land acquisition.Kulkarni said, \"The entire procedure of land notification for acquisition and addressing grievances of the affected has been completed and soon the price will be finalized. Funds have been sanctioned and road construction will start within two months. This road will divide traffic load coming from Pimpri Chinchwad area.\"The second proposed road connects Pashan-Sus road to Phase III of the IT park via Chande phata. There is a makeshift road here and a new road will be constructed with help of Pune zilla parishad and state public works department. Total length of the road is 11 km and 70% of the construction is completed. The remaining work will be finished at the earliest, which will cater to IT professionals commuting from Pune. At present, large number of IT professionals travel down to Wakad bridge and reach their offices via Shivaji chowk. The Chande road will not only reduce the traffic congestion, but a large chunk of traffic will be diverted to the new route, Kulkarni said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16619226", "title": "East corporation still lacks basic infrastructure", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even six months after its formation, the East corporation doesn't have chairs and computers and printers. It's making do with chairs hired from a tenthouse and files continue to be cleared manually, with records not being updated on their website.\"We don't have a place to sit. We were accommodated on the first floor, but then health department officials were allotted the same space. We were forced to shift but have not been able to find alternative space. Without proper seating space and computers, work can't be done. We are just clearing files manually, but even that can't be done at times as there no proper workstations,\" said a building department official.Some officials said the canteen is serving as their office. They are getting their own laptops and internet datacard. As there is no internet connection, the ambitious e-governance project has also been stalled. All online services, including sanctioning of building plans, issuing of trade, factory and veterinary licences, have taken a hit. \"The East corporation is still dealing with teething problems. Tenders have been invited for the LAN system. As there is a disagreement between Wipro, the consultant, and Tech Mahindra, the project manager, over the estimates prepared by the latter, the proposal is stuck,\" said Y S Mann, director, press and information, East corporation.Officials were asked to get their workstations from the Civic Centre after they were posted to the East corporation. But they claim their computers have either been stolen or taken over by officials of North and South corporations. \"For the past two months, I have been chasing officials with my application that has details of my workstation. IT department officials say they are still looking for it. I have been without a computer since I was posted here, and my head of department is in the know,\" said a law department official.Commissioner S S Yadav acknowledged that the corporation is yet to get an internet connection. He said the proposal for installing LAN system is being finalized and the pending online applications will soon be cleared. \"At present, the heads of departments have been given MTNL datacards. For the LAN system, Tech Mahindra is making the estimates. Wipro has finalized the Rs 3.5 crore for the LAN installation project with five years' maintenance,\" said Yadav. The commissioner is of the view that all staff members doesn't need computers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16623046", "title": "Leonardo DiCaprio's kisses 'perfect'", "text": "Leonardo DiCaprio's latest co-star, Nichole Galicia, has heaped praise on the actor's kissing skills.The 37-year-old actor locked lips with co-star Nichole Galicia for new movie ' Django Unchained ' and she revealed the kiss was \"perfect\".\"It was everything you would imagine it to be. It was perfect,\" Nichole told E! News.\"He was more than nice. He was generous, he was humble and he was funny,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16621642", "title": "14-hour power cuts have led to erratic supply of drinking water", "text": "COIMBATORE: The supply of drinking water has hit new lows especially in newly added areas within corporation limits following the 14-hour power cuts in the region. Residents are forced to wait for at least two to three weeks for supply as pumping stations are unable to pump adequate water at regular intervals.Many residents are unable to go to work because of this water crisis. \"I could not go to work today because I had to fetch water,\" said N Kamaraj, a resident of Karapasamy Nagar who is a call taxi driver. To improve frequency of supply, a combined water scheme was implemented in Vadavalli which brought Athikkadavu water to the locality. However, the situation has only deteriorated with water being supplied once in 15 days when previously, it was once every eight days. Sometimes the water is of poor quality and residents are forced to fetch water from a tank in Veerakeralam, he added.M Thangavel, another resident of Vadavalli, says that officials seem indifferent to their grievances. \"Every time we approach the authorities, they promise improved supply but nothing happens,\" he said.About 3 lakh litres of water is being supplied daily to 600 houses in the area. However, due to power cuts, regular supply has been disrupted, said a pump operator here, who did not wish to be named. Earlier, bore well water was being supplied every second day. But now, it has become once in three days. \"We get drinking water only once in ten days when compared to once every five days previously,\" he said. The operator further said that even though the overhead tank has the capacity to fill 3 lakh litres, only 1.8 lakh litres is being pumped now.Veerakeralam residents have it the worst. They get water supply once in 25 days. \"We have no idea when the water will be supplied as it has become very irregular,\" said Shanmugham Priya, a government employee who resides in the region.Sundari, another resident at Mariamman Kovil street said that the authorities only give empty promises whenever they approach them with their grievances. \"We thought the situation would improve once we came under corporation limits. But this is not to be so and authorities blame the crisis on the power shortage,\" she said.R Mylsamy, councillor of ward 19 under which Veerakeralam falls said that the corporation announced that it would provide generators for the area but later it realized that the population was minimal and thus the back up was not viable. But he assured they were working on fixing the situation.\"We have to work full time and also fetch water for daily use which takes considerable time and effort. At least if there is a fixed supply schedule, things will be much easier for us,\" said V Kunjulakshmi, a resident of Madukkarai.When contacted, Iqbal, executive engineer, Tamil Nadu Water Supply and Drainage Board, denied irregularity of supply. He also said there was no hindrance due to the power crisis as the water supply is brought to the city through the gravitation system, which requires no electricity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16621003", "title": "CM for e-literacy in panchayats", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Terming technology crucial for the development of the state, Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi on Sunday pressed for computer literacy among panchayat members of the state. \"For the growth story of our state, you (panchayat mantris) are not only an integrated part, but an indispensable organ and if you would be computer illiterate, then it will create bottlenecks,\" Modi said while addressing a workshop of panchayat mantris (talatis) in Gandhinagar.\"If every talati mantri of Gujarat would be computer literate, then no force can bring our state down for next 100 years,\" he added. Terming technology as an \"expression of power\" , Modi said there will soon be a time when human life would not even be possible without technology.He also mentioned various initiatives like broadband connectivity to panchayats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16619234", "title": "Ponda's closed ras-omelet vendors want government jobs", "text": "PONDA: Alleging that the decision to stop ras-omelet kiosks has deprived them of their livelihood, several such roadside kiosk operators from Ponda have demanded government jobs in exchange for the business.\"The kiosks were our livelihood and as the government has ordered us to stop our business, we want government jobs,\" a kiosk operator, despite having crossed the age limit for entering government service, said.He said they have been running the business for over two decades and stopping it suddenly has deprived the kiosk owners of their livelihood. He said various families survive on income generated from the kiosks which helps educate their children and so the government must revise recruitment rules to make government jobs available to affected kiosk owners.Stating that food and drugs administration (FDA) has stopped their business alleging that kiosks do not maintain hygiene, another vendor said hygiene at roadside eateries is better than that of restaurants.\"We prepare the dishes in front of our customers and wash our dishes in their presence. This ensures cleanliness. If we had not maintained hygiene, customers would have never returned to our kiosks,\" the kiosk owner told TOI.FDA food inspector Rajiv Korde said the kiosks were shut down as they do not have the necessary licences necessary. \"They have been asked to stop business for want of the FDA licences. We have no objection to them running their business or issuing FDA licences to them, but to get our licence, they must submit local civic body and health authority permissions. No ras-omelet kiosk at Ponda has any of these licences,\" Korde said. Stating that action has also been taken against 'wada-pao' vendors and Chinese fast food vendors, Korde said the three Chinese fast food vendors have licenses.Ponda municipal council chief officer Pradeep Naik said the council has not yet prepared a policy regarding allotment of permission to kiosks, so the civic body cannot issue any permission. \"When there is such a policy in place, we can issue permissions. It is the council that should draft the policy,\" Naik said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16621217", "title": "Gandhi Jayanti: Gandhi Mandap in a shamble", "text": "GUWAHATI: Even as the state government boasts of its efforts to preserve historic monuments in the state, the sorry condition of the 42-year-old Gandhi Mandap, a two-storeyed structure located atop Sarania Hill in the city, speaks volumes of the negligent attitude of the authorities.The Mahatma Gandhi and Martyrs' Memorial Mandap or Gandhi Mandap was opened to people on October 2, 1970 by the then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi to disseminate the Mahatma's ideals and carry out research activities. But researchers no longer visit the library as it has been shut for a long time now due to lack of government staff. Mahatma Gandhi stayed in Sarania Hill when he came to Guwahati before Independence.\"We have one caretaker to look after Gandhi Mandap. He is the one who manages everything. However, state cultural affairs minister Pranati Phukan recently showed interest in reviving the monument,\" said Mrinal Gogoi, additional deputy commissioner of Kamrup (Metro).On Sunday, Gandhi Mandap's water reservoir went dry. \"Scarcity of water is a problem here. I am the only employee maintaining everything at Gandhi Mandap, including the park and the memorial. It is difficult for me to look after the museum inside the memorial and the surroundings of the building at the same time,\" said Vidya, the only government official who is looking after the mandap.Though the Kamrup (Metro) district administration is busy cleaning and painting the walls of the memorial ahead of Gandhi Jayanti on October 2, locals feel this zest on the part of the administration to renovate Gandhi Mandap will not last long. \"A single caretaker is looking after a research centre. You can gauge the commitment of the government towards preserving Gandhi Mandap,\" said Dulal Das, a resident of Sarania Hill.Former Union minister Renuka Devi Borkotoky said, \"Lack of funds has led to the neglect of Gandhi Mandap. We dreamt that the place would become a premier centre to teach Gandhian philosophy, but it is sad that the government doesn't even bother to provide enough employees to look after this memorial.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16624132", "title": "Film Farm\u2019s Savitri gets its lead in Yash Pandit", "text": "It was exclusively reported by TOI.com about the makers of Uttaran, Film Farm production, churning out for a show on Life OK, which will also mark the return of Angad Hasija and Riddhi Dogra to television.The latest detailed info is that this Life OK's show has been christened as Savitri. Though it is not a mythological show, the story is loosely based on the infamous saga of Satyavan-Savitri, where a wife strives hard to get her dead husband back to life.While Riddhi Dogra will essay Savitri, the handsome and suave Yash Pandit is paired opposite Riddhi and will play the character of Satya in the show. Yash was last seen in Star Plus's Tere Mere Sapne on Star Plus.On the hand, Angad Hasija will essay Satya's friend and is as equal to the lead.When contacted, Yash Pandit refused to comment on the same at the moment. If sources are to be believed then the makers are eyeing for a huge success with this big budgeted show.The show has already started its shoot and is expected to go on air by Diwali next month, November (2012).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16620658", "title": "Delhi Half Marathon: Bhangra cheers wheelchair-bound", "text": "NEW DELHI: There were elite international runners at the marathon, but those who participated in the wheelchair event seemed to have the maximum fans. Even before the 231 participants reached the start line, a group of dancers surrounded them doing bhangra to the beats of a dhol, while viewers cheered loudly from the sidelines.Major participation came from the Special Olympics Bharat, an organisation that works with over 9 lakh special athletes across the country. Though the organization works with people with all kinds of disabilities, the marathon only had those with intellectual disabilities, low IQ, Downs Syndrome, learning disabilities , of different types and degrees.\"Intellectual disability is limited to special schools, and while the awareness among the community is high, there's no focus on inclusivity in society,\" said Special Olympics Bharat chairperson, Air Marshall Denzil Keelor. Their involvement in the marathon, he said, was an awareness exercise to facilitate the participants' interaction with others via sports.Sandeep Gulliya, who coached the runners and also has mild intellectual disability, said running is a way for him to feel free. Amit Saxena, a medical social worker at Prateek special school \u2014 many of whose students participated at the marathon \u2014 said it's a great way for kids to have an outing. \"It's about social interaction which can be very therapeutic ,\" he said.First time participant Neeru Gautam , executive director of Sanjivani India, said she wanted people to know that being on a wheelchair doesn't mean you are handicapped. \"We are also mobile, only the mode of mobility is different,\" she added. She has a progressive and incurable spinal disorder due to which she has been wheelchair bound since 1994.There were also many familiar faces at the event this time, including 21-year-old Arpit Khansili who had participated for the sixth time this year. Since he had jaundice at birth, he cannot talk, and uses a walker for mobility. However, he had come prepared with a note that he had typed using a communication board. Through the note, he had requested people to treat him with respect, instead of looking at him with sympathy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16620411", "title": "Intensive tax collection drive comes to an end", "text": "KOCHI: The Kochi corporation's attempt to raise Rs 20 crore through the special tax collection drive ended on Sunday. But the local body could not collect more than Rs 14 crore. The special drive was carried out by opening counters in all 74 divisions.Corporation's revenue officer Abdul Majeed said the local body couldn't meet its target and it would prepare a list of defaulters.\"The next tax collection drive will be held after December,\" he said. The intensive tax collection drive was inaugurated on September 9. Mayor Tony Chammany inaugurated the drive by collecting property tax from Kochouseph Chittilappilly, noted industrialist, at his residence.The local body stated that during the first five months of this fiscal, they could collect Rs 12 crore as tax revenue. The corporation had targeted a revenue collection of Rs 32 crore for the first half of the current financial year.With the aim of collecting maximum revenue, the corporation ensured functioning of the counters even during public holidays. An order was issued to ensure that officials from revenue section report for duty without taking weekly off. It was stated that they could take compensatory off next month.Meanwhile, the local body informed that tax collection during the period of March-August was less compared to the corresponding period last fiscal. Last year, the civic body could collect bonus tax due to clearing of arrears.As part of plans to bring in unauthorized structures under tax ambit, the local body has formed special squads to identify such buildings in the city.The corporation has also announced the decision to list mobile towers which evaded tax. Though there are nearly 800 mobile towers functioning in various parts of the city, opposition councillors alleged that the corporation was clueless about their location and occupancy. It was pointed out that over the past 10 years, the revenue loss from mobile towers alone amount to Rs 16 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16619734", "title": "Three con shoppers stopped by cops", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An engineer and his two friends including an engineering student were arrested for using cloned credit cards to purchase goods worth Rs 13.77 lakh from various malls in the city.The shopping spree of this gang of three lasted for two days, said the crime branch officials. The accused had plans to sell the goods in Mumbai to earn quick bucks.The arrests were effected after a team of crime branch officials led by inspector H A Rathod and sub-inspector D S Korat received a tip-off about the trio using duplicate credit cards for shopping. On Sunday, the team got the registration number of the car used by the accused. On the basis of this, a police team was deployed near Anjali crossroads and intercepted the car. The trio was arrested with a number of expensive electronic gadgets stored inside the car.\"When we quizzed them about the purchases, they were quick to show us sale receipts. The trio was identified as Ankit Merchant, 23, a resident of Qureshinagar in Juhapura, Bhavik Shah, 22, a resident of Jodhpur crossroads, and Shantilal Mali, 27, a resident of Bhinmal in Jhalor district of Rajasthan,\" said K N Patel, assistant commissioner of police (cyber cell).While Ankit is an engineer and is partner in a data entry firm, Bhavik is currently a student of electronics and communication engineering at Nadiad and is also working at a call center in the city. Bhavik's father is a retired scientist of ISRO, Ahmedabad. Shantilal, said police, is the contact person of a Rajasthan-based gangster Hukamsingh Rao who is suspected to be the kingpin of the credit card cloning racket.During their interrogation, the accused confessed that they had purchased goods with the help of cloned credit cards. They also took the cops to their hideouts where they had stored their purchased goods.\"We have recovered seven high-end laptops of various brands like Lenovo, Sony, Apple, HP, 10 mobile phones including four iPhones, Samsung Galaxy S III, BlackBerry and two designer gold-plated watches. In addition, we got 33 credit cards of banks such as ABN Amro, Standard Chartered , ING Vysya, Kotak Mahindra, Citi Bank, ICICI, two blank credit cards and a bunch of duplicate identity cards such as PAN card and driving license to use the cards,\" said an investigator. Rajasthan connectionPolice said Hukamsingh Rao, a resident of Bhinmal in Rajasthan, who was earlier caught by city crime branch in connection with fake currency notes, came in touch with Shantilal and Ankit. \"We got to know that it was Rao who brought the cloned credit cards to the city and gave it to the accused for use,\" said an investigator., adding that they also stayed in a posh hotel on Judges Bungalow Road and roamed around in car so as not to raise any suspicion", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "16619179", "title": "Border Security Force forms new wing to combat terrorist activities", "text": "JAISALMER: The Border Security Force (BSF) has formed a new anti-terrorist commando force - Desert Scorpion - to deal with incidents of cross border intrusion in Rajasthan. The squad is armed with weapons like AK47 and also Maurer and LMG.According to sources, looking to the growing number of terrorist attacks at the international borders of the country and efforts to enter into the Indian border, challenges for security forces have increased. Thus, the need for a trained force was felt that can deal with terrorist incidents.To combat terrorist incidents in the Sir Creek sea areas of Gujarat, BSF's water wing has formed a 'Crocodile Commando Force'. On similar lines, a new special team Desert Scorpion has been formed to ensure security at the international border adjoining Rajasthan, sources said.Sources said the squad will have 30 commandos including an officer, two senior officers and 27 other commandos. All the commandos are aged below 35 years and are equipped with AK47, Insas, sniper trifle, LMG, AGL, 51 MG Mortar, hand grenade, 95 assault rifle and other cutting edge weapons. Advanced surveillance equipment like NVD, HHHI, GPS, Moterella set, CRF have also been provided to them. A six-week special training has been imparted to them to deal with all kinds of challenging situations.\"Looking to the various trespassing efforts by terrorists, a special commando squad has been made in every battalion and has been named Desert Scorpion. The force 30 commandos in all,\" Rajasthan frontier IG PC Meena said.EomJaisalmer: The Border Security Force (BSF) has prepared a new anti terrorist squad commando force -- Desert Scorpion -- to deal with incidents of cross border intrusion. The squad not only has weapon like AK47, but also Maurer and LMG.According to BSF senior official sources looking to the terrorist attacks at the international borders of the country from across the border and continuous efforts by terrorists to enter into Indian border, the challenges before the security forces have increased and looking to these perils, the jawans arebeing trained and need for trained force was felt that can deal with especially terrorist incidents.Sources said that to combat terrorist incidents at Sir Creek sea areas of Gujarat, BSF in its water wing has made 'Crocodile Commando force'. Based on the same lines, a new special team Desert Scorpion has been made to deal with terrorist stacks at the international border adjoining Rajasthan.Sources said that the commodes platoon will have total 30 commandos including an officer, 2 SO and 27 other commandos. The commandos aged below 35 years remain highly motivated that they are in position to deal with any challenge. These commodes are armed with AK47, Insas, sniper trifle, LMG, AGL,51 MG Mortar, hand grenade, 95 assault rifle and other modern weapons. These people have been provided with NVD,HHHI, GPS, Moterella set, CRF and other modern surveillance equipments. Special commando training for six weeks has been imparted in regard to every season and these commandos are ready to face any challenge and these Desert Scorpions are ready to demolish any terrorists.Confirming about forming Desert Scorpion, Rajasthan frontier IG PC Meena said that there is always a danger of terrorist incidents at the border area of Rajasthan. Looking to the efforts of intrusion of terrorists across the border, a special commando platoon has been made in every battalion and it has been named Desert Scorpion. The force has total 30 commandos and they are expert in dealing with terrorist incidents and at the time of such incidents, these commandos like scorpion spread in all the directions and attack the terrorists from all the sides and kill them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16619521", "title": "Shabby bus stops to don new look", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority has begun work on giving a new look to bus stops in the city that are currently in a bad state. In the first phase, work will be undertaken in October to revamp one dozen shelters along the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway.The Authority has already prepared a prototype of the shelters along the e-way and will undertake the work at a cost of around Rs 1.2 crore.Authority officials said that a tender was issued for the work on Thursday. \"Work is expected to commence in the second week of October after the contract is signed with the successful bidder,\" said senior Authority official, RS Yadav. \"The upgrading work is expected to be completed within a period of two weeks,\" added Yadav.Bus shelters in the city, particularly the six located on each side of the expressway, have been in a bad condition with rampant cases of theft of seats and broken tiles.\"The shelters along the expressway had been in particular need of maintenance because traffic movement has considerably increased after the opening of the Yamuna Expressway,\" said Yadav.Officials explained that shelters along the expressway had been chosen for maintenance work in the first phase keeping in view the F1 race ahead and the heavy traffic to be witnessed on the e-way during that period.The chairs to be installed at the shelters, according to Authority officials, are of a superior quality than the ones installed before. \"The chairs are made of non-corrigible steel with good girders. They would be fixed to the base of the shelter and it would be difficult to steal them,\" he added.Also, plastic dustbins encased within steel frames will be put up at the shelters. A particular colour code has been designed to be followed for each bus shelter. Sheets of silver, gold and yellow colours would be used in the construction of the shelters. Numbers of the call centre of the Noida Authority would also be inscribed at prominent places on the shelters.After completion of work on the 12 shelters along the e-way, work will be undertaken to revamp other bus shelters in different localities of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16619450", "title": "Study finds poor access to pain-relieving cancer drugs in India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Untreated cancer pain has become a global pandemic. Pain can affect as many as 64% of patients with metastatic, advanced or terminal phase disease, 59% of patients on anti-cancer treatment and 33% of patients after curative treatment.However, a global survey \u2014 conducted between December, 2010 and July, 2012, that came up with 156 reports submitted by experts in 76 countries and 19 Indian states \u2014 has revealed that several countries, including India, have failed to ensure adequate access to pain-relieving drugs.The new data, released during the Congress of the European Society for Medical Oncology on Saturday, paints a dismal picture of unnecessary pain on a global scale.The researchers found that very few countries provided all seven of the opioid medications that are considered to be essential for the relief of cancer pain. Those essential medications include codeine, immediate and slow release oral morphine, oral oxycodone and transdermal fentanyl.In many countries, fewer than three of the seven medications are available.In many of the countries, the medications that are available are either unsubsidized or marginally subsidized by government, and the availability is often limited.In addition, many countries have highly restrictive regulations that limit entitlement of cancer patients to receive prescriptions, limit prescriber privileges, impose restrictive limits on duration of prescription, restrict dispensing, and increase bureaucratic burden of the prescribing and dispensing process.The good news, however, is that morphine availability may soon be relaxed for medical use to help reduce acute and chronic pain suffered by terminally ill cancer and HIV patients.Even better, the increased availability will not just be for patients admitted in hospitals but also for those under home based care.The Union health ministry is working on amending the \"draconian and restrictive\" Narcotic and Psychotropic Act, 1985, that severely restricts availability of morphine \u2014 the cheapest and most effective painkiller , for fear of misuse. Dr M R Rajagopal, chairman of Pallium India and also part of the committee, says at least 20 lakh people need morphine but aren't getting it.Commenting on the study, Dr Carla Ripamonti from the National Cancer Institute of Milan said, \"Despite published guidelines and educational programs on the assessment and treatment of cancer-related pain, unrelieved pain continues to be a substantial worldwide public health concern in patients with solid cancers and hematological malignancies.\"\"According to the World Health Organization , the incidence of cancer was 12,667,470 new cases in 2008 and based on the projections it will be more than 15 million cases in 2020. These statistics suggest that cancer-related pain may be a major issue of healthcare systems worldwide,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16620392", "title": "Mobiles to blame for BSF suicides: Officer", "text": "KOLKATA: Mobile phones are to blame for rising suicides in the Border Security Force (BSF) as it lets the troopers know about problems in their families, at times causing intense depression, an officer said on Sunday.\"Unable to cope with the pressure at work and familial problems, often they are getting depressed,\" additional director general (east) B D Sharma said. \"Till August, 15 BSF personnel have committed suicide in the eastern theatre. Depression is the major reason. In a sense, the telecommunication boom can be blamed for the suicides,\" he said.\"You can't worry about something you don't know. That is what used to happen earlier when letters would take weeks to reach them. But with the advent of mobile they are now instantly aware of problems back home.\"In 2007, the number of BSF personnel committing suicide in the eastern theatre was 18. This slid to 15 the next year. The corresponding figures for 2009 and 2010 are 13 and 14 respectively.Last year, 21 troopers took their own lives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16618524", "title": "New norms for fixing auto fares finalized", "text": "NAGPUR: The state transport ministry has finalized the new norms for determining the fares of autorickshaws in the state. The government had appointed a committee under PMA Hakim, retired secretary of union government, in April 2012. The committee examined the recommendations given by auto unions, consumer activists and transport officials and then submitted a report to the government, which has been accepted.As per the new norms, the concept of minimum fare distance has been abolished even though auto and taxi unions had demanded that it be increased. Till now this distance was 1.6km in Mumbai and 1km elsewhere. Minimum fare distance means even if one travels less than this distance, one will have to pay the minimum fare. The committee has determined the minimum fare for Mumbai at Rs 14.The government has asked regional transport authorities (RTAs) to fix the minimum fare taking conditions in the area under their jurisdiction into consideration. The minimum fare should not exceed 1.5 times of normal fare. RTAs have also been asked to decide whether autorickshaws should be allowed to carry advertisements.Presently, the autorickshaw meter readings are calibrated to read every 200 metres distance travelled. Now this distance has been reduced to 100 metres. This will help the consumers from paying excess fare. For example if one travelled 5km and 98 metres then one paid fare for 5km and 200 metres. Now it will be for 5km and 100 metres.The autorickshaws will be required to have a laminated document showing the identity card of the driver, his registration number and vehicle number. Private agencies will be appointed to check whether this norm is being followed.While rounding off the final fare if the paise amount is less than 49 then it should be waived off. However, for 50 paise and above it should be Rs 1. Say if a commuter's fare is 30.48 paise then he will have to pay Rs 30 but if it is Rs 30.54 paise then the commuter's fare will be Rs 31.The excess fare for prepaid fares has also been determined. For the ones plying from airport: they will be 30% of normal fare up to 12km, 25% up to 25km and 23% for more than 25km. The excess fare for other locations is: 30% for up to 4km, 25% up to 12km, 23% up to 20km and 20% for over 20km.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16620457", "title": "40 deaths and no clue of illness cause", "text": "KANPUR: Doctors here are puzzled with no clue about the mysterious illness and high fever that has taken 40 lives recently. No expert of the National Vector Born Disease Control Programme was dispatched by Union Government this year to collect samples, unlike in 2008 and 2010. It might be noted here that nearly 516 deaths by an unknown illness were reported from the district in the 2008 and the total number of casualties due to the killer disease in 2010 was 530.This year nearly 89 malaria and five falciparem patients have been identified so far. The deadly disease has claimed 40 lives across 200 villages of Akbarpur, Rasoolabad, Bhognipur, Sikandara, Bara and Maitha blocks of the Kanpur Dehat.Health department is unaware of the exact nature of the disease. Though officials of the department claimed that the community and primary health centres (CHC and PHC) were equipped to handle emergency cases, the ground reality was different when team TOI visited the spot.\"The killer virus is at large and we are actually at a loss over how to tackle it,\" said a paediatrician on condition of anonymity at the district hospital of Kanpur Dehat.The hospital seems not fully equipped to deal with the situation as the number of patients suffering from fever and viral infection visiting the hospital continues to rise, he added.Savita Kumari (14) from Malasa village and Bulbul (10) from Dhar, undergoing treatment at the district hospital, were referred to hospitals of Kanpur early Sunday morning after their condition started deteriorating.While patients with malaria and falciparem malaria should be treated preferably on a separate bed and in hygienic surroundings, two to three patients are being treated on a single bed in the hospital and sometimes in the corridors of the premises.\"We have 70 beds in the ward and about 20 doctors to attend to them. The number of patients is no less than 200 to 300 at any given point in time. Situations worsen to such an extent that many a times patients have to share a bed. There are 23 staff nurses, four staff sisters, who attend to each and every patient, but there is a huge rush in the paediatric OPD,\" said another doctor anonymously.\"We are poor and don't have enough money to get our ward treated in private hospitals...we are at the mercy of God,\" said Vimlesh, a local of Pulanadar village, tears in his eyes.Khojaphool tehsil in Sikandara, Sidhamau in Akbarpur, Marag and Anwa in Maitha block, besides Shivli and Rasoolabad are the worst affected areas in the district and as many as 3,000 blood tests have been conducted at the district hospital.Some of the patients admitted to district hospital, said medicines administered to them were only giving them temporary relief as fever subsides for only two or three hours.Chief medical officer of Kanpur Dehat Dr Virendra Singh said deaths reported till date were not due to any mystery fever but were natural deaths.He said the situation was being monitored round the clock. He said he was in touch with doctors at the district hospital regularly. Singh said instructions had been given to the staff that if condition of any patient deteriorates, he should be referred to Kanpur or state capital, immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16620467", "title": "LPG dealers won't stop home delivery", "text": "BANGALORE: LPG consumers can smile for now. The All-India LPG Distributors Federation (Karnataka circle) has announced that there will be no disruption in supply of cylinders from Monday.The federation deferred its decision to stop home delivery for now after a group of its senior officials met Union petroleum minister S Jaipal Reddy in New Delhi on Sunday.\"He has promised to look into the matter and resolve the commission issue at the earliest. The government is probably looking at increasing the commission amount,\" said Sathyan N, the federation's (Karnataka circle) secretary.On assessing customers' authenticity while delivering refills, Sathyan said the minister promised to issue either coupons or smart cards for each customer - to ensure the cyclinder reaches the genuine person. \"At present, the domestic gas customer card (DGCC) is the only document and often there have been disputes about the customer's authenticity,\" said Sathyan.The federation members said they made it clear to the minister that in the absence of a foolproof system as the one at present, their delivery boys can't be held responsible for any loss.But bunks won't buy fuel todayMotorists can face disruption in fuel supply from Monday onwards as petrol bunks have decided not to buy petro-products on Monday and Tuesday.N Bhushan Narang, president of Karnataka Petroleum Dealers' Association, said though bunks will remain open in the city, they will sell fuel as long as their stocks last.They will purchase fuel only on Wednesday, resulting in the impact of the protest spilling over to the third day too.And anticipating disruption, vehicle owners queued up before bunks across the city on Sunday evening.\"We are firm on our stand. Contrary to some media reports of the problem being resolved, we'd like to clarify that there is no leader by the name of Ashok, who has spoken on our behalf with the Centre,\" said Narang.If the Union government fails to find a solution by October 15 on the issue of commission margins, the association said petrol bunks across the country will resort to a one-shift eight-hour operation.\"While bunks in Bangalore city will be operational during the day, ones on the highway will remain open after dusk. We are well within the legal framework to resort to this,\" Narang said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16623253", "title": "SCA's new stadium likely to be named after sponsor", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Saurashtra has a very rich cricketing history and there have been speculations that Saurashtra Cricket Association (SCA) will honour any one of its past greats by naming its ultra-modern stadium after him. Names of Ranjitsinhji, Vinoo Mankad and Amar Singh have been doing the rounds.\"No, we aren't going to name our stadium after any of the region's or other cricketer,\" the SCA supremo Niranjan Shah said. \"There're always other and better ways to celebrate and honour our great, proud cricketers. Starting a tournament or two after them is one of them.\"Shah more than implied that in keeping with the modern trend the world over, he would like to go for a corporate giant for the name of the stadium, which has been his most cherished and dream project. \"We'll definitely prefer a major corporate or industrial house,\" he said. \"Quite a few names have cropped up, though we haven't negotiated anything with any one of the corporate giants.\"The stadium, which is 15 km from the city on Rajkot-Jamnagar Highway, is all set to host its first ever One-Day International - between India and England on January 11.Wouldn't it be ideal if the stadium gets its name before this match? \"We aren't in a hurry. There is a proper way, a procedure for all this,\" Shah said. \"Our governing body takes all decisions. We haven't yet finalised on any corporate house, any sponsor, but we may take a decision about it at our AGM.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16619412", "title": "Four persons held for dishonouring modesty", "text": "BHOPAL: No one dared to come to the victim's rescue as the group of men and women parading her abused her. Superintendent of police Morena Jaidevan A told TOI, \"I visited the village. They were not armed and the woman was paraded for about 50 meters. They tore her blouse and she was wearing a sari\". \"Four persons have been arrested in the incident under sections 323 - causing hurt- and 354 ( A) - dishonouring modesty by tearing clothes in public.The immediate cause of provocation was an incident that took place on August 31 when the two families of Bhogiram Kushwah and Vishal Singh Kushwah had clashed over the same land dispute, villagers said. Both the families belonged to the Kushwah caste .The incident on Saturday took place when Katori Bai had returned after grazing a herd of cattle from a nearby field. She was caught by the family persons of Vishal and was beaten up before being paraded. In the scuffle her blouse was torn, an eyewitness said.\"We watched helplessly as they were armed\", said Jandel, her son, \"We want justice from the police,\" he added.The SP said that it's almost 7-year-old dispute between the two Kushwah families who are also relatives. They had also clashed a month back and counter FIRs were lodged against each other. On September 29, the SP said, the woman had made some lewd remarks about the family persons of the accused that infuriated the family. \"This led to the incident\". The SP said that female members of the family were also involved in the incident and they are also being made accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16618438", "title": "Betting racket busted, illicit liquor trader held", "text": "NAGPUR: City police's crime branch has arrested three persons involved in accepting bets on the ongoing T20 cricket World Cup on Saturday. The trio was arrested from an apartment at Kailash Nagar where they had set up a betting den.The persons arrested by the crime branch team are identified as Nikhil Tidke, Sachin Gavne and Akash Mishra. Police have learnt that Tidke had rented the apartment around a month ago. During the raid, police seized six mobile phones, a television and set-top box among other materials worth around Rs 35, 920. An offence was later registered by the crime branch at Hudkeshwar police station.In a separate incident, a crime branch team has recovered 15 cartons of country liquor after raiding a place at Indora on Saturday. Police took custody of Lata Deshmukh following the raid for her alleged role in stacking the liquor cartons. It is learnt that Lata had organized a religious festival and was also trading in liquor from behind the garb of spiritual ceremonies. An offence was registered against Lata at Jaripatka police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16621118", "title": "No truth in Punjab's charge on drought package, says Jairam Ramesh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Centre on Sunday rejected Punjab's charge that it was \"deliberately denying\" the state drought package in the wake of deficient monsoon rains.\"There is no such thing. There is no truth in this,\" Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh said in Mohali on the sidelines of a function. He also denied that Centre was apathetic towards genuine demands raised by Punjab from time to time.\"I don't think it is fair (on Punjab's part) to say this,\" he said.The Union minister admitted that though there was shortfall of rains in Punjab this year, \"it was not as bad as it was in the beginning (June-July period).\"Punjab received bulk rains in August and from June 1 to September 26, Punjab had received 266 mm of rains as against normal of 488.2, a deficiency of 46%, according to Chandigarh's Meteorological Department.Speaking at a pubic meeting in Bathinda earlier this week, chief minister Parkash Singh Badal had alleged the \"deliberate\" denial of drought package to Punjab was a testimony towards Centre's step motherly treatment to the state, saying other states like Madhya Pradesh , Rajasthan, Maharashtra and Odisha had been allowed this package.\"Punjab has been deliberately kept out on the pretext that the state government had not requested the Centre to send a special team to assess the damage,\" Badal had said.The chief minister had also said that agriculture minister Sharad Pawar accompanied by Jairam Ramesh had recently held detailed parleys with the senior officers of the Punjab government here over the deficient rains issue.Punjab has demanded a special financial package of Rs 5,112 crore to bail out the beleaguered farmers as well as state government for incurring extra expenditure to save paddy \"in the wake of drought like conditions across the state.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16620239", "title": "Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam to set up distribution transformer banks", "text": "GURGAON: To expedite the replacement of defective or damaged transformers, the Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (DHBVN) will now set up distribution transformer banks in each operation circle to stock transformers of different capacities.The decision to decentralize the transformer supply mechanism was taken to weed out procedural delays that affect replacement of faulty transformers in difference cities including Gurgaon. At present all the transformers are stocked in Hisar. Now all the operation circles of DHBVN will have a ready stock of transformers with capacities like 25kVA, 63kVA, 100kVA and 200kVA.During the monsoon and summer, the DHBVN was flooded with complaints of burnt and damaged transformers from all over the citiy and now the discom will have a ready stock in each city. The actual work of stocking the transformers will begin from next month, said a senior DHBVN official.He also said that the distribution system would be strengthened during the next six months and the consumers would face least interruptions. To ensure better monitoring of the transformer fault, the discom has now %issued instructions to the sub-division officers in each circle to attend complaints during night.The superintendent engineer of each circle has been instructed to keep a record of the complaints and public meeting held between the consumers and field officials.The official said that the distribution of transformers (100kVA and 200kVA capacity have been arranged on a priority basis and there would be no shortage of transformers from next months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16622963", "title": "Schools, colleges closed in Telangana region, Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Several educational institutions in Telangana region, including in Hyderabad, are closed on Monday following a bandh call by pro-Telangana groups. Telangana student unions including Osmania University Students Joint Action Committee gave a bandh call on Monday, protesting the alleged high-handedness of police during the 'Telangana march' in support of the separate statehood demand on Sunday.State Road Transport Corporation said it had not cancelled bus services, but rescheduled them in some areas of the city. South Central Railway sources said some of the train services in the region were cancelled. MMTS (multi-modal transport system) services in the city would not operate till afternoon.Thousands of protesters defied prohibitory orders and joined in the Telangana March here on Sunday. Police said some 25 police vehicles were damaged, three of them torched.Several political leaders including some Telangana Congress MPs were taken into custody when they tried to stage dharna in front of chief minister's camp office. Telangana supporters, on their way to Necklace Road at Hussain Sagar lake, the venue of the March, clashed with security personnel. Violence was reported at Osmania University campus, Khairatabad and the Andhra Pradesh Secretariat area.When they were stopped from passing down the Secretariat road and through some other areas where prohibitory orders were in place, the protesters pelted stones and tried to remove the barricades, which prompted the security personnel to lob tear gas shells, police said. Telangana Joint Action Committee (JAC), which had asked its supporters to stay at the March venue, ended the rally shortly before midnight due to rains.JAC chairman M Kodandaram said it would organise a fast on October 2 here and also launch a fast-unto-death agitation soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16620715", "title": "Kolkata Port Trust pins hope on Oct 3 meet to resolve crisis", "text": "KOLKATA: In a bid to resolve the impasse over the Haldia Dock Complex (HDC), Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT) will convene another meeting on Wednesday with all its stakeholders. The previous meeting on Thursday had failed to yield a solution. KoPT chairman Manish Jain said on Sunday that he hoped Wednesday's meeting will break the deadlock and appealed to everyone to be on board.In a bid to break the logjam over the Haldia Dock Complex, Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT) will convene a meeting on Wednesday will all stakeholders resolve the impasse. The earlier meeting on Thursday wasn't enough for two critical stakeholders - ABG-LDA-led cargo handler Haldia Bulk Terminals Pvt Ltd (HBT) and local Trinamool Congress MP Subhendu Adhikari - refused to be a part of it. KoPT chairman Manish Jain on Sunday told reporters he hoped the Wednesday meeting will break the deadlock and appealed to everyone to one on board.Jain said the ongoing crisis was severely denting the HDC's turnaround story, already crippled by the nationwide economic gloom nationwide and flight of freight, including crude oil, to ports off the Orissa coastline. He said while 13 million tonnes of crude oil were off-loaded in 2007-08, it reduced to 2.16 million tonnes in 2011-12.The KoPT chairman said HDC was still trying to overcome it by reducing the pre-berth detention and increasing the hook shift output - significant indexes to reduce the overall cargo handling time translating into increased profitability for importers and exporters. \"It is therefore imperative for all to understand that while they've benefitted from the good times, they also have to be with us in times of recession,\" he added.However, with the situation deteriorating by the day, the question doing the rounds in shipping circles is - will the state government step in or wait for KoPT to announce a lockout at its Haldia Dock Complex (HDC) before taking measures to resolve the crisis?But inspite of the chairman's assertion it is imperative that the state government intervenes, which it till now chose not to. Will the state government wait for Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT) to announce a lock-out at its Haldia Dock Complex (HDC) before taking measures to resolve the crisis? With the situation deteriorating by the day, this is the question doing the rounds in shipping circles, both at Kolkata and Haldia. Senior port officials are as confused about the situation as the users of the facility.If the government steps in, this will not be the first time. The KoPT management has on several occasions written to the state government, seeking its intervention in the matter. The last time it did so was after an emergency board meeting on Friday when it urged the district magistrate of East Midnapore to convene a meeting of all stakeholders and resolve the crisis.\"The situation is no longer under KoPT's control. It has turned into a law-and-order issue which is a state subject. Today, there is a clear divide in the ranks of the stakeholders. On one side, there is the Haldia Bulk Terminals (HBT) Pvt Ltd which is in charge of mechanised handling at berths 2 and 8. It is crucial for KoPT that HBT remains at HDC as it earns Rs 150 per tonne as royalty for the 40,000 tonnes that is handled at these two berths. The royalty per tonne for the other berths is a mere Rs 25. No wonder, KoPT decided to try and send in more vessels to berths 2 and 8 after HBT threatened to suspend operations at HDC due to insufficient cargo,\" an officer at Haldia said.\"There is one group at Haldia that is pitching for HBT. This group wants the port to survive. The other group wants HBT to wind up operations at the port, even if this results in a slide in KoPT's revenue. This group is rooting for operators of cargo at other berths,\" the officer added.Unfortunately, public representatives are among the latter group due to which a law and order situation has developed in Haldia over the last couple of weeks. This group has been raising the bogey of loss of employment if more cargo is handled at the two mechanised berths (2 and 8). HBT claims that its workers are being attacked and not allowed to work at berths 2 and 8. It's been over a week now that operations have remained suspended at the two berths, resulting in nearly Rs 4 crore loss in revenue for KoPT. The Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) at the port is there to protect port property but can't intervene in case of a law and order situation. Under the circumstances, the state government needs to step in and instruct the district administration to maintain law and order at the port premises under all circumstances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16619108", "title": "Missing engineering student found murdered", "text": "JAIPUR: The decomposed body of a 19-year old engineering student was found in Kanota forest area on Sunday, nearly 40 days after he went missing from his house in Chaksu. The student had left home on August 30. According to the police, he was murdered and his body was buried. Police do not rule out involvement of a person known to the victim behind the murder.The case has once again brought to fore the police's apathetic attitude in taking missing persons' reports seriously despite the high court's strict directives in this regard. The victim's father alleged that he had approached the police for lodging a man missing complaint on September 5, but it was registered only on September 9. When the cops did not initiate any action to trace his son, he approached the commissioner of police on September 22 following which mobile call details of the victim were sought.According to the police, the victim, Sohan Lal, was a resident of Gadarvasi village in Chaksu area. \"He was a first year engineering student at Deepshikha College of Technical Education,\" said SHO, Kanota, Vijay Pal Singh.The Kanota police was informed by some shepherds that some parts of a buried body were sticking out of the ground with intense foul smell emanating from there.\"A team was rushed there. We found a decomposed body, a bag, some books, two mobile phones and some other items. We got a mobile number in one of the books using which we came to know the victim's identity,\" said the officer.Sohan Lal had left for college on August 30. His younger brother Mohan lives in Vatika village on city's outskirts.The deceased's father Babulal, a grocery store owner, told TOI over phone, \"Sohan called me up on August 31 saying that he was staying with Mohan and would bring apples when he would return home. Some apples were recovered near the body on Sunday.\"Sources said that one of the three mobile phones which Sohan had in his possession was active till September 23. However, police suspect that he had been murdered soon after his last telephonic talk with his father. Police said that victims had three phones. Sources said Two of the cellphones were recovered lying the near the body, one was found by a woman from Bassi area. She took it home. Her husband was using this phone till September 22, but destroyed the SIM card when the police made a call while investigating the missing report. This has put question mark over functioning of the police as despite the fact that victim's cellphone was operational for 22 days, police did not try to trace it before his father approached the police commissioner.Babulal said that Sohan went missing on the same day. \"We kept searching for him five days and then approached the Chaksu police on September 5, but our missing report was not registered. After much persuasion, they lodged a report on September 9, but did nothing to trace him. Then I approached the commissioner of police on September 22 following which the mobile call details were secured from the mobile network company,\" said the father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16621514", "title": "Villagers oppose land acquisition", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Strong protest by the villagers, opposing land acquisition in Potka, outside Sonari airport on Sunday, forced the governor of Jharkhand , Syed Ahmed to make a back door entry into the aerodrome to board his special plane for Ranchi.Ahmed was here to take part in the golden jubilee celebrations of Golmuri Diocese at Loyola School ground. He was returning to the aerodrome in the afternoon when the demonstrator's gheraoed the entry gate of the airport demanding his immediate intervention to stop land acquisition.\"The governor happens to be the constitutional custodian of the lands falling within the schedule-V of the Constitution and we demand his immediate intervention to stop the process of land acquisition in Potka for industrial purpose,\" said Josai Mardi of All India Adivasi Mahasabha that organized the demonstration at the airport. The protestors, who were staging a dharna outside district headquarters for over a week, had also demonstrated in a semi-nude manner outside deputy commissioner's office, recently.Seeing the vehement protest of the villagers, opposing land acquisition in Potka block for Bhusan Power and Steel Company's Greenfield project, the governor's convoy was compelled to take a de-tour to get into the airport.\"The convoy entered into the airport through the rear gate,\" said senior police superintendent, Akhilesh Jha. He also said obstructionists shall be identified and FIR will be lodged against them for penal action.Mardi said they wanted to submit a memorandum to the governor but police prevented them from doing so which apparently angered several of the activists.The villagers in Potka block, about 50km from here, are opposed to the 3MTPA Steel Plant and captive power plant project of Bhusan Steel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16620471", "title": "Bangalore no longer paradise for the elderly", "text": "BANGALORE: There is something to worry about when it comes to issues related to greying Bangaloreans. The city's elders are being harassed by not only strangers but also their family members, reveal statistics available with Nightingale's Trust, which has been running a helpline (1090) for elders in association with Bangalore police.The helpline has in the past four years received 92,983 calls from senior citizens, of which 6,913 pertained to various complaints. Between April 2011 and August 2012, 226 complaints of harassment were registered; of them 114 related to cheating and harassment.Dr Radha S Murthy, managing trustee, Nightingale's Trust, said: \"On an average, we receive about 30 calls daily, of which about 60% are related to cheating or harassment by a family member. These figures are much less because not many elders who call us register a formal complaint with police.\"The helpline is operational between 8am and 6pm and has three full-time counsellors and as many lawyers.\"Most callers complain about harassment by their children or a close family member over property issues. They seek arbitration, reconcilement or legal help to fight against the harassment. Some also seek information on civic issues, old age homes,\" added Dr Radha Murthy.\"There has been a breakdown of values. A large number of youngsters are after property. It's sad that they forget the very people who played the most significant part in making them what they are today. The few age old age homes that exist are not great either. Maybe older people staying together as a community will at least ensure that they can be with one another in their hour of need,\" said Ashok Dey, director and CEO, Sushruta Vishranthi Dhama Ltd (SUVIDHA retirement village), Kanakapura Road.Dementia worriesExperts are worried over the swelling ranks of the elderly as it could result in increase in dementia cases. The number of senior citizens in the country is likely to rise four times (from 3.6 million at present to 12.8 million) by 2050.\"The population of Bangalore is about 9.5 million and 10% of them are above the age of 60. There has been a 100% rise in dementia cases in 25 years,\" said Dr Satish Chandra, director and vice-chancellor, Nimhans.\"Chances of losing memory and communication skills are higher as the age advances. When a person is 65 years old, there is 5% chance of him or her getting dementia, but for an 80-year-old person, the chances increase to 40%,'' he explained.Keeping in mind that elderly people suffer from problems like loneliness, depression , dementia and anxiety and if they get someone to share their worries it will help them in speedy recovery, Nimhans launched a helpline in April.\"It has received good response. Senior citizens prefer to pour out their woes to a stranger over the phone. We also get many visitors at our centre seeking help for depression, anxiety, loss of memory, concentration and dementia,\" said Dr Prabha Chandra, professor, women and mental health , Nimhans.Dial here for helpNightingale's elders' helpline: 1090Nightingale's helpline for dementia: 9342730936/9342730959Nimhans' helpline for elders: 080-26685948 and 09480829670Cleared Prasad/uk", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16618799", "title": "Fake cops con woman", "text": "MUMBAI: A 48-year-old housewife was conned of her gold chain by two men posing as policemen at Andheri (E) on Friday. Chandramukhi Tiwari was returning from her morning walk when the two men called out to her near a garden. The unidentified-duo told Tiwari that the area was crime-infested and she shouldn't be flaunting her ornaments. On the pretext of helping her, the men made off with her 15 gm gold chain worth Rs 45,000.In a separate incident at Goregaon (W) on Friday, four men conned a senior citizen into handing over his valuables worth Rs 1.17 lakh to them. K Ramchandran (72) was out for a walk on Link Road around 8am.One of the accused approached Ramchandran introducing himself as a cop. He told Ramchandran his superior had summoned him. The 'superior' was actually an aide of the accused and was waiting nearby with two others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16621549", "title": "3 bombs recovered from railway tracks", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Three powerful pipe bombs kept on a railway track to blow up a passenger train were recovered at Burudih, about 12km from the Tatanagar railway station, on Sunday morning by the Railway Protection Force (RPF) who suspect that the explosives were planted by CPI (Maoists).The bombs were recovered from the Tatanagar-Bhalda section under Chakradharpur railway division of the South Eastern Railway zone. \"Following today's (Sunday's) incident, we have revived our on-track security measures and are conducting intelligence raids,\" said divisional RPF commandant A K Chaurasiya. \"All the major railway stations in the division have been alerted.\"An electric multiple unit (EMU) train from Tatanagar to Badampahar, the only passenger train that plies on this route, passed a little while before the bombs were detected. Apart from the lone passenger train, a goods train runs on this section, said railway officials.\"As soon as the three bombs and gelatin sticks were recovered, we defused them immediately,\" said Tatanagar railway station manager Ravi Chaudhary.On the intervening night of May 14 and May 15, passengers on board the Bilaspur-bound passenger train had a brush with terror when suspected rebels tied a can bomb to the engine of the train in Posaita in the Chakradharpur division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16621283", "title": "Arunachal records 612 hours of bandh till August this year", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh has recorded a total of 173 days of bandhs in the last 12 years, chief minister Nabam Tuki said in the assembly on Sunday.\"The state has had at least 4,168 hours of bandhs since 2001,\" Tuki said.He added there have been a total of 612 hours of bandh till August this year while last year, the figure was 1,020 hours and 348 hours in 2010.Tuki added that the state government has already declared bandhs illegal in pursuance of the Supreme Court order of 1997.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16620479", "title": "Sun shoots off big flare towards Earth", "text": "Nasa has captured the image of a particularly wide Earth-directed coronal mass ejection (CME) or flare, erupting from the Sun and spewing billions of tonnes of solar particles. Experimental Nasa research models estimate that the CME, travelling around 1,120 km per second, reached the Earth on Saturday. CMEs of these speeds are usually benign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16619832", "title": "Two persons drown in canal near jail, one still missing", "text": "LUCKNOW: Two persons were killed after they allegedly drowned in a canal near Lucknow jail on Saturday midnight in Gosainganj police station area. The two were identified as Shailendra Ratnakar, an employee of State Bank of India in Allahabad and a resident of Greens Road, Charbagh and Ashish Singh, a resident of Bheemnagar in Alambagh area. Ashish was pursuing hotel management course from Jhansi. The police have been able to fish out the body of Shailendra after pressing divers, while search is on to trace Ashish's body.The police said that both Shailendra and Ashish had come to attend a party given by a constable Nitin Yadav of Lucknow jail. Both Shailendra and Ashish are friends of Nitin, the police said. Both took leave from Nitin's house for smoking and went towards canal road near the jail premises.The police said that both probably slipped from the canal road into the canal as the motorcycle on which they had left was found parked on the canal road. However, the exact reason how both of them slipped into canal is still not known, the police said and added that efforts are on to fish out the body of Ashish.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16621344", "title": "Sri Lankan pitches are changing", "text": "MUMBAI: The help for fast bowlers in Sri Lanka has given a new twist to the competition of the fourth edition of the ICC World T20. It is unlikely that any non-sub-continental team has slept easily over the prospect of facing Muttiah Muralitharan on Sri Lankan wickets.But 'the times they are a-changin' as Bob Dylan sang and Sri Lanka have learned to play to their strength after Murali's retirement. Sri Lankan wickets used to be tailor-made for the legendary offie, who often single-handedly decimated visiting teams. As Sri Lanka contemplate finding an able replacement for Murali, Lankan wickets now are favouring fast bowlers. And why not, Lasith Malinga is Lanka's leading speedster and a terror factor for most batting sides.The gradual shift appears like a survival tactic but Jerome Jayaratne, who's the head of coaching in the Sri Lankan National Academy, tries to explain the situation.\"Yes, the wickets are definitely changing in Sri Lanka but the process is very gradual. With Murali around, we demanded spinning wickets as it was the most natural way to beat outsiders. Murali was a freak. We haven't frankly reached that level in the spin department after his retirement even though we have a lot of promising spinners in the academy. I have been pushing Sri Lanka Cricket (SLC) to produce faster wickets for domestic matches so that we can raise our pace stock,\" Jayaratne told TOI.According to Jayaratne, club cricket has become monotonous in Sri Lanka, as most coaches stuff their teams with spinners. \"Most teams are becoming spin-heavy which is not helping anyone - neither the batsmen nor the country. If the batters don't face good pace and if there's no assistance from the wickets for fast bowlers, our players won't survive outside the subcontinent,\" he reasoned.Jayaratne has been persistent with his demand since last year and though he refused to take credit for the success of pacers in the inaugural Sri Lankan Premier League (SLPL), he acknowledged the SLC's flexibility and openness towards new ideas.\"I can't say about the SLPL, but wickets for the domestic games have certainly improved and should get better,\" he said.Former Sri Lankan fast bowling coach Anusha Samaranayake seconded Jayaratne's view. \"Lack of experience for the domestic fast bowlers is a concern for us. We are trying to play on more sporting wickets to improve our pacers. It's just the starting point,\" he said.Interestingly, while Jayaratne continues to push for sporting wickets, Sri Lanka is ratcheting out young and talented spinners. \"Sri Lankans are naturally wristy players. Their wrist comes into play very early in their career and we develop them further. We have some new spinners in our stock. One of them is Akila Dananjaya,\" he said.Dananjaya, who made his T20 debut against New Zealand on Thursday, picked up a wicket in his first over. So, what's the secret behind Sri Lanka producing so many young spinners? \"Unlike in India, where handpicked kids are trained in specific departments for a month or so, we train them all over the year. That gives us more time to fine-tune their skills. We have around 45 coaches in different provinces who scout for talent. The shortlisted candidates are trained at the National Academy,\" Jayaratne said.Fast bowlers seem to have the edge in this World T20. Four out of the five leading wicket-takers in the tournament are pacers so far. While every team based out of the subcontinent would want it to remain that way, Jayaratne believes Sri Lanka's strength will be spin and not pace even though they are playing on 'changing' wickets.THE TIDE'S TURNINGWickets taken by spinners71 at an average of 28.70; ER 7.02; SR 24.5; 4WI: 3Wickets claimed by Fast bowlers112 at an average of 27.20; ER 8.09; SR 20.01 4WI: 1- Stats Rajesh Kumar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16619663", "title": "Left plans renaissance in Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With traces of left parties vaporizing from the political scene in Gujarat, a rally on November 7 by Democratic People's Forum, calling for the \"ouster\" of Narendra Modi , is being planned to reaffirm the left parties' position in the state. For the first time, various sections of the left will collaborate to highlight the plight of small farmers, businesspersons and the marginalized people of society after three Vibrant Gujarat summits.\"Making Gujarat 'investor friendly' means giving maximum subsidies and tax concessions,\" said general secretary of CPI-ML K N Ramchandran. \"Even private ports are opened as SEZs. In the agricultural sector, market and corporate forces are given a free reign. Who are they fooling? Has Modi forgotten common people in our villages who actually vote because they want to survive?\"The members of the left parties also questioned the position of Modi on FDI in retail. They even pointed out that Wal-Mart was in talks to set up a mall on the wholesale format on Anand-Sojitra road. \"Modi may have kept it under wraps to avoid embarrassment,\" said the chairman of New Socialist Movement, Mukul Sinha. \"But how can common people ignore that Modi in three so-called 'vibrant' global summits allowed through MoUs with MNCs and other foreign partners, a backdoor entry into the state for FDI?\"Thomas Matthew of Bahujan Forum says, \"Traditional left forces have been wiped out of Gujarat. When people's anger against Modi government is mounting, it is the duty of the radical left and democratic and secular forces to strengthen the people's alternative.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16618587", "title": "Indian experience sinks Singapore", "text": "NAGPUR: With experience in hand, the U-18 Indian women cagers began their quest in the 21st FIBA Asia Championship with a come-from-behind yet comfortable 93-53 win over Singapore at the Bandaraya Stadium in Malaysia on Saturday.Though Singapore scored the first six points of the game, even led the initial five minutes 10-6, India raked up a double digit lead in no time and cruised along without much sweat leaving a thumping mark to decimate east asian rivals for a rousing start to their campaign.\"I am happy things worked out the way we wanted,\" said a beaming India's assistant coach Shiba Maggon, one of country's youngest coach by adding, \"We expected them (Singapore) to put up a fight, though it did not happen. The important thing is to set the momentum. Now that we have achieved that, we need to maintain it.\"Riding high on the joint exploits of Pune girl Shireen Limaye, PS Jeena from Kerala and Tamil Nadu's Rajapriyadarshini Rajaganapathi - all of them with a double-double each - India made a bright start in their pursuit for promotion to next edition's elite level I.Shireen who donned the national colors at the 24th FIBA Asia Championship for women in Japan last year, had an all-round show on the floor with a dozen points and also pulled 13 rebounds. Jeena, who has the experience of playing with senior women's Indian team at this year's William Jones Cup, led the scoring with 28 points and had 11 rebounds. Rajapriyadarshini, the lone member of the team that played at the previous edition of the U18 Championship at Thailand in 2010, netted 20 points and took 10 rebounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16623264", "title": "The Pope wishes Lata Mangeshkar on her birthday", "text": "Now here's one birthday greeting that doesn't come too easily. When Lata Mangeshkar turned 83 on Friday she was delighted to receive birthday greetings from the Pope Benedict XV1 straight from the Vatican.Feeling duly honoured Lataji said, \"It was a very pleasant surprise. The Pope is the most prominent and revered leader of the Catholic Church. To hear from him on my birthday was not just expected, it was a rare privilege.\"Adding to her joy was the fact that the Pope'e greeting named her as 'Lata Deenanath Mangeshkar'. \"Not many people address me with my father's name. That felt good. I am proud to be know as Master Deenanath Mangeshkar's daughter,\" said Lataji emotionally.Compounding her joy at this show of benediction from the top-man at the Vatican was the fact that Lataji's sister Asha Bhosle joined the Nightingale for an evening of birthday celebrations restricted to family members only.The family dinner hosted by Lataji's niece Rachana Shah (daughter of Meena Mangeshkar) was attended by the entire Mangeshkar clan, including of course Asha Bhosle.\"There were about 60 of us,\" said one of the family members. \"Didi and Ashatai spent the whole evening chatting and joking around. That evening we were what we are: a closely-knit family. Didi's favourite food daal-dhokli and paani-puri were served along with Maharashtrian cuisine and Chinese and Italian food for the youngsters. Actually Didi's birthday celebrations started a day before her birthday on Thursday and went on until Saturday when Ganesh Visarjan happened. She hasn't had much much sleep in the last three days. But she doesn't care. She's happy that the entire family was with her.\"Says Lataji, \"I'd have liked to invite all my colleagues from the film industry. Next time for sure.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16618849", "title": "Demand for de-addiction centres grows", "text": "MUMBAI: Dentists in the city have joined hands to help gutka and pan masala dependants to get rid of the addiction. The demand for de-addiction centres for smokeless tobacco users had gained momentum after the ban on gutka and pan masala came into effect in July this year. The Food and Drug Administration recently announced that it has made seizures worth Rs 10 crore of the banned products in the last two months.Around 25 tobacco intervention initiative (TII) clinics that had been helping people with smoking de-addiction has now started doubling up as gutka and pan masala cessation centres. In the past few months, over 539 people have already enrolled in these clinics.After a month-long therapy in one of the TII clinics, automobile engineer (48) Manoj Asher said he was finally winning the fight against addiction that he has been fighting for the 30 long years. He said that the therapy has helped him cut down his intake to 50% now. \"Before the therapy, my day used to start with a gutka sachet. I would get irritated if I did not take it the first thing in the morning,\" he said. The Kandivli resident said over the years he made several attempts to quit the habit. \"I started taking gutka because my friends did. Soon it became a habit and work stress turned me into an addict,\" he said, adding he was dealing with the withdrawal symptoms like lethargy, loss of energy gradually.Asher added the therapy worked for him because his doctor Digesh Patel did not insist on giving up the habit immediately. Dr Patel, who runs a dental clinic in Kandivli, said, \"Patients have to be thoroughly counselled before they are started on the nicotine replacement therapy (NRT). I do not start them on the therapy till I am convinced of their dedication to quit the habit,\" he said. In Asher' case, his wife had called up the clinic but Dr Patel insisted that Asher himself had to be convinced about it.In 2011, the Indian Dental Association (IDA) had started the initiative. General secretary of IDA Dr Ashok Dhoble said, \"Very often patients coming to our TII centres are not aware of the harmful effects of chewing tobacco and smoking. While they continue with this unhealthy activity, their overall and oral health deteriorates,\" he said.Head and neck cancer surgeon Dr Pankaj Chaturvedi, however, had a word of caution. \"Nicotine replacement therapy should not be the first step of de-addiction as they have fair chance of failing, besides that it cannot be given for a very long time,\" he said. He added that most of gutka and pan masala users cannot afford NRT. \"It also has side-effects like cardiac stimulation effect. Globally, the cessation efforts have been successful when people have been determined on their own to do it,\" he said.Meanwhile, the FDA has seized more than Rs 10 crore of gutka, pan masala and scented tobacco packets in the last few months. FDA commissioner, Mahesh Zhagade said, \"We are also seizing ingredients that are being sold separately but when mixed together they take the form of gutka. We are not confiscating pure tobacco.\" He said the FDA has started destroying the products since September 25. Zhagade said, \"The seizures we have made in last two months are so far the biggest in the country.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16621575", "title": "Pillur II trial run to begin October third week", "text": "COIMBATORE: The wait seems to finally over for the Pillur II dedicated water supply scheme, expected to be ready for trial run to its full capacity by the third week of October, claimed Coimbatore municipal corporation officials. The work is progressing at the project site and concrete beds are being readied for the installation of six vertical turbine pump-sets to draw water to be supplied to the city. The civic body is also expecting a response from the Tamil Nadu Electricity Generation and Distribution Corporation for providing power supply to these turbines before the commencement of the trial run.\"All major works are completed and we are now getting ready for the installation of the vertical turbine pump sets,\" said TK Ponnusamy, commissioner, Coimbatore municipal corporation.The dedicated Pillur II Supply scheme is being executed under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission with financial assistance from the union government and is expected to provide 125 mld of drinking water to Coimbatore city once it becomes fully operational. As of now six vertical turbine pump sets procured at a cost of Rs4.85crore with a capacity of 550 HP each are to be installed at the Raw Water Collection well.\"We have already contacted the electricity board officials for giving power supply for the turbines and are expecting a response in the coming week,\" said a corporation official.The entire project was expected to be completed in April 2011 but got delayed due to numerous technical reasons. As of now 30 mld of water is being supplied from the Pillur II scheme on a trial basis to the residents in eastern parts of the city whenever water is being supplied as per a temporary agreement between Tamil Nadu Water Supply and Drainage Board (TWAD) and city municipal corporation. Work on Pillur II scheme is being executed in six packages out of which all stages except the first package has been completed so far. The first package included the digging of a Raw water collection well and also the erection and commissioning of six vertical turbine pumpsets which is being carried out at the moment claimed corporation commissioner TK POnnusamy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16620943", "title": "Three films from Pune to screen at Mumbai film festival", "text": "PUNE: Three films from the city-based directors \u2014 The Bright Day by Mohit Takalkar, Samhita by Sumitra Bhave and Sunil Suktankar and Pune 52 by Nikhil Mahajan \u2014 will be screened at the Mumbai Film Festival (MFF), conducted by the Mumbai Academy of Moving Images (MAMI). The festival begins from October 18.The three are among the 13 films to be featured in a special category called 'India Gold', which is being introduced at the festival for the first time.After receiving a resounding success at the world premiere in the Toronto International Film Festival as well as the Calgary International Film Festival in Canada, The Bright Day will make its first India screening at MFF. The film is theatre veteran Takalkar's directorial debut and has him as the editor and screenplay writer as well. Produced by Abhijeet Bhosle and White Copper Entertainment , the film is a road journey of a Pune youth \u2014 Shiv \u2014 who is in his 20s and lives a comfortable life with friends and family.Yearning for a meaning in life, Shiv abandons his girlfriend and family to set out on a spiritual quest. The film has been shot in Pune, Varanasi and Jaisalmer.Pune 52 by debutant director Mahajan, who returned to the city after pursuing a course at the Sydney Film School in Australia, is about a private detective, and the film set against the backdrop of early 90s Pune. The film has been jointly produced by Arbhat Nitmitee, run by national award winners Umesh Kulkarni and Girish Kulkarni, as well as the Indian Magic Eye Motion Pictures.In a first in Marathi cinema, the background and the theme music of the film has been given by Korean music director Hyun Jung Shin, who has given music to critically-acclaimed film Old Boy, whereas cinematography has been done by Jeremy Reagan from New Zealand.National award winning directors Bhave and Sukhtankar have completed their long-pending project Samhita to be screened at MFF. The film stars Milind Soman, Devika Daftardar and Rajeshwari Sachdev in the lead. The film is about two eras about a filmmaker played by Daftardar and the people surrounding her.The India Gold section has been specially introduced this year by the MIFF to celebrate the hundred years of Indian cinema and aims at showcasing the best of Indian cinema. Henceforth, this section will become an annual part of the festival. The new competition will carry total cash prize of Rs 15 lakh, in addition to the golden and silver gateway trophies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "16621276", "title": "Pledge campaign against illegal Bangladeshi immigrants on October 2", "text": "DIMAPUR: The Naga Council Dimapur's (NCD) Public Action Committee on Illegal Immigrants (PACIM) has decided to launch its pledge campaign on October 2 to create awareness against illegal Bangladeshi immigrants.The organisation said every Naga will be requested to take the pledge on not extending any kind of support to illegal Bangladeshis in the state. They will also be asked to pledge against keeping illegal Bangladeshis as tenants in their residences, plots and commercial buildings, it said.It said that illegal Bangladeshi business establishments will be boycotted and warned that any business establishment employing illegal Bangladeshis will also be boycotted.However, keeping in view the immediate economic condition of the state, PACIM said the labour force, including agriculture labourers, will be kept outside the purview of boycott for the time being. The PAC said \"pledge registers\" will be kept at the NCD office and at prominent places like shops and popular hangouts for people to sign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16621137", "title": "Cop 'thrashed' in police HQ", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 36-year-old constable of Punjab Police, Harpal Chaudhary, was allegedly thrashed by four cops, including a DSP, inside the police headquarters in Sector 9.Harpal, who suffered a fracture in his left leg in the attack on September 25, is admitted at Government Multispecialty Hospital, Sector 16. Sector-3 SHO Neeraj Sarna said a police official had also lodged a complaint against Harpal for entering the police headquarters in an inebriated condition and misbehaving with four policemen when he was detained. Serving in the 3rd Commando Battalion of Punjab Police, he was suspended following the incident.Talking to media persons, Harpal on Sunday said he was in plainclothes when he entered the headquarters and a DSP and three other cops thrashed him with a bamboo stick. He claimed to have shown his identity card to the cops but was still not spared.Asked about the delay in revealing the incident, Harpal said he was threatened by senior officials, whom he refused to name.He alleged that a team of policemen also visited him in the hospital but did not record his statement. Neeraj Sarna claimed a departmental inquiry had already been instituted and action would be taken after the probe report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "civil lines", "code": "16620387", "title": "New-age moms get mobile-savvy for childcare", "text": "CIVIL LINES: Parenting is a task that requires full-time dedication, thus working parents often feel it difficult to fulfil both the obligations of work and parenting. Balancing both work and parenting roles is not an easy task \u2014 it requires extra skills and energy. And this being the era of Blackberry and smartphones, around 60 young mothers in the city have formed their very own support group, divided into groups of 30 each, called, \"Birth Worx\", to deal with queries related to childcare and pregnancy. All the queries of the members are answered among themselves and by the founder member of the the group, who is a child birth educator. Besides new mothers, expecting mothers are also a part of these groups. Founder of the group and child birth educator, Neha Aggarwal, says, \"Members ask all kinds of questions related to childcare and motherhood. We get questions like \u2014 what to eat during pregnancy, what diet to start with for babies, how to calm down crying baby?\" She added, \"Members come up with queries round-the-clock, but most of these come during late night hours.\" Neha goes on to explain that the first group started in July 2010 with a motive to offer an accessible platform to mothers for discussing small yet important things. With the success of the first group, she initiated another. Providing latest updates to young mothers is the forte of the group says Neha. \"Besides educating new mothers on benefits of breastfeeding, weaning food, various stages of child from crawling to walking, the group also keeps mothers updated with new products available in the market,\" she said. Calling the group an \"asset\", Ragini Mittal, a homemaker of Civil Lines and member of the group, says, \"Recently my 15-month-old baby Krishiv had ulcer on the tongue so I posted a message on bbm. I got instant response from many members who suggested me to apply 'Zytee gel'. Within days the ulcer went off.\" Terming Birth Worx as a \"storehouse of experience and knowledge\", another member and resident of Tagore Nagar, Manika Goel says, \"Birth Worx is a blessing for all the tech-savvy modern moms. We were about to start walkers for our twins, Mannat and Janit, at six months so I posted a query regarding this on bbm. I came to know that starting a walker at this stage could have been risky for the backbone and knees of my babies. Thanks to Birth Worx I was warned against this blunder.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16614404", "title": "Dr Trehan visited Chandigarh on World Heat Day", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh Beopar Mandal -a group of businessmen in the city- on Saturday hosted lunch in honor of visiting dignitary Padma Bhushan Dr Naresh Trehan, world's most renowned cardiologists. Dr Trehan was in the city to hold a scientific session on the occasion of World Heart Day.During the visit, Dr Trehan advised group of businessmen to eat and drink everything but only in moderation especially who do not fall in the sick category and said that with modern technology now the likely patients can be identified who should then must consult doctors for the likely precautions or treatment where as others should just try to restrict every intake to moderation along with regular physical exercise.In an answer to a queries about the apprehension amongst general public especially traders that they shall get subjected to unnecessary expensive treatment even if they only go for a general check up about heart functioning, Dr Trehan said that a video conferencing facility is being started by his Medanta, the medicity in Gurgaon. Later in the day the functionaries of Chandigarh Beopar Mandal also attended the scientific seminar conducted by Dr Naresh Trehan in the Government Medical College and Hospital, situated in sector 32.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16620189", "title": "Residents want protected water bodies in Master Plan 2031", "text": "GURGAON: This Wednesday the Gurgaon-Manesar master plan 2031 will out of the public domain. The department of town and country planning had first invited comments and criticisms from the general public early in September. And before October 3, when it's curtains for the open forum, resident groups and environmentalists in Gurgaon are making sure that their objections are heeded and their voices heard.According to Chetan Aggarwal, an environmentalist, the current plan leaves much to be desired, especially so on the green front. \"For instance, the Aravali hills have neither been reserved as open green space nor as urban forests. Instead, they have been marked as an agricultural zone, which allows development,\" he said. Similarly, the new master plan fails to make any mention of issues such as water conservation and groundwater recharge. \"All water bodies should be listed as protected in the master plan, and clearly depicted on the map. Sector-wise sustainable groundwater extraction should also be calculated and notified,\" he added.Even the bio-diversity park, which covers over 500 acre of the Aravallis, has been categorized under the agricultural zone. \"Rather than identifying the bio-diversity park as a permanent and protected green zone, the new plan calls it an agricultural zone, which I think is outrageous,\" said Atal Kapoor, member of the NGO I Am Gurgaon, which, together with the municipal corporation, is responsible for the general upkeep of the bio-diversity part.Kapoor said his group will be sending in these points to the town and country planning department in the next few days. \"Even the municipal corporation of Gurgaon is filing a petition on this issue,\" he added.Those who believe that the master plan can do with a tweak or two can write to the main offices of the department of town and country planning in Chandigarh, or send an email to tcphry@gmail.com. A copy of the plan is available on the department's official website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16618988", "title": "6 Tibetans held with fake visas", "text": "NEW DELHI: Six Tibetans were arrested for allegedly trying to travel to Rome on forged visas. They were apprehended at the immigration counter of IGI airport on Friday, said police. The youth have been identified as Tsering Dhondup, Nyidon Lhamo, Tenpa, Jangchup Dolma, Ugyen Dolma and Lobsang Choezom. During scrutiny of travel documents, police claimed, it came to light that the Schengen visas affixed on their passports were fake.This was also confirmed by Eduard Hook, document and visa adviser and airline liaison officer in Mumbai-based German Consulate General. The youths told police that these visas were arranged by them through a travel agent at Mumbai whose identity is not known to them, police said. They were to fly to Rome on a Royal Jordanian flight on Friday. A case of cheating under Passports Act has been registered.IGI airport and police officials say that they don't have any mechanism for keeping a tab on such travel agents at the preliminary stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16619200", "title": "Didn\u2019t approve Hindon bridge: IIT", "text": "NOIDA: IIT-Delhi has denied claims made by the Uttar Pradesh government that it had undertaken consultancy and design work for the under-construction bridge across Hindon River near Raj Nagar in Ghaziabad.In reply to an RTI query, IIT clarified that the design plan for the bridge put up by Ghaziabad Development Authority (GDA) as proof of getting due approval of the project and its drawings from IIT actually pertains to the second phase of the Madhya Ganga Canal, consultancy work of which had been undertaken by the institute in 2010.GDA had submitted the design of the Hindon Bridge, duly stamped by a professor of the department of civil engineering of IIT-Delhi, to the National Green Tribunal (NGT) in a case filed against it and the UP irrigation department by environmental activists of the Rashtriya Jal Biradiri, an NGO. Activists have opposed construction of an artificial embankment for the bridge across the natural course of the river and dumping of debris into it.IIT-Delhi has replied through the RTI (a copy of which is with TOI) that the design plan submitted by the GDA pertains to \"a project with a completely different name \u2014 The Design of Madhya Ganga Canal, Stage-II (CW11179)\".In April 2012, the NGT had imposed a stay on the dumping of debris and waste material in the Hindon River after the activists expressed fear of environmental threat to the river eco-system resulting from construction of the artificial embankment.Through an earlier RTI, too, IIT had apprised activists of having ever undertaken any consultancy work for this particular project. Both GDA and the irrigation department have maintained in their respective affidavits submitted to the tribunal that the project and its drawings have the approval of IIT.The IIT has further noted in its reply that the design for the Madhya Ganga Canal had been done 'as a consultancy project of the institute through Prof AK Keshari, department of civil engineering. It was started in March 2010 and completed in June 2010.'Alleging the GDA and the irrigation department of having misled the tribunal on the issue of design approval, the petitioners have filed an application demanding for initiation of action against them under Section 340 of CrPC.\"In their affidavit, the letter number cited by the irrigation department as reference for approval from IIT-Delhi is actually a 'reference number' of one of their own documents. We have got this clarified through an RTI,\" said Vikrant Sharma of Rashtriya Jal Biradiri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17017884", "title": "Kinship no longer the password", "text": "In a networked world, adaptability, professionalism and democratic functioning are vital in any organization or institution that seeks to rise above artificial constructs like national, clan and gender loyalties. This is true as much in the spiritual as in the material world. Therefore resting content at being a wizened spiritual organization with a hoary past and tight-knit community is tantamount to accepting circumscription and possibly attrition, too. In a globalised world where unfettered exchange of ideas and philosophies could engender individual and collective wellness and awakening, spiritual missions can no longer continue to function in isolation while all around there is dynamism. Little wonder, then, that established spiritual communities seeking to widen their reach are welcoming a smorgasbord of seekers, philanthropists, mediums and masters to create an environment and ambience that cater to a global audience rather than remain confined to a select few in a particular location.A spiritual organisation with international reach is perhaps no different than a multinational corporation that has outgrown geographical, regional and cultural barriers including language and ritual. Take for instance longstanding ones like the Ramakrishna Mission headquartered in Belur Math, Howrah, and the Brahmakumaris whose apex office is in Mt Abu, Rajasthan, though it was founded in Sind that is in Pakistan today. In their formative years, both the RK Mission and Brahmakumaris had strong local flavour with decision makers hailing from a specific community (Bengalis in the RK Mission and Sindhis in Brahmakumaris). Over time, with internationalisation of these organiisations, the profile of leadership and members of their decision-making bodies have undergone a significant change where clan, community and language no longer dominate selection.The director of the Brahmakumaris' Om Shanti Retreat in Gurgaon in the National Capital Region, Sister Asha clarifies that although the top three women decision makers at Mt Abu are from Sindh as they are founder-members - Dadi Janki, Dadi Hridaya Mohini and Dadi Ratan Mohini -- their male counterparts in the six-member apex body, Brothers Nirvair, Ramesh and Brijmohan, are from Punjab, Gujarat and Delhi respectively. Of the eleven members of the committee that reports to the apex body, only three are Sindhi while the rest include decision makers who are Bengali, Kannadiga, Marwari. Marathi and Uttar Pradeshi. Clearly, kinship is no longer the password to enter boardrooms of spiritual bodies whose constituency is global.At the Belur Math HQ, the RK Mission President may be Bengali but is not Bengal-born; he has spent most of his life in Gujarat and is fluent in several languages. The head of the mission in Delhi is Tamil as is one of the two vice presidents at Belur Math. \"If the intake at the Mission tends to be more from Bengal that is only because people there take to the Mission like ducks take to water; there is spontaneous interest purely because of proximity,\" explains the Delhi chief who points out that the vice chancellor of the Vivekananda University is a also a non-Bengali. He adds\" \"Our life is oriented differently, to work among people and wherever we make an impact, naturally people there tend to evince greater interest and grow in the organization, and this is how we have so many Tamils in the mission - Swami Vivekananda's visit to Tamilnadu made a great impression that continues to this day.\"The Brahmakumaris have divided the world into different zones for purely administrative purposes, with locals tending to local issues. \"In America, you'll get American flavour and in Brazil, the flavor will be Brazilian,\" says a functionary. Much like MacDonald's, the art of growth and survival of a globalizing organisation lies in its adaptability, democratic functioning and inclusive approach to ensure its role as common denominator, reaching across demographics and cultures. This is evident too in spiritual organizations that have grown rapidly in the past couple of decades like the Art of Living and Isha foundations, for example, reaching out to not just a domestic constituency but to the whole wide world, web-like in networking and as supple and versatile as gymnasts in landing gracefully on their feet despite all the permutations and combinations that are formulated and offered to appeal to a wider audience - within the ambit of their chosen school of philosophy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16620346", "title": "Teachers told to lead by example", "text": "KOCHI: Teachers should take up leadership roles in the changed education system to earn the respect of the society as well as students, said Dr John Guy , senior education adviser of Cambridge international examinations (CIE), adding that the society no longer placed teachers on a high pedestal.Redefining the role of teachers in molding students as leaders in today's interconnected world, the educationist said pupils should be taught to focus on independent thinking.\"We support schools to develop students who are confident, responsible, reflective, and innovative and engaged. This approach fosters active learners who have a love for learning, are driven and engaged at all levels with their education,\" said Guy.Meanwhile, the CIE is taking its exams process online to cut costs, save time and also to monitor examiners effectively. \"Right now the question papers are mailed to the schools and after the examination, the answer scripts are posted to the CIE for evaluation which is then sent to the examiners,\" said William Bickerdike, regional manager, CIE.The process would be completed in all International General Certificate of Secondary Education (IGCSE) schools by 2015.The IGCSE has introduced a new elective subject, Global Perspectives, as part of its international curriculum.\"This is ideal for the global student, who is going places for higher education. This is a pre-university qualification and has been tailor-made for students planning to take up research.John Guy, senior education adviser of Cambridge international examinations (CIE), said pupils should be taught to focus on independent thinking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16618459", "title": "Cardiologists to educate common man on helping heart patients", "text": "NAGPUR: In view of the rising heart ailments among women and children, the new team of Vidarbha chapter of Cardiological Society of India has decided to spread awareness among this group. The team will be also working on bringing the latest technology in the field of cardiology to the region.The team was installed on Sunday. Renowned cardiologist Dr Nirmal Jaiswal took over as the president while Dr Girish Deshpande as the secretary. Famous cardiologist and managing director of Mumbai's Asian Heart Institute Dr Ramakant Panda was the chief guest.\"Even a common man should know how to help a person who has suffered a heart attack. In this situation every moment counts. So, basic knowledge of life support techniques can help in saving a life till the doctor arrives,\" said Dr Jaiswal. The team would be conducting awareness programmes at various places like schools, colleges and other institutions, especially focusing on women's health, he said.The team would give training on both latest and basic heart care techniques. \"We would work as facilitators to bring the latest technology being used the world over into the city and region. At the same time, paramedics and other health workers will be trained in the basics to equip more people for helping heart patients,\" said Dr Deshpande.Dr Jaiswal hoped that there is reduction in consumption of junk food while Dr Deshpande said people should start switching to a healthy lifestyle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16621535", "title": "Jharkhand not to allow FDI in retail, says chief minister", "text": "RANCHI: Putting end to all speculations, the Jharkhand government on Sunday announced that it would not allow foreign direct investment (FDI) in retail sector.Chief minister Arjun Munda announced the government's decision after holding discussions with coalition partners - Jharkhand Mukti Morcha, Ajsu Party and Janata Dal (United) - and traders of Jharkhand.\"From the very first day, I was personally against allowing FDI in Jharkhand as it will affect the livelihood of thousands of traders across the state but keeping in the compulsion of coalition politics I did not take any decision in a hurry. My own party (BJP) was already against the decision of the Centre. Now after consulting all the coalition partners and taking feedback from traders, I have reached to the conclusion that FDI will not be good for Jharkhand. My government will not allow FDI in retail,\" said Munda.He stressed that all the coalition partners in the government were unanimous about not allowing FDI in retail and harm the traders. \"Since there is a provision in the central act which allows the state to take final decision, I feel that our decision (not to allow FDI in retail) will remain same in future,\" Munda added.Welcoming the decision of the state government, Federation of Jharkhand Chamber of Commerce and Industries president Ranjeet Tibrewal said this would save livelihoods of at least two lakh families which are dependent on retail trade. \"We are happy that the state government has accepted our request and decided to stand in support of over two lakh retailers of Jharkhand,\" said Tibrewal.The chief minister also announced that the state government would implement the Food and Safety Act in the state which would ensure quality and hygienic food products to local people.Recently, I met some youths from China, Russia, Morocco and England and all of them unanimously said India was low on hygiene. I want that we should change this perception not only by implementing Acts but also by bringing changes in our lifestyle and keeping the surroundings clean,\" Munda added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16620473", "title": "IIT panel holds health camp in Barasirohi village", "text": "KANPUR: Vivekananda Samiti a panel based in IIT-Kanpur organised a general health camp at Shiksha Sopan Swavalamban Kendra at Barasirohi village near IIT-Kanpur from 10 am to 2 pm on Sunday.The camp was planned and executed by students of IIT-Kanpur under the Community Health Services (CHS) initiative of Vivekananda Samiti, IIT-Kanpur, in association with volunteers from Shiksha Sopan, an NGO working for education of underpriviliged children of villages around IIT-Kanpur and Ramakrishna Mission Hospital, Gumti No.5.Four city doctors who volunteered free service were Dr GK Tiwari, Dr RM Gupta, Dr Mohita Gulati and Dr Sutapa Mandal, all of whom offer their services regularly at Ramakrishna Mission Hospital. Over 30 committed volunteers from Vivekananda Samiti and Shiksha Sopan rendered voluntary services to carry out the camp smoothly. The team of doctors examined 516 patients from village. The number was higher than the expected target of 400 with surprisingly overwhelming response from home as well. Free consultation and medication was offered to visitors, while malnourished children were administered ProteinX. Cases of malaria and typhoid also came up and were directed for further treatment after preliminary medication.This was third in a series of camps planned by CHS, Vivekananda Samiti in association with Shiksha Sopan and Ramakrishna Mission Hospital in this semester at IIT-Kanpur, the next being tentatively scheduled on November 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16620620", "title": "Flyovers Ground Traffic", "text": "KOLKATA: Zip, zap, zoom. That was the routine for motorists ever since the AJC Bose Road-Park Circus flyover was inaugurated in 2003. But things took a U-turn after work on a new ramp on the flyover started in 2009. Now, a 15-minute wait in the middle of the flyover is the order of the day.Commuters have been suffering because of delay in completion of two other flyovers too - one connecting Parama Island to Park Circus and the Vivekananda Road flyover. Both flyovers have been under way for long, creating severe congestions, much to the inconvenience of motorists. The authorities have set a pre-2013 Puja deadline for both projects.The new ramp is, however, expected to be opened to traffic any day this month. But will it put an end to commuters' woes? Some feel that on the contrary, the ramp may actually trigger new problems at the Shakespeare Sarani crossing as thousands of vehicles will converge on it after getting off the ramp.Industrialist J K Saraf, who has his office in Auckland Place, said the construction of the new ramp has created a traffic mess in front of his office. \"Several important offices are located in this area, so the HRBC should immediately open the ramp.\"Construction of the Vivekananda Road flyover, which will connect Girish Park and Nimtola Ghat Street to Howrah bridge, started after much delay following some technical problems. The water pipelines beneath the flyover had held up work. After the work finally took off in 2009, it again got almost stalled last year following some technical problems as well as objections from the local residents who complained that the flyover was almost touching their houses. A section of residents even moved court over this. The KMDA authorities had to make a slight re-alignment.But throughout, commuters have suffered the chaos. Last week, Howrah resident Santanu Ghosh was on his way to Nimtola Ghat to attend the cremation of a relative, when he got stuck in a jam on Strand Bank Road. By the time he reached Nimtola, the cremation was over. \"I was stuck for about an hour in the car while it does not take more than 15 minutes to reach Nimtola ghat from the Howrah bridge-end on foot,\" he fumed.The Parama Island to Park Circus flyover was conceptualised way back in 2003 by a committee that was formed by the transport department. Construction finally started in February 2010 after a long delay. Work is now going on in full swing to meet the August 2013 deadline. Motorists who suffer the chaos at the Parama Island junction every day hope that the authorities will be able to complete work without any further delay. The massive traffic jams stretching to the EM Bypass and the Park Circus connector get particularly bad during the peak office hours.\"Passing the stretch daily during office hours is a tremendous headache. There are bumper-to-bumper jams on the stretch every day,\" said Chayan Dhar, a resident of Salt Lake who takes the road daily for work.KMDA chief executive officer Vivek Bharadwaj said he fully understood the inconvenience of the commuters. \"The ongoing construction work has affected traffic very badly. We are trying our best to smoothen traffic movement before the Pujas,\" he said.A flyover at the Dunlop traffic intersection on BT Road constructed by the PWD was thrown open to traffic on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16618926", "title": "West European diplomat accused of stealing sculptor's iPhone in Delhi", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16624810", "title": "Microsoft proposes over Rs 5 lakh fee for new category of H-1B visa", "text": "WASHINGTON: In a proposal that will hit Indian IT companies the most, US software giant Microsoft Corporation has suggested a whopping fee of $10,000 (over Rs 5 lakh) for a new category of H-1B visas and $15,000 (more than Rs 7.5 lakh) for permanent residency or Green Card.This could raise a huge $5 billion over a decade, it said.Both the new categories of H-1B and Green Cards, according to the Microsoft plan, would have an annual capacity of 20,000 and would be restricted to STEM (science, technology, engineering and math).The money thus raised, according to the US company, would be used for the STEM education programmes.Given that Indian techies grab the maximum number of H-1B visas, such a proposal if accepted by the Congress would hit the Indian IT companies the most.Such a proposal from Microsoft comes at a time when the visiting External Affairs Minister, SM Krishna, is expected to raise the issue of increase in H-1B visas last year in his meeting with the Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, in New York early this week.The proposal was revealed at a Washington-based think-tank gathering last week by Brad Smith , general counsel &amp; executive vice president, legal &amp; corporate Affairs, of Microsoft.He said the money thus raised would be used to generate the necessary skilled manpower in the coming years.Microsoft currently has an opening of 6,000 jobs in the country, of which more than 3,400 jobs are for researchers, developers and engineers.\"Too few American students -- especially students who have historically been underserved and underrepresented -- are achieving the levels of education required to secure jobs in innovation-based industries,\" he said in his remarks to the Brookings Institute, an eminent American think tank.\"An effective national talent strategy therefore needs to combine long-term improvements in STEM education in the United States with targeted, short-term, high-skilled immigration reforms.\"If done right, the latter can help fund the former, and our white paper outlines specific recommendations,\" he said.Microsoft, he said, believes this initiative should include, among other things, funding for states to strengthen K-12 STEM education.This is by providing additional resources to recruit and train STEM teachers, broaden access to computer science in high school and expand higher education capacity to produce more STEM degrees.In his speech, Smith said Congress should create a new, supplemental category with 20,000 visas annually for STEM skills that are in short supply.\"In addition, Congress should take advantage of prior unused green cards by making a supplemental allocation of 20,000 new green card slots for workers with STEM skills, Smith said.Simultaneously, Microsoft released \"A National Talent Strategy\" policy paper with details of its proposals.\"To provide employers with immediate access to the highly talented STEM professionals that their businesses need, a new allocation of 20,000 H-1B visas for foreign nationals with a US bachelor's degree or equivalent foreign degree in a STEM discipline should be established,\" said the 32-page policy paper.To qualify for these visas, it said, employers would be required to make an investment of $ 10,000 toward the development of future American STEM workers for each visa sought from the new allocation.According to the policy paper, Microsoft conceded, this proposal will not solve the broad shortage of H-1B visas overall, given the stark disparity between the current supply of H-1B visas and the demand for skilled workers -- particularly during periods of economic growth.\"But it will make an appreciable impact in addressing the talent crisis many businesses face today due to the shortage of high skilled STEM workers,\" it said.\"In addition to improving the ability of private-sector employers to meet their STEM-based workforce needs, full utilisation of this new allocation of visas would generate $ 200 million in investments for the American STEM pipeline annually.\"The incentive of immediate visa availability for STEM professionals would also connect participating employers' staffing strategies today directly to the effort to rebuild the American STEM pipeline for tomorrow,\" it added.Microsoft recommends recapturing 20,000 unused employment based green card numbers annually to reduce the green card backlog and generate up to $300 million per annum for new investments in the American STEM pipeline.This would help address the backlog and enable employers to retain targeted high-skilled foreign workers and attract the best and brightest from around the world.\"To qualify for these green card numbers, employers would invest $ 15,000 for the development of future American STEM workers for each green card number made available through recapture\", the policy paper said.The green card numbers should be assignable only to employees who already have an approved PERM labor certification and/ or I-140 immigrant visa petition, making them eligible for immediate processing of their green card applications, it said.\"Based on our own analysis, we believe that it would be fair and feasible to require an investment of $ 10,000 for each of these new STEM visas and $ 15,000 for each of these new STEM green cards.\"This would raise up to $ 500 million per year - or $ 5 billion over a decade -- that the federal government could use to distribute to the states where STEM education investments are needed, ' Microsoft said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16620571", "title": "Man knocked down by youth", "text": "INDORE: In a pre-planned murder a motorbike-borne man was knocked down by three persons in an Alto car in Mahidpur area of Ujjain district late night on September 26. As it turned out, police found that the murder was committed as the deceased had unnatural sex with Gopal Jaat, who had been harassing his wife, and made an MMS clip of the act.Superintendent of police (SP), Ujjain, Rakesh Gupta told TOI that Subhash Jaat, 28, son of Khemraj Jaat was fed up as Gopal Jaat was sending lewd messages to his wife for the last several years. Earlier, Subhash tried to stop Gopal, but the latter did not mend his way.Gupta said that in a bid to teach Gopal a lesson Subhash invited him to his residence and forced him to strip and had unnatural sex with him and made an MMS clip of the act with the help of his wife. Subhash warned Gopal not to harass his wife else he would make the MMS clip public.Undeterred Gopal hatched a conspiracy to kill Subhash with the help of his few relatives, said the SP. On September 26, Gopal, his uncle Ramesh Jaat and cousin Basudev Jaat intercepted Subhash near Mahidpur and hit his motor bike with an Alto car MP 13 CA4268. All three accused and the deceased belong to Barukhedi village coming under Mahidpur police of Ujjain district.They left Subhash dead at the road and escaped. However, they committed a mistake and left their own vehicle at the spot, which helped police to reach to the real accused.Police arrested all the three accused on Saturday and also seized the MMS of unnatural sex, which allegedly took place between the two people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16621032", "title": "The \u2018job\u2019 factor", "text": "The placement season has started in Delhi University (DU) for the current academic session. A good number of students already have jobs in their hands, even as there is still a couple of months for them to graduate.Believing it to be a good start, colleges say that they are hoping the ongoing economic recession does not affect the placement drive.In many colleges, including Shri Ram College of Commerce (SRCC), Hindu, Kirori Mal, Gargi, Lady Shri Ram (LSR) College for Women, the recruitment process has already begun. Others like Shaheed Sukhdev College of Business Studies (SSCBS), Kamla Nehru, etc, will be beginning the process soon.While SRCC has already placed 55 students till now, Gargi and Hindu colleges have recruited around 30 students each. \"It is too early to comment on how it will shape up this year, but it has been a bright start. So far, five companies have come to our college including KPMG, Bain Capability Centre and Deloitte, among others, with about 55 students having been offered jobs,\" says CS Sharma, faculty and in-charge of placement cell, SRCC.Adding to it, he says that this is just the start, as major recruitment will happen only by October-end . I don't think economic recession has affected us. The highest pay package offered as of now has been of eight lakh per-annum , but it will rise when the placement season will be at its peak. On the other hand, Poonam Verma, principal of SSCBS, feels recession may hit the placement scenario adversely. \"The visiting companies like McKinsey Knowledge Centre, The Smart Cube, among others, are holding interactions with students. The recruitment process will begin shortly. While the cloud of economic recession is cause for concern, we are still hopeful of having good placements.\"SSCBS is currently holding pre-placement talks, where companies discuss the recruitment process, share data and job opportunities with prospective candidates. Gargi College on south campus has had companies like Ernst &amp; Young, KPMG approach the college, with a five lakh perannum package being the highest pay packet offered in the first session.\"Despite the economy slowing down, the start has been positive so far. Around 30 students have bagged job offers in positions of analysts, researchers, auditor, etc. The packages offered are between Rs 2.4 and 5 lakh annually,\" adds Shalini Majumdar, final-year student of BA (H) business economics and placement incharge of Gargi College.Pradumn Kumar, principal, Hindu College, also believes the year could see good placement offers as a couple of companies are turning up on campus.At a glanceThe highest pay packet offered at SRCC has been of eight lakh per annum , but it is likely to increase when the placement season is at its peak Gargi college on South Campus has had companies approaching with a package of five lakh per annum , the highest to be offered in the first session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16619768", "title": "Training for court mediators begins", "text": "BELGAUM: High court judge KL Manjunath inaugurated a five-day training programme for mediators at the city court here on Sunday.The establishment of mediation centres at courts have helped solve many cases and lessened the burden of court which is lacking adequate staff and required technologies. Almost 90 to 95 per cent cases are solved through such centres. It enables litigants save money, time and energy, he said. There are instances that some cases are pending even after 25 years. These centres help sort out cases without much delay, he added. During the five-day training, nearly 17 lawyers will undergo training. Two trainers from Bangalore will impart training till October 3. The mediation centre in Belgaum court was established three years ago. In 60 days, cases which are registered at mediation centre should be disbursed otherwise it will be sent to the court concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16621310", "title": "Govt needs to address the problem of soil erosion: Nisha Agrawal", "text": "Nisha Agrawal, CEO Of Oxfam India, a humanitarian organization, talks to Naresh Mitra about the role they played in providing relief to the victims of the recent floods in the state and violence in the BTAD and their plans for Assam.Q. Tell us about Oxfam India's activities in Assam...A. Assam is one of the seven states where Oxfam India is very active. We are working with our local partners here to provide relief to people in disaster. Besides, we have joined hands with a Guwahati-based organization called the Society for Social Transformation and Environmental Protection to help street vendors earn livelihood.Q. What made you focus on Assam?A. We selected seven states on the basis of their socio-economic and healthcare status. Bihar , Chhattisgarh , Jharkhand , Orissa, Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand were chosen apart from Assam. While in Assam our focus is on disaster management, in the other states we are also working in areas of gender justice and food security.Q. This year, you were involved in providing relief to the flood victims of Morigaon and Sonitpur districts...A. The floods this year were one of the worst in recent times. So we provided humanitarian assistance in the areas of public health, sanitation, livelihood and cash-for-work activities. But a bigger threat than floods in Assam is soil erosion. Huge chunks of land are being washed away. Villagers are staring at an uncertain future. This is one area which needs serious government attention.Q. Apart from government intervention, what do you suggest should be done in the area of soil erosion?A. Floods can be tackled only when they occur. But erosion is an ongoing process. So serious is the problem that people don't know when they will have to shift. Both the National Disaster Management Authority and the Assam State Disaster Management Authority should address the problem. It is extremely important for Assam to have a long-term solution.Q. With climate change and global warming affecting rainfall patterns, is Oxfam also planning to work in the area of climate-induced disasters?A. At the global level, Oxfam is actively working in this area. Global warming concerns India also as it is a large economy now and contributes to global warming. Even in places like the Northeast, there are changes in the rainfall pattern. We cannot say if they are because of climate change. But we are concerned and would want to help communities meet the challenges of climate-induced disasters.Q. Tell us about your experience in dealing with the victims of riots in relief camps?A. We are providing humanitarian assistance to victims in 30 relief camps in Kokrajhar and Chirang. But the government should provide shelter, security and rehabilitation on a more urgent basis as winter is approaching. The government has its plans in place, but things are moving slowly.Q. The government is going through a process of verification of land documents before rehabilitating the displaced. Is this slowing down rehabilitation work?A. The verification process can go on. But along with it humanitarian needs should also be addressed. The people are restless and want to return home. Many are staying in relief camps only for food because they know they will not get anything once they go back to their villages. So our suggestion is that the public distribution system should be made available to the affected till they start cultivation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16620991", "title": "Gas leak at Tilak Chowk, mishap averted", "text": "PUNE: Gas leaking from an LPG cylinder at a stall near the Pune Municipal Corporation pandal at Tilak Chowk created panic during the early hours of Sunday.A senior police officer who was on the spottold TOI that the leak could have caused a massive tragedy as workers of mandals were bursting firecrackers. Sangram Deshmukh, a fireman of the Pune fire brigade who was at the pandal, stopped the leak and moved the cylinder away from a food stall. Around 1am, people in the chowk smelled LPG near the pandal. Deshmukh checked all the stalls nearby and found the source to be a closed food stall near the Vithhal Temple.He said with the help of the police, he broke the lock of the stall and switched off the regulator.\"The cylinder was not leaking. But the stall owner had not switched off the regulator properly, due to which the gas started leaking,\" Deshmukh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "siliguri", "code": "16618890", "title": "Three Indian referees to turn pro", "text": "SILIGURI: In a first in Indian football, three senior referees are set to turn pro next month. The move is part of the Professional Refereeing Project, which was kicked off in June and aimed at initiating a \"small but significant step\" towards professionalizing the game in the country.The All India Football Federation (AIFF) will sign a contract with Tamil Nadu's CR Srikrishna, Kerala's MB Santosh Kumar and Pratap Singh of Services here on October 4. The trio will initially be given a contract for 20 matches, during which they will also come under an insurance cover.\"The decision of bringing the referees under a professional contract has been taken on an experimental basis. This is a small but significant step towards professionalizing Indian football,\" Goutam Kar, head of referees' committee at the AIFF, revealed on Sunday.Srikrishna was recently named the best referee of the 2011-2012 season, nudging out the challenge of Santosh Kumar and Pratap Singh. The three referees will officiate most of the I-League matches this season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16623997", "title": "Luv Shuv Tey Chicken Khurana", "text": "CreditsDirector: Sameer Sharma Cast: Kunal Kapoor, Huma Qureshi, Rajesh Sharma, Vipin Sharma, Vinod Nagpal, Dolly Ahluwalia, Herry Tangri, Rajendra Sethi Producer: Anurag Kashyap, Ronnie Screwvala, Siddharth Roy Kapur Banner: UTV Spot Boy, AKFPL Production, Jar Pictures Genre: Comedy Release Date: Nov 2, 2012SynopsisOmi Khurana's London dream has just ended. On the run from a dangerous UK gangster who he owes money to, Omi returns to his native village in Punjab, pretending to be a well-heeled London lawyer. Much has changed since Omi ran away from home a decade back after stealing money from his doting grandfather, Darji. The old man has since become senile and most importantly, forgotten the secret recipe of \"Chicken Khurana\" a dish that made the Khurana dhaba (restaurant) famous across Punjab. Omi's childhood sweetheart, Harman is soon to be married to his cousin, Jeet, though neither seems too happy about it.Adding to the quirkiness of the Khurana family is a free loader uncle, Titu, who once did a stint at a mental asylum. Will Omi be able to cover his deceit and lies for long, even as he tries to recover the lost recipe of \"Chicken Khurana\" - the family's only hope to reclaim their pride &amp; wealth.Luv Shuv Tey Chicken Khurana - a delectable comedy served up this 2nd November by the team that gave you Khosla Ka Ghosla &amp; Dev D.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16621031", "title": "Credit system", "text": "Jamia Millia Islamia, introducing a change in its academic programme, has adopted the credit transfer system at the postgraduate level across all its schools.The credit system will allow students to opt for courses at the postgraduate level cutting across disciplines , which will bring in greater flexibility and multiplicity in academic programmes of the university.\"The idea behind the initiative is to promote interdisciplinary study by giving students a wider choice of subjects . This will enable students to acquire holistic knowledge, a better understanding of the world, as well as help them evolve as better citizens,\" says Simi Malhotra, faculty and media coordinator of the university.Under the credit system, out of the 16 papers that students are required to opt for in course of the two-year postgraduate programme, students can now choose two papers from other departments .Elaborating, she says, a student pursuing MA in any department of the faculty of humanities &amp; languages can now choose courses from a range of other disciplines within the faculty or others like faculty of social sciences as well as from various centres such as centre for Jawaharlal Nehru studies, Dalit &amp; minorities, peace &amp; conflict resolution , culture, media and governance , study of comparative religion and civilisation, etc.Also, the university proposes to increase the number of courses from two to four in future. This would mean that students would be able to do four out of 16 courses from outside their department , where they are registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16620586", "title": "Opposition blames Karnataka govt for Cauvery crisis", "text": "BANGALORE: The opposition parties- Congress and JD(S) on Sunday blamed the state government for messing up the Cauvery issue.Holding the BJP government responsible for the troubled situation in the Cauvery basin, opposition leader in the legislative assembly Siddaramaiah has demanded the resignation of chief minister Jagadish Shettar.State JD(S) chief HD Kumaraswamy said the state government had failed to present the case properly thus harming the farmers' interests.Siddaramaiah told reporters here on Sunday that the government had failed to manage the situation and convince the Supreme Court about the prevailing water crisis in the state. \"The BJP, which is immersed in its own internal squabbles, neglected the Cauvery issue. Because of the government's failure, the people of the state are suffering. Why didn't the government file a review petition in the apex court,'' he asked.Siddaramaiah said the government failed to give enough materials, facts and figures to legal experts. Justifying the farmers' agitation, he said Congress would support the agitators if needed. Dismissing the government's theory that opposition was supporting the decision to release water to Tamil Nadu , Siddaramaiah said \"it was baseless.\"He also flayed the stand taken by former Prime minister and JD(S) supremo H Deve Gowda, who suggested to the government to release some water to Tamil Nadu. \"Instead of crying, he (Gowda) could have given better legal ideas to the government,\" Siddaramaiah said.G Parameshwara, KPCC president, expressed unhappiness over the CM restricting discussion on Cauvery issue to only floor leaders. \"Shettar should have called a meeting of all the political parties to elicit more views. The government totally erred in handling this sensitive issue,\" he said.Parameshwara declined to comment when reminded that former CM SM Krishna had also released water overnight, after staging padayatra (walkathon) to Mandya to protect state's interest.Former water resources minister HK Patil said the government instead of conducting pujas, should go in for cloud seeding in Cauvery basin, which according to him would improve rain situation by 25%. Another former minister BK Chandrashekar said the government before attending the Cauvery River Authority (CRA) meet should have held discussions with the former PM, CMs and water resource experts.Kumaraswamy said on Sunday that the Prime Minister had succumbed to pressure tactics by Tamil Nadu.Speaking at a party programme at Gowribidanur he blamed the neighbouring Tamli Nadu government for indulging in petty politics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16620728", "title": "Five tips to secure your retirement corpus", "text": "Fix corpus, choose investment avenueAs with any goal, the first step is to calculate the amount you want in the given time. Since building a retirement corpus is a long-term goal, your investments will vary accordingly, and the earlier you start, the better it is. So, at 35 years, if your monthly expense is 50,000 and you want to maintain this level for 15 years after retirement, you will have to invest 29,112 a month (at an annualised return of 10% and inflation rate of 6%). However , a 45-year-old will have to invest 93,196, while a 25-year-old will have to invest only 10,174 a month. If you start saving early, ensure that at least 75% of the monthly investment is in equity. For the debt portion, you can depend on your monthly contribution to EPF and investment in the PPF. If three-fourths of a portfolio in equity is too risky for you, invest about 30% of your surplus in debt mutual funds. Review the portfolio regularly to ensure your investment is on track.Repay debt before you retireWhen you retire, chances are that you will have no regular income. In such a scenario, it is important that you are not stuck with any loan repayments as these will deplete your savings fast. So, if you've taken a home loan, make sure that you repay the entire amount before you hang up your boots, even if it means paying a higher EMI to reduce the tenure. In the case of insurance, there will be few policies that will be mandatory even after retirement, such as car insurance, but for other insurance like a health plan, ensure that you buy these early, because the older you are, the higher the premium that you will be required to pay.Build a contingency fundA medical emergency can cripple the best of finances, and for retirees, it could be disastrous. Besides, there are very few health insurance options for retirees, and the ones that are available, are expensive or offer small covers. It is worse for people who depend on health plans provided by their employers during their working lives. It's best to buy a health plan early, but apart from this, keep a contingency fund, usually 5% of the total corpus built, for medical emergencies. This should be put in a liquid fund so that it is available readily.Tweak your portfolioInvesting in equity is important for creating a retirement corpus as it gives good returns. However , as you shift closer to sunset years, reduce the equity portion and increase debt in your portfolio . So, if you start investing at 35 years, 75% of your portfolio could be in equity, but at least five years before you retire, equity should not comprise over 40% of the portfolio. You can either use systematic withdrawal plans to shift the money from equity to debt instruments, or move a sizeable part of corpus to bank deposits . However, just because you are retiring does not mean that you have to give up on equity entirely ; invest 15-20 % of your portfolio in equity funds.Bank on reverse mortgageWhether it's a child's higher education or a medical exigency, you may suddenly find yourself short of the planned retirement corpus. If you find yourself in such a situation, and own a house, the safest way to ensure a regular income is reverse mortgage. Under this scheme, home owners above 60 years of age can convert a part of their self-owned home into income without having to sell it.The bank calculates the value of the house and fixes a percentage of its current value as loan amount. This is based on certain parameters and typically, the loan amount is 60-70 % of the market value of the property. After you and your spouse die, the house is sold by the bank to recover the loan amount, and the balance is given to your heirs. Your heirs could also buy the house from the bank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16623765", "title": "City mayor launches anti-rabies vaccine at subsidized rates", "text": "CHANDIGARH: City mayor Rajbala Malik launched the anti-rabies vaccine at subsidized rates to the dog bitten victims in the city on Friday. The launching program was organised at sector 19-A based civil dispensary.A program was organised at civil dispensary sector 19-A in this regard, in which dog bite victims have been offered flowers and juice by the Mayor and Commissioner. During the function city Mayor Rajbala Malik said that as per the decision taken in the general house meeting the Municipal Corporation, the authority will provide 80 percent subsidy to the dog bite victims on the vaccination and rest 20 percent vaccination charges will be borne by the victims themselves.Giving information on the occasion, medical officer of health wing of the MC Dr B.K. Salwan said that that the timings of vaccination will be from 8 am to 1 pm during summers and from 9 am to 2 pm during the winter days.Municipal Commissioner Vivek Partap Singh, additional commissioner Sunil Bhatia, Medical Officer of Health Dr BK Salwan, municipal Councillors and other officers of the Chandigarh Municipal Corporation were also present on the occasion. The decision to give vaccination on subsidized rates to the dog bite victims was decided by general house meeting in the month of August.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16619948", "title": "CBSE extends dates for backpaper forms", "text": "LUCKNOW: Here is another chance for class XII passed students, who have missed out to fill up their improvement for the Joint Entrance Examination (JEE) 2013. In view of the new pattern of JEE, which is the gateway for undergraduate engineering courses in coveted IITs, NITs and other centrally-funded technical institutions, Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) has extended the dates for filling up improvement forms for both regular and private candidates. Such students are required to appear in all subjects as per the scheme of studies for the board examinations in 2013.As per the revised schedule, students can fill up the improvement form till October 15 without late fee. With late fee of Rs 250, students can fill up the improvement till October 31, and with late fee amounting to Rs 350, the last date is November 15. The board has kept the final date as January 15 by charging late fee of Rs 5,000.CBSE coordinator, Lucknow Jawaid Alam Khan said, \"The information that students who have passed class XII will have to appear in all subjects in order to improve their performance came in after the last date for filling up improvement was over. Generally, students had applied for improvement in some subjects in which they have scored low.\"Khan informed that after regional centres took their problem to the board, the board not only extended the dates, but has also allowed candidates, who are desirous of appearing in JEE 2013 to apply for improvement in all subjects. For this students are supposed to send their request for remaining subjects to the board for improvement along with the balance fee to the concerned regional office. Such candidates should send the demand draft (DD) of the balance fee with the details on the reverse regarding their name and address, earlier DD number, date, amount and issuing bank and roll number of 2012 examination along with the forwarding letter stating the subjects already applied for and the remaining subjects to be offered for improvement of performance examination, 2013 to the regional office.The board's decision gave respite not only to the students, but also the concerned teachers. However experts pointed out that the problem in various state boards is that there is no provision of improvement.In fact, it is unclear that whether a student will have to take improvement in theory and practical papers or only theory. Under such circumstances, students especially from rural areas will be at receiving end. \"Students from rural areas will lag behind due to the inclusion of board's marks. It is irrational, as in rural places, there are no proper classes and teachers, It will, hence trigger backwardness as far as economic development is concerned,\" said Aditya Kumar, a physics teacher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16619224", "title": "11 Kurla kids suffer burns in bonfire", "text": "MUMBAI: A group of 11 children, aged between 6 and 13 years, sustained burns while they were playing near their homes in Kurla (W) on Sunday. Doctors of Bhabha Hospital confirmed that four children had suffered 25% burns. They were later transferred to the Sion hospital, better burn treatment facility, along with two other kids. One child has been kept under observation at Bhabha Hospital. The rest have sustained minor injuries.The incident took place around 4.56pm at Achanak Nagar's chawl no 7. The children had collected heaps of waste paper, plastic and other material thrown on the road by revellers during Ganpati immersion on Saturday. They then set it on fire and begun playing around it. \"According to our information, there was an explosion after the children lit a fire,\" said medical superintendant of Bhabha Hospital, Dr Mahendra Wadiwala.\"A blown-up container of anti-rust chemical was found at the spot. The exact cause of the fire is yet to be ascertained. The chemical was inflammable,\" said a police official. Interestingly, while the bomb detection and disposal squad was summoned to the spot, the fire brigade wasn't.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16621027", "title": "Government waives 157crore interest dues of housing board residents", "text": "CHENNAI: In what could be a big bonanza for hundreds of residents allotted Tamil Nadu Housing Board flats and paying high penal interest rates, the state government has come up with a comprehensive scheme to waive interest to the tune of 157.19 crore.Several owners, who availed of TNHB's LIG, MIG and HIG flats, either under the monthly installment scheme or the outright purchase scheme, would benefit from the move. There are several defaulters in the 'outright purchase scheme' as well with beneficiaries not keeping their commitments.Officials told TOI that the government's decision would ease the interest burden of 82,600 beneficiaries across the state. The housing and urban development department issued an order on Friday to this effect, after the recent state cabinet meet chaired by chief minister J Jayalalithaa decided to do away with the penal interest to help them get their sale deeds soon.\"We have been flooded with requests from flat owners as well as the board, which has been caught in a huge number of litigations,\" said a senior government official. So the government decided to waive the penal interests and try to get as much as they can from the defaulters, said sources. The scheme will be in place for six months and those availing the interest waiver can use the opportunity to get their sale deeds by paying the remaining pending amounts.As per the scheme, the government offers a relief of 44.75 crore towards penal interest on default of monthly installments, benefitting 44,794 TNHB flat owners. Another 10,071 flat owners will reap the benefit of waiver of interest added to the capital amount. This would cost the government a additional 26.36 crore. That apart, the government offered relief to 21,997 beneficiaries, who were caught in the escalation of cost and interest, after original land owners moved the court objecting to the low price offered by the TNHB. In land acquisition cases, the courts had awarded enhanced compensation and TNHB was forced to pass on this additional cost with interest to the flat owners.\"The government has now come to the rescue with a waiver of 81.51 crore,\" a senior government official said. Unable to bear the additional cost, many beneficiaries even moved court seeking remedy. The housing department, during the previous DMK government, introduced a similar waiver scheme in February 2011, but ceased to operate within four months.Government sources said that most of the beneficiaries could not make use of the scheme as the time available was too short. \"Also, the stipulated time was covered by assembly elections and there was restriction on movement of cash. Only 17,728 beneficiaries could make use of it and got sale deeds,\" sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16618722", "title": "Cricketers to light up Indian Grand Prix", "text": "NEW DELHI: The adrenaline rush of a Formula One race is massive, and so is the glitz and glamour on the track side. The concoction is irresistible.As the second edition of the Airtel Indian Grand Prix nears, news is that several top cricketers will be adding charisma to the event.The inaugural edition of the GP witnessed Sachin Tendulkar flagging off the race while teammates Virender Sehwag and Harbhajan Singh joined him in the paddock. This time around, at the Buddh International Circuit (BIC) in Greater Noida on October 28, the cricketing stardom is set to make a bigger presence.Apart from Tendulkar, Indian skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni, Virat Kohli, Yuvraj Singh and Harbhajan have already confirmed to the organiser Jaypee Sports International Limited (JPSI) that they would be present for the race.\"Most of the cricketers apart from Tendulkar will be guests of Sahara Force India. The Mumbai maestro, of course, is a good friend of Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone and he won't miss this race for sure,\" a BIC official told TOI on Sunday.In fact, it was Bernie who wanted Tendulkar to flag off the inaugural race last year. \"Bernie has the final say on who flags off a GP. Last year, he spoke to Tendulkar himself. This time, we expect him to decide on a name for this role sometime after the Japanese GP next week,\" the official added.Apart from the Indian cricketers, Sri Lankan star Kumar Sangakkara has also confirmed his presence. \"JPSI chairman Sameer Gaur had allotted the first ticket for Sangakkara,\" the BIC official said.Tennis star Sania Mirza will also be seen at the BIC paddocks during the race weekend. \"We have also extended invitation to some other athletes as well. We are expecting them to respond soon,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16619677", "title": "India accounts for just 3.5% of global research output", "text": "NEW DELHI: At a time when India is being looked at as the next big knowledge superpower, this could come as a shocker. Just 3.5% of global research output in 2010 was from India. In most disciplines, India's share in global research output was much below this overall average count.Sample this: India's share of world research output in clinical medicine was a paltry 1.9% in 2010, psychiatry (0.5%), neurosciences (1.4%), immunology (1.8%), molecular biology (2.1%) and environmental research (3.5%).In mathematics, India's share of world output stood at around 2% in 2010, while it was 17% for China. In case of materials sciences, India's share of world research was at 6.4% in 2010, while China's stood at 26% \u2014 a rise from 5% in 1996.While India's research on physics was 4.6% in 2010, China's stood at 19%.In 2010, India's largest shares of world research output were in chemistry (6.5%), materials science (6.4%), agricultural sciences (6.2%), pharmacology and toxicology (6.1%), microbiology (4.9%), physics (4.6%) and engineering (4.2%).India is often referred to as the next big place for computer sciences. But the figures on its research are abysmally low. Only 2.4% of global research on computer sciences was from India in 2010 while the world share moved to three emerging research economies - China (15%), Korea (6.3%) and Taiwan (5.7%).India's global share of research in economics stood at 0.7% in 2010 while in social sciences it was worse at 0.6%.The biggest declines in volume of research between 1981 and 2010 were in plant and animal sciences (-2.2%) and agricultural sciences (-1.6%). The most significant expansions were in pharmacology and toxicology (+4.2%), microbiology (+3.2%) and materials sciences (+3.1%).These are the findings of the study on India's research output and collaboration conducted by Thomson Reuters and recently submitted to the department of science and technology.\"India has been the sleeping giant of Asia. Research in the university sector, stagnant for at least two decades, is now accelerating but it will be a long haul to restore India as an Asian knowledge hub. Indian higher education is faced with powerful dilemmas and difficult choices - public/private, access/equity, uncertain regulation, different teaching standards and contested research quality,\" the report said.It pointed out that India's share of world output in engineering fell from 4.3% in 1981 to 2.2% by 1995. Later, India regained its lost share, increasing to 4.25 by 2010. However, even then, India was overtaken by China (16.4%), Korea (5.4%) and Taiwan (4.4%).India, where agriculture dominates economic standards, had quite a large share in agricultural sciences that averaged 7.45% between 1981 and 1995, well ahead of other emerging research economies. Its share, however, fell to 6.2% in 2010. Even in the field of plant and animal sciences, the global research output fell from 6.1% in 1981 to 3.9% in 2010.The report said, \"India has a long and distinguished history as a country of knowledge, learning and innovation. In the recent past, however, it has failed to realize its undoubted potential as a home for world class research.\"It added, \"During the 1980s and 90s, the output of India's research was almost static while other countries grew rapidly, particularly in Asia. China expanded with an intensity and drive that led it rapidly to overtake leading European countries in the volume of its research publications. India is just beginning on this gradient.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16619952", "title": "Youths extort ATM card from juvenile", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A group of eight persons, including seven juveniles, withdrew Rs 47,000 over a period of one month after extorting the ATM card of a juvenile's father in Sector 25. The only adult in the group, Rahul alias Chikna of Sector 25 has been arrested, while the others have been sent to the juvenile home on Sunday. The victim minor's father is an employee at the deputy commissioner (DC) office in Chandigarh. His ATM card, extorted from his son, was recovered from the possession of the accused. Rahul had earlier been arrested twice in two separate chain snatching incidents. The extorted ATM card was issued on an account with the State Bank of Patiala (SBP), Sector 17. SHO of PS 11 Gurmukh Singh said victim minor's father came to know about the fraudulently withdrawn cash from his account through his bank statement. His son narrated the incident when he inquired from the family members. In his statement to police, the complainant stated that accused Rahul and others repeatedly threatened his minor son to bring the ATM card from his house and withdrew a total of Rs 47,000 on different occasions during the last month. Accused Rahul was sent to police custody of a day and a case was registered at Sector 11 police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16621080", "title": "High court rejects 20 cases filed against Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation", "text": "PUNE: The Bombay high court on Friday rejected 20 cases filed against the Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) for its demolition drive against unauthorized constructions.\"Seventy people had filed cases in the high court against the PCMC, asking that the demolition of their unauthorised constructions be stopped. So far, the high court has rejected 20 of them,\" said Prakash Kadam, PCMC's additional commissioner.There are 1.1 lakh unauthorised constructions in Pimpri-Chinchwad. tnnThe civic administration has sent notices to the owners directing them to remove the unauthorised constructions and is also conducting a major drive to demolish these constructions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16621254", "title": "32 ration sorties for flood-affected Anjaw", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh chief minister Nabam Tuki has approved 32 ration sorties for flood-ravaged Anjaw district, which has been delinked from the rest of the state for the past few weeks now.The sorties were approved on Saturday after local MLA Kalikho Pul apprised the CM of the plight of the flood-affected people due to shortage of essential commodities, official sources informed here on Sunday.\"With no possibility of restoration of road connectivity to district headquarters Hawai or any administrative headquarters for now, the IAF helicopters will provide immediate solace to the starving population, particularly the government employees and the students,\" Pul, who is also the economic adviser to Tuki, informed.Several people, especially students, are stranded at various places in the district with road communication links broken. On its way back, the chopper would pick them up from various destinations and drop them at Tezu, Pul said.The administrative officers led by deputy commissioner C S Jenaw have built and renovated helipads for the air sorties on humanitarian grounds at Hayuliang, Hawai, Chaglagam, Metnagliang, Goiliang, Manchal, Wallong and Kibitoo, Pul informed.Civil supplies director Sadhna Deori immediately took up the matter with food and civil supplies minister Kamlung Mossang, who approved the sorties before the final nod by the CM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "chennaii", "code": "16620877", "title": "Sacked TVS group firm executive held for 2 crore fraud", "text": "CHENNAIi: A senior executive of Sundaram Fasteners, a TVS group company, who was sacked from the company a month ago was arrested on Sunday for swindling 2.62 crore. The fraud, which was said to have been committed over the 11 years from 2000 to 2011, came to light only a month ago when the company conducted an internal audit, police said.Police said S Venkatesan (53) of Natesan Nagar in Virugambakkam was in charge of printing stationery in Sundaram Fasteners in 2000. He forged documents and made false entries and swindled the money. He was the cheque-issuing authority, they said.A complaint from S Rajagopalan, general manger of the company, on September 25.The complaint said that when Venkatesan prepared many forged payment advice vouchers and swindled 1.59 crore. Apart from this he made false entries saying he had given travelling advance to senior executives in the marketing section and swindled Rs 42.26 lakh. He was the signing authority to issue cheques and other vouchers in the firm.\"Venkatesan has been involved in several irregularities in the company from 2000 to 2011,\" said central crime branch (CCB) investigating officer Kumaran.The company's internal audit last month found that Venkatesan had created nine fake companies in the names of his wife, other family members and friends and even opened separate bank accounts to deposit the cheques. He also gave all of these people some commission for conniving in the fraud, investigation officers said.Police registered a case against Venkatesan under IPC section 420 (cheating), 406 (punishment for criminal breach of trust), 477 (A) fraudulent cancellation, destruction, etc., of will, authority to adopt, or valuable security.He was produced before a Poonamallee court and remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16623186", "title": "Asha Parekh\u2019s grand birthday bash faces Gandhian trouble", "text": "Yesteryear's Jubilee Girl Asha Parekh had grown up. She is all set to turn 70 on 2 October. She is planning a grand birthday bash at the Sun 'n' Sand where all her friends, well-wishers and colleagues from the film fraternity would gather to celebrate.But there's a problem. Asha Parekh's birthday happens to coincide with Mahatma Gandhi's birthday. And as we all know the Mahatma was anti-alcohol. In deference to the Mahatma allegiance to teetotalism the powers-that-be have declared a non-alcohol day on October 2. Ashaji would have none of that alcoholic abstinence on her big day. She has therefore shifted her birthday bash by a day.Says the feisty forever-fun-loving actress, \"I've been planning my 70th birthday party for a while now. I don't host parties. The last time I had a bash was for my 60th birthday ten years ago. I want my friends and I to have full-on fun for my birthday. So I've shifted my party by a day because Oct 2 is 'dry' day in Maharashtra.\"Ashaji makes it clear she wants her party to be fun. \"And not some boring affair with people holding juice glasses in their hands and making small-talk. There would be lots of music, dancing, singing and drinking. And please, no songs from my own films. That would be so vain.\"Guests have already been informed to block the evening of Oct 1. The vast guest list would be top lined by the entire Bachchan family, Dilip Kumar and Saira Banu , Sadhana , Waheeda Rehman , Nanda, Aamir Khan and wife, Salman Khan and family, Shah Rukh and Gauri Khan, Priyanka Chopra and family, Yash Chopra and gamily, Karan Johar and mom, Shabana Azmi and Javed Akhtar , Hema Malini and Dharmendra , plus many more.Says Ashaji, \"I want everyone I've known to be there. I'll miss my co-stars Shammi Kapoor , Joy Mukherjee and Rajesh Khanna all of whom I lost this year. But I'd want their families to be there.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16619827", "title": "Bank executive shot dead in Aashiana", "text": "LUCKNOW: Trivial dispute between families of two brothers over a common passage turned ugly when an HDFC Bank executive was shot dead in Aashiana area on Sunday morning. The victim, Gaurav Srivastava, was a resident of Bhadrukh Lala Colony where the incident took place.On Sunday morning, Gaurav decided to get the brick-road levelled by putting mud on it. His aim was to ensure that the brick road becomes smooth to drive his motorcycle up to his house.While he was getting the levelling work done, his uncle Dinesh Chandra Srivastava, who works in the postal department, came out and objected to the work.He claimed that it was a public road and not meant for Gaurav's use. Soon, Dinesh's sons Mayank Srivastava and Shivang Srivastava also joined their father. The discussion turned ugly as Dinesh, his sons and Gaurav indulged in heated exchange of words. The situation turned worse, when Dinesh lost his temper and so did his sons.Meanwhile, Mayank, one of his sons whipped out a country-made pistol and shot at Gaurav. The bullet hit Gaurav between chest and stomach. Gaurav, fell on the ground, and was rushed to the trauma centre, where he succumbed to his injuries.The police on receiving the information rushed to the spot and started investigation. Before the police reached the spot, Mayank and his father Dinesh fled. However, Mayank's brother Shivang was nabbed by the police, said circle officer Sarojininagar Rajesh Srivastava.There was no reports of any old enmity between Dinesh Chandra and Gaurav's family, the circle officer confirmed and added that a named FIR against Dinesh, Mayank and Shivang had been lodged. Efforts are on to nab Mayank and his father Dinesh, the circle officer said and added that Mayank is a student of KKC Degree College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16620716", "title": "Two jawans killed in road accident", "text": "KOLKATA: Two Army jawans died on Sunday in front of Alipore Mint after the motorcycle they were riding rammed into a bus. The duo was later identified as Vinod Kumar Urgi and K R Singh.Police said Urgi was driving the vehicle and they were going towards the north at a high speed. After crossing Taratala flyover, Urgi somehow lost control over the wheels and the bike rammed into a bus of 12D route that was standing at a signal.The jawans were rushed to the SSKM hospital, where they were declared dead. Since they were in plainclothes, passersby could not identify them as jawans. If they were in their Army attire, they could have been taken to the Command Hospital, which was nearer to the accident spot.Investigation revealed that the jawans left their 121 battalion army camp at Raspunja near Thakurpukur probably for the Army's Bengal area headquarters at Alipore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16619553", "title": "New finance minister to focus on deficit, infra", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after his appointment as finance minister, NCP leader Jayant Patil on Sunday said his priority would be to reduce the state's debt-to-GDP ratio without affecting the state's development expenditure.\"Expediting infrastructure projects and reducing debt will be the priority of the finance department,\" Patil told TOI. NCP leader Ajit Pawar as deputy chief minster and finance minister had presented a marginal revenue surplus budget with a focus on infrastructure and health. The state government is steadily pushing ahead with projects to boost transport (including roads and water transport) in Mumbai and other cities.Patil said, \"Many areas in the state are affected by drought. In some areas, due to unseasonal rains, farmers have lost crops. A few areas in Vidarbha have witnessed heavy rains and are affected by floods. The budgets of other departments were diverted to carry out immediate relief operations in drought- and flood-affected areas. The (finance) department will have to take efforts to set the house in the order.\"Patil reiterated that the government will take all measures to ensure effective implementation of the announcements made by Ajit Pawar in the budget. Patil has called a meeting for Monday of finance department officials to take stock of the state's financial situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16623678", "title": "He Vaat Jeevanachi (This Path of Life)", "text": "CreditsDirector: Harbans Siddhu Cast: Alka Kubal Athle, Dr. Vilas Ujjvane, Puja Naik, Subodh Bhave (Guest Appearance) Banner: Mirage Movies Pvt. LTD. Producer: Sarabjeet Siddhu Cinematographer: Shailesh Awasthi Music Director: S. Chatursen Lyrics: Praksh Rahule Aadam Language: Marathi Release Date: October 26, 2012SynopsisTormented by the loss of their young son grieving old couple Savitri (Alka Kubal Athlye) &amp; Sridhar Deshpande (Dr. Vilas Ujjvane) succumbs to this pain. Inspite of several attempts by Sridhar to get Savitri out of her cocoon, he fails because of own orthodox set of belief's and rituals. Her redemption finally gets shown by a stranger named Shalaka's (Puja Naik) life experience, who is on her way to commit suicide. Shalaka is brought home by Sridhar Deshpande and after learning that she is pregnant too, slowly Savitri starts to realize the importance of human relationships and rekindles herself to the world again. Will Savitri find her peace though this new found daughter? Will Shridhar succeed in showing this true path of life to his wife Savitri?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16619300", "title": "Unsuccessful students to clear exams through national open school", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education is planning to sign a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with the National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) to allow Class X and Class XII Goa Board students who have failed in a few subjects to clear the remaining subjects through NIOS.NIOS's flexibility in conduct of exams permits students to appear for three or more subjects at a time. The institute has introduced a transfer of credit system which allows marks scored by a student in up to two subjects at previous exams of NIOS or other boards to be taken into consideration for declaring the candidate to have cleared the exam.Twenty-six national and state boards including the CBSE and CISCE have entered into MoUs with NIOS for transfer of credit.Under the system, as the original marksheet issued by the parent board is submitted by the students to the NIOS for transfer of credit, the MoU allows the open school to verify the authenticity of the marks with the board. The transfer of credit between the board and NIOS then takes place.To extend this facility to students of Goa Board, the NIOS has proposed to enter into a MoU to be able to verify the results of the candidates. The proposal was referred to the examination committee of the Goa Board in July this year. The committee in its meeting agreed that the board can enter into such an MoU which will allow unsuccessful Goa Board candidates to clear their subjects and complete schooling.The biggest challenge for Goa is not bringing children to school, but retaining them till they finish schooling.A state open school was proposed over three years ago. According to the original proposal only those students who have passed the Class VIII exam and have completed 15 years of age were to be admitted to the open school so that students are not tempted to leave regular schooling to answer the public exams from the state open school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16624249", "title": "Karthi dubs for Suriya in Maatraan", "text": "Karthi has lent voice to his brother Suriya in the Telugu version of upcoming film Maatraan (Brothers in Telugu). Karthi, who is pretty fluent in Telugu, has been roped in to dub for the character of one of the twins in the Brothers while Suriya has dubbed for the other twin. This is the first time Suriya is dubbing for his voice in Telugu and working with his brother Karthi in the same film. Suriya, portraying conjoined twins, will be romancing Kajal Aggarwal in this action thriller.The film is tipped to be Suriya's biggest release till date and the distribution rights of the Tamil version were sold to Eros International. Harris Jeyaraj scores music for this film, which is to be released on 12 October 2012, along with a dubbed Telugu version. The movie promotes itself using the tagline: \"Sometimes the End is just the Beginning\" and the audio of the Telugu version has been released recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16621094", "title": "Pune cheers all-women dhol-tasha groups", "text": "PUNE: Women power left its mark on this year's immersion procession, as a large number of young women accompanied the dhol-tasha teams matching their male counterparts \"beat for beat\".The all-woman dhol-tasha troups not only received a resounding applause from the crowd, but many also said dhol-tasha teams should have more women to bring discipline in the immersion procession.Vishwa Waghchaure of Ramanbaug group said it was a unique experience for her and friends. Vishwa said she and her colleagues worked hard during the last one-and-a-half months to make this venture a success.\"This year, for the first time, we decided to participate in the immersion procession with an all-woman group. About 60 girls made our group. We performed on the first day and last day of the Ganapati festival. We plan to continue this tradition and we expect more girls would join in coming years,\" said Vishwa.Shreya, another member of the group, said the intention of forming these all-woman groups was to register more participation of girls.Shreya said the girls were happy after successfully playing dhol-tasha for four hours when they accompanied the Tambdi Jogeshwari Mandal on Laxmi Road. \"It proved that girls can handle the physical challenge of playing the dhol tied to their waist for long hours. It is extremely challenging to not just bear the load but also move along the road without missing a beat,\" Sherya said.Sanyogita Date of Jnana Prabodhini group said, \"We have been participating in the immersion procession with an exclusive girls only group since last many years. It is a welcoming trend that more and more all-woman groups are making their presence felt in the procession.\"\"This year, our group participated in 4-5 processions since the beginning of the Ganapati festival. The number of girls in our group touched 90 this year. The girls undertook rigorous training and practice two months before the festival. They learnt discipline and group dynamics,\" said Sanyogita.Shraddha, a first-time participant, said, \"I was not sure whether I would be able to complete the entire procession playing the dhol. However, the cheer and support from my colleagues gave me the confidence to complete the procession that lasted three hours.\"Dhol groups such as Shivmudra, Shyurya and Samartha also registered participation of women in large numbers.Representatives from these mixed groups said they plan to float separate all-women dhol-tasha groups from next year. Besides this, Vimlabai Garware Prashala had its girls band troupe which accompanied the Twashta Kasar Samaj Sanstha's Ganapati procession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16620478", "title": "School-goers TiE UP with IIT to learn biz skills", "text": "KANPUR: The Indus Entrepreneurs UP ( TiE UP) launched their flagship Worldwide Entrepreneurial Talent Nurturing Initiative 'TiE Young Entrepreneurs (TYE)' Program 2013, at IIT-Kanpur on Sunday and conducted the first classroom session on entrepreneurship. The session was conducted by IME Department professor Dr BV Phani, and his team comprising Prof Ashutosh Khanna and Butool Abbas.Convener Arun Bajpai informed the programme this year is conducted in association with Syndicate Bank Entrepreneurship Research and Training Center, IIT-Kanpur.As many as 56 students of classes IX to XII, from ICSE/CBSE schools of Kanpur are attending the programme, to be held in six classroom sessions in October and November on various other topics related to entrepreneurship.He informed that TYE was an integrated programme spanning four months with classroom sessions on different aspects of entrepreneurship followed by mentoring by successful entrepreneurs and a business plan competition whereby different student groups present their business plans made in the course of the programme.Winning teams will be awarded prizes and the best team will be offered to present their business plan in the TYE Global Competition, in USA, with student teams of various TiE chapters of the World.Last year TiE (UP) presented computer tablets to all the five students of the winning team and inspirational books and certificates to all the participants.The programme was successful last year and this time there was a big rush for registration. Bajpai added that students of Methodist, Jaipuria, Mariampur, Virendra Swarup Education, Mercy Memorial, DPS-Kalyanpur, DPS-Azad Nagar and Swaraj India School enjoyed the interactive session today and were looking forward to the remaining sessions to be taken up by IIT-Kanpur and IIM-Lucknow professors.TYE team of TiE (UP) comprising Vishal Kher, Gopal Trivedi, Gopal Sutwala, A K Bajaj, Vipul Misra, Rohit and R PThapliyal of IME were present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16619358", "title": "Tribals to protest delay in MGNREGA payments", "text": "BHOPAL: Blaming the Madhya Pradesh government for rampant corruption in the implementation of MGNREGA leading to non-payment of their wages, hundreds of tribal - mostly women in Barwani district have upped their ante for a final war with state from October 3.\"Members of our Jagrit Adivasi Dalit Sangathan (JADS), having more than 15,000 tribal members - mostly women - who have not got the wages under MGNREGA for the last fiscal and the current financial year, are going to launch an agitation. This time around, we would take the state government head-on as we are being bullied for demanding wages. If the state machinery wants to quell our voice by force it should do so when we start our agitation,\" JADS leaders Madhuri, Nasri Bai Ningwal, Bilati Bai Sulya, Harsingh Jamre and Valsingh Sastia told reporters on Sunday here.\"We are paying for no fault of us. The state government has failed to provide 60% fund utilisation report to the Centre. It is mandatory for the state government to submit the details about fund utilisation to get the next tranche of fund from the Centre,\" JADS leaders said.\"Whenever we raise this issue of non-payment we are being bullied, harassed and attacked. Now we have vowed to take on the government machinery from October 3,\" they added.\"We have lodged 300 complaints against the irregularities and non-payment of wager under MGNREGA but precious little have been done to look into it,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16623036", "title": "Germany gets attractive for Indian students", "text": "NEW DELHI: Going by numbers Germany is definitely getting much more attractive for Indians students. Number of Indian students in Germany are on the rise, recording a 19% increase in the academic year 2011-12.According to figures released by the German Academic Exchange Service (DAAD) on Monday, the number of Indian students in Germany has gone up to 5,998 in the academic year 2011-12, which is approximately 19% higher than the previous year (2010-11: 5,038).This positions India on rank 11 in the list of top countries of origin of foreign students in Germany. Earlier India was on the 15th position in the tally. Germany is gaining popularity amongst Indian students as there has been a whopping 70.59% increase in number of Indian students in Germany since the academic year 2008. India ranks 2nd in the list of the top countries of origin of international students enrolled in master's degree programmes in Germany (2010) as well as in PhD programmes in Germany (2008).Another push to the rising trend is the new Right to Residence law to welcome foreign students, scientists and researchers to Germany. A post-study employment prospect is one of the important decisive factors for Indian students while selecting the study destination.According to a statement released by DAAD, while other traditional study destinations are curbing post study work visa rules, the opening up of the German job market will make Germany a much more popular choice for Indian students. An internationalisation strategy in the field of academics has been in force for over a decade in Germany. For a long time now, German institutions of higher education have made policies to achieve high levels of internationalisation by welcoming foreign students, researchers, scientists and academicians.As per a British Council study (THES Survey 2010), Germany was voted as the most internationalised countries in the higher education domain, leaving Australia, the United Kingdom and China behind. This new measure is expected to add to this endeavour. According to the statement, the reason for which Germany is gaining popularity as a preferred destination for 'study abroad' option are: Study in English language - More and more programmes are being offered in English due to the increased demand to study in Germany.Unlimited career opportunities - The new Right to Residence act to grant foreign graduates of German universities unrestricted access to the job market in their search for a post that fits their qualifications. Modern facilities and practical exposure - Germany's higher education institutes have state-of-the-art equipment and labs. Academic institutions and business corporates pool their innovative forces and hence Germany is a leading country in innovative fields like environment and nanotechnology with many patents registered.Scholarships and no or minimum tuition fee - Tuition fees are highly subsidised and same as for the German students themselves. German universities also offer a number of scholarships for students with excellent academic track records. About 15% to 20% of Indian students in Germany receive funding every year. In the year 2010, DAAD granted 1,300 scholarships to Indians for realising their academic pursuits in Germany.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16619106", "title": "Consumer forum orders DLF to pay Rs 10L to allottee", "text": "NEW DELHI: DLF Home Developers has been asked by a district consumer forum here to pay Rs 10 lakh to one of its allottees for refusing to refund the booking amount for a flat in a project which did not have legal sanction for execution.The forum also restrained DLF from \"launching or advertising\" any project without putting up on its website or in its advertisement information about the legal sanction and approvals etc for the project and the details of authorities from whom buyers can verify the same.The New Delhi District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum also slammed the real-estate developer, saying it \"forced litigation\" on its allottee, Gurgaon resident Arpan Jain, by \"retaining his money illegally.\" The forum said unless DLF is \"deprived of its gains made on the basis of unfair trade practices and its greed is checked effectively, it would continue undeterred\".\"We, holding opposite party guilty of committing gross illegality and unfair trade practices and rendering deficient services, determine damages for harassment and litigation at Rs five lakh to be paid to the complainant (Jain),\" it said.The bench presided by C K Chaturvedi also directed DLF \"to return the deposit of Rs five lakh with interest of 18% from the date of seeking refund.\"The forum's directions came on Jain's complaint in which he had alleged that DLF had refused to refund the booking amount of Rs five lakh he had paid for a flat in its project \" Express Greens\" at Manesar, Haryana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "16621257", "title": "Ulfa cadre shot, operations intensified", "text": "DIBRUGARH: Security forces have intensified their operations against the Ulfa hardliners' faction in Upper Assam's Tinsukia district in the wake of the group's recent attacks in various parts of the district.The counter-insurgency operations have been launched mainly in areas bordering Arunachal Pradesh like Bordumsa and Dirak Sonajan on the basis of inputs from security agencies that several Myanmar-trained Ulfa cadres have recently sneaked from the neighbouring state into the district along the interstate border.On Saturday night, security forces managed to gun down a hardened Ulfa militant while conducting an operation at Ratani Pathar village near Duwarmara reserved forest under Pengeri police station in Tinsukia. The place is just a few kilometres from Bordumsa in the Assam-Arunachal border.The superintendent of police (Tinsukia), P P Singh, said that the slain person has been identified as Diganta Gogoi, a hardened cadre of the Paresh Baruah-led anti-talks faction of Ulfa. A police constable, Jayanta Sonowal, fractured his hand after being struck by a bullet in his hand during the shootout.\"We've recovered an AK-81 rifle, three magazines and 56 rounds of ammunition from the dead militant. He was also carrying several SIM cards and photographs of Ulfa training camps in Taga area of Myanmar,\" the SP said. The Ulfa anti-talks faction is headed by Paresh Barua, who has refused to take part in the peace dialogue with the government. The pro-talks faction led by chairman Arabinda Rajkhowa, is in peace talks with the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16620482", "title": "A comet 15 times brighter than Moon to dazzle Earth", "text": "LONDON: A comet which shines 15 times brighter than the moon and potentially visible in broad daylight will fly by the Earth next year, giving humans a chance to witness one of the most spectacular events. Comet ISON is visiting the inner solar system and is set to put on spectacular views for the Northern Hemisphere across November and December in 2013 as it heads toward the sun, the Daily Mail reported.The comet, discovered by astronomers in Russia using the International Scientific Optical Network telescope, will pass within two million miles of the sun's surface.The comet is supposed to be on a 'parabolic' orbit which means it originated from the outer skirts of the solar system from the Oort cloud - a mass of icy debris which lies 50,000 times further from the sun. It is currently moving inwards from beyond Jupiter, and as it approaches Earth, it could produce a dazzling display.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16624737", "title": "Ajit Pawar targets Prithviraj Chavan over 'tardy' pace of clearing files", "text": "MUMBAI: NCP leader Ajit Pawar, who resigned as Maharashtra deputy chief minister after allegations of irregularities in irrigation projects, on Monday launched a veiled attack on chief minister Prithviraj Chavan over \"tardy pace\" of clearing files.\"Some people keep files pending. For what reasons, I don't know. May be they want to study those files. I don't want to comment on that,\" Pawar said, without naming Chavan.He was speaking to reporters at Satara, Chavan's home district in western Maharashtra.\"I give priority to getting work done than protecting my image,\" Pawar said, in an apparent reference to the \"Mr Clean\" image of Chavan.Asked if his remarks were aimed at Chavan, Pawar said, \"I have not named anyone.I have said that I don't keep work pending and my pace is not tardy.\"On his comments on Sunday at a public rally in Ahmednagar district that charges against him were aimed at diverting public attention from the coalgate scam, Pawar said, \"It was not my intention to target Congress.\"\"It is my personal feeling that there was an attempt to divert attention (from the coal scam). Congress and NCP are alliance partners for last several years,\" Pawar said.\"I resigned due to charges levelled by the opposition. It is the opposition parties' move to engineer squabbles among us,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16623868", "title": "CAG empowered to comment on efficiency of expenditure: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dismissing a PIL which sought to rein in the CAG from commenting on policy issues, the Supreme Court on Monday said the CAG has full powers under Constitution to comment on the efficiency and economy of an expenditure done by the Centre and states.\"If the CAG exceeds its brief, then there is Parliament to correct it,\" a SC bench observed.The apex court said that the CAG is no 'munimji' (accountant) to file only balancesheet of accounts.The PIL petitioner, economist Dr Rakesh Gupta contended that the CAG exceeded the brief of constitutional mandate by commenting on policy choices of the government in arriving at presumptive losses running into lakhs of crores of rupees in reports on civil aviation, the power sector and the allocation of coal blocks.The apex court bench of Justice RM Lodha and Justice Anil R Dave said the CAG could not be constrained by mere labels of jurisdiction and could look into the efficiency and efficacy of government decisions.Petitioner Rakesh Gupta, who has championed the cause of economic justice for two decades, claimed that the CAG was a constitutional auditor of the government and could not act beyond his brief.The apex court held that the CAG was something more than an auditor of a company or corporation, and could comment on the efficacy of the government's policy decisions.(With inputs from IANS)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "biharsharif", "code": "16620142", "title": "Biharsharif areas waterlogged for two months", "text": "BIHARSHARIF: Residents of several localities in Biharsharif have been facing the problem of waterlogging in their areas for the last two months. They are leaving their houses for fear of the outbreak of waterborne diseases as authorities have been passing the buck.Parts of Pilu Pokhar, Makhdoom Bagh and Pakki Talab localities in ward no. 39 and 43 of the Biharsharif municipal area have been waterlogged for nearly two months. Prof. Shahid Jawedi, a resident of Makhdoom Bagh who moved from the area with his family to a rented accommodation, said the area has poor drainage system and drain water overflows after rain and get accumulated with filth which stinks so much that it becomes difficult to live in the area.The councillor of ward no. 43, Shahda Khatoon, said a large part of Pakki Talab locality is waterlogged and Rs 2 lakh was needed to clear it. But the corporation was unwilling to provide the amount. Shahda said she drew the attention of the authorities several times but to no avail. She added that even mayor Sudhir Kumar himself visited the area and assured help but till date nothing happened and the poor population was reeling under its impact.Representative of ward no. 39, Md Dipu said a suction pump was required in the area to clear the drain water but the one available with the corporation was lying defunct. He said the resources available at his dispensations are not sufficient to meet the requirement.The mayor told TOI he was not aware of the problem of waterlogging and the local ward councillors should have informed him earlier. Sudhir said he would send an inspector for verification.Municipal commissioner Kumar Vyas Singh said the drains of the area might have been choked. He said the water suction pump was defunct and the other one was so heavy that it could not be brought to the area. Kumar, however, said he would ask the officials to take up the matter on priority basis and it would be resolved in 3-4 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16619609", "title": "Woman paraded half naked in Morena village", "text": "BHOPAL: In a sensational incident in the ravine-ravaged Morena district of Madhya Pradesh , armed persons paraded a woman half naked in Balalpur village, about 70 kms from the district headquarter on September 29. BHOPAL: In a sensational incident in the ravine-ravaged Morena district of Madhya Pradesh, armed persons paraded a woman half naked in Balalpur village, about 70 kms from the district headquarter on September 29.Both the victim and the accused belonged to the Kushwaha caste and the two families were locked in a land dispute for the past seven years.The incident has shocked the villagers. The police on Sunday arrested four persons. It is reported that the accused tore the blouse of the hapless 50-year-old Katori Bai before parading her in the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16623134", "title": "Stewart, Pattinson sign 'no sex' accord?", "text": "Actor Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart, with whom he has reportedly reunited, have agreed to sign a no-sex accord to save their relationship.The two split in July after Stewart, 22, cheated on Pattinson with married director Rupert Sanders.However, the two have reportedly reconciled their romance and are seeing a psychiatrist to help them rekindle their romance.According to mirror.co.uk, the first advise they have received is to sleep in separate beds for at least a month while they \"work on communicating, healing wounds and trust exercises\".\"Sex is going to have to wait. The plan is that the two of them concentrate on each other and rebuilding their relationship. It has been a tough time for both of them and the psychiatrist has made it clear that this is going to be hard,\" said a source.The psychiatrist also insisted they take a romantic break away from the glare of publicity. And they're clearly following his advice after booking a luxurious Brazil hideaway in the heart of the Amazon rainforest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16619772", "title": "Shiv Khera wants reservation in education to go", "text": "MANGALORE: Opposing the reservation of seats under caste basis in educational institutions, management guru and motivational speaker Shiv Khera said he has filed a public interest litigation in the Supreme Court opposing the caste-centric reservation system.\"Today from class I a child will be promoted till tenth standard, even if he/she does not perform well in academics. What kind of students are we producing?\" he questioned.As many as 90 per cent of the graduates in India are not employable, he added while speaking to reporters here on Sunday.He was speaking to the reporters, prior to giving a lecture to youths in a motivational programme, which was organized by Rotary Mangalore Hillside Charitable Trust. Criticizing the education system of India, he said majority of the teachers attached to government schools in the country have not even completed matriculate exams and 50 per cent of the schools do not have blackboards in classrooms.Talking on illegal immigrants in the country he said, \"There are many Bangladeshis residing illegally in Assam and West Bengal , if this continues these two states will become a part of Bangladesh and India may be having a Bangladeshi prime minster soon.\"While talking about judicial system Khera said former union law minister Shanti Bhushan has himself said that of the every 16 justices, 8 justices are corrupt. \"But why judiciary is not taking steps on these things,\" he added.Many cases in the court get delayed for 20 to 30 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16624907", "title": "Arvind Kejriwal to announce formal entry into politics tomorrow", "text": "NEW DELHI: Twelve days after his split with Anna Hazare, activist Arvind Kejriwal will formally enter politics on Tuesday with the announcement of a political party.Kejriwal and Manish Sisodia said the announcement will be made at a function in the Constitution Club here on Tuesday morning.The vision of the party, Constitution and selection of members and candidates will be stated at the function, coinciding with Gandhi Jayanthi.An internal Lokpal will also be appointed by the party to probe cases of impropriety. The name of internal Lokpal, a retired judge, will also be announced on Tuesday.Ahead of the announcement, Kejriwal and Sisodia met Anna Hazare who is in the city to chalk out his future course of action with regard to an apolitical anti-corruption movement.Hazare has been opposed to the movement turning political and parted ways with the pro-party group led by Kejriwal on September 19 after a meeting here.The veteran activist had attacked the Kejriwal-led group, saying they had not responded to his questions on how to present a political alternative to the people in the fight against corruption and dubbed the path of politics as one \"full of dirt\".Kejriwal earlier said they were not entering politics to acquire power as politics is yet another tool for strengthening of the anti-graft movement.The proposed party is likely to first test its strength in Delhi Assembly polls next year, skipping this year's assembly elections in BJP-ruled Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh.Earlier, the Kejriwal-led group had decided to form a preparatory committee consisting of 80-100 members, including some retired judges, to chalk out the details of formation of the party.It was also decided that an internal Lokpal, having retired judges as its members, will be constituted to ensure internal discipline within the party. The preparatory committee, however, was not formed despite the plan of having its first meeting on August 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16624581", "title": "Salman gets his first film as a choreographer", "text": "Salman Yusuf Khan who made a name of himself on the dance-reality show Jhalak Dikhla Ja got his first Bollywood film as a choreographer.The latest season of the popular dance reality show Jhalak Dikhla Ja might have come to an end but not before doing good to one of the choreographers on it. Salman Yusuf Khan who was partner of Isha Sharvani and amongst the most talented participants on the show has won his first Bollywood film.It was during one of Salman's performances that Director Vivek Agnihotri spotted him and zeroed him down as the choreographer of his next ambitious film Freedom. Vivek has been in search of some natural talent and has been traveling the length and breadth of the country for the same.When quizzed on how he decided to give Salman a break in the film, Vivek said, \"Freedom has some very different music by Maestro Rahul Sharma and the song situations are very novel. I needed someone who has no film conditioning or ideas of 'what will work'. I needed very fresh and very creative songs so I zeroed on Salman as he is an 'ideas' man and not just 'steps' man.\"Freedom is a socio-political saga which is set in the backdrop of 1970's-2000, having a realistic and rustic take along with various dramatic elements unlike the usual masala cinema. The film is all set to go on floors on October 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16618573", "title": "For Telangana leaders, all roads led to Tank Bund", "text": "HYDERABAD: As the Telangana march kicked off on Necklace Road on Sunday, leaders of political parties led their own teams of followers and Telangana activists from different gatherings to join up with the main rally at PV Ghat where the Telangana Joint Action Committee (TJAC) had organised the protest.The TRS took out a rally at TRS Bhavan which went on to join the main rally on Necklace Road. Party leaders K Tarakarama Rao, Vijayashanthi and Jogu Ramiah led a huge contingent of party workers, while Etela Rajender, the TRS floor leader in the Assembly and party MLA Harish Rao were leading separate teams.KTR, who was with his father KCR in Delhi, was in the thick of action leading his party workers on NTR Marg. KTR and Vijayashanthi got into a heated argument with police near Khairatabad flyover when the cops prevented them from marching ahead.Some activists who tried to remove the barricades got involved in a scuffle with the cops. Telangana Jagruti's Kavita led her group of protesters from Clock Tower, Secunderabad. BJP activists led by state president G Kishan Reddy marched from Indira Park with the CPI cadre, too, starting from same venue led by their state leader K Narayana.At Khairatabad flyover, police arrested Congress MLA Vishnuvardhan Reddy, when he tried to garland the statue of his father P Janardhana Reddy (PJR). PPCC general secretary G Niranjan, too, staged arrest. Members of TNGO took out a march from the Secretariat building led by their president Deviprasad Rao. This group too was stopped at Buddha Park, but the police let them go after 3 pm.The New Democracy started the march from PV Ghat while TDP MLAs from Telangana region were arrested near the Assembly building. As they were taken to Nampally police station, the TDP leaders including MLA Erraballi Dayakar Rao, MP Sudharanai and MLC Venkataram staged a sit-in at the police station. The YSR Congress did not take part in the march.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16623475", "title": "NET students to approach court against UGC for answersheet destruction", "text": "NAGPUR: Candidates who have cleared the National Eligibility Test (NET), making them eligible to be hired as lecturers across the country, are up in arms against the exam conducting body University Grants Commission (UGC).In Nagpur, candidates say the reason is a footnote in a recent notification of UGC during declaration of NET results. Neha Bobde-Gadekar is a contributory lecturer at the law department of Nagpur University (NU) said the UGC mentions that it will destroy answersheets within 30 days of results being declared. \"If we need to challenge anything beyond that 30 day period and file a RTI application, the UGC can always back out, saying they do not have any answersheet records with them. Also, everyone is allowed a 30-day period to reply to RTI replies,\" she said.She and other candidates in Nagpur are preparing to approach the high court against this 30-day clause. \"We have other issues against the UGC too, such as changing the NET eligibility criteria without informing in advance. We are getting support from candidates from outside Nagpur as well and are preparing our brief,\" said Bobde-Gadekar.The group of candidates has requested other people who wish to join the public interest litigation (PIL) to send their contact details to net.nagpur@gmail.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16619929", "title": "Road shock", "text": "CHANDIGARH: City Beautiful's northern sectors no longer enjoy the privilege of well-carpeted roads. Potholes dot the roads of these sectors, causing tremendous hardships to commuters \u2014 and the situation has worsened thanks to monsoon. Despite crores of rupees allocated in the annual budgets, Chandigarh continues to suffer the menace of potholes. For the financial year 2012-13, Chandigarh Municipal Corporation has allocated Rs 7 crore, 70 lakh for re carpeting roads but it seems that instead of doing the needful, the authorities have left the roads to the mercy of the Almighty and no arrangements have been made to either repair or take notice of them till date. The situation of roads in city was not always the same. Known for its unique layout and beautiful and smooth roads, the city enjoyed a \"privileged\" status. Ironically, now the same sectors are left suffering with sectors 8, 15, 18, 19, 22, 30, 27, 28 and road between PGI and Government College-11, being the worst effected. Councillor Saurabh Joshi said many times I asked the officers of the MC to recarpet roads but to no avail. \"Residents approach me with the problem of potholes and I reassure them that the roads will be re carpeted, but nothing has been done till date. I too am helpless,\" adds Joshi. Councillor Mukesh Bassi too only gets reassurances from MC. \"Looking at the number of potholes in city, its obvious that the material used for carpeting roads is substandard. Strict action should be taken against errant contractors,\" says Mukesh. Meanwhile, councillor Satinder Singh said MC officials argue that companies are not coming forward to take tenders. Resident of Sector 19, Gurtej Singh said, \"The roads has a lot of potholes, I blame the MC for it as they are trying to underplay the problem. We can't drive. The water fills the potholes and we don't see them. It damages our car. Who will pay for all these bills, someone needs to be answerable.\" \"I am paying my taxes so why can't the officials re carpet these roads,\" questions Rahul Bajaj of Sector 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "16620500", "title": "Soldiering is about leadership and guts: Lt Gen Rajesh Pant", "text": "MHOW: The Military College of Telecommunications Engineering (MCTE) in Mhow will be celebrating its 67th raising day on Monday. In the past six and half decade, the institution has transformed itself into a centre of excellence that specializes in training on combat communications, communication engineering, cyber warfare and IT. In the past couple of decades, the College has also played a stellar role in promoting adventure sports like hang gliding, para gliding and micro light flying. In the wake of the grand preparations for the college day, Rajesh Jauhri spoke to MCTE Commandant and Col Commandant Corps of Signals Lt Gen Rajesh Pant.Excerpts:Your officers have earlier performed spectacular BASE jump from aircrafts and flypast of Micro-light aircrafts. Could you please highlight the adventure activities promoted by the college ?MCTE has the Army Aero Nodal Centre where powered hang gliding and fixed wing micro light flying are taught to the officers and staff of all ranks. Basic and advanced courses are run periodically. We also organize trekking and cycling expeditions from time to time to promote environmental awareness. Some of our officers also take part in various mountaineering expeditions.How do the adventure activities help in shaping a soldier?Soldiering is about leadership, taking calculated risks and above all the guts. It is also about meticulous planning and keeping your cool against all the odds. Besides the thrill that comes with the rush of adrenaline in such high risk activities, there is also an element of quick decision making. For the BASE jump that our men do, packing the parachute before the jump is critical. They have a free fall of one second before they open the chute. The micro light birds have to be meticulously maintained and wind speed needs to be considered. All this is almost like planning an operation. Besides young officers, MCTE is also a cradle of junior leadership cadets who join at a very young age and we mould them into officers who rise to meet all kinds of challenges.Not much is known about the Cadets Training Wing (CTW) of MCTE by the people of this region. Please tell us about it.Actually, there is a shortage of officers in the Indian Army. In order to catch them young and train them technically, the CTWs were established at MCTE in Mhow, CME in Pune and MCEME in Secundrabad. We started the Technical Entry Scheme (TES) at these places where selected cadets were inducted after passing class XII through the Services Selection Board Interview. The cadets are trained at Officers Training Academy (OTA) at Gaya on basic military training for a year, after which they join us at CTW for six semesters over three years. On completion of six semesters of technical training in Communication Engineering, they get commissioned into the Indian Army and join us for the seventh and eighth semesters to complete their graduate engineering course. At the end of their course, they are awarded a BTech degree. This year Dr APJ Abdul Kalam was the chief guest of their convocation ceremony.Apart from technical training, what are the other aspects of the training at MCTE?A. Yes , while the main focus is on technical training, we ensure a multi-dimensional growth through a process of blended learning. They are encouraged to participate in sports, adventure activities, and cultural activities. Our aim is to mould them into officers and gentlemen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16620300", "title": "CM nod to phase-II of Rapid Metro Rail project", "text": "GURGAON: Five days before the chief minister comes to the city to inaugurate the trial run of the nation's first privately built metro system, the Haryana cabinet under the chairmanship of Bhupinder Singh Hooda on Friday approved the second phase of the Rapid Metro Rail project.The chief minister is to flag off the trial run of the first phase on October 2.In the second phase of the project, the Metro link will connect Sikanderpur station to the thickly populated residential sectors 55 and 56. This extension will have a route length of 6.5km. The total cost of the project will be Rs 2,143 crore and it is likely to be commissioned within a period of three years.The cabinet said that it would make commuting easier for lakhs of people living in the south of Gurgaon and will further strengthen the Mass Rapid Transport Infrastructure in Gurgaon.\"It will be a boon to the existing Metro Rail Project being developed in the Cyber City of Gurgaon, the trial runs of which will take place on October 2. This project has the provision of further extension of Metro Rail towards old Gurgaon across National Highway, which will also be taken up subsequently for the benefit of residents of Gurgaon living in the north of Gurgaon,\" said a spokesperson.The private company, IL&FS; Rail Limited, will implement this project under the PPP model and entire cost of the project will be borne by it. The Haryana government will provide the right of way (ROW) on lease hold basis. This is the unique model for implementation of Metro Rail Projects in the country wherein not only the entire project cost will be borne by the private party but it will also be maintained and operated by the private party at its own cost.The private party will also pay Rs 2,010 crore to the Haryana government towards connectivity charges over a period of 20 years starting from 16th year from the date of signing of the concession agreement. ,It will also share with the state government 5% to 10% of the revenue generated from the property development and advertisements rights during the operation period. Therefore a major infrastructure will come up expeditiously at no cost to the government. At the same time the government will get substantial revenue by providing this permission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "ghumar mandi", "code": "16620401", "title": "Ishpreet swims to 5 golds", "text": "GHUMAR MANDI: Sweeping the North Zone CBSE swimming competition, held at Pathankot recently, with five gold medals has lifted the morale of city swimmer Ishpreet Kaur.The Ghumar Mandi resident is delighted after clinching gold medals in 50m freestyle, 100m freestyle, 400m freestyle, 800m freestyle and 100m backstroke. \"I enjoyed competing against the best swimmers from the zone and the hard work put in during practice resulted in medals for me,\" says Ishpreet. A Class X student at CFC School, BRS Nagar, Ishpreet has been practicing swimming from last four years and aims to win medals for the country at international swimming competitions. \"I was initially fascinated with a cousin of mine who used to swim regularly and expressed my desire to take up the sport to my parents,\" she adds. Ishpreet had started her training at the municipal corporation's swimming pool in Rakh Bagh and has moved her training base to the swimming pool in Ayali village where she trains under Bisakha Singh. \"The swimming infrastructure in this city needs to be improved if the talent has to be nurtured and promoted at international level,\" says Ishpreet. Her father Sherwinder Singh says he is proud of her daughter and hopes that she continues her success run till she swims in the international pools too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16619912", "title": "Dengue-like flu stumps doctors too", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If you are coughing, running fever which persists for over a week, the viral could be similar to dengue. City hospitals are getting patients coming with dengue-like symptoms, which make it difficult for doctors to figure out if it is dengue or dengue-like flu. Consequently the treatment gets delayed and if its dengue, the condition can become severe, making treatment difficult. Dr R S Bedi, a city-based paediatrician said, \"Besides dengue cases we are seeing dengue-like flu in which too there is reduction in platelet count. There are around 20-25 children coming to my clinic with this condition.\" It is during this time of the season that there are dengue cases and also viruses which result in fever and body aches. \"The fever continues for more than a week in flu and dengue cases. To confirm our diagnosis we recommend platelet count tests after three-four days of fever and continuous monitoring of the count,\" said Dr Bedi. Doctors recommend not getting platelet count done on the first day of the fever as this is bound to fluctuate. \"Patients who come with fever and body aches get platelet count done on the first day. It is not necessary that the count will go below normal immediately. It might take three to four days. Some of these patients stop taking the right treatment and then the problem becomes severe and untreatable,\" said Dr Abhinav Sharma, a city-based physician. Panchkula-based paediatrician Rajendra Setty said, \"We see 30-40 such dengue-like flu cases among children daily. Dengue is self-limiting and we do not advice antiplatelet drugs like ibuprofen (given during fever) as they also further reduce platelet count.\" Dr Naresh Kumar, vector-borne disease control programme officer of the UT health department said, the total number of dengue until September has reached 64 in the city. \"All these cases have been reported and confirmed from the PGI lab. We have been spreading awareness about prevention,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16619227", "title": "Battered 3-month-old battles for life", "text": "MUMBAI: A three-month-old girl has been battling for life with critical head and abdominal injuries at the Parel's KEM Hospital. Doctors at the hospital said the child, Ahuti Joshi, was very serious, and there has barely been any improvement in her health in the past seven days.The Borivli resident was admitted to the hospital a week ago by her parents, who claimed to have found her unconscious and rushed her to the hospital. Head of paediatrics at KEM Hospital, Dr Mukesh Agarwal, said, \"Examinations have shown that the trauma was non-accidental. It raised suspicion in our minds that the child was battered and we informed the police about the case,\" he said.On Sunday, Agarwal said an ultrasonography had revealed that Ahuti had serious abdominal injuries. \"She is very serious and on ventilator,\" he said.Ahuti was diagnosed with multiple skull fractures and blood clots. CT-scan had shown that she had suffered internal bleeding in the head. Doctors at the hospital have also found out that Ahuti's sister had died under suspicious circumstances when she was 12 days old. She has an elder sibling. The psychiatry department of the civic hospital has also been involved to look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16624710", "title": "RGV advised against Saathiya: Vivek Oberoi", "text": "Vivek Oberoi might have had his share of ups and downs, however, the actor believes in following his heart. Vivek claims that he goes by his gut feeling before giving nod to any film.\"I do the films in which I believe in. When I signed Saathiya there were so many people, including Ram Gopal Varma , who told me not to sign the film. They suggested me that after doing a film like Company, I should not do a romantic film as people won't be able to accept it. However, I did the film and later it became super hit,\" said Vivek.Now, the actor is super excited about his upcoming film, Kismat Love Paisa Dilli . \"KLPD is a different film, a character I never essayed. It's a fun ride and I enjoyed playing a Delhi boy. I spent time with the young crowd in Delhi and understood their mannerism,\" explained Vivek.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16620974", "title": "Will poll fireworks steal Diwali thunder?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The suspense over the announcement of election dates continues, with BJP leaders shooting off a letter to the election commission asking that elections not be held during the Diwali vacation.Diwali vacation in the state begins on November 12 and schools are expected to resume by December 3. Central board schools would resume from December 23.Sources said that elections for the state's 182 constituencies are likely to be declared any time. Going by past announcements, the Election commission will likely declare the dates between 45 and 60 days before voting day. In 2002, when the voting was on December 12, the ECI had declared the dates on October 28 \u2014 nearly 45 days before, but in 2007 the voting took place on December 11 and 16 and the announcement was made 60 days in advance .Officials said that the ECI generally announces the election schedule a month before the notification is issued. Once the notification is issued various stages like nomination, scrutiny of nominations, withdrawal, campaign, completion of campaign, polling and counting are scheduled. Par ty of fice bearers said elections in the Diwali vacation could be a major setback for BJP. \"It is mainly the educated class which goes vacationing during the festival. This educated class is largely a BJP votebank , and their absence will hurt the party. Further sources said that rural voters, generally considered to be a Congress votebank , largely do not travel during the vacations .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16621578", "title": "Another sloth bear attack on a farmer", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 37-year-old man from Kakkayannur village in the Anthiyur hills was hospitalised on Sunday morning after he was attacked by a sloth bear. He was injured severely in his right hand and back.The injured has been identified as K Vellayyadevan, an agricultural worker. The incident occurred on Sunday morning when he was collecting firewood along with four of his friends inside the forest near Mamarathumaduvu.When they approached a cave named Velladevan, the sloth bear came out of the cave and attacked him. The bear retreated only when Vellayyadevan's friends Sadayan, Sidhan, Murugan and Karupusamy started pelting stones at the animal. As soon as they rescued Vellayyadevan, they rushed him to Anthiyur government hospital.This is the second sloth bear attack reported from western Tamil Nadu in the last one week. The sloth bear which attacked a 70-year-old man at Pattiyarkovilpathi Thottam near Narsipuram on the outskirts of the city was tranquilized and released deep inside the Siruvani forests last Tuesday. Mariappan was returning home from the farm land where he worked when the bear attacked him. He sustained injuries on his face, throat and chest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16619445", "title": "Kaanch project shelved says Lajmi", "text": "BHOPAL: Director Kalpana Lajmi's film 'Kaanch' that shot into prominent for all the wrong reasons has been shelved. The film that was to be shot at Bhopal ran into trouble after the cheques issued by its producer bounced.Lajmi, the critically acclaimed art director, told TOI that as financial and legal hassles remain unresolved, she considers the project as cancelled.Kaanch was Lajmi's first film to be completely shot in Bhopal. The film's first leg of shooting in June ran into trouble after hoteliers locked up actors, withheld the gear and equipment after producer failed to pay and his cheques bounced.\"I have not heard from the producer Rajiv Kashyap for weeks now. There is no communication between us,\" said Lajmi. \"There has also been a copyright issue about the story,\" she added. Earlier in June, it was hoped that the production would resume from September 15.However, Lajmi said that she would not file a defamation suit against the producer. \"I really do not have the resources or time to get into a legal tangle. If anyone in the cast or crew sue the producer, it's up to them,\" Lajmi said.Before trouble began, some shoot of the art film took place for about six days at Dahod, near Mandideep. The lead role was to be played by Avika Gaur, known for her role in television serial Balika Vadhu. The film was about a 16-year-old girl, who with the help of her friends , manages to avoid her marriage with the village head.Lajmi is best known for films like Rudaali (1993), Darmiyaan (1997).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16619409", "title": "Senior Citizens' Day", "text": "BHOPAL: Different functions around the city on Monday would mark the Senior Citizens' Day. The social justice department would organize a centenarians' felicitation function on the occasion. Social justice, panchayats and rural development minister Gopal Bhargava will be the chief guest while water resources minister and in-charge of Bhopal district Jayant Malaiya will preside over the function. The programme will be held at Asra Old Age Home at 11 am.At the function, senior citizens aged 100 years of age or more will be honoured with Rs 1000 each, a shawl and a coconut. On the day, senior citizens' chess, carom and chair race will also be organized in old age homes. First three winners of the competitions will be rewarded.A function would also be held at the day care centre at E-4 Arera Colony organized by the Senior Citizen's Forum in association with HelpAge India at 5 pm. A rally would also be organized on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16621208", "title": "22-yr-old drowns", "text": "NASHIK: A 22-year-old youth, Sagar Dahale from Pawan Nagar, Cidco, drowned at the check dam at Vilholi, during immersion of Lord Ganesha's idol on Saturday.According to the tehsil police station, which has registered the case of accidental death in the matter, Sagar along with his friends and his brother Yogesh had been to Gaulane check dam near Vilholi for immersion.Around 4pm, Rajendra went missing. Brother Yogesh and friends however thought that he might have joined the celebrations with other friends and mandalspacked his dress. According to cops, the family informed the police only after midnight. The police scouted the banks in search of Rajendra in vain.In the morning, the police summoned the fire brigade after which the body was fished out around noon.and a case of accidental death has been registered, the police informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16618659", "title": "Teen cooks up murder story after being blackmailed", "text": "NAGPUR: Pulgaon police of Wardha district has booked seven people and their accomplices for pressuring a teenager to make a false complaint of murder in order to implicate four members of another community due to sheer rivalry.The victim, 16, was told to furnish a false story before police or else her 14-year-old sister's MMS would be made public.Pulgaon police was left baffled after Simran (name changed) landed up at the police station claiming that she witnessed the murder of 17-year-old Junaid Khan Rafique Khan on July 5 at Gunji Khera.The police registered a case of accidental death after Khan's body was fished out from Wardha River where the youngster was apparently swept away while bathing. The post-mortem report too had suggested drowning as the cause of death.The case took a turn after Simran made an unexpected entry. She claimed to have witnessed the incident while visiting a dargah near the river in which Khan's body was found.Simran told the police that she had seen four people beating up Khan until he became unconscious. The so-called assailants dragged Khan's body for about 100 feet before hurling it into the river.Left intrigued by details given by Simran, the police scanned the post-mortem reports from forensic experts but could not find the presence of any external or internal injuries.Wardha SP Avinash Kumar said details furnished by the girl and the circumstantial evidence were not matching. \"Though it was a monsoon month, there were no signs of dragging on the river bank. Apart from the fact that there were no injury marks, the police was left blank when Simran's maternal uncle said that he had never accompanied the girl to the dargah. The girl said so,\" said Kumar.It is learnt that Kumar came to know about the fact during a peace meeting at Pulgaon which has off late become communally sensitive. \"The girl was giving exact details of the assailants. We were left surprised by her accuracy as the place from where she claimed to have witnessed the incident and the spot where it took place were such that the descriptions were surprising,\" said Kumar.He added that there was a mounting pressure on police to register the case as murder and book certain people. When the police took the girl for questioning, she spilt the beans. \"She said that everything that she did was under threat to protect the reputation of her younger sister,\" said Kumar.Police has learnt that Simran's younger sister had met Rifaquat Hussain and two of his friends at a wedding reception. The trio made a clip of Simran's sister which they were threatening to post on the Internet if she did not implicate four members of another community in a murder case.Following the revelation, Pulgaon police registered an offence against Rifaquat and his two friends under the Information Technology Act.Wasim Khan, an accomplice, has been arrested. Police said Rifaquat fled after learning about the development. \"We are yet to come across the said clip as Rifaquat is still at large,\" said SP Wardha.Pulgaon police has also registered another case against Rifaquat and others including Shabbir Quereshi, who is a former Nagar Adhyaskh and politically well connected, for trying to fabricate false evidence and promoting enmity between groups and communities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16624563", "title": "After 'Heroine', Kareena wants to do light-hearted film", "text": "After starring as the lead actress in an intense film like Heroine, Kareena Kapoor now wants to do some light-hearted films and will start working on Punit Malhotra's film for Karan Johar's Dharma Productions.The 32-year-old actress has taken a mini-break after Heroine released on September 21 and is looking forward to re-unite with her Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu co-star Imran Khan for the new film which will have a fun, conventional feel.\"After Heroine I wanted to do a film which is good fun and carries a light hearted feel. Today's young bunch is making such good movies and after Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu , I would love to work with Imran again. Moreover Karan is family.\"As for Punit, he makes much more conventional movies with songs, dances and all. That should be good fun,\" Kareena told .Since this is a Karan Johar production, one expects its lead protagonist to be finding herself in a happy space.But when it comes to Kareena's association with the production house, she has featured in relatively serious films like We Are Family as well.\"Even Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu started on a happy note, only to become a tad serious as it progressed. With Agent Vinod preceding Heroine and Talaash coming soon, the going has been way too serious for Bebo. No wonder she has been promised by Karan and Punit that there would be quite some fun in store for her in the yet untitled film,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16620071", "title": "3-layer security for President Pranab Mukherjee's visit", "text": "PATNA: A high-level meeting of the top brass of the state police, Army, CISF and district administration was held on Sunday to review the preparations for the President Pranab Mukherjee's two-day visit to Bihar on October 3.SSP (Patna) Amrit Raj said around 10,000 policemen would be on duty at various strategic points of the state capital during the President's stay at Patna. Quick reaction teams will remain stationed near Gandhi Maidan, Income Tax roundabout, airport, Raj Bhavan and other important places.The vehicles entering the city would have to undergo a three layered checking during the President's stay in the state capital. The Hawk Mobiles of Patna police would be more vigilant on and before his visit. \"Policemen would be deployed in coordination with Army and the CISF. Barricading would be done at a few places while video recording would be done at major intersections of the city,\" the SSP said.Traffic would also be diverted on some roads. \"Important landmarks such as Mahavir Mandir and Takht Sri Harmandirji Sahib will be under constant police vigil. So will be the bus stands, taxi stands, railway stations, airport and marketplaces,\" he said.\"Patrolling across the state capital has been intensified to ward off any trouble. Multi-storey buildings in and around the state capital have been put under surveillance and all those entering these buildings are being checked for any weapon or other firearms,\" he said.Hotels, both small and large, are also being checked to arrest suspicious characters, including Maoists, officials said. Even the private vehicles would be under police surveillance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16620395", "title": "Attendants allege doctors' carelessness for pregnant woman's death", "text": "JAIPUR: Unruly scene was witnessed at the Gangori Hospital when attendants of a pregnant woman accused doctors of carelessness that caused her death on Sunday.They also lodged an FIR at the Kotwali police station against the doctors. The hospital administration, however, denied the allegations.The woman was brought to the hospital around 7.20 am from Choti Khatu near Chomu, the police said. With a few minutes, she died. The attendants alleged that the gynaecologist did not attend to the patient properly, which lead to her death.They protested outside the hospital. In some time, the police reached the spot and took control of the situation.The doctors at the hospital claimed that the woman did not die of complications due to pregnancy.Hospital superintendent Dr Ajay Mathur said, \"When she was brought to the hospital, froth was coming out of her mouth. It was not a case of delivery. Our doctors got only 8-10 minutes to provide her emergency heath service. Before they could do something, the woman died. It was nothing to do with the gynaecologist. The woman died of other reasons. There was no carelessness on part of the doctor. We did not get time to save her as she was brought to the hospital in very critical condition.\"The body was handed over to the attendants after post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16618863", "title": "PIL seeks bar on new Ghaziabad housing projects", "text": "NOIDA: Residents of an upscale housing society in Ghaziabad have approached the Allahabad high court seeking a clampdown on the Ghaziabad Development Authority (GDA) from approving any new residential project till civic infrastructure works in the city are upgraded to meet the requirements of the population. Through a supplementary affidavit to a PIL filed in the high court to ensure proper implementation of UP Apartments Act, 2010, a demand has also been raised for a CAG audit on the utilization of revenues realized by the Authority since 1999 from proceeds of sale of increased floor area ratio (FAR) in existing projects.Residents have argued that while population has increased at a brisk pace in Ghaziabad following the large number of housing projects which have sprung up over the past several years, the GDA has not ensured commensurate development of civic amenities, including roads, sewer lines, water supply, electricity, solid waste disposal, etc. \"With population increase, existing infrastructure has come under a lot of strain. We have appealed to HC to pass directions that the development authority upgrade these works in a time-bound manner,\" said petitioner Alok Kumar, resident of a housing society in Indirapuram.It has been argued that indiscriminate allotment of purchasable or additional FAR has compromised safety because existing projects have been altered to increase housing units and towers by developers. \"Layout plans of existing projects are tweaked without taking RWA members into confidence, in violation of the apartments Act,\" added Kumar. Through a notification dated March 9, 1999, the UP government, acting on its policy of promoting vertical growth, had mandated that development authorities divert 90% of proceeds from selling FAR to a 'special fund', which was to be used solely for developing civic works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "16619903", "title": "Progress claims contrived,distorted: Purnia BJP MP", "text": "PURNIA: On Sunday, even as chief minister Nitish Kumar was addressing a well-attended 'Adhikar sammelan' at Kishanganj, barely 50km away at Purnia, BJP MP Uday Singh launched a broadside against the state government at a mammoth turnout of people at the much-hyped but controversial 'Vedana Pradarshan' at the local Rangbhoomi Maidan.Mincing no words, the second-term Purnia MP, Singh took a swipe at both the CM and the deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi , who, he charged, were surrounded by a coterie of sycophants and self-seekers. They only had a skewed view of the things on the ground, he said.He sarcastically said though he had been hearing a lot about the turnaround and multifaceted development across Bihar, the stark truth was just the opposite and the development statistics were contrived and distorted. Corruption at the grassroots levels was all pervasive and unbridled and peaking with each passing day, the MP thundered.If the turnout of people at the meeting is any pointer, it was a real win-win situation for the MP. People had begun to assemble for the rally right from the morning. No political leader, including from his own party, shared the dais and he was practically the lone speaker. However, Singh, stung by widespread campaign let loose by his detractors, was at his vitriolic best, and dared showcase the failure of the government's delivery mechanism at the ground level. The only other speaker who briefly addressed the meeting was Zila Parishad member Bibha Jha.Making a jibe at his detractors, the MP, during his 25-minute speech, reaffirmed that he was never going to quit the party. He made it plain that though he owed a lot to his party and was also most thankful to Bihar CM whom he held in high esteem, his first concern was always the people of the area.Elaborate arrangements were made to serve food to those who had trekked or come by different modes of transport at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16620818", "title": "State allots 2,262cr for road projects", "text": "CHENNAI: The state government has allocated 2,262.50 crore for road projects. The funds will be utilised for several projects, including the upgrade of state highway into two-way lanes, road development works and construction of small bridges. The projects also includes setting up of parks near city airport, Kathipara and Koyambedu flyovers, beautification of subways near Shanthi Theatre, Thousand Lights and Anna Salai.\"This allocation came as a follow up of chief minister J Jayalalithaa's earlier order in which she had announced 3,793 crore for road development, railway flyovers and maintenance of existing roads and bridges\", an official statement said. \"The government will take up 397 works which includes making 248km of state highways into two-way lanes, upgradation of 895km of roads and renovation of 27 bridges. Similarly, for developing 895 km long important link roads, road upgradation work for 531 kms, construction of 22 bridges, and funds of Rs 818.72 crore has been alloted, the statement said. The Government allocated Rs 224.02 crore for strengthening of the 1639 kms long roads,for taking up restoration work on 36 bridges present in the State, it said. In villages which has more than 40% of Adi Dravidar community 315.95 crore has been allocated for laying new roads and bridges,\" the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16621724", "title": "Silent march for Shivani", "text": "INDORE: Around 100 people from Indore organised a silent march at the Rajiv Awas Vihar Colony here on Sunday evening, in memory of the five-year-old Shivani, who was sexually assaulted and killed by her foster father.The protestors were demanding capital punishment for the accused couple. The residents carried placards and banners and suggested other people of the area to report such incidents if any to the relevant authority as early as possible.Shivani was killed after being sexually harassed for four months by her foster father Rajesh Senger. Police arrested Rajesh and his wife Bebi as soon the issue surfaced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16619797", "title": "Joy Of Giving Week begins on Tuesday", "text": "The Joy of Giving Week is finally upon us. Beginning on Tuesday, on the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi, scores of Indians will give of themselves to their communities in big ways and small. Volunteers of Joy of Giving Week (October 2 to 8) have been overwhelmed with the avalanche of inquiries and participative pledges from around the country. Indeed each passing year, the event gathers momentum and volunteer strength to proliferate into a nationwide festival of philanthropy. From the top echelons of business to children in distant villages, everybody wants to make a difference, and this year's no different.\"This year, Chennai traffic police have pledged to offer a token of appreciation to motorists who observe traffic rules,\" says Aarti Madhavan, a Joy of Giving Week volunteer from Chennai. \"People are becoming more creative each passing year, while the aim remains the same\u2014to spread happiness,\" she added. In Tamil Nadu, the campaign has spread beyond city limits to four villages in Thiruvallur district, where each household plans to contribute a rupee each to collectively raise around Rs 5,000 for the treatment of a disabled or sickly child from each village.During the Joy of Giving Week collection drives, fund raisers, blood donation camps and volunteerism reach peak levels, particularly in cities. Sharad Gaidhane, a volunteer from Mumbai, says that the response to the festival has been heartening, and various individuals and groups in the city have pledged to either donate in time or kind. \"It can be as simple as helping an old/blind man cross the road; it is the deed that matters. The past three years have thrown up wonderful instances of 'giving' and we hope this year it gets better,\" she said.Of the host of events to take place in Mumbai this year, a local patisserie has pledged to donate cup cakes to students of Muktangan School, while students of Oberoi International School in Goregaon plan to donate old books to children of Udaan India Foundation. In Delhi, a group of volunteers will be visiting Khushi Home for Girls in Okhla, and will spend time with them watching movies and conducting recreational activities. They will also sponsor food for the girls and other participants that day.In Hyderabad, people have been encouraged to donate between Rs 50 to Rs 500 for the Rising Star initiative supported by the Marriott Group, which helps house 172 underprivileged children affected with leprosy. Another corporate initiative has been taken up by Thrive Energy Technologies Pvt. Ltd., which has been raising funds to sponsor solar LED lights, which they will distribute to deserving children in remote parts of the country and urban slums.\"The bottom line is to spread as much awareness and joy through little deeds,\" concluded Gaidhane. \"And while the Joy of Giving Week sparks this passion in people, we hope it stays with them all through the year.\" Let the giving begin.For more details look up http://joyofgivingweek.ning.com/", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "panaji/ponda/mapusa", "code": "16619223", "title": "From bhaji pao to chourico pao, the common man sniffs a crisis", "text": "PANAJI/PONDA/MAPUSA: Bakers sweating over costly inputs may justify selling bread dearer, but housewives, office goers and others who relish pao with their tea, bhaji or vada are floored by the sniff of another crisis to pull their purse strings tighter.In most Goan homes, pao is conveniently dipped in the morning tea, or stuffed with fried egg or lined with jam or butter.\"We mostly rely on bread for breakfast as we are busy at home, and we find the proposed hike quite steep,\" Isabel D'Souza, a resident of Canca, Tivim, said.Housewives are hoping the hike will be minimal or they may have to rethink the menu for breakfast.\"It is okay for those who can afford it, but what about those who can't,\" D'Souza asked.Agreed Amberta Fernandes, another housewife, \"We were relying on bread only on Sunday, but if the price is so steep, it will be difficult for the low and middle class,\" she said. Pao is an inevitable accompaniment with the much-sought after bhaji in Goan restaurants. The small spicy meal is also relished by Goans on either side of lunch, with chapatti.The bhaji pao is often an afternoon meal for some, who may find a plate of rice with fish-and-curry in restaurants costly. \"If Vada pao is a poor man's burger, bhaji pao serves as lunch for him, but costlier bread will pinch him all the way to his stomach,\" Dhiraj Gawde, a bhaji eater said.The bread is also a key component for other lip-smacking snacks. It is often stuffed with sausages at feasts and fairs, and as a delicious snack in places like Agasaim.Many carts sell vada pao in key city areas. \"Vada pao, which was already selling at 10, may not be affordable for the common man,\" Surendra Dhulapker, a restaurateur said.Businessmen fear the hike may have some spin off. \"People may avoid bhaji pao and it may affect our business,\" Santosh Vaigankar, an eatery owner at Carrasvaddo, Mapusa, said. But Ramkrishna Shetty, a Panaji-based restaurateur, was hopeful that the clientele would absorb the shock. \"They will feel it for a few days,\" he said. But, some others are worried that if the prices of maida keep going up, the chapatti and paratha may also become costlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16620366", "title": "BJP will decide on their Prime Minister candidate: RSS chief", "text": "JAIPUR: The three-day Chaitanya Shivir of Rashtriya Swayamsewak Sangh (RSS) on Sunday concluded with the organisation's chief Mohan Bhagwat making it clear that it is the BJP which would decide on its prime minister candidate and that the RSS will not have a say in it.Bhagwat's statement came during a question-answer session on the concluding day of the camp. Replying to a query about why Narendra Modi , who is also a swayamsewak, cannot be the prime minister, he said: \"Be it Narendra Modi, Nitin Gadkari or L K Advani - all are swayamsewaks. However, the prime minister candidate of the BJP-NDA is a decision that the party will take and the Sangh would not have any say in it,'' said Bhagwat. Replying to another query about why swayamsewaks are associated only with the BJP and not with any other political party, he said, \"If the PM requires or asks for swayamsewaks, the organisation will send them.''Before the question-answer session, Bhagwat in his address to thousands of RSS volunteers from the Jaipur region, lashed out at FDI in retail and the present reservation system in the country. A day after he had talked about bringing the backward classes into the mainstream, Bhagwat criticised the present quota system in the country, saying it was completely political. He demanded that an apolitical independent committee be formed to decide on reservation. \"There should be reservation but only for the weaker sections, based on the economic conditions. The reservation allotted should strictly be time-bound,'' he emphasised.The RSS chief said that the organisation is not against foreign investment but it should be limited and only in sectors where required. \"The foreign investment in retail is definitely neither a requirement nor a wise decision. Our retailers and small-time traders are not trained to compete with the big fish,'' said Bhagwat. He added that FDI for infrastructure would have been welcomed but not in retail sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16620349", "title": "Shinde to visit forward areas along India-Pakistan border in Punjab, J&K;", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde will visit Punjab and Jammu &amp; Kashmir next week to review security situation in forward areas along the Indo-Pak border.During the three-day tour, he will visit forward border guarding posts in Attari-Wagah in Punjab, Leh and Kargil in J&K; and interact with soldiers and officers of the BSF and ITBP posted there.This will be Shinde's first visit to the two border states after assuming office. He is expected to be in Punjab on October 6, and then leave for J&K; for two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16620203", "title": "A driving force for many do-gooders", "text": "MANGALORE: We have heard about umpteen numbers of incidents of autorikshaw drivers refusing to ply to certain areas, overcharging or harassing commuters. Seventy-seven-year-old Monthu Lobo is an exception.Lobo, who believes \"richness in life is not having enough money in one's pocket, but is the happiness earned through serving people\", considers his vocation a way to serve the society.Even after 53 years on the driving seat of the three-wheeler, his passion for work has not diminished a bit. He will be present at the Mangalore Central railway station at 3.30 every day and returns home after the day's work as the sun sets.Be it the day or night, Lobo, who knows the city roads as the lines of his palm, will always be ready to lend a helping hand to the needy. He has helped several ill persons and pregnant women to reach the hospital in time. Lobo, who bagged the Sarathi Number One Award from the Indian Vehicles Drivers Trade Union recently, did never think of changing or quitting his profession ever since he embraced it in 1960.He finds time in his busy schedule, to help people apply for ration cards and voter identity cards. Lobo takes them to taluk office, deputy commissioner's office and other offices to get their jobs done. He has no qualms in waiting hours together for people who hired his vehicle in front of government offices. He has also brought to the notice of authorities concerned about faulty streetlights on interior roads and put pressure on them to fix it.He has donated furniture to St Joseph Higher Primary School at Kankanadi Circle, where he parks his auto. Recently, he also donated uniforms and books to children of Little Flower Higher Primary School, Kinnigoli with the help of other donors. \"I could not become an auto driver in 1956, when Mangalore saw the arrival of its first auto as I did not have a licence then. I passed the driving test and obtained a licence in 1960. I feel physically fit even at this age and have no plans of quitting the job,\" Lobo said.Lobo was honoured by several organizations on various occasions for his sincere and dedicated service in the city. He was honoured by district and sessions judge VC Hatti and deputy commissioner M Maheshwar Rao at the 19th Road Safety Week programme in 2008. He son Anil Lobo, 32, too is an autorickshaw driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16620576", "title": "Harbour project gets central govt nod", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The fisheries sector of Malabar has got a shot in the arm with the Union agriculture ministry granting administrative sanction to the Rs 39.3-crore Vellayil fishing harbour project.Kozhikode MP, M K Raghavan said the meeting of the project sanctioning committee of the department of animal husbandry and fisheries held last week gave the nod for the long-awaited project. The central government will meet 75% of the project cost while the state government will fund the remaining 25%.The central government has already sanctioned Rs 3 crore as first instalment for the project and the fund will be used for undertaking preliminary works for setting up the harbour. The work on the harbour will be completed in four years. The detailed project report (DPR) for the fishing harbour was submitted to the Union government in August 2011.The commissioning of the harbour would provide yet another fishing landing centre for the district in addition to the existing two fishing harbours at Beypore and Puthiyappa. The project will enable even medium to large fishing board to operate from the harbour.As per the project report, the Vellayil fishing harbour will have a capacity to handle 8,980 tonnes of fish as per European Union (EU) standards. It is expected to provide jobs to 2,275 fishermen and would be able to accommodate 250 fishing bo ats. It would have two breakwaters of 530 metres and 750 metres length.The harbour will have a fish auction hall, an administrative block spread over 330 metres, a 60,000 litre drinking water plant and a sewerage treatment plant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16624836", "title": "Salman returns as larger than life hero in 'Dabangg 2': Arbaaz", "text": "Actor-producer Arbaaz Khan, who is making his directorial debut with \" Dabangg 2\", says he has recreated Salman Khan's larger than life persona for the 2010 action film's sequel in order to relate with the audience.Arbaaz said the heroism of Salman has stayed on with the audience and is remembered the most.\"There is everything in the film that audience would expect from their 'Dabangg' hero. The film by itself has a larger than life setting while Salman too would be seen as a larger than life character. You would see heroism and all that is Chulbul Pandey's trait,\" Arbaaz told .This particular image of Salman developed with \"Wanted\" and has been the mantra for his success in subsequent films like \"Ready\", \"Bodyguard\" and \"Ek Tha Tiger\".Arbaaz, 45, who is currently shooting the film in Kanpur, says writing the script of \"Dabangg 2\" was a huge task because the first film has already set up the narrative for its sequel.\"The film's basic construction is already in place and we have further built upon that. We know that people are going to expect something spectacular from the film and hence a lot of thought went into the script before the shooting began.\"It is as simple as that, if I am a fan of 'Dabangg' then there are certain elements that I would like to see. So what you see in 'Dabangg 2' is basically a reflection of what I would have liked to see in the film's sequel,\" he said.The new series will see Chulbul Pandey (played by Salman) moving to a different space and city and finding himself in the midst of much larger conflicts and confrontations.Arbaaz says he was cautious of not bringing too many changes in the characterisation because most of them have become iconic in their own ways.\"I have to be true to my earlier film and character. I cannot go around making changes just for the sake of it. In terms of the film's look, feel, ambience and essence of the character, we are going as per 'Dabangg'. However situations and scenarios have definitely changed, hence leading to a new story,\" he added.With Sonakshi Sinha opposite Salman, Prakash Raj as the villain and Arbaaz himself also featuring in it, \"Dabangg 2\" is set to hit the theatres on December 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16620701", "title": "Should you choose growth or dividend?", "text": "For some mutual fund investors, the buck doesn't stop at choosing the right scheme. After they zero in on a particular fund, another question crops up. Should they go for the growth option or the dividend plan? What to make of the dividend reinvestment plan? Broadly speaking, the choice of plan would depend on the tax liability you would incur on your returns, as well as on your personal needs and investment goals. Here, we tell you which plan is more beneficial in which situation.The options before youWhen you invest in a mutual fund, you have to choose between growth, dividend payout and dividend reinvestment. If you don't tick any of these options, the fund house will go with the default option for that scheme as mentioned in the application prospectus. However, an investor can always switch the option later.Growth planUnder the growth option, the scheme does not pay any dividend, but continues to grow. Whatever gains are made by selling any fund holdings are ploughed back into the scheme. This gain is reflected in the NAV of the scheme, which rises over time.Dividend payout planIn this option, the mutual fund will pay you from the profits made by the scheme at periodic intervals . However, these dividends are not guaranteed and the mutual fund is not under any obligation to announce a dividend. Also, the dividend gets deducted from the NAV of the fund and is paid to the investor. If your fund has an NAV of 50 and declares a 20% dividend ( 2 on a face value of 10), the NAV will fall to 48 after paying the dividend.Dividend reinvestment planUnder this option, the dividend is not paid to the investor but is used to buy more units of the scheme on his behalf. As is the case with dividend payout, the NAV of the scheme falls after the dividend is paid. Though the dividend reinvestment option does not effectively make any difference in the value of the investment, keep in mind that reinvested dividend is treated as a fresh investment. \"This means that a fresh lock-in period comes into effect in the case of tax-planning funds,\" points out Pankaaj Maalde, head of financial planning, Apna Paisa. This means you may end up having some money locked in ELSS funds for perpetuity due to the lock-in period. The flipside is that the reinvested dividends in ELSS funds will qualify for tax deduction under Section 80C.How to choose the right optionPersonal goals: If you need regular income, then dividend payout is the right choice. However, if your goal is to build wealth over time to provide for certain long-term goals, then the dividend option would be the wrong choice. The bigger problem is that some investors tend to treat this dividend income as a windfall and blow it away on discretionary items. Unless there is a genuine need for regular income, go for the growth option.Tax implications:Dividends from mutual funds are tax-free . However, there is a dividend distribution tax (DDT) payable on dividends from non-equity funds (MIPs, debt funds and liquid funds). In the case of MIPs and debt funds, the DDT is 12.5%, but in liquid funds, it is higher at 25%. Apart from this, the tax treatment of returns from various categories of funds and investment periods should also be taken into consideration. Here's how different funds are taxed and who should invest in them:Debt funds held for less than a yearGo for growth if you are in 10% tax bracket. Go for dividend if you are in higher brackets.In this case, the short-term capital gains are added to your income and taxed at the rate applicable to you. For someone in the 10% slab, growth would be favourable because the DDT is higher at 12.5%. On the other hand, dividend is beneficial for those in the 20-30 % tax bracket as the DDT is lower.Debt funds held for more than a yearGo for the growth option.If you intend to hold your debt funds for more than a year, the growth option would be more beneficial because the long-term capital gains are taxed at a flat rate of 10% or 20% after inflation indexation. With the current high inflation, your long-term capital gains tax liability of 20% on net gains would be lower than the dividend distribution tax of 12.5%. Liquid fund investors should definitely avoid the dividend plan given the 25% DDT.Equity and balanced funds held for less than a yearGo for the dividend option.In this case, you will have to pay a 15% tax on the capital gains, if any. As dividends from equity funds do not attract any DDT, such investors can opt for the dividend option instead. However, the current scheme of taxation for equity funds may undergo a change under the DTC. If implemented, equity fund investors may have to bear 5% tax on dividends . Even then, this will not have a significant impact on post-tax returns.Equity and balanced funds held for more than 1 yearGo for the growth option.Currently, long-term capital gains from equity and equity-oriented balanced funds are tax-free . So, the growth option is more beneficial. However, if longterm gains are made taxable, this advantage would be eroded. Even dividends are likely to lose their tax-free status under the DTC. The dividend reinvestment option could then become popular.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16620414", "title": "Light and sound show to recreate history", "text": "KOCHI: The nine-day light and sound show tracing the 2,000-year-old history of Christianity in Kerala, 'Ammamaram', concluded here at St Alberts High School ground on Sunday.Around 650 artists, including 100 kids participated in the show created by the Cochin Arts and Communications (CAC), the media division of the Verapoly Archdiocese.The show that started with the arrival of St Thomas, in Kerala, went on to trace the growth of the Church and the archdiocese in the state. From the visit of Pope John Paul II in 1986, to the reception given to Dr Joseph Attippetty on his return from Rome after being appointed as the bishop of the Latin Church and the Udayamperoor Synod the show wowed the audience with its presentation.The 400 artists who performed at the show were from Nettoor parish.Though the show that began on September 22 was supposed to be a seven-day event, pubic demand has forced the organizers to extend it by another two days. The show sported around 65 sets, including that of the old railway station (near the high court), the old Navy airport and the Mattancherry streets. Actor-director Lal lent his voice to the protagonist who narrated the history of the Church.Directed by Dias James, the music for the show was composed by Berney Ignatius and was scripted by Fr Babu Vavakkad, Dr Antony Paul Keerambilly, Abhilash Fraser and P F Mathews. The art direction was by Joseph Nellickal. The show included traditional art forms like 'Chavittunadakam', 'Puthanpana' and 'Devasthavili'. Verapoly archbishop Francis Kallarackal inaugurated the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "16621555", "title": "Chasnala colliery officials running scared after assault on assistant general manager", "text": "SINDRI: The assault on AGM Neyaz Ahmed of Chasnala colliery on Friday has sent alarm bells ringing among the officials of the SAIL subsidiary ISP. Both officers and workers of the colliery have condemned the incident unequivocally but still there are many who don't want to come out openly in opposing the goons for fear of future ramifications.This is a very sad incident and all officers of the colliery are feeling unsafe after the incident, said B A Sarkar of ISP Officer's Association. \"When criminals have the audacity to attack an AGM-rank officer right in the GM office, how can the officers working in the mines and other surface offices feel safe,\" he questioned. He said the officers were feeling demoralized following the incident.\"We want the company management to take stern steps to ensure safety of the officers,\" he said and informed that officers of Chasnala and Jeetpur collieries of ISP at a meeting held late on Saturday decided to take up the matter with corporate management of the company.A delegation of officers met Sindri DSP Chandan Kumar Sinha on Sunday to apprise him of their concern and demanded quick action against the named accused in the case. The delegation also met the officer in-charge of Patherdih police station.On his part, general manager J K Bhowmik informed that the management has also taken the incident seriously. Suitable measures will be taken to ensure safety of the officers, Bhowmik said adding that a three-member committee headed by AGM (personnel) has been constituted to suggest measures in this regard. The GM said the committee had been directed to submit its report within three days.Meanwhile the colliery management has decided to tighten security at the GM office to ensure that such incident do not recur.\"They are coal pilferers and indulge in all kind of illegal activities,\" said a trade union leader.Nitai Mahto, the general secretary of the Asangthit Mazdoor Morcha, however, came out openly in favour of the assailants and charged the colliery management of falsely implicating village youths in an extortion case. The demand for electricity in the village is an old one and the village youths met the colliery management several times in this regard. It is unfortunate that the youths assaulted the AGM but it is completely wrong to say they were demanding extortion money,\" he opined.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16619988", "title": "Insurance firm told to pay up `2 lakh for deficiency in service", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Failing to settle the claim of the complainant has proved costly for an insurance company as consumer disputes redressal forum has accused it of being deficient in its services while slapping a fine of Rs 60,000. Besides, the forum has also directed the company to pay the insured amount that was over Rs 1.5 lakh. According to the complainant, he had got the stock of raw material and finished goods stored at his workshop in Industrial Area, Phase I, Chandigarh, insured from United India Insurance Company Limited under \"standard fire and special perils policy\". The policy was valid from August 14, 2009 to August 13, 2010 and the insured sum of Rs 6 lakh was covered under it. \"On the night of December 29, 2009, a fire broke out due to short circuit and heavy loss was caused in respect of raw material, finished stock and electrical fittings. There was a loss of Rs 3.30 lakh and we also gave details of it to the company while a police complaint was registered,\" said Vipin Sharma, managing director of the workshop. \"Insurance company appointed a surveyor and we submitted all the required documents with them. However, the opposite party did not clear the claim ,\" stated Sharma. However, in its reply, the opposition party said the complainant had distorted facts and not presented the true facts before the forum. It was added that the complainant did not assist the surveyor and had not submitted the documents that were demanded by the surveyor.They said as the complainant failed to cooperate with the surveyor so an independent surveyor was appointed and assessed the loss of Rs 152,976. However, after listening to the arguments the forum maintained that the insurance company was deficient in rendering proper service to the complainant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16623339", "title": "Put SGPDA markets in order, urges activist", "text": "MARGAO: Social activist Savio Dias has in a letter to the state chief secretary, South Goa planning and development authority (SGPDA) and the Margao Municipal Council, has urged the authorities to take immediate steps to \"put the SGPDA markets in order\" by October 2, failing which he has threatened to file \"contempt of court\" proceedings against them in the high court of Bombay at Goa.It may be noted that Dias had file a public interest litigation (PIL) in the high court of Bombay at Goa against the state government, the SGPDA and the MMC over the insanitary conditions prevailing in the SGPDA's wholesale and retail and fish markets. The court, while disposing of the petition, had directed the SGPDA to put in various measures to ensure that the markets are maintained in clean and hygienic conditions.Improper waste disposal facilties, discharge of waste water into the fields, non-functioning effluent treatment plant, inadequate number of dustbins, insufficient parking spaces for vehicles, encroachments by fish vendors on passages, etc are some of the points raised by Dias in his letter. He has urged the authorities to act on the complaint at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16621532", "title": "Ranchi University students to work on rainwater harvesting", "text": "RANCHI: The postgraduate students of geography department of Ranchi University are prepared to do a research work on rainwater harvesting in plateau areas of Jharkhand. The students and the teachers of the department will study the rainfall of various areas with a geographical approach and submit the report to the government.Deputy coordinator of the research project Ram Kumar Tiwari said, \"The students and professors will visit areas like Santhal Pargana for the research. It is a five-year programme and once it is completed, the department will submit a report to the University Grants Commission (UGC) and also to the state government so that the government takes initiative to preserve rainwater on the basis of the report.\"The department was assigned the project by the UGC under its special assistance programme (SAP) and has been allocated of Rs 37 lakh. The money will be spent not just on the project but also on the renovation of the department. Head of the geography department Vimla Shrivastava said, \"The money will be spent on field work and a new library. The library will have 14 computers which will be used for research work.\"The topic of the project is assessment and management of rainwater in plateau area. Shrivastava said, \"The first year will be dedicated to study geographical area. In second year, students will do physical observation and verification of the study. In the third year, students will study storage, drainage and wastage of rainwater and will hold discussions with locals, NGOs and government departments. Fourth year will be dedicated to data examination, analysis and mapping and the final report will be made in the fifth year.\"The project will also include research fellows.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16620622", "title": "75-year-old sprinter eyes Taipei title", "text": "KOLKATA: When Subhrangshu Dolui put on his sprinting boots for his 100m and 200m practice run on Sunday afternoon, teenagers stopped their games at the Tikapara ground in Dum Dum. They gaped in amazement at his rippling muscles and the tireless training. After all, it's not every day that one sees a 75-year-old do that kind of thing in Kolkata.For Dolui, however, two hours of jogging and exercises in the morning and another two hours' workout at the gym in the evening is routine. That's because he is gearing up for the Asian Masters Athletics Championship in Taipei to be held in end-October. Participating in the 75-plus category, Dolui is putting in extra time to win a medal in an international event.In February Dolui won the 100m and 200m sprints at a veteran athletics meet in Bengaluru organized by the Masters Athletics Federation of India. The certificates stated that Dolui clocked 16.3 seconds while covering 100m and in 34.2 seconds he covered 200m. For the past five years, he has been winning gold medals in various veterans' meets.Dolui, who retired from the Cossipore Gun and Shell Factory in 1997, earns a pension of around Rs 10,000. He is looking for sponsors for his trip to Taipei. \"I had applied to sports minister Madan Mitra for financial aid. I have already spent about Rs 70,000, but I can't spend anymore. I still need another Rs 40,000,\" he said.The 1937-born hardly looks his age. So, what is the mystery behind his evergreen health? \"I have been practising under Manohar Aich since 1955, as at that time I wanted to be a body builder. I was barely 18 when I started exercising religiously. After jogging every morning, I do sirshashan. I suffer from no major ailments even at this age,\" he said proudly. Dolui boasts that he has no vision problem and doesn't need dentures. When asked if he has any knee problem, he laughs out aloud.Dolui starts his practice by 6 am at the factory ground. As he worked here for about 35 years, the officials have permitted him to practise in their gymnasium and jog on the ground. \"I have four rosogullas and 200gm curd before I start jogging. On returning home, I take a mixture of sattu, molasses and lemon. Fish is a must in lunch and for dinner, I take eight to ten rotis. I also take a lot of seasonal fruits,\" he said.Dolui has also a knack for writing poems and teaches body building to teenagers. \"I want the young generation to be healthy an conscious of their physique.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16619593", "title": "Pujara's unbeaten 158 in vain as India A book final berth", "text": "RAJKOT: A stunning late assault from Cheteswar Pujara (158 not out) went in vain as India A rode on a fine century from opener Shikhar Dhawan (152) to beat India B by a narrow four runs and book a berth for the final of the NKP Salve Challenger Trophy on Sunday.Dhawan stroked his way to 152 from 139 balls with the help of 20 fours as India A scored a huge 335 for four from their allotted 50 overs after they chose to bat at Saurashtra Cricket Association Stadium.Chasing the huge total of 336, India B were in a difficult position at the end of the 40th over as they needed 111 runs from the last 10 overs though they had seven wickets in hand.But then Pujara hit a flurry of fours and sixes in the slog overs as the match went down the wire. He scored 56 runs from 33 balls in the last 10 overs. He hit four fours in the 46th over bowled by Pravinder Awana and then smashed a six each off Harshal Patel and Abhimanyu Mithun.India B needed 16 runs from the final over but Pujara failed to take his side to victory as only 11 runs could be scored as his side ended at 331 for five.Pujara's unbeaten 158 came from 126 balls and he hit 16 fours and two sixes in the process.This was India A's second consecutive win after they beat Bengal yesterday. India B play Bengal tomorrow in the last league match to decide who take on India A in the summit clash on Tuesday.Dhawan, who was unbeaten on 99 in India A's win over Bengal yesterday, was involved in three big partnerships. He first put up 146 runs for the opening wicket with Robin Uthappa (67) in 26.3 overs and then went on to add 61 and 94 runs with captain S Badrinath (24) and Dinesh Karthik (66 not out) for the third and fourth wickets respectively.For India B, pacer Umesh Yadav picked up two wickets for 83 runs while Praveen Kumar and Harmeet Singh took a wicket apiece.In their run chase, India B lost their first wicket at 41 in eighth over when Murali Vijay was dismissed by Parvinder Awana. Pujara and Srikkanth Anirudha (63) then stitched a 80-run stand for the second wicket from 15.1 overs before the latter was out in the 23rd over.Pujara then added another 76 runs in 14.1 overs for the third wicket with Robin Bisht (38) but the asking rate kept on climbing. He had a 76-run stand with Ravindra Jadeja (27) for the fifth wicket.Awana was the pick of India A bowlers with 3/69 while Harshal Patel and Iqbal Abdulla grabbed one wicket each.Brief Scores:India A: 335 for 4 in 50 overs (Shikhar Dhawan 152, Robin Uthappa 67, Dinesh Karthik 66 not out; Umesh Yadav 2/83).India B: 331 for 5 in 50 overs (Cheteswar Pujara 158 not out, Srikkanth Anirudha 63; Parvinder Awana 3/69).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16624997", "title": "Jind Mahi set to rule with Saday Naal", "text": "Asian-Urban artist Jind Mahi is the latest musical sensation to be signed to the Three Records label, which was established by the international, superstar music producers and brothers RDB. The young and talented Jind will make his debut with the emotional Punjabi love song Saday Naal, which has been inspired by modern day experiences. Billed as one of UK Asian music's brightest emerging talents, Jind is an all-round musician who composes, produces, writes, sings and plays instruments, a feat he has accomplished perfectly with his eclectic debut album Like Father Like Son , which is a collaboration with his father and musical inspiration Binder Pasla. Earlier this year, Jind released a sample track entitled Yaad Kari to wide acclaim. The album Like Father Like Son has also produced hit songs, including previous hit English Daru by Binder Pasla. There are two more track releases planned from the album before its release in early 2013. The mellow, acoustic track Saday Naal, which was co-written by Jind's father Binder, is his debut song to be released from the album and is a powerful ballad driven by a strong Bhangra beat.Lyrically, Saday Naal is a traditional Punjabi song inspired by the frustration of being treated badly in a rollercoaster relationship and longing to resolve the problems whilst being haunted by the memories. To enhance the song's musical impact, Jind used a blend of acoustic instruments along with electronic synths and a range of up-tempo and low-tempo rifts to add effect - a technique rarely seen in modern Asian-Urban music. The track is complemented with a striking video, which highlights the emotional journey experienced by the protagonists. Speaking about the track and the thought process behind it, Jind says, \"From time to time, we find ourselves in situations where we're willing to do anything to make a relationship work. But without the full support of our partner, ultimately we're fighting a lost battle. I made this song for the fighters like me who give their all for what they love.\"By - Manpreet Singh Badhni Kalan UK", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16619779", "title": "GVK EMRI 108 to treat elderly to a day of fun", "text": "AHMEDABAD: GVK EMRI 108 will observe the International Day for Old People on October 1 by organizing fun activities for senior citizens living in an old age home.EMRI officials said that they wanted to give back to society. \"We are dedicating the day to those who taught us how to walk, how to play, how to move ahead in life and whose blessings help us live in peace,\" said an EMRI official. \"We intend to take them back to the childhood and youth to bring smile on their faces.\"Officials said that the activity will start from early morning as residents of Manilal Gandhi Vanprasth Ashram, Vatva, will be taken in a bus to EMRI headquarters at Kathwada.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16621099", "title": "Dalits break caste barrier, enter 120-year-old Tamil Nadu temple", "text": "COIMBATORE: It was a defining moment for Coimbatore's dalits when several of them entered the 120-year-old Mariamman temple at Kalapatti for the first time on Sunday with the support of the Tamil Nadu Untouchability Eradication Front (TNUEF) and CPM activists.Located 5km away from Coimbatore airport, the temple had been out of bounds for dalits until now. Around 2,000 families from the Arunthathiyar community live in this area. More than 1,500 dalits and an equal number of CPM activists gathered at Kalapatti Bazaar at 11am and took out a huge procession before entering the temple premises. Police provided security to the dalits and party workers.There was no resistance from upper caste Hindus and the temple priest also cooperated with the protesters. He distributed sacred ash to all those gathered, breaking the shackles on customs that were more than a century old.Coimbatore MP P R Natarajan and TNUEF president P Sambath, who led the dalits' march to the sanctum sanctorum, said that discrimination against any community would not be allowed in the temple any more. \"The Mariamman temple has been under the administrative control of the department of Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments (HR&CE;) since 1971. The HR&CE; Act empowers any community to enter and worship, but untouchability prevailed despite the law.\" he said.TNUEF had staged many demonstrations in the city seeking government intervention in the issue. As the authorities failed to act, they decided to resolve the issue themselves. \"It is a matter of shame for the state that untouchability existed at a temple situated in an urban area. It is not unusual to find such discrimination in remote interiors,\" said Sambath.\"About three years ago, a dalit was brutally attacked in Kalapatti for sitting next to a caste Hindu in a bus. There was no opposition against caste discrimination at the temple because the Arunthathiyar community felt it was their fate,\" he said.\"The government claims there is no untouchability in the state. We have witnessed it with our own eyes. We initiated measures to eradicate such discrimination in Erode, Salem, Vellore and Pudukottai on Sunday , the 'Memorial Day' for Srinivasa Rao who fought for equality,\" said a leader, UK Sivagnanam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "leh", "code": "16620546", "title": "Water project along India-China frontier resumed", "text": "LEH: After being stalled due to threats from the Chinese side of Line of Actual Control (LAC), work on an irrigation project along the Indus river in the border town of Nyoma in north of Jammu and Kashmir has resumed with additional security cover provided by Indian forces.\"The work has begun again from September 23,\" Ladakh Autonomous Hill Development Council chief executive councillor Rigjin Spalbar said.The work could be started only after Indo-Tibetan Border Police deployed additional strength in the remote border town, 170km from Leh.The work was stalled in the middle of August after armed Chinese People Liberation Army personnel came up to the banks of Indus river and reportedly asked the contractor to stop the work on the irrigation project on the Irrigation Scheme in the Nyoma Block.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16622513", "title": "Subhash Ghai, Rishi Kapoor reunite after 32 years", "text": "After their 1980 hit Karz, the filmmaker and actor will join hands in what marks the return of the Showman to direction after a gap of four years. This time round, Monty will be a musician and also an out-and-out villainThey made history with their 1980 blockbuster Karz. Thirty two years later, producer-director Subhash Ghai and actor Rishi Kapoor will come together once again in Ghai's next directorial, where Rishi will play a villain with musical leanings. Incidentally, the film will mark Ghai's return to direction after a gap of four years.Ghai confirmed the news and said, \"Rishi and I are coming together again. He will play a khalnaayak in my film. While he's always been the romantic lover boy, lately, Rishi has discovered his mean bone. Just look at him in Agneepath ! I didn't want to cast him as a conventional bad guy. He plays a negative character but also a man who is heavily into music.\"Unlike in Karz where Rishi only pretended to strum the guitar on stage, in this film, he will play several musical instruments for real. \"Nothing about Rishi's character in my new film will be fake; neither his evil streak nor his interest in music,\" said the showman.The official launch will be on October 24 the anniversary mountains to the city. She's a girl on a mission. Raj Kapoor saab made Ram Teri Ganga Maili about a girl's journey. Back then, the heroine was Ganga. Today, it' Veronica . I have to draw a balance between Ganga and Veronica.\"Ghai has zeroed in on three girls, one of whom will finally play his protagonist to Rishi's antagonist. Ismail Durbar will compose the music.Known for his discerning taste in music, Ghai said, \"I feel Ismail Durbar can create a score where music is the backbone because, as I said, Rishi plays a musician. When Laxmikant-Pyarelal composed Ho ramji tere lakhan ne bada dukh dina for Ram Lakhan , they insisted only Lataji would be able to sing the song.But she was away, so I argued, 'Why not another voice?' But Laxmikant stood his ground. I need that caliber of dedication in the music for my new film.\"Ghai is returning to direction after Black &amp; White and Yuvraaj in 2008. \"After these films, I got busy with Whistling Woods. Now I am ready todirectagain. The other day, I attended Yash Chopra's 80th birthday, where he announced his retirement at 80. I have to make some more films before I reach that age.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16621033", "title": "For the People", "text": "With the UPSC civil services (Main) scheduled to be held in October, Vatsala Shrangi finds out why the world of bureaucrats still holds a charm for the Indian youth.The UPSC civil services (Main) exam is scheduled to be held in October. It is that time of the year when lakhs of aspirants are wrapping up their preparation, while getting ready for the final examination. Civil services continues to be one of the most coveted professions in the country, believes Vijay Dev, senior IAS officer. Dev, who pursued engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Delhi, but decided to join the services, says, \"At that point of time, opportunities were limited. Engineering, medicine, law and civil services were the only sought-after professions. Now, with liberalisation and globalisation, a range of avenues have come up.\" However, he maintains, despite ample opportunities in various fields nowadays, civil services is an all-time favourite with the youth. But, the structure of services has changed in the last 20 years and needs further revamping. Today, the services are not about the royalty and stature of a bureaucrat, it is more about accountability and contributing to society.\"The ambience in which we work today has changed from the past. These are times of new technology and of greater transparency. The entire world, at present, is like an inter-connected village, where you constantly update information and systems at your end,\" says Dev.According to Nila Mohanan, (IAS 2007), deputy commissioner, New Delhi and an IAS topper (rank 13) in 2006 civil services examination, an increasing number of fresh graduates are applying to appear in the civil services exam. A lot of students after gaining their degrees in medicine and engineering want to try out the administrative services. \"Of late, more IIT graduates are aspiring to test their aptitude for the country's top services,\" she informs.According to GSG Ayyangar, joint secretary (operation), National Intelligence Grid (NATGRID), ministry of home affairs, the premise of the administrative services, being part of the national machinery today, involves officers who can put in their maximum to bridge the gaps in society. The exposure, while being on-the-job , is such that they can have a positive influence in the building of the national framework.\"The desire to enter the services has not got diluted over the years, though more options have come up in the public and private sectors. The number of applicants for the UPSC is an upward graph. Over the years, the character of the services has changed from the authoritative bureaucrat system to a more people-centric and citizen-friendly approach,\" says Ayyangar.Talking about the popular fields within the UPSC in the current scenario, Dev says, the trend virtually remains almost the same, with Indian Administrative Services (IAS) and Indian Foreign Services (IFS) as top-level targets, followed by Indian Revenue Services (IRS) and Indian Forest Services (IFS).\"Following these two, several of them also wish to get into the Indian Police Services (IPS), customs, income tax and railways. Some 10-15 years ago, a large number of aspirants wanted to join the foreign services for global exposure, but this is gradually changing with as many takers for police and revenue services,\" says Ayyangar.Student's choiceAmitabh Yadav MA (final year) Sociology, School of Social Sciences, JNUCivil services continue to attract the youth even today. This is due to a number of factors, which include the kind of power one assumes in administrative services, the opportunity to work for society, direct contact with the public as well as the stature that one cannot get even after doing an MBA or pursuing engineering or any other profession for that matter. I along with my batchmates have covered 80-90 % of the syllabus. It is revision time for us, with the exam scheduled to be held on October 5At a glanceCivil Services (Main) consists of nine papers \u2014 one each in English, Indian language and essay and two in general studies and four in optional subjects Candidates should be updated on national and international affairs. It is imperative to track national and world events including social issues, scientific, political, economic and legal developments Aspirants should read a couple of national dailies and news publications Candidates, in the first few minutes, should try and glance through the entire question paper for a fair idea of where to begin and how to divide time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16619310", "title": "Man gets himself murdered to claim insurance money", "text": "LUCKNOW: It's a plot befitting reel life but was instead orchestrated in real life. The police in UP's Lakhimpur Kheri district have cracked the murder of a businessman whose body was found on September 20. And the cops have gathered conclusive evidence that the deceased had planned his own murder.The deceased, Harsh Gupta, had financial liabilities worth more than Rs 50 lakh. He plotted his murder thinking that his family would get the insurance money after his death and write off the debts.Gupta's body was recovered from a village under Kotwali police station of Lakhimpur on September 20. Gupta, who dealt in readymade garments, was also a local BJP leader.The murder came as a blind case for the police as initial inquiries failed to trace any dispute. \"Clueless about the motive we were scanning the call details of the three cellphones of Gupta. We noticed one number which was appearing frequently since last one month and the frequency increased by the day till Gupta was found murdered,\" said SP Lakhimpur Kheri Kunwar Dalbir Singh.\"Tracing further details of the suspected number, we discovered that quite a few times, after Gupta called the particular number or got a call from that number, the two phones came together under the same cellphone tower indicating that the two probably met after the call,\" he added.The number was traced to Shatrohan of Phool Behard village in Lakhimpur. Initially refusing to admit his role in the murder, he gave in following sustained interrogation and led the police to his aide Ram Asrey who was missing since Gupta's body was found.What came as a shocker for the police was the confession of Shatrohan that Gupta himself had plotted his murder. Shatrohan claimed that Gupta had to repay debts worth over Rs 50 lakh. Most of the money was spent on organising public meetings and dinners while some was invested in business.Shatrohan told police that Gupta approached him about a fortnight before his murder and convinced him to plan his murder. \"Initially I refused. But then he told me that he had life insurance policies worth over Rs 70 lakh and his debts were estimated to be around Rs 50 lakh. Hence his family will be able to pay his debts from the policy returns, once he is dead. Since the policies will become invalid if he committed suicide, he had to be murdered or at least this death must appear to be one,\" Shatrohan said.Shatrohun then roped in Ram Asrey to do the job. Gupta agreed to pay Rs 10,000 to Ram Asrey. The trio met on September 19 evening. Shatrohan and Ram Asrey consumed liquor while Gupta consumed some tablets. After about half an hour Gupta asked the two to murder him. Ram Asrey first shot him in the back from a distance. Once Gupta hit the ground, Asrey strangled him. Ram Asrey and Shatrohun then left the spot.\"His description matches the postmortem report which speaks of death due to strangulation,\" said Inspector Prabhat Singh of the Kotwali police station. \"We also managed to establish that Gupta had got himself insured for around Rs 70 lakh while his family was also aware of most of his liabilities,\" Singh said. Gupta's parents and wife refused to comment on the police theory. Ironically, with the murder being worked out, the family is now unlikely to get the benefits of life insurance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "16619121", "title": "Man falls into lift shaft at hotel, dies", "text": "JODHPUR: A vacation trip turned sour for a couple here when the man died on the spot after falling from the third floor of a hotel into its lift shaft barely a few minutes before checking out on Sunday morning. He was travelling with his wife and was to leave for Mount Abu early morning. A case has been registered by his wife under Section 304 A of IPC.According to additional commissioner of police (west) Priti Jain, Pradeep Sahani of Orissa, who works with Nalco, was on a vacation trip with his wife and was staying at Sky View Guest House. \"They were to leave for Mount Abu on Sunday morning. After checking out, Sahani left for engaging a cab for bus station while his wife was packing the luggage in the room on the 3rd floor. The moment he opened the gate of the lift and stepped ahead assuming the lift to be the there, he went down the shaft and fell on the lift, which was actually on the first floor. He got badly injured and cried for help. He breathed his last before he could be taken to the hospital,\" said Jain.The police got the post mortem done and handed over the body to his family members, who arrived here. They have also registered a case against the owner and manager of the guest house on the complaint of Sahani's wife under Section 304 A of IPC (causing death by negligence). \"We will also have to see whether this problem was there in the past or it happened only then,\" she said.Before this, a leading paediatric surgeon of the town, K K Sharma, had lost his life in a similar accident on July 31, 2008 when the gate of the lift of Shri Ram Hospital opened and he entered it but fell down since the lift was not there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16621156", "title": "New fish species found in Urmodi, Krishna rivers and given name 'Balitora laticauda'", "text": "PUNE: Scientists and a naturalist recently scientifically found a new fish species in Urmodi and Krishna rivers in Satara district and named it 'Balitora laticauda'. This rare hill stream fish species is endemic (restricted to a specific geographic location) to northern western ghat region.This finding was published in Journal of Threatened Taxa on Wednesday. It is an important finding that would help design and implement conservation action plans. Sunil Bhoite, a naturalist from Satara district, Shrikant Jadhav, scientist from the Zoological Survey of India (ZSI) and Neelesh Dahanukar, a fellow from the Indian Institute of Science Education and Research (IISER) have found the species.Neelesh Dahanukar told TOI that the new species differs from all other known species in the genus based on a combination of characters. This fish species, found in rapidly flowing water, was not previously known to science.He said the species needs more oxygen present in the flowing water. \"Hence, it's important that both organic and inorganic pollution is not introduced in these river stretches. There are no specific threats observed in the vicinity at present. However, potential threat to the habitat include extensive sand mining upstream and agricultural run-off entering into the river,\" he said.\"Around nine fish were found here and there should be a small population in this region. The local Marathi name for the species is Palmasa (Pal means lizard, masa means fish) given because of its general appearance resembling a lizard and the habit of clinging to the rocks in streams and river,\" he said.Dahanukar said there are several species found in the north western ghats, which is a UNESCO world heritage site, that are not yet discovered.\"While freshwater fish diversity is subjected to severe threats, new species are still being discovered from this region. Hence, it is important to have a knowledge and understanding of the fish species found here, before they get extinct. There is a need to study them as there is a possibility that more new species will be discovered from this region,\" he added.37% species threatenedRecent updates in the IUCN Redlist has suggested that out of the total 290 species known from the western ghats, 37% fall under threatened categories, owing to several anthropogenic threats, including pollution, biological resource use (food fish and aquarium trade), invasive species, residential and commercial developments and natural system modification.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16620048", "title": "Sharks reign, continue winning streak for fifth year in row", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Sharks continued their winning streak for the fifth consecutive year as they overpowered Colts in the finals of the T10 night cricket tournament of the St John's Old Boys Association (SJOBA) on Sunday. The organizers twisted the T10 rules a bit for the final by keeping it a 15 over match. Colts won the toss, elected to bat first and managed to gather a disappointing total of 46 before loosing all their wickets in 14.4 overs. Despite chasing an achievable total, the Sharks failed to show any proficient skills with the bat as their wickets fell at regular intervals. They achieved the target by 13.5 overs at the loss of five wickets.Supporters, players' spouses and friends sat along the boundary cheering every wicket or the run of the action packed match. Those supporting Sharks ran in the ground with a roar as the final run was scored. Colts captain Vikram Bansal said they opted to bat first as their plan was to set up a good total and utilize their strength in bowling to make it difficult for the opponents to chase. \"But, our batsmen failed miserably.The bowlers still managed to hold the Sharks for almost 14 overs and scalped five wickets as well,\" he added. Vikram appreciated his team's performance, saying, \"We bettered our performance by reaching the finals this year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "yangon", "code": "16620829", "title": "Myanmar head ready to accept Aung San Suu Kyi as president", "text": "YANGON: Myanmar leader Thein Sein has said in an interview he would accept democracy champion Aung San Suu Kyi as president if elected, but added he could not alone amend rules that bar her from power.Former general Thein Sein has paid rare tributes to Myanmar's Nobel laureate during a landmark tour of the United States where he has burnished his reformist credentials by insisting his country will continue its strides towards democracy after decades of army rule.The Myanmar leader, whose meeting with Suu Kyi in New York marked the latest sign of warm relations between the two, told the BBC there were \"no problems\" between them. \"If the people accept her, I will have to accept her. As I said before, we are now working together.\"But he insisted he could not act alone to remove the barriers impeding Suu Kyi's route to the presidency, as the country heads towards crucial 2015 elections . Myanmar's constitution prohibits those with close foreign relatives from holding high office and Suu Kyi, who married a British academic, has two sons living in the West. \"I alone cannot change the constitution . This depends on the wish of the people and also the wishes of the members of parliament,\" he said.He also underscored the importance of the military . Soldiers hold a quarter of the seats in parliament and veto power on constitutional amendment, which requires more than 75% majority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad/new delhi", "code": "16618974", "title": "Missing in action, says K Chandrasekhar Rao", "text": "HYDERABAD/NEW DELHI: Where is KCR? That's the question doing the rounds here as thousands of Telangana protestors take part in their unrelenting march at Necklace Road. Curiously though, K Chandrasekhar Rao, the Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) chief, has decided to stay put in Delhi to continue with his 'confabulations' with senior Congress leaders.While sources close to KCR said that it was his pledge to realise the Telangana dream which has him camping in the national capital lobbying for the cause in political circles, pro-Telangana leaders pooh-poohed his claims and tore into him on the charge that he had ditched them. \"If he was in Hyderabad, he could not have remained at home and would have been compelled to come to the rally and address the gathering. Hence, he might have decided to stay back in Delhi,\" sources speculated.The TRS chief though merely issued a statement from Delhi calling upon TRS cadre and the people of Telangana to go to Hyderabad in large numbers and take part in the rally in a peaceful manner. He asked them not to resort to any violence since that could prove counter-productive to the Telangana movement.Although KCR did not have appointments with any AICC leaders on Sunday after his meeting the day before with AICC general secretary Ghulam Nabi Azad, TRS politburo member B Vinodkumar said that there was still a chance of a declaration on Telangana. Party sources said that KCR spent the entire day monitoring the Telangana march and saw to it than his son KTR and daughter Kavita took the lead in the march. \"The contribution of TRS activists at the march was visible with all the leaders and activists participating in a big way,\" a senior TRS leader told TOI.Vinodkumar said that the UPA government was expected to take up the Telangana issue after the Union cabinet reshuffle. \"Things are not moving fast in Delhi regarding Telangana. But we are hopeful of a positive statement and that's why KCR is camping here (in the national capital). It is just a matter of time, and we will come back to Hyderabad with the 'good' news,\" he said. What the good news would be he, however, refused to share.With the cabinet reshuffle having been postponed following internal bickering in UPA, the Telangana issue has also been pushed back with the Congress set to consider discussing the issue only after October 15 when the cabinet rejig has been worked out.KCR, who landed in Delhi on September 5, has exhausted all the cards up his sleeve including the offer of a merger of his party with Congress. A rather cold response from the UPA government not withstanding, KCR is still meeting the Congress brass. His meeting with Azad is being termed significant with the AICC general secretary understood to have assured KCR that he would shortly take up the Telangana question with Sonia Gandhi. According to party sources, KCR would continue to hold negotiations with Congress leaders in Delhi and do a follow-up of the Telangana march.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16620371", "title": "Jail inmates learn film-making, acting", "text": "JAIPUR: A number of inmates of Jaipur Central Jail, including those serving life-term for serious crimes, learnt the art of film-making and theatre during a two-day workshop conducted by the jail administration on Saturday and Sunday. Sources said that the inmates would be encouraged to make short films on the basis of skills learnt during the workshop. These films might be sent for entry even in international film festivals.Sanjeev Sharma, a writer-director who conducted the workshop, said that about 22 inmates picked out on the basis of interest and aptitude for films, participated in the workshop.\"They gained practical as well as theoretical knowledge on film-making and theatre. On the first day, three aspects of film-making - pre-production, production and post-production - were taught to them. The inmates learnt the various technical aspects related to camera angles, editing and sound effects,\" said Sharma.On the second day of the workshop, the inmates were given practical presentation of making a theatre play. \"Professional actors from Jawahar Kala Kendra (JKK) made the inmates aware of skills required in theatre,\" said Sharma.Sharma said that he was surprised by the interests and talent shown by the inmates during the workshop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16620206", "title": "Two killed as tempo overturns", "text": "MANGALORE: Two persons were killed and seven were injured when a goods tempo transporting people from a work site overturned and fell on the railway tracks from an overbridge at Baikampady in Mangalore on Sunday night.The deceased are Ramesh and Harish, both residents of Belthangady. The injured are yet to be identified.Locals, who witnessed the accident, rushed to the spot and helped those trapped inside the vehicle.Panambur police rushed to the spot and helped the injured to the hospital.Initially it was thought than more persons may have been killed as they had been unconscious due to the impact.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16624865", "title": "MP police constable recruitment exam: 32 impostor arrested", "text": "BHOPAL: In a major crackdown against impersonators appearing in the Madhya Pradesh Police constable recruitment examination, police have arrested over 30 of them and took into custody more than 100 others, who aided them, from various parts of the state.\"A total of 32 impersonators and 104 others involved in unfair means to affect the examination being held across the state for recruitment of constables, were arrested by the police yesterday,\" Additional director general of police (ADGP) selection and recruitment, K N Tiwari told PTI today.The examination was held yesterday for 6,517 posts of constables for which 4,26,083 eligible candidates were issued admit cards to appear in the examination, Tiwari said.Those arrested for appearing in the examination in place of actual candidates comprise two from Bhopal , 18 from Gwalior, three from Morena, five from Rewa, three in Bhind and one from Sheopur.While 104 others from Morena, Gwalior and Rewa, trying to help the candidates through various unfair means were also arrested, the ADGP said.Police also seized number of vehicles from their possession and is interrogating those arrested to expose their inter-state links specially in neighbouring Uttar Pradesh and Rajasthan and also in Delhi and Bihar.Number of persons arrested from Morena belong to Bihar , Delhi, Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh and they have charged hefty amounts from actual candidates.The police department has given the task of conducting examination to the Madhya Pradesh Professional Examination Board which has made elaborate arrangements for it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16621493", "title": "No end in sight to para teachers' agitation", "text": "RANCHI: With the para teachers planning to continue their on-going strike, students of state government schools will have to wait for some more time for their classes resume again. The para teachers are on strike from August 28 demanding implementation of the para teachers' service rule which would lead to their regularization of service. With a view to end the embroglio, state HRD minister Baidyanath Ram called a team of para teachers to discuss their problems on Sunday but the meeting remained inconclusive.A delegation of the striking para teachers met the minister earlier in the day and placed two of their key demands before him. These were regularization of their job and implementation of Para Teachers' Service Bill -- which will lead to increase in salary and increasing their retirement age from 55 years to 60 years.Ram said, \"The para teachers are convinced that their service cannot be regularized as one needs to clear TET to be regularized. Despite this, they are still not ready to take back the strike.\" He said, \"We drafted the bill and it was to be placed in the cabinet but due to some problems the procedure was stopped mid way. After a discussion with deputy CM Hemant Soren, we constituted a committee to make come out with a report on the matter. Further decision will be taken after we getthe report.\"\"Unless our honourarium is increased we will not call off the strike. We did not react for a long time thinking about students' welfare but now it is time we think about ourselves. We'll hold a meeting on Monday to discuss our further course of action and act accordingly,\" he added. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16623328", "title": "Arvind Kejriwal meets Anna, says will support Hazare's cause", "text": "NEW DELHI: Arvind Kejriwal on Monday played down criticism by Anna Hazare of his anti-corruption group getting into politics, saying there was no fight between the two and they were combating graft through different routes.Kejriwal, who met Hazare for the first time after they split on the question of forming a political party, said, \"We came to meet him as he is in Delhi. We have a relationship. There is no fight between us. He himself has said the goal is same though the paths are different\".\"We told him that whenever needed, we are there to help you. He told us media is creating an impression that there is a fight,\" he told reporters after his 20-minute meeting with Hazare.Hazare had on Sunday fired a salvo at the Kejriwal-led group, saying they had not responded to his questions on how to present a political alternative to the people in the fight against corruption and dubbed the path of politics as one \"full of dirt\".The path of \"politics is not sacred and it is full of dirt\" but the route of agitation is \"sacred\", Hazare had said.Kejriwal and Manish Sisodia arrived at N D Tiwari Bhavan near ITO where Hazare is holding a meeting with retired bureaucrats and others on the next course of action regarding his apolitical anti-corruption movement.The meeting came a day ahead of the likely announcement by Kejriwal on formation of his party.Hazare split with Kejriwal-led group on September 19, saying he was opposed to the movement taking a political plunge.Contending that a big movement and not politics will give the country its future, Hazare had said that he told the pro-party group that the route of politics was \"not the right direction\".\"I did not give an alternative. When I was told that an alternative has to be given, I said it is a good idea but I asked them to answer my 5-6 questions (on how to provide an alternative). But I did not get those answers,\" he said.Hazare was referring to the questions he raised like how will members of a new party will be selected, where will the money come from and how will the candidates for elections be selected among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16618439", "title": "Theft at automotive company in MIDC", "text": "NAGPUR: Unidentified miscreants decamped with cash Rs 1.50 lakh from the office of a private automotive company at MIDC after they sneaked in through a window. MIDC police have registered a case.It is learnt that the theft of cash came to notice on Sunday when the watchman noticed the sliding glass of the window was open. Upon closer scrutiny, it came to light that thieves had managed to enter the manager's room by breaking open the lock and door latch of his chamber. The miscreants were lucky to lay their hands on the keys to the safe kept in the drawer in the manager's office. The cash was kept in the vault.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16621010", "title": "Murder of maid in Thiruvanmiyur: Police form four special teams", "text": "CHENNAI: Police have formed four special teams to crack the murder of a domestic maid in Thiruvanmiyur on Saturday evening. Police suspect the involvement of persons known to the victim.Lakshmi, 67, worked as a maid in the house of a doctor. Around 9.30pm, the doctor and her son returned home to find Lakshmi lying in a pool of blood. Police said the Lakshmi was alone at home when unidentified men entered the house and strangled her using a wire.Preliminary inquiries revealed that the men stole five sovereigns of gold jewellery that Lakshmi was wearing. No other items were missing from the house. \"There was also a knife injury on the woman's neck,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16620568", "title": "Cauvery crisis badly affects transport services", "text": "BANGALORE: The Cauvery crisis completely disrupted transport services on the Bangalore-Mysore sector on Sunday. While two trains were detained by activists for a few minutes, KSRTC services were in complete disarray in the sensitive areas.The Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) had to re-route its services on Bangalore Mysore road through Kanakapura. About 400 buses are operated on the route daily. About 75-80 trips of Volvo buses on the route were suspended.\"The number of passengers was relatively low. As there was a fear among people, only those with urgency took buses. Also, Brindavan is closed and will remain so for a few more days,\" said Ashok Kumar, chief traffic manager (Operations), KSRTC.The local services in Mandya and Maddur bus depots were not operated in anticipation of trouble. A depot has around 100-150 buses plying daily.Vehicular traffic across Tamil Nadu border in Chamarajanagar was stopped after pro-Kannada activists detained a TN-registered milk van at Chamarajanagar. Vehicles were stranded on either sides of the border, especially at Punajanur checkpost, the connecting point to Coimbatore.A passenger train from Bangalore to NCR was detained at Anekal, near Hosur post, for 10 minutes by Kannada Jagarana Vedike activists. Similarly, train number 12613, Tipu Express, was stopped for seven minutes at Mandya by Karnataka Kasturi Vedike workers. However, no violence was reported.There was no other disruption in train movement in the region. \"We had deployed extra security in sensitive areas. We have been sending more forces when any disturbance was anticipated,\" said AK Agarwal, divisional railway manager.Tight vigil at damsNotwithstanding the prohibitory orders, which were imposed late on Saturday night ahead of the water release to preempt farmers from gathering at the site, agitators gathered near KRS dam in an act of defiance. Led by Karnataka Rajya Raitha Sangha leader and former MLA K S Puttannaiah, some 400 farmers staged a sit-in before being arrested. They were later released. At HD Kote, farmers were stopped from reaching Kabini dam site by a strong posse of police and arrested and released. However, the farmers have said they will continue the agitation.Police are keeping a tight vigil at KRS and Kabini dams from where water was released at 12.30am. Southern Range IGP K Ramachandra Rao said the situation is under control. \"There are no untoward incidents. We are getting a company of BSF which will assist police. A company of RAF will be stationed at Mandya and Mysore,\" he told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16612344", "title": "Ramya\u2019s mystery movie", "text": "Ramya's all set to sizzle in a never-seen-before avatar in her yet-to-be-titled Kodi Ramakrishna project. The film, which is said to have fantasy elements like most of the director's previous films, saw the completion of its final schedule, which was held in Mysore.The film, which may be remade in Telugu too if it does well, will see Ramya doing a little bit of action, which is a first for her. Says a source close to the film, \"There was a sequence that required Ramya use the traditional fighting technique of silambam (which is fighting with sticks) and she looked quite at ease with it.\"The film also has Diganth playing the hero, where he will be seen as a rock star (with look hair and a rugged look). While the makers wanted his look to be closely-guarded until the publicity began, pictures of Diganth have made their way to the media.But, the cast and crew of this film have refrained from divulging any details about it or sharing any pictures with the media to ensure that an aura of mystery remains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16621037", "title": "GRP cops on 'kick the bottle' mission in Patiala", "text": "CHANDIGARH: 'Patiala peg' has landed 58 Government Railway Police (GRP) personnel in a tough camp at Patiala's Railway Police Lines.The group, devoted worshippers of Bacchus , is now on a special mission at the camp to find their inner spirit. The 'spirited' batch of the Punjab GRP is undergoing the most difficult course - deaddiction - in their career at the treatment programme organised by the railway protection force.Unlike the normal routine, their day now starts quite early in the morning with the reading of religious books and ends at 6.30pm. The cops - many of them have faced suspensions for boozing on duty - do yoga, exercise and meditation in the morning before they are sent off for duty.As part of the plan launched by the GRP for the first time in Punjab, all these policemen were selected for the camp, which began last week, following repeated complaints from train passengers. The group is not allowed any outing in the evening and they have to be back in their rooms by 6.30pm.Physicians and psychiatrists are also helping them tide over the 'spiritual' crisis. According to officials, all the participants in the camp are also given medicines to get rid of their drinking habit.According to officials, GRP bosses used to get several complaints from passengers that cops on duty were always drunk. On several occasions, the men in khakhi were caught drinking aboard trains by senior GRP officials.These men in uniform were also found to be most undisciplined and used to unnecessarily harass passengers on the pretext of routine checking, said a senior GRP official.The 800-strong GRP, Punjab, patrols 1002km railway track in the state through its 11 police stations. This group is attached to railway stations at Patiala, Ludhiana, Bathinda and Amritsar. Punjab's GRP headquarters is based at Patiala and all training programmes for the cops are conducted at the Railway Police Lines.IG (GRP) Rohit Chaudhary told TOI on Sunday, \"Some of these policemen were caught drunk on duty by their seniors.\" According to officials, the alcoholic cops will remain in the camp till they become teetotallers. \"They won't leave the Police Lines till they give up drinking,\" added the IG.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "16619141", "title": "Sariska reserve gets tiger number 007", "text": "ALWAR: There is a new addition to her majesty's secret brood at Sariska tiger reserve and he's tiger number 007. Tigress ST-2, which was found with a cub on August 7, was spotted with yet another cub at Kalikhoh area of the reserve during the wee hours. The tiger relocation process at Sariska reserve, which began in 2008, continues to reap rewards and the new cub seems to be the latest result of the experiment.In fact, on August 7, the authorities had anticipated that the number of cubs could be more than one. The total number of tigers in the reserve is now seven, including five adult tigers, out of which three are females.\"Tigress ST-2 and her two cubs were spotted in a camera trap installed in the forests at 3.56am on Sunday,\" said a wildlife official.Spotting of the two cubs together has doubled the celebrations of wildlife week starting from Monday. In the morning, forest guards and officials distributed sweets after their speculation on the number of cubs turned out to be fact.\"These cubs appear to be of six to seven months old. By the age of 1, they will learn hunting from their mother,\" said an official. Spotting of the first cub of ST-2 on August 7 was the most celebrated moment of the reserve ever since airlifting of the big cats from Ranthambore to Sariska began in 2008.ST-2 is the second big cat, and the first tigress, shifted to Sariska on July 4, 2008, from Ranthambore National Park. The first relocated tiger, ST-1, was poisoned to death in November 2010. The villagers, whose cattle graze in reserve, reportedly killed ST-1 after it attacked animals. She was flown by an IAF helicopter from Ranthambore to Sariska. Thereafter, two more tigresses were introduced \u2014 in February 2009 and July 2010. There are two males in the reserve now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16623680", "title": "US drone strike kills 3 in Pakistan's tribal region", "text": "ISLAMABAD: At least three suspected militants were killed today in a US drone strike in the lawless North Waziristan tribal region of Pakistan, security officials said.The CIA-operated spy planes fired four missiles at a vehicle carrying militants, the security officials were quoted as saying by TV news channels.Three suspected militants were killed instantly. The attack took place in Khaider Khel area of Mir Ali district, 30 km from Miranshah, the main town of North Waziristan Agency.US and Afghan officials consider the area a stronghold of Taliban and al-Qaida elements.Local residents told the media that they had seen several drones flying over the area at the time of the strike.The identity of those killed in the strike could not immediately be ascertained. The Qaida-linked Haqqani network is active in North Waziristan Agency.The US has been pressuring Pakistan to take action against the group, which was involved in attacking the American Embassy in Kabul in September last year.Pakistan opposes the drone strikes, saying they are counter-productive, against international laws and a violation of its sovereignty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16619161", "title": "2 tiger skins with bullet marks seized from Madhya Pradesh", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as Madhya Pradesh is striving hard to regain its lost tag of tiger state, the seizure of two tiger skins by Seoni police on Saturday has rocked the forest department. Shockingly, one of the three arrested persons is a forest guard and secretary of the employees union.With the latest detection, 64 tigers have died in the country since January, including 13 due to poaching. \"It is really embarrassing for the authorities that several poaching cases are being exposed during the red alert,\" an official said.The skins with bullet marks were seized on Saturday but the matter was kept under wraps by the police. One skin was seized from Seoni, 129km from Nagpur, while the other was confiscated from Chhindwara, 125km from Nagpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16624034", "title": "Facebook row: Woman stabs boyfriend to death", "text": "LONDON: An Italian woman is suspected of killing her boyfriend after a row about Facebook.According to police, Wilnilia Sanchez Falcon allegedly stabbed Jesus Rivera Algarin to death after he became upset about what she had been doing on the website.Officers added that the suspect's children - a two-month-old girl and a 10-year-old boy - were in the house at the time but it is not known if they saw the killing in Puerto Rico, the Mirror reported.Police spokesman Lieutenant Candido Pagan said Sanchez is expected to be charged with the death of her boyfriend who was stabbed in the torso in the central mountain town of Comerio.It has not yet been revealed what Sanchez may have posted on Facebook to upset her partner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16620904", "title": "Murder of maid in Thiruvanmiyur: Police form four special teams", "text": "CHENNAI: Police have formed four special teams to crack the murder of a domestic maid in Thiruvanmiyur on Saturday evening. Police suspect the involvement of persons known to the victim.Lakshmi, 67, worked as a maid in the house of a doctor. Around 9.30pm, the doctor and her son returned home to find Lakshmi lying in a pool of blood. Police said the Lakshmi was alone at home when unidentified men entered the house and strangled her using a wire.Preliminary inquiries revealed that the men stole five sovereigns of gold jewellery that Lakshmi was wearing. No other items were missing from the house. \"There was also a knife injury on the woman's neck,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16620522", "title": "Poor access roads, safety concerns at Kudal Nagar", "text": "MADURAI: Otherwise a sleepy station, Kudal Nagar was buzzing with activity on Sunday morning after assuming the new role of the backup for Madurai Junction with yard remodelling works underway there from September 29 to October 13.However, poor access roads to the station during this period, is a concern for passengers as they have to navigate the battered road for nearly 500 metres to reach the main road. \"The access road to the station is pathetic and rain on the previous day has made it a dirt road,\" said R Sankar of S S Colony who had come to receive his relatives who arrived by Pandian Express.\"Though passengers can manage during the daytime, poor lighting on the road and nearby areas will become a problem for passengers reaching at night as the station is located on the outskirts. Railways should deploy more police personnel to ensure safety of passengers at night,\" said B Rukmini of Lakshmi Nagar.Meanwhile, the Pandian Express from Chennai arrived at the station by 6.50am and passengers were seen proceeding to get taxis, autorickshaws and buses. Meanwhile, Vaigai Express, the first train to leave Madurai Junction on ordinary days, was brought to Kudal Nagar around 7am and the train left the station by 7.10 am. The division had earlier informed the public about operating trains from Kudal Nagar instead of Madurai Junction due to the remodelling works.Officials, including divisional railway manager, Ajai Kant Rastogi and railway police personnel were present in the station on Sunday morning to monitor train operations from Kudal Nagar.With the aim of ferrying passengers, 15 buses connecting important places in the city were stationed in Kudal Nagar and many autorickshaws and taxis were also parked there. The buses will operate from the station from 5am to 8 am and 6pm to 10pm. The station has also been equipped with drinking water facilities and a public announcement system.Addressing media persons after inspecting operations, Rastogi said the arrangements to operate trains from Kudal Nagar was temporary for 12 days and after the works were completed, trains would be operated from Madurai Junction as usual. \"We have made the necessary facilities to help passengers in Kudal Nagar station,\" he said.Railway officials said that for the first two days, Vaigai Express will be brought in from Madurai Junction so that passengers who are not aware of this change may not miss the train. But from Tuesday, the train will be stationed in Kudal Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "16623670", "title": "Cauvery row: Protests continue in Karnataka for second day", "text": "MANDYA: Protests rocked the Cauvery river basin district of Karnataka for the second day on Monday over release of Cauvery water to Tamil Nadu with police taking about 100 people into custody after they squatted on tracks and detained the Mysore-Shirdi express at Gejjalagere village.People in Mandya, Mysore and Chamarajanagar districts also protested against the release of water in line with a Supreme Court directive.The government began releasing water from Krishna Raja Sagar and Kabini dams early on Sunday to ensure flow of 9,000 cusecs of water to the neighbouring state.Police said about 100 people were taken into custody when they squatted on the tracks and detained the Mysore-Shiradi express at Gejjalagere village.Vehicular movement on the Bangalore-Mysore road continued to remain disrupted for the third consecutive day, they said.In Mysore, activists of Karnataka Rakshana Vedike staged a dharna in front of the deputy commissioner's office.Chief minister Jagadish Shettar had told reporters on Suunday it was \"inevitable\" for government to release water to comply with the apex court order, but that the state was committed to protect the interests of farmers.He had also said the state would file a petition before the Supreme Court, seeking a review of its order asking the state to honour the Cauvery River Authority directive to release 9,000 cusecs to Tamil Nadu till Oct 15.Karnataka has already urged Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , also the CRA chairman, to review its Sept 19 order and keep it in abeyance till the decision was reviewed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16619691", "title": "Congress sweeps Gujarat University's syndicate elections", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Congress crushed BJP in the Gujarat University's syndicate elections. On Sunday, the GU campus hosted elections for 10 syndicate seats and three seats of Board of Accounts (BOA). The Congress swept the university polls by bagging nine out of 13 seats.This verdict is being viewed as a significant development ahead of the state assembly polls slated to be held in December. The Congress has got more to cheer for, since it has already won on three other syndicate seats where the party's candidates were elected uncontested. BJP has managed only three seats in GU's syndicate and one at the BOA.This year's verdict is in sharp contrast to the last syndicate polls held in 2009. Parimal Trivedi, who was then the vice-chancellor of GU, had put his panel of candidates in the poll fray. The panel, which owed allegiance to the BJP, had swept the elections and the Congress had to be content with just two seats. This time though, the GU VC did not field any candidates for the syndicate elections. Sources said that Trivedi, who had retired recently, too was kept away from the whole process.\"The Gujarat BJP leaders with help of the state machinery had put in all its might to win the elections. They used illegal means too. Some college principals and teachers were actually threatened by a state minister and forced to contest the elections on BJP's ticket. The electorate was also subjected to undue pressure tactics. But, we ensured that the electorate could vote in a free and fair manner,\" said Narhari Amin, Congress leader and GU syndicate member.On Sunday, as voting began, the GU campus was crawling with cops and security personnel deployed to ensure that the university polls were peaceful. Of the 122 voters, 119 used their franchise. Ketan Desai, former chief of Medical Council of India, was among the voters, while GU registrar abstained.The first vote was cast by vice-chancellor Aadesh Pal, who was greeted with loud slogans and cat calls by Congress leaders who have been at loggerheads with the GU administration over a variety of issues.BJP leader Amit Thakar, who was appointed by the party to supervise the syndicate polls, said: \"We had worked hard and it is a misfortune that we could not get more seats in the syndicate.\"Internal politics ruined BJP chancesAhmedabad: Cross-voting spelt doom for the saffron brigade in GU syndicate elections on Sunday. According to post-election analysis, several BJP supporters had switched sides last minute. The usual voting pattern, which has won BJP several of GU's elections in the past, did not ring true this time.\"Of the 41 voters, we were banking on, some actually voted for the Congress. This is evident from the fact that on several syndicate seats we only managed 32 or 33 votes. This means that at least seven of our supporters voted against the party,\" said a BJP leader, who was part of the poll arrangement.Only one of the 14 candidates fielded by BJP, Kaushik Jain managed to record a win. \"Jaswant Thakkar was representing college teachers' association. Thakkar later got the support of BJP and won. Thakkar managed only four votes on his own, the rest were cast by BJP supporters. The other case is of Bharat Shah, dean of BJ Medical College, who was representing the medical fraternity. The doctors have been allocated eight votes. Shah emerged victorious because BJP supporters chose to help him,\" said a GU official.One of the major upsets for BJP was the defeat of the party's candidates Harshad Patel, who is also vice-president of Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation's school board. \"Patel lost because of internal party politics. Before any syndicate elections, respective parties allocate votes for every candidate. BJP workers had not sanctioned any votes for him. Patel, who is part of the saffron brigade's media cell, did not get a single vote,\" said a senior BJP leader.Girish Patel, who had been nominated to GU syndicate by the state government in 2009, said: \"We will have to dwell on the reasons behind this election result. We had put all our energy into winning this contest, but the electorate did not support us.\"Problem of plentyThe Congress had its own share of troubles - problem of plenty. \"We could have won 14 seats in this election. But, some party supporters voted over-zealously. This caused a problem because some of our candidates got excess votes which prevented other candidates of Congress from getting the second spot in number of votes collected. Because of this BJP managed to get an extra syndicate seat,\" said syndicate member from the Congress, Digvijaysinh Gohil, who was declared a winner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16618501", "title": "Dhantoli cops catch waylayers in the act", "text": "NAGPUR: A Dhantoli police patrolling squad nabbed two robbers after acting promptly to thwart an attempt of robbery near Kachipura on Sunday evening. One of the miscreants arrested by the cops has a criminal record. The robbers had made a futile bid to snatch cash Rs 1.35 lakh.It is learnt Madhukar Borikar and one more person were heading towards Abhyankar Nagar with the cash collected from Vaishali Nagar petrol pump at Pachpaoli. The two thieves, identified as Anil Bhaisware and Rohit Bhaisware, intercepted Borikar's bike and threw chilli powder on the victims. The duo was scuffling with Borikar and his pillion rider to snatch away the cash when the patrolling cops reached the place and spotted the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16620257", "title": "Chained girl married off to lover", "text": "MYSORE: Sameera, the teenager who was chained for eight months allegedly by her father, got married to her lover Masuddin here on Sunday.Sameera's father Afsar Pashahad allegedly kept his teen daughter chained at their Sathyanagar house here for the past eight months. The boy, who was in love with her, informed the police. The police raided the house and arrested Afsar. He was released on bail later.The boy, a mechanic, has been in love with Sameera for the past two years. About eight months ago, jurisdiction police warned the boy against meeting Sameera, who was then a minor. Ever since, the girl was confined to the house. However, she kept meeting Masuddin at family functions.The community leaders on Sunday decided to get them married, much to the opposition of the girl's family. However, the family was convinced later and the wedding went on as per rituals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16619644", "title": "BJP MP's company got Rs 1,350cr dam deals illegally", "text": "MUMBAI: A non-existing company owned by BJP Rajya Sabha MP Ajay Sancheti bagged irrigation projects worth Rs 1,350 crore in Maharashtra in 2007-08.The firm, Shakti Kumar M Sancheti Ltd, was renamed SMS Infrastructure in November 2005. Yet, Sancheti was awarded contracts by the Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC) under the name of the old company. \"Once the name of a company is changed, the old name ceases to exist and the new name comes into existence. The Sancheti group used the old name as well as the new name concurrently to obtain more contracts than permitted,'' said officials. Government sources said VIDC's norms permitted a maximum of three contracts to a single contractor. Its tender condition clearly stipulated that in case of violation, the contractor would be blacklisted.Sancheti is a close aide of BJP president Nitin Gadkari and his family has RSS links for the last three generations. His uncle, Chainsukh Sancheti, is the BJP MLA from Buldhana district.Documents accessed by TOI reveal that the now defunct firm (Shakti Kumar) went on to bag four contracts; two in Gosikhurd in Bhandara district, one in Amravati district and another in Yavatmal district collectively worth Rs 1,350 crore. (VIDC later cancelled one of the tenders because it was awarded at an exorbitant rate.)Simultaneously, SMS Infrastructure also procured projects worth an additional Rs 389 crore between 2006 and 2009.Sancheti was not available for comment despite several attempts to contact him.MPs protest 250% dam cost escalationIn November 2011, two MPs wrote to Union water resources minister Pawan Kumar Bansal about the unusual increase in the cost of the Purna barrage-2 (Ner Dhamana) irrigation project. The work was awarded to Sancheti. BJP's Haribhau Jawale and Shiv Sena's Nandrao Adul complained that its cost had shot up from Rs 182 crore to Rs 638 crore. \"The design finalization was done way ahead after the tender was awarded. This resulted in excess expenditure by more than three times,'' said Jawale's letter. He further said that the original 2008 administrative approval was obtained without following due procedure. \"If tender had been awarded post-finalization of design, it would have saved a lot of money and resources. As a result, cost of irrigating the land is estimated at Rs 9.19 lakh a hectare whereas the normal cost is around Rs 2 lakh a hectare,'' he added. The Centre had imposed a condition that the project be completed within the sanctioned amount. \"However, reality seems to be far different as the project cost is revised drastically. Definitely, there seems to major manipulation causing undue benefit to certain vested interests,'' said Jawale. He urged the minister not to sanction the revised estimate as it was an \"unrealistic'' one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16623568", "title": "Dr Trehan visited city on World Heart Day", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh Beopar Mandal -a group of businessmen in the city- on Saturday hosted lunch in honor of visiting dignitary Padma Bhushan Dr Naresh Trehan, world's most renowned cardiologists. Dr Trehan was in the city to hold a scientific session on the occasion of World Heart Day.During the visit, Dr Trehan advised group of businessmen to eat and drink everything but only in moderation especially who do not fall in the sick category and said that with modern technology now the likely patients can be identified who should then must consult doctors for the likely precautions or treatment where as others should just try to restrict every intake to moderation along with regular physical exercise.In an answer to a queries about the apprehension amongst general public especially traders that they shall get subjected to unnecessary expensive treatment even if they only go for a general check up about heart functioning, Dr Trehan said that a video conferencing facility is being started by his Medanta, the medicity in Gurgaon. Later in the day the functionaries of Chandigarh Beopar Mandal also attended the scientific seminar conducted by Dr Naresh Trehan in the Government Medical College and Hospital, situated in sector 32.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16620090", "title": "International tag to Bajpe airport by Oct-end?", "text": "MANGALORE: Union minister for corporate affairs and power M Veerappa Moily on Sunday indicated that the international tag to Bajpe airport might happen by the end of October.Responding to the queries of media persons at Bajpe airport, Moily said the grant of international tag for the airport had been cleared at the official level long back.\"The union civil aviation minister Ajit Singh was busy with matters related to Air India. I will speak to him personally when I go back (to Delhi). I will also request him to declare it as an international airport by personally coming here,'' he added.Bill to manage power responsiblyThe centre will bestow the responsibility of power management to state Discoms soon.The power ministry would bring out a draft State Electricity Distribution Responsibility (SEDR) bill after due inter-ministerial consultation soon, said Moily .This follows after the cabinet committee on economic affairs approved the scheme for financial restructuring of Discoms. The SEDR bill mandates compliance with provisions of the financial restructuring package. \"The objective of the proposed scheme is to enable the state governments and Discoms to carve out a strategy for the financial turnaround of the power distribution companies. He said the centre will incentive Discoms for reduction of transmission loss,\" he added.Ask Yeddy on his commentsMoily refused to read much into former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa eulogizing Congress leadership, saying Yeddyurappa will be in a better position to explain his comments.``You should ask Yeddyurappa why he praises or whom he praises. I cannot comment on the issue,'' said Moily.But at the same time, he said people wanted a corruption free and responsible government and whoever gave the strength to the party in this regard was welcome.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16619551", "title": "Crossing tracks led to most railway deaths", "text": "MUMBAI: Going by the statistics provided by the Government Railway Police, 58% of the people killed in railway mishaps were run over by trains while trying to take a short-cut across tracks so far this year.While trespassing is the reason behind the deaths of 1,279 people of the total toll of 2,207 till August, 21% people died after falling off trains. Many youths performing stunts on the footboard of locals also die, either by losing balance and falling or hitting their heads against the poles along the tracks. The solution, say officials, is to increase the carrying capacity of trains and improve infrastructure like foot overbridges and subways. \"We have launched a website, 'Shodh', to help relatives of unidentified victims and missing persons. But the larger aim is to provide empirical data to the railways so that the officials can find an engineering solution. This is not a policing problem alone,\" says GRP commissioner Prabhat Kumar.The stretch from Kurla to Mulund witnessed the highest number of deaths due to trespassing (176) and commuters falling off trains (68) this year. The Kalyan section\u2014Kalyan to Badlapur and to Kasara\u2014came second with the numbers touching 145 and 48 respectively.According to the RPF, most accidents caused due to crossing tracks, occur during morning and evening rush hours. \"A foolproof measure to stop passengers from taking short-cuts across tracks and instead, making them avail of FOBs and subways is to build boundary walls and put up fences, which the high court directed in 2004. But the Western and Central railways are yet to complete the constructions,\" said activist Sameer Zaveri. \"At some stations, the FOBs are narrow and moreover, a large part of it is occupied by hawkers. That leaves very little space for commuters to walk by, leading to overcrowding. So, some opt to walk across tracks.\"To curb such practices, the RPF on the Western Railway conducted an analysis of railway stretches from where the maximum number of railway accidents was reported and their timings. \"We zeroed in on 10 locations and started deputing our personnel at those spots since February. The presence of policemen stationed at those spots discouraged trespassing and led to a drop in those mishaps,\" said a senior officer.To stop youngsters from performing stunts, which often lead to their deaths or grievous injuries, the RPF on the Central Railway launched a campaign in schools where pamphlets with graphic images of victims were circulated. They also talked about the punishments that have been awarded to youths performing stunts. \"Chapters on rail safety need to be inculcated in the curriculum at the school level itself,\" an official suggested.Students from JJ School of Architecture recently identified critical spots for the railways where escalators, FOBs and elevators could come up. The multi-crore project, to be implemented by the Mumbai Rail Vikas Corporation, has received a nod from the state but is awaiting the ministry of finance's approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16621454", "title": "Tamil Nadu granite scam: Scam points to collusion by officials", "text": "MADURAI: The sound of explosions in granite quarries and the unending clatter inside cutting and polishing units in rural Madurai has stopped. The premises of PRP Granites, one of the biggest granite exporters in the country, have been sealed. Its quarries and stock yards that dot hamlets outside Madurai are closed. But it's an uneasy silence.Caught in a mega granite quarrying scam, the firm's proprietor P Palanisamy, now in prison, has woken up the administration to the fact that he flouted mining and environmental laws with the help of officials at every level. When former Madurai district collector U Sagayam submitted a 13-page report in May this year to the state industries secretary on the plundering of granite, little did he realise that he had opened up a Pandora's Box. In his report, the former Madurai collector, now moved to an innocuous state-run department for textile marketing, said, \"About 4 lakh cubic metres of granite has been stolen without the government's knowledge.\"Granite firms, including Olympus Granites, in which Alagiri's son Durai Dhayanidhi, had been a partner, and PRP Granites, owned by P Palanisamy, whose rags-toriches growth is now part of village lore, had stolen from state-owned Tamil Nadu Minerals Ltd (Tamin) quarries, encroached upon water bodies and destroyed fields, it said. By the time the media got a whiff of the scam, the district administration, led by Anshul Mishra, had begun a crackdown. Among the first to fall into the police net was PRP's Palanisamy. While Mishra, leading a team of officials, including agriculturists and geologists, surveyed the quarries, preparing a list of violations, the district superintendent of police, V Balakrishnan arrested 55 people, including businessmen and government officials and registered 33 cases. \"Not all officials are cooperating with the collector,\" said P Somasundaram, a farmer-turned-granite agent, who is helping the administration. He accused officials and staff at various levels of colluding with the mafia. Quarrying activities have come to a standstill in the region. But a discomfiting sign of the challenge ahead is the decision of the district's Revenue Officials' Administration, which has 500 members, to stop assisting authorities investigating the case. It passed a resolution at a meeting last week. Officials of the revenue, public works and mines departments have been arrested. Corruption cases were filed against two serving IAS officers, N Mathivanan and C Kamaraj, both former Madurai collectors. The noose is likely to tighten further when police pick up Alagiri's son, for whom a nationwide hunt is on. The task of bringing to book the offenders is an uphill one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16621567", "title": "Kidnapped infant abandoned near temple rescued", "text": "COIMBATORE: A one-year-old boy, kidnapped by a four-member gang to get back at his father who was involved in a business rivalry in Tirupur, was rescued within a few hours of the crime on Sunday evening.Police said D Balu, 32, residing at Nagalingapuram near Koduvai in Tirupur district, was running a poultry business. Around 5.30pm on Sunday, four persons came to his house looking for him. When Balu's father Dhandapani told them that he had gone out for a business meet, they kidnapped Balu's son B Sudan Prasad and fled in a car. Dhandapani tried to save his grandson but in vain.Dhandapani immediately informed his son Balu who alerted the Avinashipalayam police. Tirupur and Erode district police conducted vehicle checks at various points looking for the gang.Meanwhile, the gang abandoned the boy at Eswaran temple near Chennimalai in Erode. The Chennimalai police rescued the boy and informed Avinashipalayam police, who had sent a team to return the boy to Tirupur.\"The four-member gang hired a car and kidnapped the boy. We traced the car registration number and conducted an inquiry with the driver. We will nab the culprits soon,\" said Mayilsamy, sub-inspector, Avinashipalayam police station.Police said Balu and his business rival were having enmity over financial problems. It is possible that his rival may have kidnapped the boy, police added. Balu and his family members were hesitating to lodge a complaint against the kidnappers, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16620820", "title": "Tightrope walk for pedestrians as metro work eats up footpaths", "text": "CHENNAI: There is virtually no space left for pedestrians in front of the Chennai Central railway station as metro rail work has eaten up pavements. The first walkway for blinds near Raja Muthiah Salai has also been encroached by the metro construction. Commuters say they are now forced to walk on the busy road.There have been situations when pedestrians escaped being hit by a speeding vehicle. Sixty-five-year-old K Saravanan of Anna Nagar, who came to Ripon Buildings, said: \"I was absolutely shocked when a speeding lorry came from the opposite direction and there was no space to walk.\" The previous corporation council had constructed a 470-metre footpath for visually-challenged people near Ripon Buildings on EVR Periyar Salai.Following an earlier TOI report on the encroachment of the footbridge for visually-challenged people, Chennai Metro Rail Limited restored some parts of it.Commuters also said there were no hand railings on pedestrian walks on Raja Muthiah Salai. \"During peak hours, there is hardly any space to walk. The authority should take initiatives to end this crisis,\" said Vijaya Lakshmi, another commuter.Corporation officials said metro rail officials are responsible for providing pedestrian walks. The footpath had an 8-inch-wide line of ceramic tiling against which a visually-challenged person could tap a mobility cane. The specially-built yellow ceramic tiles cost around 1,007 per sqm. Many visually challenged people were also upset on this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16621379", "title": "12 fringe parties float new political front", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: In what is being seen as a tactical political move ahead of the general election in 2014, at least 12 fringe political parties and organizations have come together and formed the Odisha Jana Samukhya (OJS) here on Sunday.Talking to reporters here, OJS chairman and Odisha Communist Party leader Ajeya Rout said the party would nominate candidates in all 21 Lok Sabha seats and 147 assembly segments in the state in 2014. \"Twelve political parties and organizations have come together. We will contest election from all the LS and Assembly seats in the state,\" Rout said. He dismissed speculations that the new formation had the backing of Rajya Sabha member and sacked BJD leader Pyarimohan Mohapatra.Stating that people in Odisha were fed up with the ruling BJD and opposition Congress, Rout said the OJS would provide a viable political alternative to the people of the state. \"We will go to people promising a corruption-free government,\" he said.Samruddha Odisha president and OJS convener Jatish Mohanty said the new political formation would put up a chief ministerial candidate who would be acceptable to all.Besides Odisha Communist Party and Samruddha Odisha, the other parties who have come together in the new front, include Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD), Republican Party of India, Odisha Vikas Party, Paschim Odisha Vikas Party, Mitra Shakti, National Samajwadi Vichar Manch, Utkal Samaj, Justice Party and Dalit Adhikar Manch.A statement issued by the newly formed front held the state's political leadership responsible for the state's dismal growth and continuing poverty. The rich natural resources of the state are being used for benefit of a handful of persons, it said.The OJS has announced to hold its first state-level meeting on October 2 in Bhubaneswar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16624554", "title": "Pattinson voted world's sexiest man again", "text": "Robert Pattinson has been named the world's sexiest man for the fourth consecutive time.The ' Twilight ' hunk has maintained his place as the world's sexiest man, despite being publicly humiliated over Kristen Stewart's cheating scandal.The 26-year-old British star, who is said to have rekindled his relationship with love rat Kristen Stewart following her admission that she had an affair with her married director Rupert Sanders, has won the accolade for the fourth year in a row.Fellow British actor and ' Avengers Assemble ' star Tom Hiddleston was voted second in Glamour magazine's list of 50 sexiest men, in which 40,000 people participated, followed by heartthrob Johnny Depp , the Mirror reported.'Prometheus' star Michael Fassbender landed fourth while 'Sherlock' actor Benedict Cumberbatch came in fifth, up from 33 last year.The top 10 is completed by Robert Downey Jr, Taylor Lautner , Paul Wesley, James McAvoy and Henry Cavill .The top 50 also included David Tennant , Colin Firth , Matt Smith, David Beckham and Justin Bieber , who slipped two places from last year to 49.Over 40,000 people voted in Glamour magazine's 50 sexiest men of 2012 poll.The top 10 sexiest men for 2012 are:Robert PattinsonTom HiddlestonJohnny DeppMichael FassbenderBenedict CumberbatchRobert Downey JrTaylor LautnerPaul WesleyJames McAvoyHenry Cavill", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "faizabad", "code": "16619926", "title": "Naxal menace growing in India: VK Singh", "text": "FAIZABAD: Former Army chief General VK Singh said Naxalism is spreading fast in the country; against 50 Naxal-affected districts in 1990, today 270 districts are under Red-terror. He said if situation remains the same then Naxalism will grow at a faster pace.Singh was addressing a seminar organised by the military science department at Saket PG College here on Sunday. He blamed economic disparity for the rise in Naxalism. Speaking on the national economic policy, the former Army chief said the growing divide between the haves and haves not should be bridged.Singh exhorted NCC cadets and students to join the fight against corruption. \"Lord Hanuman will not come to end corruption, it's we who have to wage a fight against it,\" he said.Speaking on communalism, General Singh said one should learn the lesson of secularism from Indian armed forces where country comes first and not the religion or caste. The former Army chief alleged that during elections all political parties select candidates on the basis of caste and religion and added that such measures weaken the democratic system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16624347", "title": "IAS officer arrested for allegedly harassing woman in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Special secretary, technical education, government of Uttar Pradesh, Shashi Bhushan was arrested on Monday morning by the government railway police (GRP) on charges of trying to molest a woman, an senior executive in IT giant Google while travelling from Delhi to Lucknow on Lucknow Mail. He has been sent to 14-day judicial custody by the court.The IAS officer was detained after the train reached the Charbhagh railway station and interrogated him for four hours before arrest. The GRP lodged a case of harassment against the officer and will produce him in the court later during the day. The officer said in his defence that he entered into a verbal duel with the woman after she made castist remark on him. The GRP said they had to arrest the officer for further inquiry as charges against him are serious.According to the GRP, the woman, in her complaint said that the IAS officer misbehaved with her all night on the train. In the morning when she went to toilet, she alleged, the officer tried to molest her daughter. When the daughter informed the woman about the incident, the latter lodged a complaint with the GRP and informed her family members on mobile phone. Realising the consequences, the officer threw himself on the feet of the woman and started apologising.However, the woman went ahead and lodged a written complaint. Sources said that the GRP and the officer tried to pressurise the woman to compromise and withdraw the complaint. However, the victim remained firm on her stand. As a result, the GRP had to arrest the officer but the latter booked under bailable offence. The officer claimed that the argument started after he accidentally dropped woman's luggage in which she used a casteist slur against him.The GRP has lodged the case under section 354 of the Indian Penal Code: \"Whoever assaults or uses criminal force to any woman, intending to outrage or knowing it to be likely that he will thereby outrage her modesty, shall be punished with impris-onment of either description for a term which may extend to two years, or with fine, or with both.\"The GRP inspector who booked IAS officer under bailable offences has been shifted to Gorakhpur. The new inspector after taking charge has also slapped IPC section involving attempt of rape. According to sources, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav was not happy with the way GRP first tried to force the woman not to press charges and later booked the accused under `mild sections' of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16620680", "title": "Delhi Half Marathon: Spirited armymen outshine others", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid the 20,000 participants of the Great Delhi Run, a group of 16 men stood out. They don't share a common age group or city of residence, but one factor unites them \u2014 they're all disabled members of the Indian armed forces.The group represented the War Wounded Foundation (WWF), which started in 2002 for people with war disabilities. \"We want to show that even after being disabled the military still has spirit,\" said Lt Gen Vijay Oberoi, former vice chief of army staff and president of WWF, who lost his right leg in the 1965 war.Their participation was also aimed at giving visibility to the war disabled fraternity. \"They face a lot of issues because of lack of awareness. They are not aware of their entitlements and government departments are not helpful. Disbursement authorities are also not aware of changes in entitlements and there is no system to address these problems,\" said Lt Col Gulshan Kumar, executive officer of WWF. Although he is not disabled himself, he is associated with the foundation to help veterans get their due.Mahendra Singh, a 45-year-old runner, emphasizes the 'Sipahi' title in front of his name. He came here from Jhunjhunu district in Rajasthan to participate, for the first time, and said, \"After I lost my right arm at Siachen glacier in 1991, I didn't get a job. Now I just sit at home so this is a way for me to show I am still capable.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16623656", "title": "All the clothes women have been banned from wearing", "text": "Though we may be country that practices several religions, mouths various dialects and boasts of many cultures - it's kind of ironic how we all speak the same sexist language.Out of the many things the North, South, West and East disagree on, one of the few common grounds between them is the banning of Western clothing for women. Though they rarely ever see eye-to-eye when it comes to bills, laws and amendments - say, \"Jeans\" or \"Skirt\" and government officials, college authorities, rebel groups, parents and khaps will be unanimous in their ire against the piece of fabric. What has made this clothing the scourge of society? We recap on all the bans brought down up on them to figure it out.Jeans banWhere: Women and Child Department (WCD), Haryana (2012)Why: Maybe this was their way of pushing for 'formal wear' in office but it all got lost in translation when they offically branded jeans and T-shirt as 'indecent'. The circular sent out to employees asked women to wear a sari or a salwar kameez and stay away indecent western dresses. The men could wear jeans-and-T-shirt's lesser evil counterpart - the pant-shirt.Where: Leading colleges of Kanpur (2009)Why: Besides jeans, the colleges also banned girls from wearing tight-fit clothes, sleeveless blouses and high heels in order to not become an eve-teasers' target.Where: Government college in Bhopal (2010)Why: To instill Indian culture in the college. The authorities decided that jeans-pants were out for the teachers and saris were in.Where: Krishna Menon College, Mumbai (2010)Why: The reason given is that tight jeans taint the reputation of the college. Banning it apart, the college refused to give admission to girls who dared to wear a pair.Where: Anna University, Chennai (2005)Why: If jeans could offend the reputation of a Mumbai college, they can also affront a Chennai college's dignity. Also undignified, according to Anna college, are the colours red and black which too were banned.Where: In Jharkand, by the Jharkand Mukti Sangh (2012)Why: The rebel outfit, self-appointed moral custodians, threatened girls who wore jeans or walked around without a dupatta with acid attacks.Where: UP's Shoram village (2011)Why: A khap panchayat blamed the jeans for provoking eve-teasing and - wait for it - encouraging young couples to elope (by speaking in it's 'jean tongue'? Practicing mind control? Oh, the mystical powers of denim)SkirtsBlamed:Recently, Bengali actor and Trinamool Congress legislator Chiranjeet aka Dipak Chakraborty, said that eve-teasing had been in practice for a long long time and one of the key reasons for this was - \"short dresses and short skirts worn by women. This in turn instigates young men\". He then also gave us a useless Ramayan metaphor to understand his predicament: \"The incident of eve-teasing is not good. We condemn it but we need to see one thing that there can be no Ramayana without a Ravan.\" Who is Ravan - the eve teaser or the short skirt? Only Chiranjeet would know.Banned:Where: Manipur, by six student bodies and by Manipuri rebel group KYKL (2012)Why: For moral and traditional reasons. While the student bodies insisted girls trade in skirts for traditional Phaneks (to be worn below the knee) - KYKL for even more extremist stating that any woman of the state not wearing Phanek was punishable by death.Where: In Mizoram schools, by the government (2010)Why: Short skirts (ones that don't start at the navel and end below the knee) were banned to promote decency and discipline.Where: In Kashmir by Jamiat-e-Islami (2012)Why: Aimed mainly at tourist, the party intended that \"some tourists, mostly foreigners, are seen in mini-skirts and other objectionable dresses that are against our ethos and culture, and unacceptable to civil society. Kashmiris cannot, for the sake of their economy , give up their divine (sic) values at any cost.\" Fortunately, the tourism department ignored the group's pleas.SleevelessWhere: Mumbai's St Xavier's College (Since forever)Why: The college does not allow sleeveless or low-necked tops, short skirts or shorts. The reason given is the \"conservative code of conduct\". At least we can give them credit for the fact that there is no hypocrisy in the above statement.Where: Chennai Colleges (2005)Why: Simplicity, decency and morality - the three reasons given. Also, \"indecent attire\" invites adverse public reactions and incites sexual harassment of students. Colleges have banned: Low-waist jeans with short tops, students must only wear long, loose shirts over jeans. Sleeveless dresses, mini-skirts and shorts have already been banned. Sleeveless churidar kurtas are also a no-no.Where: Kanpur Colleges (2009)Why: Sleeveless tops and high heels were banned for teachers, after they banned jeans for women in the colleges. This was done so that students didn't protest for the jeans ban and also for protection from \"eve-teasing\".Where : Orissa (2006)Why: For moral purpose, students in almost 500 government colleges cannot wear jeans, skirts or sleeveless tops. Girls are only allowed to wear Indian attire .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16619029", "title": "14 and counting for PSPB", "text": "SRINAGAR: The PSPB squad is owner's pride and neighbour's (read other teams) envy.Ever since the PSPB teams are allowed to participate in the 1999 senior nationals, they have remained unbeaten so far. In the last 14 nationals, they were tested so many times but still managed to hang on to their incredible reputation as the numero uno team of the country.It all started in Jaipur in 2000 where they made their debut. Their entry into the nationals was opposed by many state associations as they feared their dominance will be over soon.Their worst fear is coming true as the PSPB men's and women's teams are not letting the other state sides win the Rahimatoola Cup and Chadha Cup for nearly one and half decades.Who will be a better person than Manjusha Kanwar to tell about the historic feat of PSPB. She was a player when PSPB won their maiden title and now as a coach, the former national champion is guiding the youngsters.\"We have the luxury of having so many talented players in our rank. This year we didn't have Saina Nehwal and PV Sindhu but still we managed to triumph. Arundhati Pantawane and PC Thulasi made up for their absence. That shows our team's depth. We are fortunate to have specialist players in both the teams to do the job for us,\" said Manjusha.The phenomenal success of PSPB depends on many factors. They offer the promising players job early in their career and give them the best of facilities. The administrators of PSPB do not make compulsory for their players to attend the office and give them full liberty to concentrate on their game unlike the other institutions.But there is another dark side to the story also. The continuous PSPB success has made the nationals a predictable one. Even a kid can predict which team will win the nationals.Maharashtra coach Milind Ghate said this should be stopped otherwise people will lose interest in the nationals.\"This is an inter-state tournament and should remain like that. Before the PSPB were introduced in the nationals, Maharashtra used to win regularly because they had so many quality players. Now the same players have been opting to play for their employers which is obvious. Look at the present scenario, majority of the top players are from Andhra Pradesh but that state is not getting the benefit because they are employed with PSPB,\" explained Ghate.The former national-level player said the BAI should do something to make this tournament more interesting in the future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16624454", "title": "What made Priyadarshan give up cricket?", "text": "Did you know that Priyadarshan was all set to become a cricketer and had plans to play on the national and international level.The director revealed, \"There was a time when I harboured an ambition of being a cricketer. I used to play on the state level and was an expert at it during my school days. During my college days, I represented my insititute as a captain and actively participated in the game.\"But a grave accident, while playing once, made his dream go kaput.\"Once while playing I lost my eye. I gave it up then. Guess whatever happens, happens for good for I became a filmmaker. Had I to be a cricketer today I would retired and working in some bank. But I became a filmmaker and have no regrets about it. I still love cricket and always make it a point to carry all the equipments on the sets. The entire unit and I play during breaks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16622847", "title": "IMPPA fight finds its winner", "text": "Last week, we told you how Sushma Shiromanee, who was suspended from the Indian Motion Pictures Producers' Association ( IMPPA), had returned to fight the presidential elections against TP Agarwal, the one who she had alleged of fraudulent practices.Promising never to 'giveup', Shiromanee had moved the court against the association's decision to suspend her. However, Agarwal had been rather confident of his victory. \"99 per cent I should win,\" he had told us about the elections that were scheduled for September 28.Surely enough, after the elections held through secret ballot at a Juhu school last week, the results that were declared on the 29th hailed Agarwal as the winner. In fact, Shiromanee who had managed to garner five votes as opposed to Agarwal's 18 last year, ended up with a dismal two votes this year.Happy having defeated Shiromanee, Agarwal told us, \"I have won. I stand vindicated. I guess Shiromanee tried her best. But two votes is all that her team could get.\"However, Shiromanee has retained her seat in the association. \"She has individually managed to win,\" Agarwal told us. Shiromanee, having lost the elections simply told us, \"I wish Agarwal the best. What more can I say.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "ahmedbad", "code": "16623286", "title": "Increased vigilance at city airport reports rise in fake immigration cases", "text": "AHMEDBAD: On September 28, the immigration officers at Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel international airport in Ahmedabad handed over four persons including a couple and two cousins in two different cases to Sardarnagar police for further investigation. It was fourth case in past two months where the airport officials lodged police complaint for breach of immigration laws. The officials attribute high number of cases to heightened vigilance and stricter screening.On Friday, the first case was registered against Ghanshyam Patel and his wife Bhagwati, both natives of Modhera in Mehsana district. As per immigration officials, the couple had been to the US two years back but they did not have sufficient documents to come back home. To overcome the issue, they got passports of the lookalikes and were travelling on fake names. When the immigration officials grew suspicious, they demanded more identity proof when they were caught.In another incident, Purushottam Hirani and his cousin Mulji Hirani, natives of Kutch, were returning from London. Their passports had immigration stamps of Mumbai but they had got the direct flight. The immigration officials grew suspicious and called upon their counterparts in Mumbai whether the duo had done their immigration procedure there. When they got the answer in negative, they were apprehended and handed over to police.\"Many fraudsters opt for Ahmedabad airport assuming that being a comparatively smaller airport, there would not be major security and they can sail through the process. However, the vigilant staff gets the defaulters on a regular basis. Earlier this month, we had registered a case where a man who was defaulter to a bank in Dubai had fled from there on a different name and had come to the city airport for immigration. His bluff was caught when the officials found that the original photograph was replaced with his own photograph,\" said a Sardarnagar police official.Two months back, an Afghan family from Italy had tried to enter India by the city airport through forged passport route but was caught by immigration officials. \"We attribute the regular detections to regular training of the staff in identifying the forged documents, reading the body language and quick decision after a couple of questions. The personnel are trained to be polite yet firm at all the times,\" said an immigration official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "berhampur (odisha)", "code": "16624280", "title": "ICSE reduces examination fee for Class X and Class XII", "text": "BERHAMPUR (ODISHA): It's good news for students appearing for the Class X and XII examinations conducted by the Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations (CISCE) in March next.The council, which runs around 2000 schools across the country, has decided to reduce the examination fee by over 50 per cent in the next examinations\"We have decided to reduce examination fees from Rs 2100 to Rs 1000 this time\", said CISCE chairman Jose Aikara.\"The council had increased the examination fees as it required funds for various purposes. The council has decided to cut the amount from next year for the benefit of students\", he said on the sideline of a function here.About 1.60 lakh students in Class X and 80,000 students in Class XII examinations had appeared last time. The number of candidates for both the examinations was expected to increase this time, he said.Aikara said CISCE had already introduced the common syllabus at the higher secondary level. The students would appear for the examinations in 2014 as per the common syllabus designed as per the suggestions given by experts.The syllabus in Mathematics, Chemistry, Physics, Biology and Commerce had been changed as per suggestion by experts. The government wanted that the students would appear in the examination in 2014 in uniform syllabus across the country.He, however, said CISCE would maintain its identity from others adding a few more subjects in some courses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16621266", "title": "Pneumonia claims 107 kids in 5 months", "text": "NASHIK: Of 668 child deaths - between age 0 and 6 years reported by the district health office, pneumonia has emerged as a dreaded disease even as accidents claimed 37 children and there were eleven cases of children having drowned.The child death audit carried out by district health office for last five months has revealed that following pneumonia, low birth weight has been another critical factor that has claimed 89 children. This is closely followed by pre-mature deliveries which claimed 86 infant lives.The officials from the district health office (DHO) said that diseases like pneumonia, diarrhoea or meningitis are caused on account of of malnourishment and factors like low birth weight and premature delivery are also responsible for the existence of malnourished children. \"Considering the range of diseases and factors, the reports suggest that over 375 children have died because of these factors or of related diseases,\" the official said.The DHO official further pointed out that there were 37 deaths due to various accidents, while three children died of burns and 11 drowned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16621114", "title": "Fervour all around as Pune sees off Bappa", "text": "PUNE: Thousands of zealous devotees and awe-struck foreigners bid farewell to Ganapati Bappa on Saturday to energetic beats of dhol and dazzling fireworks amid heavy police deployment in the city.The immersion processions on Anant Chaturdashi began from the Tilak statue in Mandai at 10.30 am, as the five 'manache' Ganapatis - Kasba Peth, Tambdi Jogeshwari, Guruji Talim, Tulshibaug and Kesariwada - were led one by one by devout multitudes till the Alka talkies chowk, the vortex of all action.Laxmi Road was adorned with vibrant 'rangoli' and flowers to welcome the myriad Ganesh idols that were to pass through. Police were seen at every chowk, but people moved unrestrained, gripped by the day's intoxicating festive fervour. Unlike last year, police had positioned a series of movable metal barricades for easy movement of the crowd. Areas such as City Post, Shagun chowk, Vijay talkies chowk and some parts of Kumthekar road had such barricades.Ravindra Kenjale, a regular patron of the Ganesh festival procession, said, \"This time the crowd is more as compared to the last two years. Everyone is in a festive mood and many have arrived with their families to see the immersion procession. I am here to see the festivities with my cousins, who have come to Pune especially to witness the big day.\"The first Ganapati of honour, the Shri Kasba Ganapati Sarvajanik Ganeshotsav Mandal Trust's deity passed through Laxmi Road seated in an ornate silver 'palkhi' held piously by a host of devotees. Apart from the Ramanbaug dhol-tasha pathak and a band comprising mentally-challenged children from the Kamayani school, a special troupe of northeastern students in traditional wear was also seen bidding adieu to lord Ganesh. They held placards with messages of peace and unity \"The placards will help us spread the message of unity among all Indians, irrespective of the state they belong to,\" said Diganta Das, a participant of the troupe, which comprised as many as 60 members.Experimental compositions by dhol-tasha groups marked the immersion festivities this year. For instance, the 60-member Ramanbaug dhol-tasha pathak rendered some new beats that sent the crowd into a feverish frenzy. Aneesh Prabhune, a member of the troupe, said, \"We had composed some new tunes last year and practiced them during the year. We then performed before the mandal volunteers who appreciated what they heard.\"According to members of the Kasba Ganapati Sarvajanik Ganeshotsav Mandal, at least a thousand people reached Alka Talkies around 2.30 pm with the majestic idol. Pune mayor Vaishali Bankar broke into the play of 'fugdi' with the mandal's ladies who were part of the procession. The highlight, however, was the foreigners who participated in the procession - women wearing traditional Maharashtrian 'nauvari' saris and men in 'kurta pyjamas'.The second Ganapati of honour, Tambdi Jogeshwari, reached Alka Talkies chowk around 3 pm, with the silver palanquin housing the idol shimmering in the sun. Rain clouds had just frittered away, giving way to a brightly-lit sky, as if to welcome the deity. Thirty-five women of the Ramanbaug Prashala dhol pathak, sporting white 'kurta-pyjamas' and crimson 'phetas', eagerly beat at the dhols, while women from the Ranaragini group, dressed in nine-yard fineries, welcomed the Tambadi Jogeshwari Trust's procession. They held placards etched with Marathi slogans that opposed the evil practice of female foeticide.Experimentation in the dhol beats reached unchartered heights as dhol tasha group 'Taal' played the African instrument 'djembe'. The group had 125 youngsters donning yellow 'kurtas', white Gandhi topis and 'shelas' to complete the attire. \"We prepared the African instrument from plastic water cans and played it the way drums are played,\" said Parikshit Phand of Taal. The group then rendered a mesmerizing 'jugalbandi', when dhols, tashas, djembes, conch shells and 400 'ghungroos' resounded together in perfect unison.Satonei Hisano from Japan, dressed in a dazzling yellow 'nauvari' sari, said, \"I have been participating in the Tambdi Jogeshwari Ganapati procession since the last five years. I also attend the 'aarti' at the temple every morning because I love lord Ganesh and his festival.\"Mridul Deshmukh, a student from Aurangabad, was seen in the crowd, looking for a spot to witness the action from. \"Though the festival is celebrated in Aurangabad, the intensity with which it is celebrated in Pune is incomparable,\" she said.The third Ganapati of honour, Guruji Talim Ganapati, was mounted on a 14-foot 'rajhans' chariot, beautified with 20 types of flowers. The procession left from Mandai around 11.30 am and reached the Alka talkies chowk at 4 pm. As many as 432 children from the Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose Boys Military School gave 'mallakhamb' and 'ghungroo-kaathi' performances, with some springing through rings on fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16619790", "title": "20-year-old dies in Paldi accident", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An AMTS bus crashed into a father-son duo riding a bike near Paldi crossroads on Sunday afternoon. A 20-year-old youth, riding pillion, died in the accident. The bus driver fled from the spot soon after the incident.According to Ellisbridge police officials, Zakir Husain Shaikh and his son Irfan, residents of Gyaspur, were passing through Paldi and going towards Jamalpur at 12.15 pm on Sunday. At the time, an AMTS bus plying on the Geeta Mandir route came from behind and in a bid to overtake the bike rammed into it. \"Zakir Husain and Irfan fell from the bike and were dragged for a few feet,\" said an Ellisbridge police official. \"The bus driver could not control the vehicle and ran over Irfan. He died on the spot. Zakir sustained severe injuries and was taken to VS Hospital. The accident created a commotion as passers-by started a search for the driver.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16619086", "title": "Thief pays Rs 1L fee for daughter\u2019s school", "text": "MUMBAI: A former bar dancer, who took to thefts and earned enough to send one of her daughters to a Panchgani-based boarding school, was arrested by the Kurla government railway police (GRP) last week. Yasmin Shaikh, 26, the accused, was booked in 18 cases in the past. Her story seems straight out of a Bollywood flick.\"Yasmin's family hails from Gulbarga in Karnataka. Her parents later moved to Mumbai. While her mother and sister took to manual labour, Yasmin wanted to make quick money and live a lavish life. She dropped out of school after Std VII and started working at a dance bar,\" said senior inspector S Dhumal. Initially, Yasmin's family objected to her profession but later they gave in. \"After the ban on dance bars by the state, Yasmin turned to prostitution. But after a while, Yasmin wasn't happy with the money she was making. She and her friend, Suvarna, then teamed up to steal jewellery from a house at Antop Hill.\"Subsequently, Yasmin fell in love with a video parlour owner, Jaykumar. The two got married and have two daughters. Unhappy with her husband's limited income, Yasmin teamed up with another friend, Reshma Ansari, to steal from commuters in local trains.\"Yasmin and Reshma would don burkhas and travel in ladies compartments. They would nimbly open their co-travellers' bags and steal cellphones. Soon, they graduated to stealing mangalsutras and chains worn by commuters,\" said a GRP official. \"We have nabbed her many times in the past but she goes back to crime after being released on bail. Now, she has also begun accusing police personnel of harassment or inflicting injuries on herself in the lock-up.\"On September 25, Yasmin was arrested at Vikhroli station and confessed to selling two stolen chains to her associate, Saira Shaikh. The Kurla GRP also arrested Saira. Officials say Yasmin has made enough money to afford the Rs 1 lakh fee for her daughter's boarding school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16620108", "title": "Man stabs wife to death", "text": "PATNA: One Jitendra Kumar on Sunday stabbed his three-month pregnant wife Lata Devi to death at village Usari under Sahpur police station in Patna district on Sunday. They had got married six months back.Sahpur police station SHO Sanik Kumar said the injured woman, a resident of Nawada Teesra Tola under Phulwarisharif police station, was rushed to Danapur Sadar Hospital where the doctors referred her to PMCH. There she succumbed to injuries.Lata's brother has alleged that Jitendra used to force his wife to bring money from her parents. The deceased's father in-law Ratan Mahato has been arrested. Jitendra, who has been admitted to PMCH as he too sustained injuries in the incident, would be taken into custody. Prima facie, it seems to be a case of dowry, the SHO added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16619468", "title": "15 arrested for creating ruckus on Gurgaon's Mall Mile", "text": "GURGAON: The city police have arrested 15 people for creating ruckus on MG Road on Saturday night. On Sunday, they were produced before a duty magistrate and granted bail.Following reports for hooliganism outside Sahara mall, Sector 29 police conducted a raid late on Saturday night. All the accused were arrested and an FIR was filed under section 160 of the IPC.Gurgaon's Mall Mile - a notorious stretch on MG Road - has been infamous for bloody brawls and crime against women. The pubs here represent the burgeoning nightlife wrapped in a veil of sleaze.But the pub owners blame liquor vendors outside for the trouble. \"Those who create ruckus on the roads can't afford pubs. They buy liquor from roadside vendors and drink in open. Police should put an end to this,\" said a pub manager on request of anonymity.The sub-culture of the nightlife on MG Road - being unorganized and haphazard - is not a safe one. Frequent brawls, drunken fights and misbehaviour with women have given a notorious tag to the city.Earlier this year, a woman was assaulted by two bouncers at a pub in Sahara Mall. Before that, Gurgaon witnessed a bloody New Year's Eve when several women were molested by a mob on the same stretch.After all these incidents, police have become more vigil and react promptly on complaints of hooliganism. But more needs to be done to make the city safer at night.Lack of basic infrastructure like streetlights, adequate police patrolling, footpaths and CCTVs on major roads and trouble spots have only helped and criminals to flourish. Low police presence and mushrooming liquor vends have turned the city into a crime hub.The civic agencies need to do their bit to empower the police with adequate infrastructure to crackdown on criminals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16618498", "title": "NMC turns on tap for pvt players even as 'west' opts out", "text": "NAGPUR: Not learning from the mistakes of others, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has opted for privatization of water works just when cities in developed nations are taking back control of their water works from private companies. Even the municipal body of Paris, the home city of Veolia Water, in France claims have benefited after taking back water works from Veolia and another private company, two years ago.France-based Veolia Water is the JV partner in city water operator Orange City Water Limited (OCWL). It had brought in a team of five journalists from France to visit the city's water works. The journalists told TOI that the municipal body of Paris was operating its own water works since the last two years.\"We get water supply for 24 hours and have no problem of quality. But the water rates are too high. The citizens are facing great inconvenience due to high water rates. The municipal body is now cutting the rates,\" said one of the journalists.The website of Paris municipal body, known as Mairie de Paris, says that Veolia and Suez Environment used to operate the water works of Paris. Their 25-year contract ended in 2009-10 and the municipal body discontinued the private water works operators to take over the operations itself. The municipal body claims to have cut water rates by 8% within a year and increase annual gain from water.The website also quotes Paris deputy mayor Anne Le Strat as saying, \"Water rates went up by 260% under the private companies. Water is a common asset, making it part of our living heritage, our common living heritage and humanity. We have to ensure public control and management of this resource.\"Like Paris, many other cities too are taking control of their water works.Interestingly, NMC handed over water works to OCWL for 25 years in November 2011. The privatization of water works was done citing the PPP model. The Central government sanctioned projects worth Rs 1,700 crore to strengthen water works. All water works, right from reservoirs to household pipelines, are set to be improved under this project. Besides, water supply too increased by 110 million litres per day (MLD) and more 115 million litres per day (MLD) will be added soon, taking the total to over 750 MLD. NMC handed over entire water operations to private company citing lack of funds to contribute its share of Rs 117 crore in the 24X7 water supply project.NMC also hiked water tariff to a great extent in 2009. Since then, NMC has been increasing water tariff 5% every year.Despite upgraded water infrastructure and availability of funds, the private operator may has not been able to give results in Nagpur. Sources told TOI that the Mysore municipal corporation was the first to hand over its water works to a private company under 24X7 water supply project in 2008, and was still facing hard times.Water works consultant for six cities, including city, Dinesh Rathi confirmed to TOI that the developed countries were taking back water works from private companies. \"But the model of the city is different, to some extent. Here, the civic body did not privatize the entire water works. Besides, the powers of deciding water tariff and disconnection is with the civic body. The agreement with private company can be cancelled at any time in case of poor performance in our model,\" he said.Rathi further said that NMC neither has expertise in water works nor the proper mechanisms in place. \"Civic bodies in developed countries got all these when private companies were operating there, and are now running water works smoothly. But the situation in our country is totally opposite right now,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16620718", "title": "Puja organizers go hi-tech for sponsors", "text": "KOLKATA: Earlier, it was through paratuto kakus, jethus and dadas that puja committees arranged for sponsors. But with the evolution of theme pujas, the organizers can no longer depend on the PR skills of the para veterans.With each passing year, more and more puja committees across the city are resorting to the digital media to hard sell their pujas. The organisers of the Badamtala Ashar Sangha, who did not want to return empty handed while looking for sponsors to fund their high-wattage puja, therefore stepped into the offices of the probable sponsors with a three-minute animation film handy.Apart from highlighting the USPs of the puja, the audio-visual clip showed how a corporate house would benefit by advertising or sponsoring the puja. The CD ended with package deals on offer. one of the most popular pujas of the city, went looking for sponsors for their high wattage puja, they were armed with a three-minute animation film, highlighting the USPs of the puja and how a corporate house would benefit by advertising or sponsoring the puja. The CD ended with package deals on offer.The organizers have been kept on their toes this year as the Innovative ways of marketing their pujas have kept organisers on their toes this time, especially because the market is slow and themost popular sponsors have reported a budget cut in puja sponsorships. But the big puja organisers are in no mood to cut down on the frills as far as their \"themes\" are concerned because that would mean stepping out of the awards race. Thus they are busy devising new marketing techniques to meet the budget that has risen by at least 20% as compared to last year. Hence, they are devising new techniques to hard sell their pujas to corporate sponsors. Almost every organiser revealed that though it has been difficult raising funds for their pujas, the budget this year has exceeded that of last year by at least 20 per cent, something that could be compromised with only at the cost of quality.Almost immediately after Dashami last year, Badamtala decided to shoot a film to market itself. \"With a budget of more than Rs 18 lakh and a slowdown to deal with, we did not want to take chances. We circulated the film not only among national-level sponsors, but also among the upcoming companies headquartered here,\" revealed Rajdeep Das, a healthcare professional who is looking after the puja marketing of his club.A huge glass aquarium is being built at the 66 Pally Puja that promises a glimpse of the aquatic life one gets to see in Singapore . But the organizers need a minimum of Rs 20 lakh for which they have sold 80% of the rights of the puja to a popular Bengali TV channel. will have live sea life in an airconditioned pandal, almost like what you have seen in Singapore. To bring such an exotic theme to life, the organisers have to arrange for at least Rs 20 lakhs. Gone are the days when this puja used to be organised only with the help of para subscriptions. Today, the 62-year-old puja survives mainly on corporate sponsorship and organisers admit that they do not even find time to collect para subscriptions. This year the organisers have sold 80% of the rights of the puja to a popular Bengali TV channel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16621012", "title": "City lights", "text": "Sounding OffMention Mumbai's favourite festival , Ganeshotsav , and the issue of noise pollution invariably crops up . This year , though , one got a completely different take on the festival-noise equation. A doctor at a leading public hospital , who has always publicly spoken about the worrying effect of noise on people's hearing , said she has only words of gratitude for Lalbaugcha Raja . For , it is the Lalbaug mandal that provides generous funds to her hospital to carry out ear operations on poor children . Donations to the Lord often make their way to the poor-box funds at various public hospitals . Speaking up against noisy revelry is, therefore , not an option , the doctor said . Silence is at times golden .Festival &amp; PietyAresident of Colaba had a curious encounter this Ganeshotsav , with a pest control agency . Having discovered a mouse in her apartment , she promptly telephoned an exterminator company . She was surprised to hear them tell her that a company policy forbade them from killing mice during the festival , the animal being the Lord's vahan. \"We'll come after the festival ,\" they promised . The lady couldn't tell if she was happy to come across a commercial outfit ready to forego a commission on account of piety , or chagrined to find one that refused to do its job. She went with the former .'Family' of AchieversWhen NCP's local functionary at the Mira-Bhayander Municipal Corporation , Rubina Firoz , recently organized a felicitation of \"two brave women \" \u2014the corporation's newly elected mayor Katlin Pereira and deputy mayor Syed Noor Jahan\u2014a packed hall greeted the achievers . Pereira shared the dais with 'Mummy ' (almost everyone in Mira Road addresses Syed Noor Jahan thus) and father , MLA Gilbert Mendonca . She was so overcome with emotion at the praise that she couldn't say much beyond a tremulous \"thank you\" . Mummy jovially claimed that the destiny of Mira-Bhayandar would change now that it had \"a mother (herself ), a daughter (Pereira ) and a son (Mendonca )\" at its service . Several felt it remains to be seen how the corporation's first citizen and her deputy , from the NCP and Congress , respectively , will work as a team .Show Me The Money 1stThere is this ATM at a famous mall in Malad where transactions take place in the reverse , or contrary to what happens at most other ATMs. Here is how it goes . You go to the ATM, enter your debit card , key in your password , select withdrawal of money , from , say , the savings account . Then you enter the amount you want to withdraw . So far , so good . Soon , the machine makes those friendly noises , and , lo, throws up your card . You assume the machine is not working and are disappointed and wondering what to do when suddenly the receipt comes out. It shows the amount you withdrew , but where's the money ? You ignore the receipt and start to leave for another ATM. Just then , provided you are not in a tearing hurry , you are stopped by a swoosh. You turn around to see that the money has landed . A second earlier and you would have left without collecting your money , leaving it for the next , lucky , customer or perhaps a keen observer .Crying WolfAseem Trivedi's troubles never seem to end . After the angry politicians who slapped sedition charges on him and a stern television panel that ticked him off for the \"poor quality \" of his cartoons , yet another group has taken objection to the cartoonist's substituting lions with wolves in the national emblem . The objections of this bunch , however , are neither faux-patriotic nor aesthetic : its members are concerned about the wolves being \"portrayed in a poor light\" and as \"a depiction of evil\" . Taking up the cudgels for the wronged creatures in an open letter sent to the cartoonist last week, the animal activists pointed out, \"Wolves are not evil ; no animal is... Animals claim no religion , nation , political party\u2014and neither do they accept bribes .\"We're now wondering whether the organization will also write an open letter to veteran actor Dharmendra , given his well-known exhortations about drinking the blood of dogs . Watch this space .(Contributed by Malathy Iyer, Joeanna Rebello-Fernandes , Mohammed Wajihuddin, Tareq Zahir and Radha Rajadhyaksha. Compiled by Rucha Biju Chitrodia)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16621194", "title": "Guwahati Municipal Corporation sinks net immersion plan", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Guwahati Municipal Corporation (GMC) has dropped its plan to adopt a new mechanism for immersion of Durga idols in the Brahmaputra on Bijoya Dashami as authorities are afraid the move might hurt the religious sentiments of the devotees.In a meeting organized by the Kamrup (Metro) district administration, the GMC had advocated the use of nets to prevent idols from floating in the river and polluting the water. The plan was to be implemented this year, but the authorities fear that devotees might oppose the move as the idols would remain caught in the net.\"It is a ritual to see Durga idols being carried away by the flowing waters. It is unlikely that the GMC will implement the plan, which can give rise to conflict,\" said a GMC official.Some of the prime locations in the city where Durga idols are immersed in the Brahmaputra every year include Pandu, Fancy Bazar and Kachari Ghat. Hundreds of devotees throng these river ghats on Bijoya Dashami to bid adieu to the goddess. However, this traditional practice pollutes the waters of the river.The GMC struggles with the disposal of these idols every year. \"Around 500 idols of Goddess Durga will be immersed in the Brahmaputra this year. A huge workforce and technical personnel are needed on the spot to prevent clay idols made of non-biodegradable materials from contaminating the river water. We have not yet formulated a policy to prevent the idols from getting carried away by the current of Brahmaputra,\" said additional commissioner of the GMC, Mukul Gogoi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16623645", "title": "I've always wanted to play a Marathi mulgi: Rani", "text": "It was her maiden visit to Nagpur and Rani made sure she warmed the hearts of not just Nagpurians, but also all Maharashtrians by saying, \"I've always wanted to play a Marathi mulgi!\" In the city to promote her latest film Aiyyaa, Rani says, \"Mumbai is where I've spent so much time and I always wanted to give back in some way. And playing a Marathi mulgi is one way to say thank you to all my fans in Mahrashtra.\"And is she comfy speaking the language? Flashing her brilliant smile, Rani says, \"Kinda yeah! I mean I can get my way around pertty well faltering while speaking for sure. So, I definitely can't have a long conversation in Marathi. However, playing Meenakshi Deshpande in Aiyyaa has really helped. I play this Puneri girl and my director Sachin Kundalkar has taught me everything I know about a Puneri Marathi mulgi . And I am so happy playing one, as I always wanted to play a Marathi girl. I've played Punjabi, Bengali even South Indian but not a Maharashtrian, so it's making me really happy!\"Listen to Aiyyaa songs on Gaana.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16620345", "title": "Admn\u2019s b\u2019day gift: Clean-up of Gandhi Dham", "text": "LUDHIANA: City's Gandhians certainly have a reason to rejoice as they celebrate Mahatma Gandhi's birthday on Tuesday. Following a Ludhiana Times of India report (Mahatma Gandhi's memorial lies neglected) on the poor upkeep of Gandhi Dham, the administration has cleaned and whitewashed the place. What's more, residents of Ludhiana and Phillaur have decided to plant trees and carry out fencing of the memorial. Sixty-one-year-old Brij Bhushan Goel, a retired banker, said, \"The memorial was wallowing in neglect for past many years after it was built in 1948 when a part of Mahatma Gandhi's immortal remains were brought here in an urn on February 12 that year for immersion in Satluj. After TOI highlighted the matter, the administration swung into action and now the entire memorial has been cleaned and whitewashed.\"He said as the administration has done its part, now he along with some residents, from the city as well as Phillaur, would fence the place and also carry out plantation at the memorial in addition to organising special celebrations on October 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16622623", "title": "FDI in retail: Mamata to protest at Jantar Mantar", "text": "NEW DELHI: After parting ways with the UPA, Trinamool Congress leader and West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee will for the first time lead a demonstration here on Monday against \"anti-people\" decisions of the Centre.\"It is an unprecedented decision by Banerjee to hold a rally at Jantar Mantar in the national capital to press the Centre to review its decisions on FDI in retail, cap on subsidised LPG and diesel price hike,\" Trinamool Congress MP K D Singh said here on Sunday.He said the demonstration was part of the party's resolve to show solidarity with the 'aam admi' who has been hurt the most by such decisions.\"Withdrawing from the UPA was the first step. A series of protests have been planned in the coming days till the decisions are withdrawn,\" he said.When asked whether Trinamool Congress would support a resolution in Parliament against FDI if it is brought by BJP, former railway minister Mukul Roy evaded a direct reply.\"Who brings what is not the issue. The actual issue is the decision of the government which is anti-people...the then finance minister (Pranab Mukherjee) had assured Parliament that any decision on FDI will be taken after consulting all stakeholders and after evolving a consensus. That has not happened,\" he rued.In her Facebook post, Banerjee had recently said: \"Let us fight the battle boldly and unitedly. In a democracy, people are supreme. Our voice is the voice of the people. We must raise our voice, so that the government must reconsider.\"She said the party's fight for the cause of common people continued with the help of 'Maa, Mati, Manush' throughout the country.TMC, which has 19 members in the Lok Sabha, pulled out its six ministers from the government on September 21 and withdrew support to the Congress-led UPA on these issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16620799", "title": "Attacks on BSF men rise on border", "text": "KOLKATA: The use of non-lethal weapons, like pump-action guns and stun grenades, by Border Security Force (BSF) personnel along the Indo-Bangla border may have resulted in fewer deaths of Bangla infiltrators, but the attacks by criminals from across the international border on India's border guarding force have gone up. Senior BSF officials brought this matter up with their counterparts in the Border Guard Bangladesh (BGB) during the recently concluded five-day DG level Border Co-ordination Conference between the two forces in Dhaka.\"Criminals in Bangladesh have come to know that BSF personnel are carrying non-lethal weapons. They are attacking BSF personnel with lethal weapons. We have brought this matter to the notice of the BGB and they have assured increased surveillance along the border. Till date, 2008 coordinated patrols of the BSF and BGB have been conducted along the international border. Numbers have been exchanged at all levels and officers are in direct communication to diffuse any tension along the border,\" B D Sharma, additional director general, East, BSF, said in Kolkata on Sunday.According to him, there has been a decline in the number of deaths along the international border since 2009. This has happened due to the issuance of non-lethal weapons and sensitization of troops. The number of deaths in 2009 was 93. In 2010, the figure dropped to 55. In 2011, 17 people were killed along the border and in 2012 so far, the casualty figure is 16. These figures were presented to BGB officials in Dhaka when they brought up the issue of deaths of Bangladeshi nationals along the border. The policy of the Indian government is clear on this subject. During his last visit to Kolkata, P Chidambaram , who was then minister of home affairs, said the BSF jawans have been instructed not to open fire on anyone who has 'succeeded in crossing over' the international border.There is some consternation regarding this policy among BSF officers and jawans, but the orders are being followed for the sake of better ties with Bangladesh. Unfortunately, Bangladesh doesn't seem to appreciate the efforts made by India. At the same time, Bangladesh continues to raise the issue of narcotics smuggling from India. Sources in the BSF say that this smuggling can't be effectively controlled without use of force. The moment force is used, Bangladesh starts raising the issue of deaths along the border.According to Sharma, the issue of terror outfits seeking shelter in Bangladesh was also brought up during the talks. Like in the past, Bangladesh assured that action is being taken against anti-India groups on its soil. Whether such action has yielded results is not clear though. The additional DG also said that plans to set up a joint task force on Fake Indian Currency Notes (FICN) were discussed. Bangladesh, like India, is also hit by the circulation of fake currency. A few years ago, fake currency was detected in the BGB's own headquarters in Dhaka.\"The movement of FICN from Malda to other parts of the country is a major problem. We have written to the district magistrate of Malda to incorporate several villages that have come up between the international border and the fencing on the Indian side. These zero-line villages were set up by villagers who were keen to land across the fence. Today, they have become the conduits for FICN from Bangladesh. Sometimes, bundles of currency notes are simply thrown across the fence. They have also deviced ingenious methods to send in FICN. We have recovered FICN from irrigation pipes even,\" he said.On the issue of suicides in the force, Sharma said that it has now been made mandatory for all personnel to go on leave thrice a year. The personnel will be granted 30 days leave twice. On the third occasion, he can proceed on leave for 15 days. The personnel are questioned about the situation at home when they return, to find out if they are suffering from any depression. Vigil is also being kept on the barracks to identify those with a suicidal streak. Once this is done, welfare funds are utilized to bring in family members to spend some time with the disturbed jawan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16619892", "title": "Chandigarh municipal corporation set for another \u2018futile\u2019 study tour", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It's one lesson which fails to teach anything to the municipal corporation. After spending over Rs 90.53 lakh on \"futile\" study tours from 2004 to 2011, the civic body is all set for another junket to Surat, Bangalore, Hyderabad and Chennai in November. This despite the civic body admitting in a questionnaire filed by councillor Satinder Singh that there were no records of any projects being introduced in the city on the basis of tours. The seven years also saw Rs 15 lakh being spent on foreign trips. The answers also show that some of the places were visited many times, but no benefits were brought home. Councillors and MC officers have already visited the places where they plan to go again in November. Congress councillor Satparkash Aggarwal said, \"I'll be going for the tour and will bring something for the city.\" BJP councillor Satinder Singh termed it a sheer waste of money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16620014", "title": "23-year-old Jaipur youth working on space elevators", "text": "JAIPUR: Can we create space elevators to launch payloads into space? This is something very difficult for many of us to even imagine. But the Jaipur youth Yashowardhan Chati, 23, currently posted as a research assistant in department of aeronautical and astronautics, Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) is working tirelessly to devise space elevators.He had surprised the world with his presentation on the concept of space elevators at Global Space Exploration Conference, world's biggest congregation of space scientists and emerging space scientists held in Washington DC in May 2012. He was the only from South Asian countries to participate in the conference.\"Space elevator is basically a very long tether extending from the surface of the earth to space. It rotates with the earth. Payloads are hauled up the elevator and are launched by using energy derived from the earth's rotation,\" said Chati.\"Since very less fuel is required to inject the payload into orbit, the launch can be accomplished at a fraction of the cost incurred by current launches which use rockets burning tonnes of fuel,\" added Chati, whose report played a pivotal role in his admission to MIT.The work discussed the physical properties of the elevator (like its length, shape, weight, materials which can be used for construction, etc). His report received wide appreciation from the senior scientist on how the space elevator can be used to launch payloads into earth orbits or into orbits around the moon and Mars.Chati's success journey can be traced right from the primary section of his Jaipur-based school Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan Vidyashram. He was awarded Mamraj Agarwal Rashtriya Puruskar by the then governor of Rajasthan in 2005. Recently, he was awarded gold medal by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and HRD minister Kapil Sibal for excellence in aeronautical engineering IIT-Mumbai.He won several awards and accolades in BVB Vidyashram School in Jaipur. Answering the question about how the idea of creating elevators came to him, he said, \"I was always fascinated by space. When I failed to find answers to several questions on space, the curiosity level rose and I decided to find answers to all possible questions on this subject.\"Even at IIT-Mumbai he was one of the key members of the team which created 'Pratham.' This is the first-of -its-kind satellite built by students, with the faculty as their mentors.The satellite's aim is to measure the total electron count of the ionosphere, which was appreciated by senior scientists of ISRO. \"I was involved in estimating and controlling the rates of rotation and the angular orientation of the satellite in its orbit,\" said Chati, who helped in making an accurate calculation on spin of satellite after injecting into the orbit.After getting into the orbit, a satellite spins very fast and hence, it is necessary to lower the speed for the satellite to function properly. \"The work involved developing mathematical models from the basic laws of mechanics and simulating them. The satellite is currently in its final stages of testing,\" concluded Chati. Talking about his future goals he said, \"After finishing my doctorate I will join ISRO.\"eomJaipur: Can we create space elevators to launch payloads into space? It will be very difficult for many of us to even imagine. The City lad, Yashowardhan Chati, 23, currently posted as a research assistant at department of Aeronautical and Astronautics from Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) is working tirelessly to devised space elevators.He had surprised the world with his presentation on the concept of space elevators at Global Space Exploration Conference, world biggest congregation of space scientists and emerging space scientist held in Washington DC in May 2012. He was only from South Asian Countries to participate in the conference.\"Space elevator is, basically, a very long tether extending from the surface of the earth to space. It rotates with the earth. Payloads are hauled up the elevator and are launched by using energy derived from the earth's rotation,\" said Chati.Since very less fuel is required to inject the payload into orbit, the launch can be accomplished at a fraction of the cost incurred by current launches which use rockets burning tones of fuel, added Chati, whose report played a pivotal role in admission at MIT.The work discussed the physical properties of the elevator (like its length, shape, weight, materials which can be used for construction, etc.). His report received wide appreciation from the senior scientist on how the space elevator can be used to launch payloads into earth orbits or into orbits about the moon and Mars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "bathinda", "code": "16621101", "title": "Girl's abduction: Police still clueless", "text": "BATHINDA: A week after a 15-year-old girl was kidnapped from her house in Faridkot by a seven-member armed gang, the police have failed to trace her. Local residents, social organisations and students have called for a bandh on Monday.At a meeting of \"Gundagardi Virodhi Saanjhi Action Committee\" on Sunday, the residents of the town will submit a memorandum to the deputy commissioner, demanding immediate arrest of the accused. Over 100 associations, including NGOs, employees' unions religious and social bodies and students are taking part in the protests being organised by the action committee. People living in nearby villages have also joined the protest now.\"We are pursuing the case in an organized way and about 10 teams have conducted raids in Punjab. Those involved in the case have also been identified and all are from Moga and Faridkot,\" said Gurinder Singh Dhillon, SSP, Faridkot.The girl, a class X student of a convent school in Faridkot, was abducted from Dogar Basti area. According to police, Nishan Singh, 20, a resident of Harendra Nagar, and his friends, armed with guns and iron rods, had barged into the girl's house on September 24 afternoon and abducted her. Her father, a businessman, and mother, an LIC employee, were assaulted and they are in hospital now.As per police record on March 25, 2012, he had kidnapped the same girl from her home. Police had traced the girl in a house in Kharar in Mohali on August 10. After medical examination, police had slapped rape charges on Nishan, who is still absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16619847", "title": "Home truths in the price rise story", "text": "LUCKNOW: Considered easy and affordable for lower and middle income groups to live in, the city does not fit the bill any longer, no thanks to the recent hike in diesel price of Rs 5 per litre and the subsidy cap on LPG cylinders. The resulting hike in prices of almost all the essential commodities and services over the past two weeks has drawn sharp criticism from citizens.Arun Khanna (35) lives in a small rented house in Aliganj with his wife, a child and his parents. Khanna is a marketing professional and earns around Rs 40,000 per month. His father, a retired bank clerk gets a pension of Rs 10,000 every month. With just two persons earning in a family of five, it has become difficult for them to manage the increasing cost of living. Their household expenditures have doubled in a fortnight's time. Khanna says, \"Our monthly expenditure has risen by Rs 10,000 while the income has not. I was shocked to see our expenditures have grown from Rs 10,000 to Rs 20,000.\"Prices of food, recreation facilities, transportation, education, medicines, kitchen appliances, clothings have all come risen by 5 to 25 per cent. Joint families are the worst hit, many of them considering to cook only one time and take other austere measures to check expenses to balance their monthly budget.Commodities which have shown maximum rise in price are in the food category. Following the rise in prices of fruits and vegetables, restaurants, and roadside vendors have increased their rates too. Asha Singh (57), resident of Triveninagar, says, \"Barring onions and potatoes, prices of all other vegetables have doubled. Pomegranates which came at Rs 70 per kg are now Rs 120 a kg.\" Vegetable hawker Aadesh agreed that prices of green vegetables have shot up 100 per cent. Gourds selling at Rs 5 per kg are now for Rs 12 a kg. Even pumpkins cost Rs 10 per kg from the earlier price of Rs 6.General manager of a famous restaurant and hotel chain in Lucknow said they are planning to revise their menu rate cards soon given the recent price hike. Says Ashish Bass, \"We have no option but to increase prices on our menu list. Our rate cards will be revised this week. There is an overall hike of 15-20 per cent in our rates for food and rent of taxi provided by our hotel. LPG costs have risen by about Rs 5-10 thousand every month. We cannot sustain the old pricing.\"Even street food is no exception to the compulsions of price rise. The roadside vendors have raised price of tea, coffee, bun-butter, 'litti-chokha', fruit juice by one to five rupees. Ramu (25), a tea-vendor at Sapru Marg said, \"We are forced to increase the cost of tea and bun-butter by one and three rupees.\"Tiffin caterers supplying to offices and students have raised prices of their dabba by Rs 5 to 7per meal. Ajay Gaur who supplies tiffin in Hazratganj confirmed, \"Since prices of vegetables and transportation have risen, we will increase price of our meals from Rs 30 to 35 from next month.\" A worried MBA student, Akanksha Bharadwaj staying in a paying guest facility, says the quality and quantity of the tiffin have gone down significantly after the hike and it's difficult for students to bear the increased cost against the fixed amount sent by parents.School bus and van operators have increased their monthly fare by Rs 50 to 100 per. Shikha, mother of an 8 years old boy studying in a private school says the fare of the school van has risen from Rs 700 to 800. Besides, shops which sell toys, games, gift items and souvenirs confirmed that the prices of the new stock would be about 15 to 20 per cent costlier than before. Mohit Garg, a shopkeeper in Saharaganj Mall, said, \"Transportation cost has gone up and it would reflect on the prices of the new stock.\"Retailers of apparels say the new stock for winters would be priced 10-15 per cent more. While hosiery items and undergarments could see a 5 to 10 per cent hike, branded shoes would cost you Rs 100 to 300 more a pair. Manish Nigam, who runs a family store on Shahnajaf Road says most of the prominent brands of clothing sector have increased their prices by 5 to 10 per cent to meet the increase in the transportation cost. \"The new stock would arrive in October at revised rates,\" he adds.Even necessary items like medicines are hit by price rise. Owner of a medical shop on Rana Pratap Marg Manoj Srivastava says, \"Prices of medicines have gone up by around 10 per cent. Owner of a cosmetic shop in Vikasnagar, Manoj Verma says, \"Colour cosmetics like nail polishes and nail paint-removers became 10 per cent more expensive last week.\"Owner of a kitchen appliances shop in Indiranagar said he was expecting the new stock to be expensive by 5 to 10 per cent. All major brands of kitchen appliances and utensils would hike their prices by 10 per cent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16618990", "title": "Shreyansh ousts top seed Sourabh", "text": "SRINAGAR: Sunday turned out to be a day of nightmare for the seeds. As many as eight seeds in both men's and women's singles were crashed out including the top seed Sourabh Varma giving a cracking start to the open events of the 77th Senior National Badminton Championships.The security personnel heaved a big sigh of relief when J and K Chief Minister Omar Abdullah, who was supposed to formally inaugurate the first-ever senior nationals at the Sher-E-Kashmir Indoor Stadium, cancelled his visit at the last moment but the seeded players would have hoped to get that extra security as they struggled throughout the day.Shreynash Jaiswal warmed the hearts of the spectators on a cool day by stunning Sourabh in the men's singles second round encounter. The 17-year-old rallied back strongly to upset last year's winner with a sensational display of power play.The six feet tall Chhattisgarh lad lost the first game narrowly but bounced back in a spectacular fashion to record the biggest win of his career. Shreyansh, who trains under SM Arif at Hyderabad, won the one-hour battle 18-21, 21-17, 21-15 to throw the competition wide open.\"It is unbelievable win for me. Before entering the court I gave myself no chance but once I realized that I can compete with him midway into the first game, I decided to give my best. By winning the second game I put him under pressure and luckily for me he made few errors in the decider which helped me to win,\" a jubilant Shreyansh told TOI even as his mother and friends congratulated him.Besides Sourabh, the other seeds to get knocked out were No. 4 seed Vinay Kumar Reddy, No. 5 seed Akshit Mahajan, No. 10 seed Sumeeth Reddy and No. 13 seed Srujan Nandaluri.The toppling of the seeds was witnessed in the women's singles too. No. 4 seed N Siki Reddy, No. 8 seed Mudra Dhainje and No. 15 seed Shradha Srivastava were shown the exit door in the second round.Top seed Neha Pandit, No. 2 seed Sayali Gokhale, PV Sindhu, Arundhati Pantawane and qualifier Rasika Raje sailed into the third round with ease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16618485", "title": "Biodiversity Special chugs into Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: The northeast of India is believed to be the centre of origin of citrus. Out of the 157 species of amphibians 135 are endemic to the western ghats and are not found anywhere in the world. These and many more interesting facts are part of the Science Express, this time, Biodiversity Special which has chugged into Nagpur station for the second time. Drawing cheers and curiosity alike, the train, now in its fifth phase of run, has attracted over 75 lakh visitors.A joint initiative by the Department of Science and Technology and the Ministry of Environment and Forests, along with the association of Vikram A Sarabhai Community Science Centre, this Science Express - Biodiversity Special (SEBS) also coincides with the 11th Conference of Parties (COP 11) to the Convention on Biological Diversity to be held in Hyderabad in October.\"It is at the most opportune time that SEBS is going to the various cities of the country. Today, when environmental problems have become the focus of international attention and there is a dire need for awareness about these issues, this train is a very good way to educate youngsters,\" said Rajani Deshkar, a science teacher.Students seemed to be enjoying the many interactive displays set up in the special 16 coached AC train. What motivated the children more was the presence of knowledgeable project staff who volunteered information about various topics to them.In their discussions, students from different schools helped each other grasp the various concepts explained in the exhibition. \"I was talking to a student who seemed to have difficulty understanding the concept of adaptation. And before I began to explain, another child who was with his parents started explaining it to him. It is great to see such interest in these subjects by young kids,\" said Anirban Roy, project staff.SEBS has many sections dedicated to the vast biodiversity of India, including Trans-Himalayas and the Himalayas , Gangetic plains, northeast India, western ghats, Indian deserts, climate change and so on. It also has a separate coach sponsored by Indus Towers in which students can perform live experiments.The main thought behind SEBS is that students learn more through experience than mere reading. \"It is very interesting. The interactive displays in which we press a button and we get to know the details of a particular topic is really great. We are getting to learn a lot,\" said Darshan Narnawre, a std IX student.SEBS will be open to public on October 1 and 2 from 10am to 5pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16622883", "title": "Abhay Deol gets angry, yells at his \u2018boy\u2019", "text": "Sunny Deol isn't the only 'angry young man' of the family. If eyewitnesses present at a recent promotional event of Chakravyuh are to be believed, Abhay too has a rather short fuse.On Sunday afternoon, while doing the usual round of promotional interviews for his upcoming Prakash Jha film, Abhay, who is otherwise as cool as a cucumber, lost his temper. Apparently, the actor had instructed his publicists well in advance that he would leave earlier than the other stars since he had to fly out of Mumbai. However, things got delayed and Abhay was late by a good thirty minutes.Needless to say, the actor had reason enough to be angry. An onlooker told, \"On top of that, despite strict orders given through his publicists, awkward questions were asked by a journalist. He lost his temper over one particular question about his co-star Arjun Rampal being promoted more than him. Though he fielded the question rather gracefully, later his publicists had to bear the brunt.\"It did not end at that. When the gathering broke for lunch, Abhay's temper worsened. \"Abhay went back to his vanity van only to find his sling bag and man Friday missing. Somebody told him that his boy was in the studio canteen having a quick bite. Abhay rushed out of his vanity and headed towards the canteen,\" said the eyewitness.Inside the canteen, Abhay got hold of his boy and snatched his sling bag from him while hurling not so endearing terms at him. \"The boy was embarrassed and shocked seeing this side of his boss,\" said another eyewitness.Eventually, Abhay managed to leave around4.30pm. Whether his anger stemmed from the questions asked or something else bothering him, only Abhay could answer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16619167", "title": "Delhi Half Marathon: Kipyego, Wude reign in the heat", "text": "NEW DELHI: Blame it on the Delhi's heat that neither the men nor women came close to the course record in the Airtel Delhi Half Marathon on Sunday.Kenya's Edwin Kipyego and Ethiopia's Yimer Wude ran out winners in the men's and women's sections respectively as the defending champions took a back seat.Kipyego, who decided to run in a close knit bunch, crossed the line in 60.55 minutes and bagged the winner's purse of $25,000. He was followed by countrymen Leonard Langat (61.07 minutes) and Silas Kipruto (61.57 seconds) in second and third places. Defending champion Lelisa Desisa of Ethiopia finished a disappointing seventh with 62.50 minutes.The race was off to a quick start as a bunch of about 20 men, including the top three finishers and Desisa pulled away from the rest. At the 7km mark, Langat began to add speed to the otherwise slow race as Kipyego and Kipruto tried to maintain pace. Three kilometres later, the Kenyan trio left all others behind to start a contest among themselves.\"The race was good but it got humid and I tried to control the pace. Despite a good lead, I did not expect to win as it was a long way to go. It was only at 18th kilometres that I felt I could win this,\" Kipyego, who clocked his personal best on Sunday. Kipyego's next destination is a 10,000m run in France in October.Desisa and Ezekiel Chebi, who clocked 59 minutes and 05 seconds at the Lille half marathon early this month, failed to live up to the expectations. The duo seemed in with a chance till the 14km mark but faded away as the race entered home stretch. It was an Achilles tendon pain that hampered Desisa's running. Chebi, on the other hand, surrendered to the heat.Langat's strategy was to keep pace with the leaders and to wait for others to make the first move. \"I tried to stay at the back initially but at the 15km mark, I tried to push it but the weather was humid. Between 12km and 15km, I crossed Kipruto and saw Kipyego was moving ahead strongly. I would have clocked 59.30 minutes if the weather was little better,\" Langat said.Unlike the men, the elite women's race was an exciting affair with a dash for the finish line. Wude (71.10 minutes) was followed by compatriot Wagnesh Amare, who finished a close second with 71.12 minutes. Kenya's Helah Kiprop finishing third with 71.18 minutes.\"In 2010 I had finished second, this time it's gold. I am very happy, it was a good race. I will return home and train for a marathon next year,\" Wude said after her win.The women, too, chose to run in the bunch and it was only after the 18km mark that the winning trio increased the lead. In was the last 400 metres, the three ladies went for a sprint finish but Helah failed to match the Ethiopians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16619326", "title": "Only GTDC allowed to sublet shack", "text": "PANAJI: Private parties allotted a shack will not be allowed to sublet the shack, but Goa Tourism Development Corporation has been given the liberty to sublet lease its shack to a third party.The clause in the beach shack policy 2012-13 giving GTDC permission to sublet its shack has come in for some criticism from shack owners. Shack Owners Welfare Society (SOWS) has decided to raise this issue with chief minister Manohar Parrikar .\"The move smacks of double standards. We have noted this issue and raised it in our memorandum. The chief minister has called us to meet him on Wednesday, and we will raise this on that day,\" SOWS president Cruz Cardozo said.The policy states that shacks allotted shall not be sublet under any circumstances. It further states that in Saunta Vado, Baga beach, one spot will be allotted to GTDC to set up a model shack so as to gather inputs on solid waste management, uniform shack design, etc so as to incorporate these in subsequent beach shack policies.\"GTDC shall be at liberty to indentify a suitable party to manage and operate the shack by following codal procedures,\" the policy states.This season government will allot 329 shacks in Goa, of which 223 will be in North Goa and 106 in South Goa. The policy said if subletting of private shacks is confirmed with documentary evidence the shack shall be demolished and allotted to an applicant on the waitlist. The original allotee will also forfeit the security deposit.\"The shack allotted is subject to surprise inspections by officials of department of tourism and in case it is found that the allottee is absent during three consecutive inspections, it shall be presumed that the shack has been sublet and the shack license will be cancelled and the shack allottee shall be debarred from allotment of shack for next three years,\" the policy states.Parrikar had earlier said, \"If any person is found subletting a shack then we will not give him a shack for a lifetime.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16620516", "title": "Banks continue to falter on security infrastructure", "text": "TRICHY: Close on the heels of two unsuccessful attempts to rob ATMs (Automatic Teller Machine) of a private bank and a nationalised bank last week in Trichy, both the city and the rural police have once again started insisting that bankers rectify flaws in their security cover to banks and ATMs. Many banks, which insure their properties do not pay much heed to security, with the confidence that they can claim lost money from insurance companies.The lethargy with which banks view security issues came to light in the wake of an attempt to rob an ATM of the South Indian Bank on Madurai Road in Trichy on September 24 and an attempt to break open an Indian Overseas Bank office in Nachiarkurichi in the rural part of Trichy on September 25. Fortunately, the burglars failed in their attempts in both incidents. After that, the police also gathered information about the security flaws at banks and ATMs. In their investigation, police found that many banks were not concerned about security and there were a lot of banks and ATMs without closed circuit television (CCTV) cameras and armed security guards.Police said a meeting had been convened with bank managers in the city nearly six months ago and important instructions about security had been given to them. Surprisingly, except for a few banks, many did not follow the instructions.Both the city and the rural police have again started telling bankers to have enough security to protect valuables. The instructions are being passed on to the bankers. K P S Jeyachandran, assistant commissioner of police, Srirangam, told TOI, \"It is unfortunate that bankers do not show interest in deploying enough CCTV cameras and armed guards. The bankers have the confidence that they will be compensated by insurance companies in case of any untoward incident. This is a wrong approach as it is the people's money and valuables with which they are playing.\"He said security agencies deputed old men as ATM guards for a poor salary. Most of the time, at night, they sleep sound and hence are not alert in case of a break-in. Banks should insist that security agencies employ youngsters to guard ATMs.S Selvakumar, deputy commissioner of police (crime and traffic), told TOI, \"Many banks do not have burglar alarms and though they have CCTVs, they are not functional. They must install CCTVs in ATMs in addition to an inbuilt camera in the machine, because when burglars attempt to break open the machine, the camera gets damaged. This results in the police being unable to trace them. Some bankers said they could not easily get approval from their headquarters for installation of safety equipment, but it should be made compulsory so that such untoward incidents are prevented.\"Besides the city police, the rural police led by SP Lalitha Lakshmi also have security instructions for banks. The SP told TOI, \"We have called for a meeting with divisional-level managers of banks next week to discuss the matter. We decided to call divisional managers as branch managers face difficulties in getting approval from higher officials, for security aspects. I have told our officers to gather information about flaws on the bankers' side. Besides installing CCTV cameras inside banks, they should install such cameras outside to monitor suspicious movements.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16621121", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation to distribute cycles, sewing machines", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation has decided to distribute over 1,800 bicycles and 700 sewing machines, which are lying at its godowns, to other beneficiaries as their original claimants have not come forward to collect them.The PCMC every year distributes cycles to students studying in civic schools and sewing machines to women for self-employment as part of its welfare schemes. The cycles and sewing machines have been lying with the civic body for several months now as the original applicants have failed to take them, despite repeated reminders by the civic body. A total of 1,862 cycles and 733 machines are yet to be distributed.Assistant commissioner Satish Kulkarni said, \"We are planning to give the cycles and sewing machines to people whose applications were rejected in 2009-10 for not submitting the requisite documents. We will now tell them to submit those necessary documents.\"The cycles and sewing machines were purchased last year and were to be distributed as part of the scheme for the year 2009-10. An official of the women and child welfare department said, \"A total of 4,243 cycles were purchased at a cost of Rs 40 lakh. Out of these, 877 cycles were not claimed. In 2010-11, a total of 4,000 cycles were purchased. Out of these, 985 cycles were not distributed. Similarly, a total of 9,040 sewing machines were purchased at a cost of Rs 2.86 crore for 2009-10.\"The PCMC sent repeated reminders by post to the original beneficiaries. It made an appeal to take the cycles and machines by May 30; the deadline was later extended till September 15. But many of the beneficiaries have not come forward to collect the same, officials said.The civic body has now decided not to invite applications for 2012-13, as the corporation has received over 14,000 applications for 2010-11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "16620538", "title": "E-addiction in children linked to mental illness", "text": "MELBOURNE: Children addicted to using electronic devices may suffer from \"internet-use disorder\", a newly discovered and serious mental illness, according to a new study. Psychologists argue video game and internet addictions share the characteristics of other addicts, including emotional shutdown, lack of concentration and withdrawal symptoms if the gadgets are removed.The formal inclusion of this new addiction in a worldwide psychiatric manual has been welcomed by Australian psychology professionals in response to a wave of \"always-on\" technology engulfing kids, the 'Sydney Morning Herald' reported.\"With kids, gaming is an obvious issue. But overall, technology use could be a potential problem,\" said Mike Kyrios, professor of Psychology. Other fallout can include devastating impacts for children and families as social interaction and even food are neglected in favour of the virtual worlds the children inhabit.Australian experts contributed to the Australian Psychological Society's submission to the international manual, supporting the inclusion of an addiction focused on internet gaming. The inclusion acknowledges risks posed by over-use of seemingly benign technologies, classifying internet-use disorder alongside other mental disorders that need further research before becoming a recognized mental illness that can be formally diagnosed.Kyrios said once more research is invested in the disorder, it would allow health professionals to diagnose children with addictive behaviours from technology overuse and treat them appropriately, including strategies to change their obsessive over-reliance on being connected.He said children with underlying obsessive compulsive disorders could be at risk from technology overuse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16620574", "title": "Survey finds 82 Vadakara Dwarfs", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A survey conducted in Valayam grama panchayat by Dr P Girish Kumar, academic consultant with the College of Veterinary and Animal Sciences, Pookode, has identified 82 Vadakara Dwarfs, a breed which is on the verge of extinction due to artificial insemination.The survey was carried out for the Vadakara-based Mahatma Desaseva Trust, a non-government organization which launched the Vasudha project for the conservation of the native breed.The survey team also found that all the 82 Dwarfs were reared domestically in the Valayam grama panchayat. There are 79 cows and three bulls in the group. The second phase of the survey will cover Velam grama panchayat and other parts of the district.Kumar said the major highlight of the breed is the presence of a forward-leaning hump on its back. \"The hump helps the cattle resist heat from the sun. The breed, which normally grows to a height of 105cm to 110cm, can give a yield of 3.5 litres to 4 litres of milk a day. The cattle are found in three colours -- black, brown and white,\" he said.Though he has submitted a project proposal for the conservation of the native breed to the genetic department of the college and the Kerala animal husbandry department, he has not received any positive response.Managing trustee of the Mahatma Desaseva Trust, T Srinivasan, said the trust is planning to launch a project to conserve the Vadakara Dwarf. \"The trust will felicitate Krishnan and Devi the owners of a 33-year-old Dwarf which gave birth to 17 calves recently. The function that will be held at Kallachi Community Hall on Tuesday is being organized to encourage people to rear the rare breed instead of selling them to slaughterers,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16619486", "title": "State requests \u2018bullet train\u2019 from Mumbai to Nagpur", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has asked the railways to consider providing connectivity to the proposed Navi Mumbai international airport through the Mumbai-Ahmedabad high-speed rail corridor. It has also suggested that a similar high-speed project be contemplated between Mumbai and Nagpur.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan made the two recommendations to railway board chairman Vinay Mittal on Saturday. The railways have been asked to make presentations on both the Mumbai-Ahmedabad project and the suggested Mumbai-Nagpur corridor, a source said.A pre-feasibility report on the 497-km Mumbai-Ahmedabad high-speed rail corridor\u2014which is estimated to cost Rs 60,000 crore\u2014is already complete. Touted as the most technologically advanced rail project in the country, the corridor will reduce the travel time between the two state capitals from seven hours (as currently taken by Duronto Express) to two and a half hours.Officials pointed out that the major portion of the corridor, as planned so far, will pass through Gujarat. The state government wants the corridor to provide connectivity to the proposed international airport in Navi Mumbai as well as perhaps Wadala to ensure that Maharashtra too gets maximum benefit from the project. Meanwhile, a high-speed rail corridor between Mumbai and Nagpur was suggested during the Saturday meeting to boost Nagpur's growth, officials said.Eager to fast-track the Mumbai-Ahmedabad corridor, the Centre recently set up the High Speed Rail Corporation of India (HSRC). A subsidiary of Rail Vikas Nigam Ltd, HSRC will conduct project-related studies, draw up technical standards, and additionally help the government finalize financial and implementation models.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16619210", "title": "New Vasant Kunj flats await water supply", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Development Authority's D-6 Vasant Kunj flats might be ready for possession, in some cases already occupied, but there is no provision for surface water in these units. While DDA claims that they have laid the infrastructure and are waiting for Delhi Jal Board to start supply, DJB officials say there is no additional water to give to these flats.The 2,709 flats in two blocks were constructed to be used during the 2010 Commonwealth Games. Even then DJB had said that there was no additional water in its network to supply to these flats and if needed, they would make temporary arrangements only for the duration of the Games.\"These blocks were not part of the original Vasant Kunj development plan. In fact, we have been telling DDA to give us a consolidated water requirement for its projects as it becomes very difficult to supply water for random development projects. Vasant Kunj is already getting water only once a day and unless we curtail their supply even further, there is no way we can supply to these flats,\" said a DJB official.DJB had told DDA that for these flats, infrastructure would have to be developed for drinking water and for non-potable purposes, it would have to set up rainwater harvesting structures and a waste water recycling plant. The latter of course would make sense only if there was water to recycle in the first place.DDA spokesperson Neemo Dhar said: \"Our infrastructure is in place and we are waiting for DJB to start supply. Meanwhile, for the 250 families that have taken possession of flats in the Kaveri block, we are providing water through tubewells.\"However, DJB says that unless DDA can stabilize its system and ensure there is water, it should not allow possession of any more flats. \"The infrastructure is lying useless because there is no water. Delhi is dependent on its neighbours for its drinking water supply. In the case of Dwarka, which too was developed with out taking our objections into account, there is no water. We have built a water treatment plant but that will be operated only when we get additional water from the Munak canal. It has been 10 years but the situation is the same,\" said sources.Sources said that DDA had projected a demand of 1.5 million gallons per day of water for these flats. \"The problem is that even groundwater cannot be depended on as Vasant Kunj has barely any groundwater left. This is not a sustainable solution. The only way that supply can be started to this area is by increasing the total quantum of water in the Vasant Kunj reservoir but that is not happening anytime in the near future,\" said DJB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16621221", "title": "'1 crore robbery case will be cracked soon'", "text": "NASHIK: Four days after the robbery of over rupees one crore in Uttam Nagar, police officials on Sunday claimed that probes into the said case were in the final stages and it was just a matter of few more days that the criminals were put behind bars.On Sunday, there were rumours that the vehicles used in the crime have been recovered by the investigating teams. However, senior cops refused to comment on the same.Two builders were robbed in the Uttam Nagar area on Thursday at 10am. Four robbers barged into the builders' office at Yash Arcade in Uttam Nagar and robbed them of Rs 1.03 crore by threatening them with a revolver and sharp weapons.While escaping with the cash in two bags, the robbers also fired a round from their revolver to threaten the builders and their staff.According to reports, over the past four days the police have interrogated nearly 20 suspects. However, they have chosen to keep mum over the progress of the investigation.Reports said that four teams have been formed to investigate the case, under the guidance of senior police officials. One team has also been sent out of the district on Friday evening. A team of the Ambad police was said to have recovered a car and two motorbikes and nabbed some suspects.Though the crime was committed by four burglars, who came on two motorbikes, the information about the money and the builders was passed on to them by some others. Thus, until Sunday evening, it was still not clear who the suspects were.When senior official were contacted in this regard, they refused to get into the details of the investigation but assured that the case would be solved soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16623080", "title": "Censor Board cuts Prakash Jha\u2019s dig at the Prime Minister", "text": "Trust Prakash Jha's cinema to constantly raise provocative political issues and instigate the censor board into ordering substantial cuts. We've come to know from very reliable sources that Prakash's Chakravyuh has been ordered six cuts, most of them verbal.The film has been passed with a 'UA' certificate,which means underage viewers can watch the film accompanied by an adult.Informs our source from the Censor Board of Film Certification (CBFC), \"There were direct references to politicians, political scandals and a specially pointed reference to 'Sardari' (meaning leadership as well as a reference to the Sikh community whose individuals are known as Sardars) which we thought was a direct hit at the Prime Minister. Those had to go.\"One sentence that has been removed from the film refers to the Mahatama. Says our source, \"A character says, 'Majboori ka naam Mahatma Gandhi' . Now this may be a commonly used phrase of despair in everyday life. But we can't have Mahatma Gandhi equated with majboori (helplessness) on a medium as powerful as cinema. So we asked the phrase to be removed.\"Elsewhere a character is accused of getting his job through 'quota' (reservation) and hence inept at his work. That has been cut. Also cut by the censors is a reference to the allegedly underhand activities of a fictional 'Mahanta' group of industries based in London.Says our source at the CBFC, \"From the pointers and references including the London location it was clear that the 'Mahanta' group referred to the Vedanta group of industries. We had to ask for that to be cut. That apart we asked a couple of abuses to be deleted. Then there was a scene of visual violence where a man's ear is chopped off and displayed on screen. We've asked the ear to be blurred on screen.\"But it's the 'Mehngaai' song in Chakravyuh that has raised the censorboard's hackle the most. While the disclaimer for the number has gotten it past the censorboard, it was the deletion of one line making a barbed and unmistakable reference to a 'Sardar' that actually got the song past censors.Says our censorial source, \"The song sneered, 'Bahut dekhi teri sardari.' That, we felt was a direct hint at the Prime Minister. It had to go. Our guidelines clearly state dialogue or scene cannot caste aspersions on individuals, least of all the person holding the highest political post.\"Referring to Prakash Jha's defence about using the 'Tata, Birla' names as metaphors in the song the source from the CBFC says, \"Metaphors are a wonderful tool for expression . But they can't be used on a public platform in a negative way. Years ago Manoj Kumar's Roti Kapada Aur Makaan had a beautiful 'Mehngaai' song. It didn't have to name any politician or cast aspersions on any individual to prove how inflation has hit the common man.\"J.P. Singh, the CBFC's Regional Officer Mumbai, confirmed the above cuts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16619135", "title": "Vegetables grown near thermal plant toxic: Study", "text": "NEW DELHI: Worried about pesticide residues in vegetables? Your diet may consist of many more toxic contaminants that you overlook. A new study by School of Environmental Sciences, Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU), has found vegetables grown near thermal power plants to be highly contaminated with heavy metals and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs)\u2014 a group of potent atmospheric pollutants. The study links dietary intake of contaminated vegetables with the rising cases of cancer in the national capital.Samples of six different vegetables (radish, spinach, cowpea, bottle gourd, bitter gourd and ridge gourd) were collected from near Rajghat, Badarpur and Indraprastha thermal power plants. Samples were also collected from a background site, Jagatpur which is far away from the power plant sites and the Yamuna water is considered to be the cleanest here.The samples were analysed for 16 PAHs and six heavy metals. Power plant samples showed 184 to 475% greater metal pollution index values as compared to those from background location. While health risk indices for heavy metals like cadmium (Cd) and nickel (Ni) exceeded the safe limit for most vegetables, the concentration of chromium (Cr) and zinc (Zn) was found to be much higher in vegetables from near thermal plant sites.Authors of the study, which was recently published in the Elsevier journal of Food and Chemical Toxicology link dietary exposure to such pollutants with a high incremental lifetime cancer risk (ILCR). It means, exposure to these contaminants could lead to a risk of 58 excess cancer cases in Delhi during a lifetime.\"The concentration of PAHs and heavy metals is excessively high in the sample vegetables. It could be due to various reasons. One of them may be the impact of coal-combustion emissions. We compared the levels with various safety standards including the Food and Agricultural Organization standard but the levels were much higher in the vegetables tested,\" said lead author and professor, P S Khillare.Interestingly, scientific studies conducted in other countries have also concluded that growing vegetables near thermal power plants is not advisable. But in India, this is one of the first studies of its kind.\"In developed countries, power plants are located far away from the city and usually there is no agricultural land around them. The same applies for industrial clusters. But in Delhi, planners did not foresee how thermal plants can pose a pollution problem for people. When these plants came up, they were in the outskirts but the city expanded so much that the plants are now within the city. The Indraprastha plant has, however, closed down now,\" Khillare added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16620484", "title": "Novel way to mend broken ribcage fast, without pain", "text": "LONDON: Researchers have developed a new 'pioneering' surgical technique to repair broken ribs, that dramatically reduces pain and the recovery time. A two-hour surgical procedure called the 'Synthes Rib Matrix', available for 12,000, involves making a small incision and inserting a titanium metal plate shaped to fit the anatomical contours of the rib.Instead of leaving the ribs to heal by themselves, tailor-made metal plates are pinned to the broken bones to speed up the healing process and alleviate pain, the 'Daily Mail' reported. Tom Routledge, consultant thoracic surgeon at a London hospital, offers the technique. \"Ribs are like dry twigs and they can break very easily - in some cases just by coughing. This also makes them very difficult to repair,\" Routledge said. \"We now have the technology to stabilize the fracture, pulling the ribs back into place, which relieves pain straight away,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16619848", "title": "Pre-arrest bail for accused", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Taking advantage of leniency of Chandigarh police, accused Lakhbir Singh, who was wanted for thrashing and making an attempt to kidnap college student Komal Kohli, has obtained anticipatory bail from the district courts, Sector 17. He obtained a bail on September 29 before joining the investigation as instructed on October 5 at Sector 36 police station. Lakhbir and his two associates \u2014 Khushwinder and Karandeep Singh \u2014 have been absconding after the fresh charges of attempt to kidnap were added in the FIR against them on September 23. Lakhbir is the son of the owner of a prominent shop in the city.Victim Komal's family alleged the police lacked sincere effort while tracing the three accused, and it is because of this that the accused could obtain anticipatory bail. Her father Harish Kohli told TOI, \"I had requested the cops to act when bail bounds were filed for the accused, but no action was taken.\" Earlier, police had registered a case against the trio under \"soft\" charges and released them on bail within four hours of arrest on September 19, said Harish.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16621692", "title": "Man sets wife ablaze, kills self", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 60-year-old man murdered his wife and hanged himself at his residence near Ichipatti in Karumathampatti on the outskirts of the city on Friday night.Police said M Masiannan and his wife M Kamalathal, 50, were residing at their house near Ichipatti. The couple owned a power-loom unit located near the house. Recently, their son M Kanthasamy, 32, passed away after a heart attack.Masiannan wanted his wife Kamalathal to transfer the documents for their house in his name. But she refused to do so and the couple often fought.On Friday evening, a quarrel arose during which Masiannan locked the house from inside and attacked his wife with a deadly weapon. She sustained injuries on her neck, head and became unconscious. Assuming that his wife was dead he covered her with some cloth and set her on fire. He then committed suicide by hanging.Kamalathal was still alive and was rushed to CMCH on Friday night by neighbours where she died on Saturday morning, failing to respond to treatment.Karumthampatti police registered a case under section 302 (murder) of IPC and 174 of CrPC. A detailed investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16618455", "title": "'Thirst for knowledge doesn't let them age'", "text": "NAGPUR: A famous philosopher said that if you have fulfilled a dream, go to sleep so that you can see another one and work towards its fulfilment. Some of the silver-haired, young-at-heart among us seem to be following this dictum, and taking up studies after having discharged all responsibilities towards their families and society.While many elderly are fulfilling their unaccomplished desires, for others it may just be an extension of the 'education' they have already acquired. For yet others, it may just be a way to equip themselves to pursue a hobby in a better way.After turning 50, Narendra Gondane (58) has taken up what he could not do as a youngster. Though he got admission in VRCE, he had to opt out of the engineering course and take up BSc since his family could not afford to send him to the reputed college. After living a fulfilling life and rising up the social ranks, from pulling rickshaws to becoming a social worker, he realized that lack of educational qualifications was marring his standing.\"At 50, I started a BA course. Most of the last 10 years, I have been studying and have earned many degrees, including MA, LLB, LLM and one in journalism. Currently, I am working towards a doctorate,\" he says.The story of Dr Anand Kakde is similar. \"When I completed my MBBS, I wished to take up post graduate studies. However, the family's economic condition was such that I had to take up a job. After that there were other responsibilities like children, their education and marriages. So, I never had the time to fulfil that desire,\" he tells.After retirement, even though he took up a job as a night duty officer, he wanted to fill his days too. \"At this time, I came to know about a post graduate course run by Yashwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University (YCMOU) at Orange City Hospital and Research Institute in hospital management,\" said the 70-year-old. He is now looking to further his career with this new training.For Vasantha Shyamalan, it was her love for languages, coupled with her desire to bring the literature from Northern India to the southern part of the country. At 70, she completed MA in Sanskrit, after having completed an additional BA in Sanskrit at the age of 68. \"Since I translate a lot of literary works in North Indian languages like Punjabi to Tamil, I thought knowledge of the mother language, Sanskrit, would help me,\" she said.P Sivaswaroop, regional director of Indira Gandhi National Open University (IGNOU), says his oldest student has been an 82-year-old, who was doing a very labour intensive course - BA in nursing. \"It's not the physical age, but the mental age that counts when one wants to learn something. It seems that the thirst for knowledge does not let some people age,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16623260", "title": "Madhu Koda's bail petition in money laundering case rejected", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand high court today rejected a bail petition moved by former chief minister Madhu Koda in a money laundering case against him pertaining to Rs 1,340 crore.Justice H C Mishra, who had on Friday reserved the order, dismissed the petition after the counsel of the ED objected the petition on the ground that there was direct involvement of Koda in the case.Koda contested that only Rs 20 crore was detected by the probing agency and how could the case sustain to the tune of Rs 1,340 crore and that he was not related, directly or indirectly, in the case.On September 25, charges had been framed in the court under Section 4 of the Prevention and Money Laundering Act, 2002 pertaining to a total of Rs 3,549.72 crore.Out of the total amount, the ED had accused Koda of making illegal investments worth Rs 1,340 crore and the rest by the other five accused.Koda is in judicial custody from November 30, 2009 following the October 31, 2009 countrywide raids by ED and IT on 69 premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16619048", "title": "Producer to give wife Rs 33,000 alimony", "text": "NEW DELHI: A TV serial producer on Delhi and Srinagar Doordarshan panels has been ordered by a court to pay a monthly interim alimony of Rs 33,000 to his former wife.Additional sessions judge T R Naval asked TV serial producer-cum-director Khurshid Alam to pay the interim maintenance, saying he owns a number of properties and their value indicates he has sufficient income.Alam, 52, had challenged the order saying he is suffering from various ailments, including liver cancer, and is spending considerable sum on his treatment and is unable to work since 2003. He had also said he had given divorce to his wife by pronouncing \"talaq\" thrice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16620619", "title": "An evening of Dwijendralal Ray", "text": "After paying homage to Rabindranath Tagore on the sesquicentennial of the poet laureate's birth, it is now time to celebrate the 150th year of the birth of Dwijendralal Ray, another nationalist poet, playwright and composer. As part of the celebrations, which will culminate on July 19, 2013, a 'Dwijendra Sandhya' will be presented at GD Birla Sabhagar on Thursday by Krishnanagar Parampara, a cultural organisation from Ray's birthplace in Nadia. The evening, , will be dedicated to the composer of patriotic songs like 'Dhana Dhanye Pushpe Bhora' and 'Banga Amar Janani Amar'.After an inaugural address by cultural doyen Sudhir Chakraborty, Tollywood legend Soumitra Chattopadhyay will enthrall the audience with his recital of Ray's poems. There will also be a repertoire of Dwijendrageeti by Sujata Majumdar, Aparna Majumdar and other vocalists of repute while danseuse Mohua Mukhopadhyay will perform to tunes of compositions by Ray.Yeh Shaam MastaniThe immortal magic of R D Burman and Kishore Kumar will come alive before the audience in Kolkata once again on Monday when Euphony, comprising members of Pancham's inimitable team of musicians, hosts a show titled Yeh Shaam Mastani featuring hit numbers from films starring Bollywood's first superstar Rajesh Khanna. While the trio is no more, musicians from R D Burman's team including Ramesh Iyer on guitar, Kishore Sodha on trumpet, Raj Sodha on saxophone and Suraj Sathe on accordion hopes to bring their magic alive through the musical extravaganza.Like father, like daughterHow many 16-year-olds drop out of cricket clubs, painting and karate classes and other co-curricular activities to focus on grades? How many of them do so under parental pressure? Countless, perhaps. In contrast, Anandi Bhattacharya, the teenage daughter of classical exponent Pt Debashish Bhattacharya, is off to mesmerise the US with her vocals. And there is no sacrifice involved; she scored 84% in ISCE this year. \"Since I was born in a musically rich family, I've never felt the typical pressure. My parents never nagged me for high grades in school, nor did they complain when I practised or painted for hours. They inspired and emboldened me to dedicate myself in what I love doing.I am immensely privileged to be learning Indian raga music from one of the greatest exponents of Indian classical music, Vidushi Shubhra Guha,\" says Anandi.\"When my father told me I would be touring the US and Canada for 21 concerts, I was awestruck. I will be singing ragas and raginis, and thumri and dadras. I'll also collaborate with American guitarist Jeff Peterson,\" she adds. \"Art is a gift of God. Parents should not put pressure on children to perform beyond their limit. In fact they should encourage them to learn different languages and nurture their talent,\" says Pt Bhattacharya. Are parents listening?Demystifying the rasasTo understand the passion and aura of Lord Krishna romancing Radha under the shade of tamal trees on the banks of river Yamuna, one has to journey back to an ancient time. Art historian B N Goswamy did just that last week when he explored Navaras in Pahari paintings, leaving the audience mesmerized. The discussion 'Passion to Serenity: Rasa in Indian Art' organised by the Ladies Study Group (LSG) on Wednesday was all about demystifying the nine rasas - Sringaram, Hasyam, Raudram, Karunyam, Bibhatsam, Bhayanakam, Viram, Adbhutam and Santam. Goswamy explained the importance of each rasa in any art form. \"Rasa evokes emotions in any human being. In paintings, the artist builds up human emotion, churns your heart and transforms you,\" said Goswamy, who has been associated with restoration of Pahari paintings. The women, too, were enchanted with the unrivalled beauty of paintings and the story behind them. \"We wanted to understand our culture and the show was definitely a surreal experience,\" said LSG president Shubha Kanoria.Tollywood in pyramid landFollowing this year's big bash at Pattaya in Thailand, the IBFA (International Bangla Film Academy) awards ceremony goes to the land of pyramids next time. Jet Setters, the organizer of the five-day Egyptian extravaganza, has formed a selection committee to shortlist the nominations from more than 100 Bengali films released in 2012. Tarakeshwar Singh, director, Jet Setters, said, \"Films from Bangladesh will also be included for the nomination in separate categories this year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16620640", "title": "Upgrade tech to intercept GenNext websites: IB to telecom companies", "text": "NEW DELHI: With government gearing up to set up a dedicated cyber surveillance agency to monitor websites and social media networks, the Intelligence Bureau (IB) has requested the department of telecommunications (DoT) to instruct all telecom service providers (TSPs) to upgrade their software to intercept websites using web 2.0 technology like Facebook, Twitter and YouTube.The move is part of an effort to build and update both legal and technical safeguards to prevent misuse of internet.The IB's note, written by one of its joint directors, said, \"Telecom service providers (TSPs), presently, do not have adequate lawful interception facilities for full reconstruction of web intercepts for various sites using web 2.0 technology like Facebook, Twitter, YouTube , Picasa etc. and quality of reconstruction of captured data is not good.\"The note, which was also forwarded to the home ministry, said: \"DoT is requested to instruct all the TSPs to upgrade their lawful interception infrastructuresoftware in the monitoring systems to handle web 2.0 traffic for better reconstruction at the earliest.\"Unlike normal (traditional) websites that are limited to passive viewing of contents, the cyber platforms using web 2.0 technology like social networking sites, blogs and video-sharing portals allow users to interact with each other.Though the security agencies have been making attempts to keep a tab on sites using web 2.0 technology for long, the recent incidents that saw circulation of morphed pictures and doctored videos after the lower Assam violence triggered the need to build capacity at the earliest.\"The idea is to monitor the web and social media networks for malicious content \u2014 having implications on law and order \u2014 and forewarn security agencies and state police for taking preventive steps,\" said an official.He said the purpose of having a dedicated cyber surveillance agency was defeated if TSPs failed to upgrade the required infrastructure. Such central agency could, however, be set up only after putting in place a legal regime to take care of the issue of individuals' privacy and citizens' freedom of speechexpression, he explained.Now, government does not monitor or regulate content of websites. However, the Centre had in April, 2011, notified Information Technology (intermediaries guidelines) Rules, 2011 under Section 79 of the IT Act, 2000. The rules provide for the intermediaries, which include social networking sites, to observe due diligence and guidelines including disabling malicious content after being brought to notice by affected persons or government agencies.The Section 69A of the IT Act empowers government to issue directions for blocking of any information on internet in the interest of sovereignty, integrity, defence and security of the country.It was under this law that DoT had asked Facebook, Twitter and Google to block around 310 hate web pages, carrying inflammatory messages and doctored videos, which were uploaded by rogue elements to create panic among people from the north-east in the wake of lower Assam violence.\"Had some agencies been monitoring flow of such malicious content on the web, it would have been easier to forewarn law enforcement agencies for taking preventive measures,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16620409", "title": "Jaipur honours its medical legend and great teacher", "text": "JAIPUR: The packed SMS Convention Centre on Sunday honoured a renowned doctor and teacher for his contribution to medical science. The occasion was the launch of the book, 'Medical Legend,' that traces the life of Padma Shri Dr S R Mehta from his humble and modest beginnings to a medical legend.Dr S R Mehta, a physician known for exceptional sense of clinical diagnosis stood among the crowd with a calm demeanor belying the immense contribution he made in the lives of his students and medical profession as a whole.The hall was abuzz with nostalgic chatter as doctors from different places gathered to be part of the moment in the life of their mentor.On the dais were governor Margaret Alva, Union minister Farooq Abdullah, Supreme court judge Justice G S Singhvi, power minister Jitendra Singh and Justice Ashok Kumar Mathur, chairperson, Armed Forces Tribunal.\"He is a man of five decades and continues to be a prodigy, a man with a remarkable sixth sense and a great clinician,\" said Dr Ashok Panagariya eminent neurologist. While Dr Mehta's clinical diagnosis is what was appreciated in unison, Dr Farooq Abdullah an alumni of SMS Medical College, said: \"I was brought up in Kashmir. But what made me humane were my medical studies in Jaipur. What Dr Mehta taught us we still remember and most importantly he taught to recognize yourself and recognize the God in each one of us.\"Governor Margaret Alva appreciated Mehta's efforts -- the only physician from Rajasthan to have been awarded life time achievement award 'Master Teacher 2009' by Indian College of Physicians and Association of Physicians of India besides Dr B C Roy National Award in the category of Eminent Medical Teacher.But one thing that intrigued everyone was how Dr Mehta could master two diametrically opposite sciences, medicine and astrology, with such precision. But commendable as that may be, Dr Mehta has also traced the history and genesis of his family going back to 2,600 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16620988", "title": "Badgujar appointed DCP of posh Zone I", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Ahead of the assembly elections, the state home department filled up the post of deputy commissioner of police (DCP), Zone I, Ahmedabad. In the order issued on Sunday, Niraj Badgujar, currently serving as DCP Zone IV, was transferred to the post. Zone I covers the affluent western parts of Ahmedabad. A M Muniya, SRP commandant of Group X in Valiya, will take charge of Zone IV in Ahmedabad.Sarah Rizvi, who was assistant superintendent of police posted at Gondal in Rajkot, has been made DCP, Rajkot City. She will replace R M Pande, who has been transferred to SRP Group X as commandant . Recently, the home department had shuffled IPS officers across the state. More transfers are on cards, said senior officials.The DCP Zone I post had been vacant since V Chandrasekhar went on deputation to CBI. N N Chaudhary , DCP Zone III, was in-charge for the past two months. Sharad Singhal, Zone II DCP, was recently transferred as SP, Gandhinagar . He was replaced by M L Ninama. In the same shuffle , Parikshita Rathod, DCP Zone V, was transferred to state intelligence bureau. Dinesh Parmar, commandant of SRP Group IV at Pavdi, was brought back to the city as DCP (traffic).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16624745", "title": "Not Kratika or Drashti,Gurmeet looks best with me: Debina", "text": "His win last night on Colors TV's Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa 5 has taken Gurmeet Choudhary to new heights. The actor is basking in the new found glory after winning the title, but he's no stranger to popularity. But behind this successful man, stands his super proud wife Debina Bon n erjee .A beaming Debina cannot hide her excitement. \"It feels extremely good. I've been thinking of this day for four months. It was like action replay when Gurmeet was declared winner of Jhalak.\"But contrary to rumours, it was not only Gurmeet's huge fan following and popularity but also his hard work that won him the trophy. \"Gurmeet's worked very hard for this. I told his choreographer you have got the most popular contestant. Now it's up to you what you do. There was constant pressure on Gurmeet to deliver. I didn't want people to say he was popular so he won. He deserved the award. Gurmeet has scored 10/10 many times and even rehearsed at nights. I give full credit to him for his sheer hard work but both Gurmeet and I also want to thank his fans for their continuous love and support\".She adds further, \"As a wife I want people to remember that Gurmeet has given some of the best performances on Jhalak this season which will also be remembered next season. JDJ has increased his fan base and all of them agree that he deserved to win. Since he is so humble he always thanks his fans. Whereve he faltered, fans would back him up and I was confident that they would support him. Whenever he was upset about not giving a good performance, I was confident and would tell him not to worry as his fans would always be there for him and some of them have stood by him for the past 4 years. A big thank you to all of them for supporting him throughout on Jhalak \".So how has life changed post Jhalak ? \"Well, it's been only a day! But the Jhalak stage has definitely been a huge platform. It depends how this will further fuel his career. Only time will tell.\"Winning 40 lacs as cash prize is no small feat and the husband and wife duo have decided to invest it wisely. \"This money will be utilized for Guru's (as she fondly calls him) future prospects\".On a parting note, when asked who looks better with Gurmeet - Drashti Dhami (his co-star from Geet Hu Sabse Paray i and Kratika Sengar from Punar Vivah ), Debina confidently says, \"Gurmeet looks best with me\".After repeated phone calls, Gurmeet remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16619868", "title": "Grassroots innovation database to be translated into foreign languages", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Grassroots innovators will soon get a wider market to showcase their unique products. The National Innovation Foundation (NIF) and Ahmedabad-based volunteer network for innovation, Honey Bee Network (HBN), are working on translating the database of innovations into foreign languages.At present, the database is available in English and three Indian languages - Hindi, Gujarati and Tamil. With the help of HBN, the NIF has been able to document more than 1,50,000 ideas, innovations and traditional practices from 550 districts in India. All these innovations will be translated into various foreign languages. To begin with, the database will be converted into Chinese this year.At present, the HBN has initiated a project to train the explorers in sourcing breakthrough innovations in China. The NIF and HBN's association with China goes a long way. The organizations became active in China when China Innovation Network was set up in collaboration with the NIF's appendage Society for Research and Initiatives for Sustainable Technologies and Institutions in 2009. More still, the HBN has set up twin centres for grassroots innovation in collaboration with Tianjin University of Finance and Economics (TUFE), China in August, 2011. Similar efforts are on with other developing countries to promote grassroots to Global (g2G) strategy.An international conference on Creativity and Innovation at Grassroots will be held on December 3-5, 2012 at TUFE. The second part of the conference will be held on December 7-8, 2012 at Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad.Anil Gupta , founder of HBN and executive vice chairperson, said, \"Yes, we are working on it. In the December meeting with Tianjin University, we will also try to launch Chinese version of HBN's database.\"Unique products and technologies developed by grass roots innovators have attracted global demand. Some grass roots innovators have also donned the entrepreneurial hat to crack their own business deals overseas. The translated version of innovation database is expected to help the innovators capture a wider market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16619308", "title": "Excise department nets 73 cr in five months", "text": "PANAJI: The state excise department has collected revenue worth 25 crore for the months of July and August taking the total revenue collected by the department to 73 cr for the first five months of the current financial year.The department collected 11.98 crore in July and 13.14 crore in August to make a total of 25.12 cr in these two months.The department had collected revenue of 59.67 crore in the period from April to August last year and is 14 crore ahead in terms of year on year revenue collection.This year the department is expected to collect a revenue of 220 cr for the state exchequer up from the 180 crore that was the target for the previous financial year.Excise officials said the department is on track to meet its revenue targets this financial year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "16621053", "title": "Two more held for Hisar dalit girl's rape", "text": "HISAR: Police have arrested two more persons for the gang rape of a 16-year-old dalit girl at Dabra village in Hisar district on Saturday night. The duo \u2014 Sunil and Kuldeep alias Musa \u2014 were hiding in a hut in the middle of farm fields at Dabra village and a police team, acting on a tip-off, nabbed them.Both of them have been remanded in police custody for four days. The police have so far arrested 11 persons in the gang rape case. However, one of them, a mobile phone shop owner, has been released by the police after realizing that he had only recharged the phones of the accused.The girl was gang-raped by eight youths of the same village while four others filmed the act on September 9. The girl revealed the matter to her parents on September 18 and her father committed suicide on the same day following threats from the accused.Meanwhile, mother of the girl demanded government job for the victim and her brother. Kin of the victim also urged the government to provide the family house in Hisar as it was very difficult for the girl and her family to stay in the village after the horrific incident.DSP Kumar said, \"All the arrested accused have studied up to class XII pass except one Mahender Singh, who is a graduate. The accused confessed that they had made an MMS clip and clicked nude pictures of the girl, but we are yet to recover the mobile memory chip in which they had saved all the material.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16618480", "title": "CBSE seeks integration of its vocational course in universities", "text": "NAGPUR: The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) is seeking integration of its vocational courses with universities so that the board's students can have an incentive to take up the subjects.The board met with various varsities and the central government on September 28 to discuss the issue of shortage of trained professionals and the necessity for development of employability skills among students. More meetings between the stakeholders are expected further to devise a clear plan.Its Vocational Education Cell (VEC), which is taking the lead, has been mandated to 'recognize the importance of increasing and diversifying the skill-building industry in the country.'The central board is currently offering 34 vocational courses consisting of 97 subjects. Since this is optional, so far only 313 affiliated schools in India and 11 schools abroad have opted for it. The CBSE has almost 12,000 affiliated schools in both India and abroad.The board feels that once students enroll for these vocational courses at the Std XII level they would like to pursue it at a higher level. CBSE feels that in such a scenario 'due recognition of vocational courses by all universities and educational institutions will motivate students to take up such courses in future.'The VEC also feels that all stakeholders involved should explore how to integrate 'the existing vocational courses with the academic stream for easy vertical/horizontal mobility of students'.Now, the board has tasked its VEC to 'strategize and steer the expansion of vocational education with comprehensive and holistic evolution' and also spearhead 'continuous reforms and renovation to develop innovative curriculum and content of vocational subjects to cater different supply chain of the economy.'The VEC is also working on an ambitious project of creating a database for skilled manpower for facilitating meaningful exchange between employers and potential job seekers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16623014", "title": "LiLo attacked by man at NYC hotel", "text": "A young man who got into an argument with Lindsay Lohan in her New York City hotel room over cell phone photos has been released from police custody, a law enforcement official has revealed.Law enforcement officials, who interviewed both Lohan and Christian LaBella and determined that the accusations against him could not be substantiated, said that his arrest would be voided.Officials said that, instead, Lohan and LaBella sought harassment complaints against each other.According to the New York Post , sources revealed that the 26-year-old actress was allegedly assaulted by LaBella, who she met at a nightclub in Manhattan, after she confronted him about pictures he was taking on his phone.Lohan met the suspect, 25-year-old Labella, at 1 Oak in Chelsea early on Sunday morning before returning to the W Hotel.Police sources said that LaBella was taking cell phone pictures of Lohan partying and then they got into a tussle in the room before going out into the hallway of the hotel, where he allegedly tried to choke her.A fire alarm was pulled during the incident, but the hotel told visitors there was no need to evacuate.After police arrived at the hotel, Lohan was questioned while cops remained outside her room for six hours.\"They thought I took pictures but I didn't,\" Fox News quoted LaBella as telling the police in the lobby, where he was caught.The NYPD said that the victim of the alleged attack was a white, 26-year-old female, but would not confirm it was Lohan.LaBellawas taken into police custody at about 6 a.m. and has been charged before with two counts of misdemeanour assault and two counts of harassment.\"Lindsay was assaulted early this morning in a New York hotel. While she did sustain some injuries, she was not hospitalized,\" Steve Honig, Lohan's publicist, said in a statement.\"The assailant was arrested and is currently in police custody. Lindsay has spoken with police and is fully cooperating with the investigation,\" the publicist said.According to TMZ, LaBella is no stranger to rubbing arms with celebrities and his Facebook page has photos of him with stars like Kim Kardashian and her mother, Kris Jenner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16620756", "title": "Learn to manage cash flow", "text": "Personal financial management begins with managing cash flow. It is good to have financial goals and investment plans, but we may not make much progress if our routine transactions do not match our income. Investing for the long term requires a stable and consistent surplus after meeting both routine and unexpected expenses. Unless this happens and adequate financial discipline is maintained, long-term saving and investment plans will face risk. Except for the very affluent, households must consciously match their expenses with income. When inflation puts pressure on the consumption basket, with no corresponding increase in income, the ability of a household to manage its routine transactions is strained. Illness, hospitalisation, and losses from natural calamities are unexpected expenses. It is sensible to segregate such unexpected losses and buy suitable insurance cover for them. It saves the household from bearing expenses that can dent the ability to save and secure the future.Some borrowing may be inevitable to match the expenses that spill over. What are the choices that households exercise in the informal market? Availing of credit from the local grocer is one. Borrowing from friends and relatives, mostly as a hand loan without interest, is another. Some borrow from their employers and repay in instalments. Informal groups form chits, where small amounts are contributed regularly, and the lump sum is made available every month to a member chosen by draw of lots. Gold and silver are pawned to the nearby moneylender to get lump-sum loans, to be repaid in smaller instalments. Then there is the usurious loan from the local moneylender, who gives unsecured loans at high rates of interest.These informal credit markets play an important role in enabling several households to manage their expenses and short-term requirement for cash. There are three key features to these informal arrangements. First, transactions are only between the people who know one another. Familiarity is the security on which the lending happens. Thus, social pressures to repay on time are high. Second , credit is offered with minimal fuss or delay and there is limited or non-existing paperwork. Third, default is viewed seriously and mostly ends the ability to borrow again, apart from the loss of asset pledged or loss of face and honour. When you lend to a friend who defaults, you lose the money and the friend. The cost of informal credit can be as low as zero or very high, depending on these three features and the lender's assessment of the borrower.The formal market for credit works through procedures and paperwork. Banks offer overdrafts, personal loans and credit cards. Finance companies offer loans against the security of deposits, investments, gold and property. A credit card comes close to the accommodating grocer and allows free credit if balance is paid completely when it is due. Formal loans are offered without the condition of familiarity. Therefore, the lender requires documentary proof of income, record of repayment capability, credit scores, and security in the form of an asset before offering the loan. To the borrower, the formal market offers anonymity. The borrowing transaction is not known in the immediate social circle and does not come with the burden of being identified as someone in debt.Households can use these formal and informal markets to manage their needs during tough times. Here are the six aspects to focus on. First, build a good credit track record with your friends, relatives, employers and bank. If you keep your word on repayment, you will be able to tap credit with little effort when needed. This also means that you are realistic about borrowing in line with your ability to repay. Second, make sure arrangements are in place to borrow when need arises. Banks offer pre-sanctioned personal loans and overdraft limits. NBFCs offer faster clearance of loans if you comply with their requirements. Get familiar with the process, so you are able to borrow at short notice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "bellary", "code": "16620261", "title": "Three killed in Bellary steel plant accident", "text": "BELLARY: Three workers died and another received serious injuries in an accident at the Jindal Vijayanagar Steel at Toranagallu, nere here, on Sunday. The dead have been identified as Veerabhadra of Bellary, Hanumathe Gowda of Koppal and Pathru from Odisha. The injured, Yereswamy, is being treated at a Bellary hospital.Sources said the accident occurred when hot iron ore residue from an overhead iron bucket fell on the victims while cleaning a huge bunker of the Jindal Steel's sinter plant. The bucket's restraints gave way, leading to the accident.Union leaders said the plant lacked proper maintenance for over a year. The steel plant management was not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16620197", "title": "Guidelines for safety of ATM vans issued", "text": "GURGAON: Soon after a daring daylight robbery in Delhi in which four armed men looted around Rs 5 crore from a ATM cash van, neighbouring Haryana has issued guidelines for the safety of vehicles carrying cash for ATMs.District police chiefs have been asked to hold meeting with all bank officers under their jurisdiction and review the safety measures being taken for ATM cash vans, an official spokesman said.He said directions have also been issued to constitute separate police teams to keep an eye on these vans.They have also been asked to gather all information about the private security companies given the responsibility to load cash in these vans, he said.If large amount of cash is being carried, district police control room should be informed about it so that police security can be provided to the vehicle.The move came a day after four men in a car decamped with the cash van of an agency filling ATMs of ICICI bank in the posh Defence Colony area of Delhi after shooting its guard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16621166", "title": "Pune: Helplines for repeaters' examination set up", "text": "PUNE: The Pune division of the Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education has set up helplines for students of secondary school certificate (SSC, std X) and higher secondary certificate (HSC, std XII) repeaters' examination, which begins from October 4. Students and parents, who have doubts regarding the time table, hall tickets, subjects or any other queries related to the examination, can contact on the helpline numbers. Students and parents will be guided by the board officials on the helpline. The helpline will remain open between 10 am and 6 pm during the examination period only. Pune, Solapur and Ahmednagar are the three sub-divisions under the jurisdiction of Pune division.Helpline numbersPuneB D Garud, Abasaheb Garware College 8600525908S R Botekar, Tikaram Jagannath College, Kahdki 9822991391SolapurS A Kulkarni, Haribhai Devkaran School 9921530757AhmednagarT M Bangar, New Arts, Commerce and Science College 9763557131", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16619554", "title": "Ex-Dy CM to guide NCP agenda with 3 ministers", "text": "MUMBAI: The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) has made it clear that though Ajit Pawar is out of the government, as the leader of the legislative party he will continue to guide its agenda in government.In doing so, sources said, Pawar will have to rely on the ministerial trio of party seniors Chaggan Bhujbal, RR Patil, and Jayant Patil.The trio will lead the NCP's charge in the cabinet for now. Interestingly, Pawar has had his share of disagreements and inter-party verbal battles with all three.A senior NCP functionary said, \"As leader of the NCP's legislative party, Pawar will be within his rights to discuss the party line with the ministers before cabinet meetings.\"Following Pawar's exit, the NCP has decided not to appoint a deputy chief minister. While the post has no constitutional validity, it was created to lend a unified voice to the stand of the smaller ally (in this case, the NCP). \"The absence of a Dy CM would now mean that a three-man brigade will lead the NCP's charge in the cabinet,\" an NCP source said. Of the three, Bhujbal and Patil have served as Dy CMs before.A senior Congress functionary said it would be interesting to see how coordination between Pawar and the three ministers will be. \"While Pawar clearly enjoys clout among NCP legislators, it will be interesting to see the sway he holds over the trio.\"With assembly speaker Dilip Walse Patil's name being taken for a cabinet berth for the impending reshuffle, he could soon join this core brigade. He, too, has had his share of run-ins with Pawar. New energy min promises end to power woesNewly appointed energy minister Rajesh Tope has said curbs on power thefts and leakages, and an emphasis on power generation will top his agenda. \"Power generation will end the electricity woes of the state. Besides this, checking power leakage and theft will also help the department in narrowing the demand-supply gap,\" Tope told TOI. Tope, who is Maharashtra's higher and technical education minister, has been assigned additional charge of energy following NCP leader Ajit Pawar's resignation as deputy CM. Pawar's portfolios included energy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16619291", "title": "No worries on state's financial health: Manohar Parrikar", "text": "MARGAO: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Sunday said there was no need for anybody to harbour any apprehensions over the state's financial health owing to the current crisis in the mining industry, and exuded confidence over his ability to steer the state's economy in the right direction.\"There is absolutely no need to panic over the state's economy. During my IIT studies, finance subjects were among my favourite ones and I used to score A grade in those subjects. So there is no need to worry over the state's finances. Yes, there were times when there was a bit of pressure owing to the mess created by the previous government. As the earlier government had created a lot of credit outstanding, we were burdened with clearing these dues. Now we have come out of that situation,\" Parrikar said, addressing a gathering at the function organized by Konkani Bhasha Mandal to commemorate its golden jubilee celebrations.Speaking further, Parrikar said that he had taken into consideration the possible fallout of the Shah commission report on Goa's economy in the event it was accepted by the centre, while preparing the state's annual budget. \"While preparing the state's budget, I had borne in mind that the state may lose the revenue obtained from the mining industry once the Shah commission report was tabled in Parliament, and therefore, enough safeguards were placed while planning the state's financial outlay,\" Parrikar said.Refuting any threat to the stability of his government over the mining issue, Parrikar said Congress was in no way capable of defusing the mining crisis situation.\"Tell me, who is best equipped to solve the mining issue? Is ( former chief minister) Digambar Kamat in a position to solve it? Or can (state Congress president) Subhash Shirodkar, do it, for that matter? The centre may be attempting to put me in trouble over the Shah commission report. But, in fact, the Shah commission report was placed in the parliament without following the proper procedure. Even the centre's response (of suspending ECs to mines in Goa) was a delayed action. I acted faster than them,\" Parrikar said, indicating that he has got the wherewithal to clear the mining industry of all illegalities.He said that the government would work out a methodology to provide support to the truck drivers who might face tough times in the wake of the closure of mines for a prolonged period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16621036", "title": "Undergraduate courses in demand: Rhia Powell", "text": "Rhia Powell, international recruitment manager for India, University of Northampton, UK, talks to Aaditi Isaac about popular courses at the varsityWhy are you in India?The admission process has begun and we are here in India to meet school students to offer counselling and to advise them on study opportunities in the UK. As part of a consortium of five UK universities, students can find out about the various courses available and the scholarships that are on offer. This year, we are visiting two schools in Delhi.What are the popular courses that Indian students opt for?We see more students applying for postgraduate courses, but the trend is changing with an increasing demand for UG courses as well. The most popular courses that Indian students select include business management and engineering, including computing. Indian students also take courses in waste management and environmental sciences, for which the university is globally recognised .Could you elaborate on the scholarships that the university offers?We award merit-based scholarships (25% off the tuition fee) to students, which are available for each of the three years. These scholarships are renewed every year on the completion of the academic year based on merit. We provide these scholarships to students in the undergraduate as well as Master's degree programmes. Scholarship decisions are made on submission of a completed application .Why should students study in the UK?The UK has a tradition of providing world-class education. Students can study in a multi-cultural environment, pursue a course in their area of interest and gain a multitude of transferable skills whilst studying for a degree that has global recognition.What about the visa rules?Students require a tier-4 visa to study in the UK. The visa rules require that students have an offer letter from a recognised UK university, which includes evidence of English language proficiency usually from an approved test such as IELTS / TOEFL. A visa is issued on a points-basis where students get 30 points from the university offer and a further 10 points are made up from a financial assessment.What are the kind of queries you often receive?Students and their parents want to know about the tuition fees, scholarships, courses, quality of department in the university, housing, including campus accommodation, security and job opportunities. We advise students to choose a suitable course based on their own subject interest and a university, which matches their personal requirements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16620051", "title": "Private girls' hostels hardly safe", "text": "PATNA: Girls from all over Bihar come to the city to study or in search of career opportunities. But these girls do not find a safe haven in private hostels or PG accommodation here. Though such hostels have become a flourishing business in different parts of the city now, their safety norms raise concern.Namrata, who works in the Boring Road branch of a private bank, lives in one such hostel at Nageshwar Colony. She said, \"The security guard in our hostel does not have any weapon. If some untoward incident takes place, the guard will not be able to do much.\" The locality has many women's hostels, she said, adding they have to often face lewd remarks from local boys or other forms of% eve-teasing.Ria Singh, a second year BSc student from Muzaffarpur, who lives in a hostel on Boring Road, said, \"My hostel has a teenaged boy as security guard. When he is sent to get something from the nearby shops, there is no one at the entrance.\" Most of the hostels have a similar situation, she said.Shreya, an IAS aspirant from Hazaribagh who lives in a hostel at Ashok Rajpath, complained of basic amenities. said, \"Let alone security arrangement, we lack even basic things such as table and chair, cupboard and cleanliness. There is no security guard and roadside Romeos do not let go a single chance to comment on us.\"This is the state of affairs even as these hostels charge anywhere between Rs 2,000 and Rs 6,000, depending on the services provided. Hostel owners were not ready to talk on the issue. However, a hostel warden in Nageshwar Colony said, \"Most of the hostel owners do not do much about security till some untoward incident happens.\"The district administration has no idea about the number of such hostels. DM Sanjay Kumar Singh said, \"There is no provision for registration of private hostels for either girls or boys.\"Asked about security arrangements for these hostels, City SP Jayant Kant said, \"Regular patrolling is done and if we receive any complaint, we take immediate action. Recently we had a case in Kadamkuan area and we handled it successfully.\" However, he said most of these hostel owners have not completed verification procedure at their nearest police station. Additional SP, Patna City, Chandan Kushwaha stated the verification work has begun and \"we have plans to inspect lodges and hostels and check tenants in the next few days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "16619766", "title": "'Literature should enhance quality of life'", "text": "DHARWAD: Noted scholar and writer prof KS Narayanacharya said literature should help enhance quality of life in its true sense and not promote hatred among people. It should restore people to their originality and help develop nationalism, he said.Speaking at a function to release his book 'Secularism: Anadu-Indu' published by Sahitya Bhandar and to review his literary works organized at Alur Venkatrao Bhavan in Dharwad on Sunday to mark his 80th birth anniversary, Narayanacharya said Ramayana and Mahabharatha continued to be the guiding spirits in India and these two great epics have solutions to all the problems faced in the society.Stating that to be a good writer and to express noble ideas the writer should be a noble thinker, Narayanacharya said the writer should have dedication towards divinity, nation, literature/art and self esteem. He regretted that the post-1950s Kannada literature had focused more on Artha and Kama, ignoring the two important aspects- Dharma and Moksha.Young writers should focus on nationality and the Indian origin which is the need of the hour, he added.Poet Channaveer Kanavi hailed Narayanacharya's contribution to literature and said he had been bold enough to propagate truth unmindful of criticism. 'Narayanacharya's interpretation of episodes of Ramayana and Mahabharata are keeping in mind the present socio-political scenario of the world and are guiding force to the society,\" Kanavi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "bangalore/mysore", "code": "16619282", "title": "Cauvery water release fuels anger, roads cut off", "text": "BANGALORE/MYSORE: Risking backlash from the restive Cauvery heartland of Mandya, Chamarajanagar and Mysore districts, the Jagadish Shettar government on Sunday ensured the release of 9,000 cusecs of water to Tamil Nadu and complied with the Supreme Court directive.In no time, farmers hit the streets, blocking the Bangalore-Mysore highway and sending out signals that they will scale up the agitation in the coming days. Bus service to Mysore and Tamil Nadu has been suspended.Schools and colleges in Mandya district are closed on Monday.With the Supreme Court directing Karnataka to release water as per the Cauvery River Authority ruling, the BJP government had no other option. Constrained to explain the government's stand in the face of rising farmers' anger, Shettar said: \"We have released 7,300 cusecs by 11am. Hopefully, they (Tamil Nadu) will get their full quota by the evening. It (water release) was unavoidable. With due respect to the Supreme Court, we complied with its order.\"Belligerent statements and frayed tempers ruled soon after the release. The protest took a variety of forms \u2014 burning of Tamil Nadu chief minister's effigies, blocking road and rail traffic, and courting arrest. The protesters paid little or no heed to the fact that Karnataka had no legal wiggle space on the matter. They decided to go ahead with their call for a Karnataka bandh on Saturday.Farmers were angry that the CM sacrificed the interests of the farming community. When Shettar rang up Cauvery Protection Committee chief and former Congress MP G Made Gowda to calm the tempers, the agitated leader shot back: \"I don't want to hear any justification from you. We thought you would be our saviour and a hero; but you turned out to be a coward. We know what to do.''The protests caused severe hardship to residents and commuters on the Bangalore-Mysore highway. Farmers sporadically stopped traffic on the highway at a number of places, including Mandya, Maddur, Siddalingapura and Srirangapatna. Schools and colleges in the region declared a holiday till the agitation subsidies.As reports of water release hit the airwaves in the morning, protesters threatened to besiege the Cauvery basin's four main reservoirs \u2014 Krishnarajasagar, Kabini, Hemavathy and Harangi \u2014 and cut off drinking water supply to Bangalore (at Torekadanahalli, near Malavalli) and Mysore. Well-drafted security measures overwhelmed their attempts.Officials of the water resources department discounted immediate impact of the release of 9,000 cusecs of water and said farmers could face a tough time towards the end of the harvesting season. \"We hope it rains adequately by then,\" they added. Sugarcane farmers could be the worst affected as the crop \u2014 of a perennial variety \u2014 may not get water in the summer months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16618901", "title": "Cops take chief minister\u2019s own men into custody", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Congress found itself in a tight corner on Sunday with its own MPs, ministers and MLAs training guns on the Kiran Kumar Reddy government, alleging that it had gone back on its word to allow the peaceful march to the Necklace Road. Condemning the arrests of Telangana supporters coming to Hyderabad for the march, deputy chief minister Damodar Rajanarasimha and other ministers threatened that they would not hesitate to resign.The police took into custody party MPs from Telangana twice during the day when they staged dharnas in front of chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy's camp office protesting the preventive arrests of Telangana activists. \"It is unfortunate that the police resorted to arrests even after permission was given for the march. The MPs were also arrested when they questioned this. The ministers and MPs are exploring the option of quitting their positions,\" said K Jana Reddy, minister for panchayat raj. Jana Reddy, who played a key role in obtaining permission for the march, said time had come for them to make a choice between the ministerial posts and the cause of Telangana.While ministers like Ponnala Lakshmaiah, Basavaraju Saraiah, Gaddam Prasad Kumar and deputy CM Rajanarasimha huddled at Jana Reddy's residence, party MPs S Rajaiah, Madhu Yashki Goud, G Vivek, Gutta Sukhender Reddy, Mandha Jagannadham and Ponnam Prabhakar, who were released after they were taken to Shamshabad police station met at former Rajya Sabha member K Keshava Rao's residence.Insiders said the furious MPs were keen on putting in their papers. But some moderates among them were considering meeting the CM again to urge him to convey their anguish to the party high command. \"Telangana is a sensitive issue and the party high command must take note of the people's anguish. We would like to appeal to the chief minister to convey this to the high command,\" said Rajanarasimha. Earlier, Congress MPs from Telangana region held a protest at the CM's camp office here when they were prevented from meeting him. Although taken by surprise, police swung into action and whisked away the MPs and shifted them to Keshava Rao's residence. After they were released, they again staged a sit-in at the camp office and this time they were taken to Shamshabad police station, 25 km away.Madhu Yaskhi, who was involved in heated argument with a police officer, said: \"The government gave permission and later chose to prevent people from participating in the march. That is not fair.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16621534", "title": "Overbooked trains leave students in the lurch", "text": "RANCHI: Students from Jharkhand, living in other cities like Delhi, Mumbai, Pune and Bangalore may have to miss out on Durga Puja celebrations in their hometowns this year.An estimated five lakh students from the state live in these cities. With most trains being overbooked for the season, the waiting lists are as long as 700.Sushil Kumar Singh, awaiting a ticket at the reservation counter of Ranchi junction, was turned away as the waiting list in New Delhi-Ranchi Garib Rath Express was 350.\"My daughter lives in Delhi. She comes home every year during Durga Puja. I don't think she will be able to make it this time,\" Singh sighed. The scene in Pune-Hatia Superfast Express is no different. For October 26, the train has a waiting list of 230 in its sleeper class. AC coaches being more expensive, several students book their tickets in the sleeper class. The AC-3 tier and AC-2 tier classes also have waiting lists well above 40 for the month of October.The Ranchi division has written to its headquarters for the requisition of a special train between Pune and Ranchi. DRM G Malaya said that the number of passengers from Pune to Ranchi has increased. \"A requisition request has already been sent. It is likely that the train would be sanctioned in October,\" assured Malaya. Hatia-Howrah Express has a waiting list of 680 for October 22. A large number of students staying in Kolkata come home during Durga Puja. Thousands of people from West Bengal , employed with PSUs in Ranchi, also return home during this time.Hatia-Mumbai LTT Superfast Express tells a similar story. The passenger train showed a waiting list of 325 for October 26.The New Delhi Ranchi Rajdhani Express, Jharkhand Swarna Jayanti Superfast Express, Hatia Yesvantpur Express and Maurya Express have waiting lists running into 100. Calling it a regular phenomenon, Jharkhand Passengers' Association (JPA) president R K Sarawgi said, \"Every year, railways run from pillar to post to accommodate the increased number of passengers. Rather than adding additional coaches to the existing trains, what it should do is run special trains between these stations.\"In a meeting with DRM officials of the Ranchi divison, JPA had demanded running special trains from here to connect Pune, Bangalore, and Delhi. The JPA officials will meet the DRM next week to follow up their demands.Meanwhile, Ranchi division has already announced the running of Durga Puja special trains between Ranchi and Saharsa and Katihar.The booking for Ranchi-Saharsa-Ranchi train will start from October 1. It will be a weekly service and continue till November 27.The other special train is Ranchi-Katihar-Ranchi. The booking for this train will start from October 3. Train services will start from October 4 and continue till November 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16623015", "title": "Oh My God: Akshay, Paresh team up again for next film", "text": "Paresh Rawal has found a comforting compatriot in Akshay Kumar. After Oh My God which they have co-produced, Paresh is all set to once again team up with Akshay. In spite of the protests against their co-production Oh My God, Paresh will team up with Akshay aga in.Reveals Paresh, \"We haven't really decided what Akshay and I will co-produce next. But we'll definitely work together again. He has been a treat to work with. I have my production house Playtime Creations. I feel comfortable working with Akshay. As an actor I have to create opportunities of my own. Akshay is a good ally in this endeavour.\"While Paresh declines from divulging more details about their next co-production, we understand from reliable sources that Akshay Kumar wishes to do an adaptation of another long-running Paresh play 'dear father' to the screen. Apparently both Akshay and Paresh were very close to their father and empathize closely with the content of the play.Even as a crescendo of voices rose in protest against the anti-ritualistic attack on religion in Umesh Shukla's Oh My God , the film's super-talented leading man Paresh Rawal is unfazed.The incredibly versatile actor who is a treat to watch in his agnostic role, \"There was no fear of backlash at all. We were always very sure of what we were saying and doing on ritualistic religion and the way it controls the life of the common man. I had performed the same story in play form in front of a 1000-strong audience for 150 shows in Gujarati and Hindi repeatedly. The play has also been performed in Punjabi and English. We never had any protests. A live audience could've easily expressed its displeasure at our ideas in the play. Not once did we face any protest. So I knew we were on stable ground with the film. There was no one throwing shoes in any of the shows. Audiences from the older and younger generations have appreciated the idea beyond the play.\"Paresh is unfazed by the spate of protests against the film. \"Even in Punjab we've been able to release the film almost everywhere. The protestors are seeing and hearing what they want to. And if we are daunted by protests we'd never be able to extend the reach and impact of the visual medium, be it theatre, television or cinema.\"Paresh is all for the thought that religion is now being merchandized in our country. \"I believe in God. But the costly ways recommended reach him are wrong. Just who benefits from all the showy rituals, I don't know.\"Paresh is more concerned by the fact that the film has somewhere deviated from the play. \"To make the film more mass-oriented we somewhere diluted the original play. That was bound to be.In the play audiences were happy to see me on stage for two hours. In the film the audience needed more incentives.\"It is rumoured that the film's co-producer Akshay Kumar who has nursed a life-long ambition for playing God pushed his way into the film. Paresh gives Akshay a clean chit. \"It was really sporting of him to agree to feature in a film where a character actor like me played the lead. He believed in the theme.\"The critics have loved Paresh's film but Paresh doesn't see himself as a saleable star. \"I am not being modest when I say I don't see producers putting a 50-crore film on my shoulder.It may happen in the future. One never knows.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16619857", "title": "Immediate implants make up for tooth loss", "text": "LUCKNOW: For those who have lost a tooth due to injury or ageing, there is choice of immediate implants. Immediate implant is one of the many prosthetic options available these days. Unlike the traditional one, the implant screw and crown are inserted into the jaw bone in one go. New implants and prosthetic options were discussed in detail at a workshop organised by department of prosthodontics, dental faculty, King George's medical university here on Saturday.Talking to reporters, organising secretary Dr Jitendra Rao said, \"The facility of immediate implants is available at the medical university. But since the implants are not provided by us, the patient has to bear the cost. But the option with us is cheaper than in the private sector. Dentists in the open market would charge about two and a half times more that what the procedure would cost at the medical university.\"On what makes immediate implants different from the traditional ones, member of the technical committee, Dr Saumyendra V Singh said, \"It's the material used in making the implant and its design that saves time.\" But, he said, only complete diagnosis and investigation are able to tell if there is room for immediate implants or not. \"We prefer to use the traditional procedure in case of molars. For frontal teeth, immediate implants can help achieve normalcy very soon,\" he said. Experts informed compared to the traditional implants, immediate implants do not cost more. It is at par with the expenditure on high quality traditional implants.A couple of decades ago, dentures were the only option but making the correct set of teeth for a patient was a time taking option. Patients also needed to remove dentures from the mouth for at least eight hours daily. Implants, which are like screws inserted into jaw bones by a minor surgery, came next. Implants offered some permanency but took time to set.Implants took up to six months to fuse with the bone, after which the implant screws acted like dental roots. Artificial teeth known as crowns were then glued to the root leading to two procedures before the loss of tooth was made up for artificially. tnnSuch fixed implant dentures are almost as comfortable as natural teeth and don't have to be removed from the mouth. Their disadvantage is the long waiting period of almost half a year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16619225", "title": "One agency may not lead to better roads", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government may want a single agency to maintain roads in the city, but there is no guarantee that the move will lead to smooth functioning and ultimately better roads. Inter-departmental squabbles in the civic body often add to the problem.According to the BMC's norms, if any department carries out excavation of road for laying of utilities, the contractor has to reinstate the road. But often the contractors do not reinstate the roads properly, leading to constant tiffs with the road department.There are also issues within the ward-level staff over jurisdictions of minor roads because of which work on a disputed stretch is affected.Till last year, when the pothole-filling exercise was being done at the ward-level, several stretches of roads were affected due to disputes over jurisdiction.The state government has now formed a 14-member panel\u2014headed by the municipal commissioner\u2014to bring multiple road agencies under one roof and come up with a mechanism to ensure better coordination among them.According to the data on the pothole-tracking website, 212 potholes have been reported but only 38 have been attended to. Most of the potholes reported are on the roads that are with other departments.For instance, if other departments like bridges, hydraulics, stormwater drain and sewerage dig up a road for a project, the contractor has to fix the road. The road is then under the defect liability period (DLP) of that contractor.The roads department of the civic body has levied penalty of over Rs 50 lakh on contractors of the other departments. The highest amount of penalty has been imposed on contractors from the hydraulics department for not filling potholes in time.Civic officials say the other departments are lax about road conditions as it is not their primary mandate and also the contractor appointed by the department to change the utility or connect water pipelines has to hire another contractor to reinstate the road as and to save money, he might do it haphazardly.\"There is a problem when it comes to reinstatement of roads by contractors of the other departments, the roads that are reinstated by them fall under their DLP. And when potholes surface on those roads, he isn't available to fill them, putting the road department in the line of criticism,\" said a senior civic official from the roads department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "rewari", "code": "16620174", "title": "Panchayat debars couple's entry to village, boycotts families", "text": "REWARI: A social panchayat of Yadav community representing 21 villages of Rewari district has imposed lifetime ban on a couple's entry to the village and also boycotted their respective families.Belonging to the same gotra and the same village of the district, Bhagirath Yadav, 27, and Sunita Yadav, 25, had secretly tied the nuptial knot on April 24, 2011, against the Khap norms. However, the news had reached the panchayat after the birth of their child recently when some family members from both the sides had gone to Rewari on the invitation of the couple last Saturday.The diktat was issued by the panchayat, presided over by Shribhagwan Yadav, and attended by around 800 persons on the outskirts of Dhawana village on Sunday.It took the decision after a two-hour deliberation in which the family members of the bride and groom were present. The couple, however, stayed away from the meeting.The panchayat members stated that the matrimonial ties within the same gotra and the same village were completely prohibited in the society and the couple had broken the age-old social norms, which was absolutely unacceptable to the people of the village and the community.Every speaker at the panchayat, who rose to express his views, condemned the marriage and urged the panchayat to take strict and exemplary action against the duo.The harsher the language of the speaker, the more he drew applause from the people gathered at the venue.Village sarpanch Dalbir Singh also echoed the views of the people and maintained that the youngsters had committed a blunder by marrying and whatever punishment the social panchayat decides should be acceptable to everybody.Finally, Shribhagwan asked the family members of both sides to explain as to why they allowed this to happen. Standing in the middle of the meeting with folded hands, the septuagenarian grandfather of Bhagirath, Balwari Lal confessed to the 'social sin' committed by his grandson and stated he was feeling ashamed at his act.\"I tried my best to stop him when I came to know about his decision to marry a girl of the village. But he refused to listen and went ahead without heeding to me,\" said Balwari.The girl's father Karan Singh, an ex-serviceman, too expressed his helplessness in front of the panchayat in stopping his daughter.\"I immediately snapped our relationship with my daughter and even disowned her,\" said Singh. As per information, Bhagirath and Sunita have been living in Jaipur ever since their marriage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16621294", "title": "Stranded at the deep end", "text": "GUWAHATI: Forty six lakh and rising - that's the number of people affected by three waves of disasters, one man-made and two natural, in Assam over the past three months. This probably makes this the most tragic quarter for the state in recent history. The first wave of floods in Assam from end-June to mid-July affected more than 24 lakh people in all 27 districts of the state, took 125 lives and devastated 2.55 lakh hectares of farmlands. The second wave of floods over the past two weeks have affected 18 lakh people, so far, in 17 districts, killed nearly 30 and inundated two lakh hectares of farmlands.And in between these two natural tragedies, man turned on man in a few districts of western Assam, leaving more than a hundred dead and over four lakh uprooted from their homes and villages. The three upheavals have left 46 lakh people - or 14.5 per cent of Assam's population - in a state of utter devastation and penury.The greater tragedy, however, is that a large measure of this devastation could actually have been avoided. Hundreds of crores of rupees have been spent on so-called flood-control measures by the state government over the past five decades, but it has all been, well, money down the river. Assam has witnessed recurrent flooding ever since the Brahmaputra changed course and became shallower after a big earthquake in 1950. River expert R N Bharali has shown how the Brahmaputra carries the largest volume of sediments (800 million tonnes a year) and water amongst all rivers in the world. Much of this has settled down in the riverbed, and in the absence of any dredging (which was actually last carried out way back in 1978), the Brahmaputra's riverbed has risen.This has severely reduced the river's capacity to carry water. The excess water that the river carries during the monsoons often breaches the river banks and causes flooding. Even the departments tasked with maintaining embankments and spurs along the river have been found wanting. An unholy nexus between corrupt officials and contractors ensures that those embankments and spurs that are repaired and reinforced every year keep getting washed away, as pointed out by an expert, Ramen Talukdar. Besdies, most spurs are also constructed very unscientifically and instead of protecting embankments only contribute to their destruction.Clearly, there's an immediate need to constitute a panel of experts to study the recurrent problem of floods and suggest concrete measures. Like disaster management and river expert S K Bashist - who has studied the devastation caused by floods in Assam over the last few years and said that while it may not be possible to stop a swollen river from overflowing its banks and breaching embankments in the short run, enough measures can always be taken to ensure that humans and livestock are evacuated in advance and losses to immovable properties are minimised.Assam doesn't even have flood shelters, he notes, adding that the relief and compensation given is grossly inadequate. Economists say that Assam's economy has been set back by at least a decade by the two waves of floods this year. Besdies lakhs of people losing their homes and crops, tens of thousands of able-bodied men have started migrating to others state to look for work. The social fabric of the state may also suffer immeasurably as a result.Last month's riots in the Bodoland Territorial Autonomous District (BTAD) of Assam have only exacerbated the human sufferings and misery in Assam, but also caused deep fissures in society once again by pitting communities against each other. \"The BTAD violence has brought the divisive issue of presence of illegal immigrants to the centre stage of political discourse in Assam and has assumed communal overtones. Assam's ethnic powder keg could erupt violently again,\" warns social scientist Anwar Hazarika, adding that the violence was a result of governance failure, and a rather abject one at that too. Former Bodo militants weren't disarmed and allowed to keep their weapons and nothing has been done to stop illegal immigration from Bangladesh.The state government fiddled even as reports of growing tension between the Bodos and Bengali-speaking Muslims came in. And as if all this wasn't painful enough for the state, the United Liberation Front of Asom (ULFA) decided to remind the already traumatised people of its sinister presence through a bomb blast in Assam earlier this week. Though the blast killed just one, it served as a chilling reminder of the travails that lie in store for Assam.As September draws to an end, the flood waters have started receding in Assam, leaving behind vast swathes of devastated farmlands and ruined lives. That is hardly a relief; the next misfortune could be just round the corner. That is, sadly, Assam's distressing reality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16618476", "title": "Teakwood smugglers attack four forest guards", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Teakwood smugglers assaulted four forest guards on Friday night during forest department's search operation in Motlatekda jungle in Sironcha tehsil of Gadchiroli district on Saturday. Asaralli police arrested three assailants on Saturday.Acting on a tip off about tree felling, forest department officials started search operations in Motlatekda jungle in Asaralli forest range on Friday night. Foresters intercepted some woodcutters who were carrying teakwood logs in bullock carts.As the forest guards tried to stop them, the smugglers attacked them. Forest guards Shankar Ippala, MF Chaudhari, Hemant Bohbhate and TK Kokode were injured in the attack. The assailants then fled with the bullock carts loaded with teakwood. The injured forest guards were rushed to Aheri subdistrict hospital.A Shrilaxami, DCF of Sironcha division, on Saturday asked the Asaralli range office to file a police complaint. Asaralli police arrested the assailants Samayya Potte, Ganpati Irkari and Narayan Choudhari from Motlatekda village on Saturday afternoon. A bullock cart and eight logs of teakwood were seized from them. More arrests are likely to be made soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16620367", "title": "Kanpur zoo charts busy wildlife week", "text": "KANPUR: Kanpur Zoological Garden has planned a string of special programmes to commemorate World Wildlife Week beginning October 1.On Monday, schoolchildren along with NCC cadets will take out a rally from Nawabganj police station to the zoo in Azad Nagar. \"The rally by school going students will kickstart the celebrations for the World Wildlife Week. The kids' animal masks and the march past by NCC cadets will make the event more lively\", said K Praveen Rao, director, Kanpur zoo.He further said the zoo authorities will focus on spreading awareness on wildlife through competitions for children from classes V to XII.These include three-legged race, frog race, balloon race, group discussion, wildlife quiz, musical chair, elocution, essay writing, drawing, painting and other cultural activities. 'Mehndi' and 'Rangoli' making competitions will also be held for girl students.The competitions have been divided into three different groups, namely sub-junior, junior and senior group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16624493", "title": "Nagarjuna\u2019s Love Story wraps up Swiss schedule", "text": "Akkienni Nagarjuna's forthcoming romantic entertainer Love Story (tentatively titled) has just wrapped up the Switzerland schedule. The unit, which left to the largest city in Switzerland in the second week of September, shot a song on Nagarjuna and Nayanatara, along with few talkie part scenes and returned to Hyderabad on Monday.The film, which is tipped to be a romantic and family entertainer, has Nag playing the role of an NRI and sporting a new look. Thaman who has seen tremendous success in Tollywood has done the music for this film. Dasarath, who earlier directed Nagarjuna for \"Santosham\", is wielding the megaphone for this film, which also has Meera Chopra playing an important role. Chandan Reddy is the producing the film under Kamakshi Movies banner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16620921", "title": "Three years on, Sipcot office renovation plan gathers dust", "text": "CHENNAI: A 2.84 crore project to renovate the head office of the State Industries Promotion Corporation of Tamil Nadu (Sipcot) is gathering dust with most officials, who were part of the project, now transferred or retired.Mosaic tiles and bundles of cable covered in dust greet visitors at the reception area on the ground floor of the office, even as the first floor of the building, where the chairman and managing director sits, wears a swanky look.In 2009, Sipcot floated a tender to revamp the interiors of its head office in Egmore and awarded to a private architect in the city. Three years on, the project has hit a dead-end with only few officials recalling the tender.Arjun Vijay Kumar, managing director of GA Architects which was awarded the tender, claims the building has a lot of electrical and fire safety issues.\"We showed them our plan to redesign the interiors, which was approved. We also engaged electrical consultants as the building had faulty wiring,\" said Arjun.\"The representatives of companies that are interested in investing in Tamil Nadu usually visits the head office first. If the interior is not impressive, it can put them off,\" he said.\"Now, with the escalating prices of commodities, what was then a 2.84 crore project will cost at least 4 to 5 crore,\" he said.When TOI asked SIPCOT's present general manager M Sambathkumar about the project, he said he was not aware of any such undertaking. \"I just joined a couple of months back. There might have been a renovation plan before. But I don't know anything about it,\" he said.Another senior official admitted that there had been a renovation plan in 2009 and a private architect had been engaged. \"But I don't know what happened after that. The building had wiring problems. So we did the essential and decided to complete the rest later. I don't know the status of the project now.\"Sipcot, a state government institution, was established in the 70's to catalyse industrial growth in the state. The organisation provides basic and comprehensive infrastructure facilities for small, medium and large scale industries to set up their units .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16620548", "title": "Assistant public relation officer picked up for questioning in granite scam", "text": "MADURAI: The police have picked up an assistant public relation officer (APRO) serving at Tiruvarur collector's office on Sunday, for questioning in connection with the granite scam. The APRO has been identified as a friend of Union minister M K Alagiri's son Durai Dhayanidhi.The APRO, Maheswaran, was picked up from his residence at Vilamal near Tiruvarur by a police team from Madurai and was brought here. Police are conducting an inquiry with Maheswaran to find the whereabouts of Durai Dhayanidhi Alagiri, who is wanted in connection with the multi-crore illegal granite quarrying scam.Maheswaran, a native of Madurai, was serving as APRO in the Tiruvarur collector's officer for more than a year.Police suspect that he might be privy to information about the whereabouts of Dhayanidhi. Police have formed 15 teams to arrest the accused in the scam including Dhayanidhi and have launched a nationwide hunt for him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16619204", "title": "Pal springs surprise; Sudha tops Indian women", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sudha Singh, 3000m steeplechase Asian Games gold medallist, lived up to pre-race billing by winning the Indian women's section in the Airtel Delhi Half Marathon on Sunday. Rahul Kumar Pal was the surprise winner in the Indian men's section.Sudha, who finished 17th overall, clocked 79.34 minutes, just ahead of Asian Games 3000m steeplechase silver medallist Kavita Raut. Kavita clocked 79.53 minutes, finishing 18th overall, followed by defending champion Lalita Babbar (80.47 minutes) in third place. Fresh from a foray at the London Olympics, Sudha came home in a slow time, way behind the course record of 77.12 minutes held by Kavita since 2008. The duo ran together for most of the race.\"It was hot and I did not have much practice for this kind of temperature. Kavita and I chose to stay together and in the end I made that extra effort which helped me win,\" Sudha said. \"I participated because I wanted to test my fitness levels. My next target is World Championship in Moscow next year and the 2014 Asian Games. So these races are basically a preparation for the future,\" Kavita said.Meanwhile, Lalita was a satisfied runner on Sunday. \"I am happy I could finish third. Kavita and Sudha were better runners.\"In the men's category, it was a matter of three seconds that separated the top finishers. Pal led the table with 66.12 minutes followed by Nitender Singh (66.14m) and Indrajeet Patel (66.15m). \"It's my second half marathon. I had only thought of putting up a good fight but had never thought I would win here,\" Rahul said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh ", "code": "16620032", "title": "Four sent to judicial custody", "text": "CHANDIGARH : Four accused of abduction have been sent to judicial custody on Sunday. The accused were identified as Harpreet Singh , Sahibjit Singh, Gurpartap and Harkamal Singh. The four had abducted and thrashed Manpreet Singh of Sector 48 following a minor dispute in market of Sector 36 on Saturday night.In his complaint to police, Manpreet alleged that the four accused bundled him inside a Bolero and took him to Mohali. The victim was rescued when someone informed the PCR and the jeep was intercepted at Mohali. Sector-36 police station SHO Bhupinder Singh said two accused are absconding and raids are being conducted to nab them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16623627", "title": "J&K;: Vodafone, Aircel equipment fail to meet security standards", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union Government has asked private telecom operators in Jammu and Kashmir to provide at the earliest a mechanism for fool-proof monitoring of internet traffic to the state especially that provided on the smartphones.This was conveyed to telecom operators after Department of Telecom found that monitoring equipment of at least two operators -- Vodafone and Aircel -- allegedly did not comply with standards thus creating problems for the security agencies, official sources said today.The security agencies want to monitor the internet traffic in the border state especially as rumours are floated and morphed pictures posted on the web by anti-national elements, the sources said.Vodafone declined to comment whereas Aircel said, \"We comply with the norms which have been laid by the Government and followed by all ISPs. Before starting our services, the Government has inspected and certified to start this service\".However, in a note prepared by Director (Access Service) P C Sharma, it was mentioned that while other telecom operators in Jammu and Kashmir had provided complete monitoring solution to internet especially on mobile phones, two operators -- Vodafone and Aircel -- \"had not complied with the requirement of installation of mobile internet traffic monitoring\".The note was submitted to Home Ministry for further action as deemed fit, the sources said, adding the security agencies had remarked that it was difficult to get real- time information from some of the telecom operators leading to failure of some of the operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16620577", "title": "34 dumper idols immersed in eco-friendly way", "text": "INDORE: Idols collected in 34 dumpers from different parts of the city were immersed in rainwater collected at Jawahar Tekadi on Sunday.Jawahar Mangwani, PWD in-charge of IMC said that the civic body had made arrangements at all important crossings, zonal offices of IMC and in different areas of the city for eco-friendly immersion in order to save water bodies from getting polluted. All the idols collected were immersed by following the religious rituals.Mayor Krishnamurari Moghe along with civic officials first performed pooja of all the idols and later immersed them one by one.\"With the support of people, we have been able to perform eco-friendly immersions for the past few years,\" said Moghe, adding that almost all the idols installed in city were immersed in eco-friendly way.Mayor, on the occasion, urged people to opt for idols made of soil and natural colour for Navratri.\"Idols made of Plaster of Paris and painted with chemical colours do not dissolve easily and leave behind silt in water bodies. Chemical colours used to paint the idols cause huge damage to ecology of water,\" said mayor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16623112", "title": "Employees of Kingfisher Airlines do not report for work", "text": "MUMBAI: A section of employees of Kingfisher Airlines have not been reporting to work over the last fortnight and over the past 2 days. They have been threatening and even manhandling the other employees who are reporting for work as usual. We are anticipating disruptions and/or delays of flights across our network on October 1, 2012 as it is likely that a section of employees of Kingfisher Airlines may not report to work due to such threats. With a view to mitigating the impact of these anticipated disruptions, we are proactively cancelling several flights across our network for October 1, 2012.We are monitoring the situation and continue to engage with this section of employees to seek reasons as such action is not only detrimental to the company but directly impacts the travelers and it will be our endeavour to resolve the situation and restore normal operations at the earliest.We deeply regret any inconvenience that may be caused to our valued guests on account of this unprecedented action by a small section of employees and we are doing our best to minimise the impact of these anticipated disruptions.Prakash Mirpuri Vice President - Corporate Communications Kingfisher Airlines Limited", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "16619890", "title": "Narmada waters bring sharp rise in incomes, finds study", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: A high-level study carried out by Hyderabad-based Institute for Resource Analysis and Policy has said that thanks the availability of Narmada waters, incomes of the farmers has substantially gone up in about six lakh hectares (ha) where canal waters have reached since 2007. Just submitted to the Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam Ltd (SSNNL), the study says that farmers who have shifted to cash crops have particularly gained. Their net incomes from cotton increased by Rs 70,977 per ha in Bharuch, Rs 69,399 per ha in Vadodara, and Rs 49,568 per ha in Panchmahal.From castor, an exceptionally high increase in net income was in Bharuch (Rs 94,279 per ha). From fennel grown in Mehsana, it was Rs 55,363 per ha, from cumin in Surendranagar, which was introduced after the arrival of canal water, the farmers started earning Rs 49,350 per ha on an average. But for foodgrains, the incomes didn't rise as much. \"From wheat, farmers secured a higher net return ranging from Rs 4,505 per ha in Panchmahal to Rs 15,052 in Vadodara.\"However, the study admits, \"The effect of inflation on net income is not factored in while estimating the income change\", even as claiming, \"The effect of inflation on change in net income from crops is not expected to be high, as the time lag between pre-Narmada and post-Narmada situations ranges from a minimum of two years in most locations.\"The study covers locations where the canal networking has been completed and waters reach fields by gravity, and also those (like in Mehsana, Ahmedabad and Surendranagar) where farmers siphon off water straight from the Narmada canal by sinking up to three km long pipelines.The study says that average per capita income of people in the Narmada command area, too, has gone up substantially. \"The largest increase was seen in Surendranagar (from Rs 65,526 to Rs 2.01 lakh), followed by Bharuch (from Rs 1.76 lakh to Rs 3.37 lakh), Mehsana (Rs 1.02 lakh to Rs 2.29 lakh), and Ahmedabad (Rs 1.19 to Rs 1.90 lakh)\", it says.The study argues, \"With increase in annual income from farming, the families have started spending more money on children's education. The expenditure on family nutrition has also increased substantially.\" It says, \"Literacy data from Census 2011 shows that districts which are already being served by Sardar Sarovar Narmada Project have recorded high decadal growth in literacy in comparison to the state figures.\"It adds, \"Between 2001 and 2011, literacy rate increased from 51% to 66% in Banaskantha, 60% to 73% in Narmada, 60% to 71.5% in Kutch, 61% to 72% in Panchmahal, 62% to 73% in Surendranagar, and 72% to 84% in Kheda district.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16618632", "title": "'Ideal' teacher, wife arrested in Pulgaon MMS scandal", "text": "NAGPUR: A sordid tale of the lure of easy money in porn film racket has shocked a small village in Mahatma Gandhi's preferred destination of Wardha. A reputed teacher and his wife were arrested by Pulgaon police earlier this month for preparing and circulating a sleazy 13.13 minute clip involving a beautician, who was a family friend.Accused Rajendra Thakur, a post graduate in arts and a teacher of sound reputation, has been suspended. He was a teacher at a primary school at Sorta village in Arvi taluka, around 105km from Nagpur. Apart from him, half-a-dozen other teachers from the taluka are also being investigated. A local source claimed that a racket of making porn films, involving teachers, is active in Pulgaon and adjoining areas, with clips of female teachers being circulated.Pulgaon police have recorded statements of other teachers too for possessing the clip made by Thakur. Cops suspect that Thakur's colleagues too have exploited some of the women on the clips. Police have seized mobile phones from some teachers and have sent them to Hyderabad for advanced forensic tests. Offences may be registered against the other teachers.However, sources in the taluka also claim the cops are going slow in the case.Thakur, winner of the ideal teacher award from the district administration, had an illicit relation with Naina (name changed) for a couple of years. Police say that while Thakur was filming his sexual acts with Naina in his room, wife Jyoti was keeping guard outside. Later, the teacher and his wife watched the clips together. Thakur is also learnt to have sold the clips to a porn racket at Hyderabad.The matter came to fore when the clip of Thakur and Naina in explicit acts was seen by his nephew while creating a video clip on Jyoti's birthday. Naina had then allegedly threatened to commit suicide if the incident became public.Naina's behaviour in the 13-minute clip has raised some doubts about her consent to the filming. She can be seen pointing at the camera positioned high above and focused at the bed after the two finished their sexual act.Naina is married to a farmer and has two children. Thakur's wife Jyoti told the police that he had been continuing his relations with Naina despite her protests. Thakur, on the other hand, said his wife also enjoyed his clips with Naina.Senior police inspector Chandrakant Dorke of Pulgaon police said Thakur and Jyoti were arrested from Yavatmal. \"Thakur was in police custody for seven days while Jyoti was in the remand for a day. We are trying to find out how many people are involved in it. Thakur claims to have sold the clip in Hyderabad, but we are probing how and why other teachers received the clip,\" he said. It is learnt that a social worker had first given the clip to the police for action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16620989", "title": "Australia to launch label-free visas from October 1", "text": "CHENNAI: Australia will introduce label-free electronic visas for Indian travellers from October 1. Travellers will no longer need to stick a visa label on their passports. Instead they will have to do an electronic verification at the time of check-in.\"People planning to visit Australia will need to apply for a visa but they will no longer need to include their passport with their application. The day their visa is granted, travellers will receive an electronic visa grant letter that will explain all the conditions of their visa\", said Peter Varghese, the Australian high commissioner to India.\"This new set up will reduce processing time and travellers will not have to wait for their passport to be returned to them by courier,\" he said.Label-free travel is not only simpler but it is also secure. Unlike a label, which can be misread or tampered, electronic verification confirms the real-time status of a person's visa. For example, electronic verification will not proceed if a visa has been cancelled for some reason.\"The decision to introduce label-free travel has been welcomed by the Indian government, airlines and education agents,\" said Peter Varghese.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16618808", "title": "European diplomat accused of stealing sculptor's iPhone in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Some Indian diplomats have grabbed the headlines recently for wife-beating and misbehaving with flight attendants after getting drunk, but are their European counterparts any better?Consider the case of a European diplomat, who allegedly stole an iPhone from a gathering in a five-star hotel recently. The cellphone was later recovered from a woman, also a foreign national and a close friend of the diplomat.The diplomat, who belongs to a west European nation and of Indian origin, threatened to invoke diplomatic immunity when the phone was traced to him by Delhi Police. It was only when he was categorically told that the matter would be taken up with his government through the ministry of external affairs and that theft charges would be pressed against him that he relented and returned the phone.The phone belonged to well-known Italian sculptor Simona Bocchi, who has been based in Udaipur for the past few years. She had come to Delhi for the display of her work at the Italian Embassy.The day she lost her phone, Bocchi had visited gatherings for artists at Taj Mansingh and Hyatt hotels. She informed the police about her loss, saying that the phone could have gone missing from either of the two hotels.IMEI, receipt led to phoneWhile the phone's SIM card was not in use, the police still managed to trace the device, thanks to its IMEI number, to the diplomat's close friend. She was found to be using the phone with a separate SIM card. She also revealed that the phone had been given to her by the diplomat, who lives in south Delhi.Initially, the diplomat denied outright that the phone could have belonged to any other person. When confronted with the phone's sale receipt, which Bocchi still had with her, the diplomat claimed that he had bought the phone from Khan Market. However, he could not identify the seller. \"In any case, Khan Market is not a place where stolen goods are easily available,\" said a source.Then, the diplomat went on to explain the virtues of diplomatic immunity and how he could not be questioned, let alone booked. It was only the threat of taking up the matter with his government through MEA \u2014 accusing him of having stolen the phone \u2014 that led him to change his mind and return the phone. The diplomat did not reveal though exactly how he managed to lay his hands on the cellphone. For Bocchi, who got back her phone on Saturday, it has been a pleasant surprise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16619568", "title": "Chronic diseases haunt Indians over 50", "text": "NEW DELHI: This should serve as a wake-up call for India's 50 plus club, who face a serious risk for chronic diseases. A prevalence of risk factors study by the World Health Organization (WHO) conducted this year among males and females aged 50 or older across six countries, including India, has some worrying findings for Indians.According to the Study on Global Ageing an Adult Health (SAGE), 87.9% men and 93.5% women in this age group have insufficient nutrition intake, while 24% men and 26% women have low physical activity.Around one in four men and equal number of women suffer from high blood pressure. Nearly 63% men and 30% women are daily smokers.Almost three in four men aged 50 and above and over four in five women have high risk waist hip ratio or abdominal obesity that greatly increases cardiovascular disease risk.Nearly 1.3% males in the age group above 50 are obese. The case is worse for Indian women since 3% of them obese, according to United Nations Population Fund's (UNFPA) report on \"Ageing in the 21st century\" to be released on Monday.\"Risk factors for chronic diseases (such as smoking) vary by country. For example, 63% of men over 50 in India smoke, compared with only 11% in Ghana. In China, 51% of women over 50 have high blood pressure, compared with 27% in India. The biggest underlying risk factor for chronic disease in older people is high blood pressure, which can explain 12 to 19% of the total burden of disease in developing countries,\" says the UN report. India has around 90 million elderly and the figure is expected to increase to 315 million constituting 20% of the total population by 2050.What should further wake up the Indian 50 plus age group club is a separate Indian study that confirms a steep out-of- pocket expenditure to pay health bills.The study has been conducted jointly by UNFPA, Institute for Social and Economic Change (Bangalore), the Institute for Economic Growth (New Delhi) and the Tata Institute of Social Sciences (Mumbai) in seven states having a higher proportion of elderly population \u2014 Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Maharashtra, Orissa, West Bengal, Punjab and Himachal Pradesh.Among those who were hospitalized (9%) in India, they spent 10 days of hospital admission on an average per episode and spent over Rs 8,800 on consultation, medicines and diagnostics.In the case of out-patient treatment, the average expenditure was about Rs 1,230.An elderly also spends Rs 500 every month towards medicines. Only 24% of the elderly go for general health check-ups spending about Rs 600 for each check-up.Around 75% of the elderly live in rural areas of which over 48% are women and of this, 55% are widows. Nearly three out of five single older women are very poor and two out of three rural elderly are fully dependent. Additionally, there is an increasing proportion of elderly at 80+ ages and is more pronounced among women.The report says, \"The overwhelming burden of disease in older persons is from non-communicable diseases (NCDs). Ischaemic heart disease, stroke and chronic lung disease are the biggest killers. Visual and hearing impairment, dementia and osteoarthritis are the main causes of disability. These diseases affect older persons in developing countries far more than in the developed world.\"It adds, \"Older people in developing countries lose five times as many years from chronic lung disease and twice as many from stroke as in developed countries. This disparity is even greater for the poorest countries compared with the richest. Older people in developing countries also carry almost three times the burden of visual impairment as those in the developed world.\"The study also found that about 65% of elderly suffer from a chronic ailment of which arthritis/rheumatism, hypertension, cataract and diabetes are most prevalent, in that order. About one-third of the elderly suffer from two or more chronic ailments simultaneously.Morbidity levels tend to be higher among females across all age groups of elderly.Babatunde Osotimehin, executive director of UNFPA, says, \"With one in nine persons in the world aged 60 years or over, projected to increase to one in five by 2050, population ageing is a phenomenon that we can no longer ignore. Increasing longevity is one of humanity's greatest achievements. Indeed, population ageing is cause for celebration.\"According to the Study on Global Ageing an Adult Health (SAGE), 87.9% men and 93.5% women in this age group have insufficient nutrition intake, while 24% men and 26% women have low physical activity.Around one in four men and equal number of women suffer from high blood pressure. Nearly 63% men and 30% women are daily smokers.Almost three in four men aged 50 and above and over four in five women have high risk waist hip ratio or abdominal obesity that greatly increases cardiovascular disease risk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "theni", "code": "16620525", "title": "Country bomb explodes outside Tasmac outlet in Theni", "text": "THENI: A country bomb exploded in front of a Tasmac outlet in Theni creating panic in the town on Saturday night.One person was injured in the explosion and hospitalised. Police are yet to identify the culprits and are investigating the source of the explosive. However, police said that the bomb appears to have exploded accidently in front of the Tasmac outlet. \"The intention of the culprits would be known only after they are arrested. It appears like the bomb exploded there accidentally. But we are also not ruling out the possibility of the bomb being planted there with a specific target in mind,'' said a police officer.The explosion occurred at around 7pm on Saturday in front of the wine shop near a bridge on Cumbum Road in the proximity of the Theni bus stand. Sivakumar, a native of Allinagaram, who was coming out of the liquor outlet suffered injuries in the blast. Panicked tipplers from the outlet rushed out after hearing the noise. They put off the fire caused by the explosion and rushed Sivakumar to Theni medical college hospital. Sivakumar was hit on the head by shrapnel from the bomb.As information spread about the explosion, a large number of people from the locality gathered in front of the liquor outlet hindering traffic on the Theni - Cumbum Road.SP Praveen Kumar Abhinapu and other senior police officials visited the spot and conducted inquiries. Bits and pieces of the exploded country bomb were recovered from nearby shops by forensic personnel.\"We are yet to identify the culprits behind the blast. We are inquiring with people in the locality for information on the suspects,'' said the police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16619400", "title": "Madhya Pradesh Congress tense as ex-minister meets central leaders", "text": "BHOPAL: Former minister and veteran Congressman Mahesh Joshi's recent visit to 24, Akbar Road has created a flutter in the state party headquarters here. Sources in the Congress party claim that Joshi met central leaders demanding a change in the present leadership in the state PCC. One year to the next assembly polls, Mahesh Joshi tried to convince leaders in New Delhi that the party needs a drastic change in the leadership if it wants to come back to power after a ten-year gap.Joshi, the erstwhile minister for housing in the Motilal Vohra Congress government, visited New Delhi last week and met Central leaders from the state including Union ministers Jyotiraditya Scindia, Kamal Nath , former PCC chief Suresh Pachauri, Rajya Sabha MP Satyavrat Chaturvedi and national party treasurer Motilal Vohra.Sources in the party said that Joshi has been trying to garner support for the ouster of state PCC president Kantilal Bhuria , known to belong to the AICC general secretary Digvijay Singh faction. This is perhaps the reason why Joshi did not meet AICC general secretary and former chief minister Digvijay Singh during his appointments with party leaders. Bhuria took charge as PCC chief in April 2011 after which the party's performance in bypolls and municipal elections has been dismal.When TOI contacted Joshi and asked if he was demanding a change in the PCC leadership, the former minister said: When I met central leaders in New Delhi, we obviously did not discuss the weather. The politics of the state was discussed but what exactly was the conversation will not be revealed by me outside the party platform.''Joshi admitted he met all the central leaders from the state, except for Digvijay Singh. He added: I sought time and met most of the leaders. However, I could not meet Digvijay Singh because he was unwell. But I call on him regularly whenever he is in the state and in Indore city.''He further explained that the party needs to be serious about coming back to power in the state keeping its workers in mind. The worker who struggles for the party at the grassroots does not know power politics. In the past ten years of BJP rule, our workers have faced humiliation with every successive defeat at the hands of the ruling BJP. It is time to gather all the strength we have and contest the next elections so that our workers can get back their honour,'' Joshi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16620036", "title": "3.2% dip in sale of four-wheelers in Patna", "text": "PATNA: In line with the national trend of lower four-wheeler sales in August this year compared to the corresponding month last year, the state capital has also witnessed a fall in their sales. However, local vehicle dealers hope that this will prove a blip in the trend of growing sales.According to the figures provided by the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM), there has been about a 19% dip in four-wheeler sales in the country in August this year. In the state capital, however, the fall in sales has been much more muted at 3.2%.\"In 2011, altogether 1,071 four-wheelers (cars and jeeps) were registered at the district transport office (DTO), Patna, in August, but this year, in the same month, this number has fallen to 990,\" said Dinesh Kumar Rai, district transport officer, Patna.Various four-wheeler showroom owners attribute the dip in sales to 'Kharmas' season. Narendra Kumar, director of a Maruti showroom located at Rajapur, explained, \"Kharmas is considered an unauspicious time to buy anything. %Even otherwise, vehicle sales in August is low. Last year, we had sold over 300 cars during this month, but this year it has gone down to around 240.\"But if the sale figures over a broad period are taken into account, the craze for four-wheelers does not seem to have gone down in the state. Compared to last year, the number of four-wheelers (cars and jeeps) registered in Patna district has increased by 7.2% this year.According to the data available at DTO, Patna, as many as 15,250 four-wheelers were registered between September 2010 and August 2011, while between September 2011 and August 2012 this number swelled to 15,546.Apparently, a jam-packed city, increased registration cost which is two per cent for vehicles costing above Rs 4 lakh and one per cent for vehicles priced below Rs 4 lakh, an increase of one per cent in VAT and even fuel price hike have failed to impact the sales.Utility vehicles (UVs) continue to be in good demand. While there is a dip of 141 in the number of cars registered at DTO in August this year compared to last year, the number of UVs registered increased by 60 units.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16620738", "title": "Chennai\u2019s family courts grapple with poorly qualified counsellors", "text": "CHENNAI: Every scar on 32-year-old Veena's* body tells a story. When the mother of two approached a family court in the city to seek a divorce from her abusive husband, she was referred to a counsellor who advised her to go back to her tormentor and come to terms with the situation.\"The counsellor made me feel like I had done something wrong. He even scared my children, saying I was trying to wash my hands of them. I was forced to seek help from outside,\" said Veena, who finally went ahead with the divorce last year after her husband was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder.Her case illustrates the shortage of qualified counsellors to deal with marital discord. At present, the four family courts here, which handle about 70 cases a day, have eight counselors, and none of them, say court sources, has a background in psychology.\"While one is a retired bank manager, the other is a class 12 pass-out and a third a post-graduate diploma holder in mechanical engineering,\" said a judicial officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16621574", "title": "Deputy commissioners' failure to act on illegal land transaction irks divisional commissioner", "text": "HAZARIBAG: North Chotanagpur Division commissioner Nitin Madan Kulkarni has expressed dissatisfaction over the delay in taking action against illegal transaction and settlement of several hundred acres of prime land in Hazaribag district despite his orders to the officials concerned. The commissioner said he had already written to the state government about the attitude of some of the DCs for not taking prompt action in this regard.Kulkarni had had written to the deputy commissioners of Hazaribag, Giridih, Dhanbad, Ramgarh, Bokaro and Koderma over six month back asking them to find out whether government land were illegally sold and purchased and whether action was taken against those involved in the illegal transactions in wake of similar instructions issued by the state revenue department.Despite three reminders, Hazaribag DC Manish Ranjan made inquiries with regard to five to six cases against the 14 special cases in which large number of irregularities had been detected.He said in all six reports the land settlement have been cancelled. These included Sanjivani Buildicon in Dhengura, Police Training College, Mangalam Residency complex, St Stephens School in Hazaribag town and others.Ranjan said, \"We are complying with the orders of the commissioner but the district administration is facing problems owing to shortage of some senior officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16619247", "title": "The Strength of Conviction", "text": "PANAJI: The latest addition to India's growing constellation of art hubs may just be Aguada Central Jail. A group of prisoners there have turned artists and appear to be displaying abilities that would hold their own even against art graduates.But these inmates are also graduates, after a fashion, of an ambitious prison art programme launched in 2009 called Blue Shores. A motley group-a majority of which is made up of lifers-was preselected for the art programme and asked to participate in the creative processes laid out by instructors.The programme is a four-year one with a fairly extensive arts syllabus that includes courses in painting, performance art and creative writing, all of which are conducted at the jail, which is located right by the Mandovi river in Goa's Sinquerim. Blue Shores was co-founded by abstract painter and theorist Swatee Nair in association with novelist and curator Margaret Mascarenhas.\"The measure of the prison artists' talent lies in the ability to create objects of aesthetic value out of severely limited resources, but primarily out of the impecunious conditions of the prison and the compromised raw material of the artist's own life story,\" Mascarenhas tells TOI. The co-founders point out how the grim and unfortunate realities of prison life-boredom, the desire to escape, the oppressiveness of the jail cell-may also be enabling. \"We have seen their worlds expand through their imaginations beyond the cramped quarters, limited light and narrow vistas of their prison cells. We have seen how artistic expression can emerge in this most restrictive of environments,\" says Mascarenhas.Works from the programme have even been exhibited. In December 2010 one such exhibition was held at 'Sunaparanta - Goa Centre for the Arts' and was inaugurated by retired cop Julio Ribeiro. It included paintings on paper and canvas and a video installation called Becoming Blue. It was a charity event with all proceeds going to the Caritas Centre, Goa, which looks after homeless children with HIV.The project was initially seed-funded by Sunaparanta, where Mascarenhas was director, when she was approached by Nair with the idea. The two had to provide documentation on global prison art projects around the world to Goa's inspector general of prisons, who turned out to be receptive and helpful. Funding also came from former National Gallery of Modern Art (NGMA) director Saryu Doshi through her family's charity foundation.Mascarenhas and Nair were also inspired to develop content by international artist Liz Kemp, who sent them material on the Barlinnie prison art programme in Scotland.A story of how the character of Valmiki in Balmiki Pratibha, a musical drama by Rabindranath Tagore, transformed a hardened convict from Kolkata into a top performer was used to introduce performance art to the class at the Goa jail by artist and dancer Crisologo Furtado. Since the class included men with varying levels of literacy, who spoke different languages, innovative ways to help them express themselves in words had to be developed.\"Naturally these men were not keen on full disclosure, openly discussing feelings or appearing vulnerable neither to us nor to their fellow inmates. Therefore, we worked predominantly on journaling and the study of metaphor-how to use words on paper like paint on a canvas. We called the class Word Art,\" says Mascarenhas.A typical week's schedule for participants entails producing one painting and one piece of writing and working on individual and collective body movement. The first year's syllabus was all about free expression; this year, the inmates are concentrating on memory in painting, memoir writing and script development for performance art.\"We treat each participant like a clean slate. Whatever these inmates may be outside the class, in class they have been model students, making an effort to be present and engaged even if they are unwell or depressed. One result is a breakdown of jail hierarchies in a mixed group of participants, where the inmates have to some degree bonded,\" says Mascarenhas.She and Nair are now in talks with the department of art and culture on how the model can be carried forward.\"This is an unforgettable experience because it gives us the chance to be busy while in custody and a great way to express our feelings and emotions on paper through colours,\" says Ritesh, an inmate, as he looks forward to this year's exhibition in November at Sunaparanta. The art classes, it seems, are brightening up the inmates' lives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16620342", "title": "Malaria Bites Ludhiana", "text": "LUDHIANA: With around 120 malaria cases being reported from July to September 28, anxiety among city residents about catching the disease is rising.However the health department says there is nothing to worry about as the cases are less as compared to 2011, when the number in this period stood at 200, while adding that they had taken measures well in advance.Dr Anil Verma, an epidemiologist at the civil surgeon's hospital said, \"Last year there were around 200 cases of malaria till this time. However this year the problem seems to be less severe as around 120 such cases have been reported in the same period.\"He added that the malaria cases normally come from high risk areas like Sherpur, Tajpur, Jodhewal, Jamalpur, Shivpuri, Haibowal Kalan, Sunet and Shimlapuri. Dr Subhash Batta, civil surgeon, said, \"This year, till now, the number of cases is less than last year. This is because of the fact that we started advance preventive measures including fogging in areas prone to it, destruction of larvae in coolers, besides pots where water normally accumulates. However, even though the cases are less, we are constantly monitoring the situation.\" Dr Sandeep Puri, head of the department of Medicine of Dayanand Medical College and Hospital that receives the maximum malaria cases in the city, said, \"Last year dengue cases were more, so the malaria cases were not recognized to be large. However this time around since the number of dengue cases is less, malaria cases are also being seen to be more.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "16620714", "title": "Minister's son hospitalized with burns", "text": "NADIA: The son of state horticulture and food processing minister Ujjwal Biswas was admitted to a private hospital in Kolkata with serious burn injuries early on Sunday morning. In the process of trying to save his son Sayan, Biswas also sustained minor injuries.The fire broke out at around 1.30am at the minister's home in Krishnagar on Sunday, leaving Sayan seriously injured. He was taken to Shaktinagar district hospital and later referred to a Kolkata hospital. Debabrata Dutta, superintendent of Shaktinagar district hospital, said, \"The minister's son was admitted here with serious burn injuries and referred to Kolkata.\"Sources in the Trinamool said Sayan's condition was very criticall and is under treatment at a private hospital in Kolkata. The cause of the fire is not yet known. , Nadia additional SPArindam Datta Chowdhury said, \"We heard it's a case of suicide.\"Sayan Biswas, 22, son of State Horticulture and Food Processing minister Ujjwal Biswas was seriously injured when he was caught with fire early on Sunday morning. His father who tried to save him also received a little burn injury. It happened in Sayan's room at about 1:30 a.m. in minister's Krishnagar's home in Nadia. Sayan was rushed to Shaktinagar District Hospital in Krishnagar. Soon he was referred to a private hospital in Kolkata (APPOLO HOSPITAL).Debabrata Dutta, Super of Shaktinagar District Hospital said, \"Minister's son Sayan Biswas was admitted here with serious burn injury and referred to Kolkata.\"Trinamool Congress party sources stated that Sayan was very critical and under treatment in ICU in a private hospital in Kolkata.Sources said, a personal issue (affair) which has created unrest in the family led Sayan to attempt to commit suicide. He poured petrol on himself to set on fire, the sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "kishanganj", "code": "16620106", "title": "CM inspects ONGC drilling site", "text": "KISHANGANJ: Chief minister Nitish Kumar, despite his tight schedule, took time off to visit the Oil Natural Gas Commission (ONGC) drilling site at Rasulganj under Kochadhaman block in Kishanganj district on Sunday.ONGC CMD Sudhir Vasudeva took the CM around the installation and explained the ONGC operation. Director (Exploration) S V Rao and GGM -Basin ( MBA Basin) A K Dwivedi also accompanied the CM. The ONGC began work on the exploratory well at Rasulganj on August 16 this year marking the drilling activities in the state of Bihar after a gap of over three decades, said ONGC officials.The target depth of the well is 4,200 M with the objective of exploring hydrocarbon potential of lower Gondwara sendiments. The block was awarded to the ONGC under the NELP-VI Round in 2007, sources said. \"This is the first exploratory well taken up for drilling on-land block under NELP regime by ONGC in Bihar,\" ONGC spokesperson Sonali Dutta said.The ONGC plans to drill two wells in the first phase of its exploration programme in Purnia NLEP-block. Purnia NLEP block measuring 2537 sq kilometer covers the districts of Purnia, Kishanganj, Katihar and Araria, sources said. The ONGC began its 2-D seismic survey in Purnia NLEP block on November 17, 2007, which was flagged off by CM Nitish Kumar.However, this was followed by more detailed 3-D seismic survey, and has so far covered 610 square km. The inputs of the survey has propelled the ONGC to go for drilling of two exploratory wells in Purnia NLEP in the first phase. The availability of the commercially viable hydrocarbon reserve will be determined only on the completion of the drilling operations, the sources said. The ONGC first took the exploratory drilling in Purnia basin in 1964 followed by another such exercise in Karandighi during 1989-90 and then at Lahil in 1990-91.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16619825", "title": "Scuffle over eve-teasing", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A suspected eve-teasing got two groups to blows on Sunday evening as a team of Vastrapur police rushed to the spot and settled the matter. Officials said that no complaint has been filed.The incident took place at a popular ice-cream parlour on SG Road at 7.30 pm when a group of youths came for a quick bite. Soon after, a group of boys came there and sat near the first group and allegedly passed comments about one of the girls in the first group.\"The matter got worse when the girl threatened to commit suicide. One of the youths called up police control room. The cops later resolve the matter,\" said a police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16621212", "title": "Kavita second in Delhi Half Marathon", "text": "NASHIK: The return of half marathon queen Kavita Raut after a hiatus of three years three year's hiatus since 2009was awaited with bated breath in the athletic circle. But as she took part after a long gap she could not rise up to the expectations at Delhi Half Marathon.She finished second in the women's half marathon at Delhi, after after the newly crownedArjuna awardee Sudha Singhin the Delhi half marathon among the Indian women. Kavita clocked a not so satisfactory timing of 1.19.54.Kavita said she was disappointed with herselfShe herself was disappointed at her own show, \"I am not at all happy with my performance, but I am sure I will pick up in the coming events. There is no problem with my rhythm. The only problem is the long lay-off I took after the Olympic qualifying matches,\" she said. Coach Veejendra Singh said, \"I did not expect Kavita to win as the field was very open but the good news is she was able to finish at the podium.\"Another long-distance runner from Nashik from whom the people were expecting a good show wasMonika Athare, was a hopeful contender, but due to ill-health she was unable to perform as per expectations. Both Kavita and Monika train at the SAI Athletic Centre, Bhosala Military School. twice a day under the watchful and expert eyes of the coach Veejendra Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16600324", "title": "How men are coping up with their marriages", "text": "We've heard the woman's side; but how do men wrestle with the challenges of a modern marriage?If you ask Minty Tejpal, the author of The Last Love Letter, about the secret of a happy marriage, he'd say it remains a secret. In his new book, Tejpal, who is twice divorced and based in Mumbai with two children who live in Delhi, narrates a story \"liberally borrowed\" from his own, questioning the institution of marriage from a man's perspective and asking the reader to re-assess the concept of love and marriage.Tejpal says a man's biggest challenge in the 21st century marriage is to fit into the painfully long checklist of expectations. \"There are just too many of them,\" he says. \"The husband is expected to be a multifaceted artiste who must take on several roles \u2014 provider, protector, driver, events planner, techie, troubleshooter, sexual partner, kids' teacher, holiday planner and art, music or film enthusiast, etc. The conflict over such expectations makes situations go awry.\" opportunities for both sexes to meet new, interesting people are fuelling sexual infidelity among married couples. Women can afford to tell their partner 'Get lost' and walk out. Even my mother jokes that if she had so many options back in the day, she would have walked out on my father after a bitter fight.\" Bhonsle agrees, and adds that this overwhelming exposure is making us grow very fast, \"But with time, couples, at an individual level, grow differently. One day, they realise that they have also grown apart.\"He cites an unfortunate instance of a couple he consulted. \"High school sweethearts, they married after completing their MBA together,\" he shares. \"She then went to UK for a year \u2014 the first time they lived apart. When she returned, she headed straight to the family court seeking divorce. She told me she had nothing against him, but had 'grown out of him'. She didn't know there was this huge world beyond him and them. This may be an extreme example but is symptomatic of the times we live in.\"Compatibility test Marriage counsellor and sexologist Dr Rajan Bhonsle says men often fail to manage the situation and end up blaming the wife or the institution. \"The most common phrase I have heard from troubled, married couples is: I wish I had known this before,\" says Bhonsle.\"The biggest problem ailing us is that a couple doesn't verify the most elementary criteria \u2014 compatibility. In Marathi, there's a saying about how we check all sides of even an earthen pot before buying it, and yet we don't fully 'check' the partner with whom we will share our entire lives.\"Tejpal, who has been a media professional, says, \"As individuals, we are constantly connected to the world through Internet, social networking and unprecedented exposure through TV. Everybody aspires for a better life, a new house, a new car and bigger, better versions of things they own.Pandora's box of options The modern, urban lifestyle's fallout of joint families breaking into nuclear families with no immediate support system has caused marriages most damage, feels Tejpal. \"I had never imagined in my teens that I would get divorced, let alone twice over. I'm the first child in my large family to get divorced. Earlier, couples stuck together despite upheavals. But today, your nana-nani, dada-dadi aren't around you to lighten up the pressure cooker scenario,\" he says. \"When a couple scraps, there's nobody to instantly tend to those wounds which only fester over time. Even well-meaning friends end up pitting couples against each other because nobody wants to take a step back.\"To highlight the grim state of modern marriages, Bhonsle shares an amusing statistic, as collected from family courts across India \u2014 in 1981, about 3 to 5 per cent marriages failed. In 2008, it was about 13-15 per cent. Bhonsle says that the modern man must think differently. \"Today's woman sees how the world moves and doesn't want to waste time on a marriage or a relationship that's inhibiting her from living her life,\" he says. \"The current generation of husbands has grown up seeing their mothers, who are very different from the modern woman. You can't expect your wife to be like your mother anymore because she is brought up and has grown up differently.\"Label reversal Marriage counsellor and psychotherapist Dr Sanjoy Mukerji says that in conservative families, the man still gets sandwiched between his wife and his mother. \"Saas-bahu serials may be exaggerated but aren't off the mark. Of the marital discords I deal with, 75 per cent is saasbahu acrimony and the husband battling labels such as mommy's boy or henpecked husband.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "16620322", "title": "Heritage sites in Mala will be protected: Prathapan", "text": "THRISSUR: In a bid to allay fears that a planned tourism project will harm Jewish sites in Mala, Kodungallur MLA T N Prathapan has assured that the heritage property will be protected.The lawmaker said a final decision on the project was yet to be made. The project, he said, will not harm the heritage sites.The Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (Intach) has been protesting the implementation of the tourism project, claiming that it would harm the Jewish cemetery and synagogue.Intach, Pratapan told reporters, is an organization of a few people, and anyone can form such an outfit. The non-profit organization was founded by former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi in 1984.It accused the Mala panchayat of violating the 1955 agreement with Jewish families, who had handed over more than 4.5 acres to the civic body. The agreement, Intach claimed, mandated the panchayat to protect the property.The panchayat constructed a Nehru memorial on three acres of the cemetery, Intach alleged. The synagogue was converted into a community hall, and a shopping complex was also set up there. Prathapan has been accused of planning a Rs 61 lakh park in the cemetery, where only three tombs remain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "16620383", "title": "Married off young, girls chart new path in Barmer village", "text": "JAISALMER: A little known village in Barmer district has shown that education is the way to empowerment and marriage should not deny a girl from achieving it.Girls in Sarnu village, after marriage, have once again taken up studies and go to school. Some of them were married off at a very young age almost a decade ago.Once deeply rooted in illiteracy and archaic social mores, the village elders have slowly but surely learnt the importance of educating the girl child and today encourage their daughters-in-law to pursue studies.Girls going to school with vermillion on their foreheads is a common sight in this village. The village stands out for taking such an initiative as Barmer district has one of the lowest female literacy rates in the state.At the village senior secondary school, of the 560 students enrolled around 230 are girls, among whom several are married. Many of these girls are studying in Classes 11 and 12, and after school want to pursue higher education.Girls like Mehro, Shanti and Umi said their families now understand the value of education. \"Our in-laws also support and encourage us to study further,\" one of the girls said.Some of them didn't have it easy to persuade their families to allow them to study after marriage. A good scorecard and encouragement from the teachers helped. \"These girls had shown an interest in studies and we didn't stop them from coming to school. Some of them are doing very well in their classes,\" said Dungararam, senior headmaster at the school.Social worker Mangilal Sharma said villagers are keen to see their daughters as well as daughters-in-law pursue education. \"Villagers now want to put an end to the practice of child marriage,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16623970", "title": "Top five tax payers of B \u2013 Town", "text": "Films, ads, promotions, events, controversies but there is something else too that makes these B -Town celeb 'most talked about' and that is the tax they pay.Here is a look at Top five tax payers of B - TownSalman Khan After making a humongous profit worth 198 crores approx for Ek Tha Tiger and being the profit sharing partner for the movie, Salman Khan emerged as the new King Khan of B- Town this year. Salman has filed an advance tax of 8 crore which has beaten his last year's tax payment of 5 crores. With movies like Dabangg 2 set for his last release this year, we expect to see the amount filed increasing next year.Akshay Kumar With movies like Housefull and Rowdy Rathore joining the 100 cr club, we surely expected Khiladi Kumar to land at number two on the highest tax payers of B -Town list. Akshay Kumar has filed an advance tax of amount 7.5 crores for. He was at par with Salman last year with 5 crores being paid as tax.Shah Rukh Khan His film Ra-One must have bombed at the box office but he still charges bombs for his ad shoots a day. Our sources tell us that King Khan charges 3 crores a day for ad shoots. Although this year he did not come up with any huge box office success, he has filed an advance tax of 5 crores.Amitabh Bachchan Having signed a 100 crore deal for a quiz show, for the next three seasons, Big B has become one of the highest paid anchor on TV. Big B has filed advance tax of 5 crores which is four times higher than his last year's amount, 1.4 crores.Katrina Kaif With her movies like Ek Tha Tiger making huge profits, we are not startled to see Katrina in this list of highest tax payers. With an advance tax amount of 2.26 crores files Katrina has become the highest tax payer among B - Town actresses. She is followed by the 'Heroine' of B -Town, Kareena who has filed an advance tax of 2.20 crores.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "sydney", "code": "16623435", "title": "10-year old kids falling prey to sexting in Australia", "text": "SYDNEY: Hundreds of children are seeking crisis counseling every month after having sexually explicit images of them or their friends sent via internet or mobile phone.As State Parliament reviews Victoria's so-called ''sexting'' laws, figures from Kids Helpline reveal that children as young as 10 are increasingly turning to the free counseling service in a bid to cope.The group said that between January and March this year, about 500 counseling sessions were offered to children and teenagers who called the service with ''sexting-related concerns''.According to the Age, a survey by the organisation also found that of 1121 young people, about 40 per cent admitted to being involved in sexting behaviour.Experts admit the snapshot is not definitive, without enough longitudinal data, many agree it is hard to know exactly how prevalent sexting has become.But John Dalgleish, strategy and research manager of BoysTown, which runs Kids Helpline, said: ''What we do know is that it is occurring and for some young people it is having a very significant impact on their emotional wellbeing. We need to look at better ways of diverting them from that behaviour, and educating and supporting them in relation to the risks involved.''The latest snapshot comes as State Parliament's Law Reform Committee reviews the laws that cover sexting in Victoria . The review was sparked after The Sunday Age revealed last year that teenagers caught with raunchy images of girls had been charged with child pornography offences and placed on the sex offender register, which can mean grave consequences for the rest of their lives.Commonwealth law is designed to target adults who sexually exploit children, but it also technically applies to interactions between young people, including those who send explicit digital images.In a submission to the inquiry, the government's child safety commissioner, Bernie Geary, said existing laws ought to be changed.Dalgleish agreed, saying that children who took images of themselves needed better education, not legal sanctions, which should only apply to people who disseminated images or coerced or blackmailed their victims into supplying images, the report added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16618647", "title": "Wife's Rs 3 lakh 'supari' for husband's murder", "text": "NAGPUR: A farmer's murder, earlier thought to be a fallout of a dispute over property, turned out to be a shocking incident of contract killing where the victim's wife allegedly offered Rs three lakh to her paramour to get her husband killed.Kuhi police has arrested five persons, including the woman and her paramour, for the murder of Namdeo Padole. Rs 1.70 lakh was paid to the assailants as an advance.Namdeo's body was found with 28 stab injuries at Sawali village on September 26. Initially, the property dispute was thought to be the motive behind the murder because Namdeo's body was found on the land which belonged to someone else.Kuhi residents said that Namdeo was planning to take over the land for tilling. Apart from the Kuhi police, the local crime branch (LCB) too had started investigating the case.Sub-inspector Arvind Saraf of LCB said that Namdeo's wife Kanta's nonchalant expression was surprising. \"Kanta had frequent tiffs with Namdeo. He had suspected her of having an extra marital affair,\" said Saraf.Apart from Kanta, police arrested her beau Parmeshwar Dhande and the other accused Pradeep Shravankar, Piyush Jhangre and Vishal Bamnode.Jhangre and Bamnode, who have criminal records, were roped in for the murder from Ramtek. Shravankar acted as the middle man.Before getting married to Namdeo, Kanta was in relationship with Dhande, who owns property in Mouda. Kanta's father Mahadeo Karamode worked under Dhande. It was Kanta's eldest brother-in-law who objected to her affair with Dhande.After tying the knot, Kanta continued her relationship with Dhande. When Kanta refused to get intimate, Namdeo got suspicious. He started 'harassing' her. Fed up, Kanta went back to her father's house at Mouda.Police said that Kanta wanted Dhande to eliminate Namdeo. She offered to pay Dhande Rs 3 lakh after bequeathing Namdeo's property following his death.Dhande contacted his friend Shravankar who had links with criminals. Shravankar was paid Rs 1.7 lakh in two instalments. He in turn paid Jhangre and Bamnode Rs 1 lakh. Police said Shravankar took a cut to fix the deal.With a plan in mind, Dhande contacted Namdeo. He urged Namdeo to help him cultivate a land near Sawali for which he said he was sending two men who would explain the details.Accordingly, Jhangre and Bamnode met Namdeo and took him to the land. The moment Namdeo got engrossed in a conversation, Jhangre started stabbing him.Jhangre then picked up Namdeo's mobile phone before fleeing from the spot. The duo took their bike, parked on the roadside, before fleeing to Mouda.To clean their bloodstained bodies, Jhangre and Bamnode had a bath in a river and dumped their knives in a well.Senior police inspector of Kuhi, Prakash Hake said that the investigating team worked round-the-clock to pick up the culprits from different places in Mouda. \"We also recovered Namdeo's mobile phone from a person in Ramtek who did not know about the murder. Two bikes were also seized,\" said Hake.PSI Saraf said that rural police's cyber crime cell nailed Dhande's lies. Dhande had claimed that he was in Nagpur on the day the crime was committed.\"Dhande's cell phone records showed that he was close to the place of the murder. This proved that he was trying to mislead the investigation. Later, he spilt the beans,\" said Saraf who worked out the details of the probe under superintendent of police, Nagpur rural, Manoj Sharma and additional SP Prakash Jadhav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16623801", "title": "Three day deliberation on 'human rights in the North East of India' at Jamia", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the wake of disturbing trends in terms of violence including terrorism across and within nation states and the recent conflagration in Assam and the countrywide repercussions, the need for a sensitised democratic society to play a positive role in facing the new challenges and channelling creative human potential is vital.With this as the backdrop, Jamia Millia Islamia's Centre for North East Studies along with the Sarojini Naidu Centre for Women's Studies is organising a workshop on Human Rights in the North East of India from October 3 to October 5, 2012 in the FTK Auditorium.The workshop will begin on October 3, 2012 with a Peace March at 10 am from the Mirza Ghalib statue (main campus), road towards Jamia School, Ansari Health Centre, u-turn, administrative block, into Ansari Auditorium Complex and culminate at MF Hussain Art Gallery, where an exhibition of photographs by three young women photographers who have worked on the North-east and conflict situations will be on display.The workshop seeks to help develop a better understanding of some of the political processes in the North East region of India, which have led to conflicts and a difficult and often adversarial relationship between the State and ordinary people. The sessions will include a look at laws such as the Armed Forces Special Powers Act which has been in place since 1958 in much of the region and the Disturbed Areas Act.The intended scheduled technical sessions of the workshop are Women, rights and vulnerabilities in the conflict zones; laws and lawlessness (especially AFSPA); settlers, migrants and indigenous; tools for conflict transformation; dialogues and facilitation; creating scenarios and role play; manufacturing consent: lack of peace and growth of poverty. With resource persons from myriad fields - police, NGO's, development sector, academic, bureaucrats, among others, the workshop would use different pedagogical tools beyond lectures.'A Measure of Impunity' will be screened with an interactive discussion woven around it. A joint exhibition of photographs by three young women photographers who have worked on the North-east and conflict situations as well as on the vulnerability of women from the region in a city like Delhi will be show cased in the M F Hussain Art Gallery, from October 3 to 5 and discussed in a technical Session.Buzz and larger group discussions, role play, panel discussions, and other interactive exercises like brain storming, OHP presentations, group activities will also be undertaken. With nominated faculty members and research scholars/ PG students from across disciplines in Jamia as participants, the idea is have a multiplier effect of the workshop and to sensitise the university on the issue of human rights in the North East of India. The valedictory session will be addressed by Samir Das, vice chancellor of North Bengal University and Najeeb Jung, vice chancellor of Jamia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16623382", "title": "Gandhi Jayanti: Art competition to mark the occasion", "text": "NAGPUR: The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) is requesting its affiliated schools to participate in an art competition being organized as part of Gandhi Jayanti celebrations. The Shoobh Arts Competition-2012 is being organized in association with Gandhi Peace Foundation and Shoobh Welfare Society and is open to all students.Entries have to be sent before November 14 and the theme of the competition is \"Be the change you want to see in the world- Gandhi\".The painting and photography competition is open for all students.The competition will be held at three levels. In the first level children will be judged at schools, which will send the best entries to the specified Shoobh Collection Centre. At level two, the entries will be sorted and checked by volunteers and forwarded to the Shoobh Examination Centers - Gandhi Peace Foundation &amp; Guru Harkrishan Public Schools. At level three, an analysis of entries will be done, and at level four, the winning paintings will be exhibited at various locations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16620066", "title": "Sharad Yadav's no to no-trust motion against UPA govt", "text": "PATNA: JD (U) national president Sharad Yadav has said Congress president Sonia Gandhi should take disciplinary action against some of her party ministers and MPs whose names have figured in coalgate scam. He named a few of them, including Subodh Kant Sahay, Navin Jindal and Vijay Darda. Instead of waiting for court verdict, the party should crack whip against them.Yadav, who was talking to media on Sunday at the party office here, came down heavily on the Congress-led UPA government and PM Manmohan Singh for the decision to allow FDI in multi-brand retailing. He said, \"It will hit hard 25 crore people who are doing small trade, of whom 85% are petty traders, including footpath vendors,\" he said.He was unhappy over the Supreme Court opinion on the Presidential reference relating to allocation of natural resources, and said now taking refuge behind this order, the central ministers were attacking the CAG and asking the constitutional institutions to maintain a limit.However, Yadav, who is also the chairman of NDA, said he was not in favour of bringing a no-trust motion against the UPA government. \"Manmohan Singh can live in peace till 2014 general elections while we can wait to fulfil our dreams.\" But he added, \"In the next elections, we will remove this government so forcefully that a Manmohan or Montek Singh Ahluwalia will never return.\"He said Bihar has been discriminated against by the Centre for decades and even now it has not been given coal linkage for Barauni and Kanti thermal power expansion projects, or reimbursed Rs 1,000 crore that it had spent on repair of roads under central jurisdiction.He said he met PM Manmohan Singh nine times on issues related to Bihar, but not a single demand was conceded. Bihar has been denied special package which the then deputy PM, L K Advani, had promised on the floor of the House after the bifurcation of the state and creation of Jharkhand.\"Whatever Advani had said in Parliament was the government's commitment that should have been respected by his successors. But Bihar's legitimate demands have been cast aside by the Union government,\" he alleged.The senior JD (U) leader sought to downplay the recent protests against CM Nitish Kumar , saying the footage shown by certain TV channels of slippers being thrown at the Adhikar sammelan at Madhepura was not real.Yadav also slammed civil right workers for branding all MPs as corrupt on the basis of reports that 162 MPs were facing criminal charges. The critics should see that about 400 other MPs have a clean track record. He himself has been facing 27 cases, he pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16618874", "title": "Policeman\u2019s AK-47 goes off accidentally", "text": "GURGAON: A stray bullet from a Delhi Police head constable's AK-47 was found lodged in one of the walls of Paras Hospital in Gurgaon on Sunday, after it \"went off accidentally\". The incident occurred when a police team from the capital visited the hospital in connection with Friday's Defence Colony robbery case.Cops had come to question a relative of the main accused, Krishan, who had been arrested during a raid at Chakkarpur village. They wanted to detain his father-in-law, who was tending to a relative.Just as the cops were leaving the hospital, head constatble Vinod Kumar's AK47 went off. Soon after, a Delhi Police team went to Sushant Lok police station and filed a report. \"We have lodged a report. No one was injured; it was an accident,\" said Gaurav Phogat, SHO of the police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16621233", "title": "3 burglaries reported", "text": "NASHIK: Cash and valuables amounting to Rs 75,000 were stolen from a locked house at Sankruti Society, Ganesh Nagar at Kathe Galli on Friday between 8pm and 8.15pm. Burglars entered Ramesh Dhanrajani's house and stole five gold rings, ear rings and cash.Meanwhile, gold jewellery and two cylinders were stolen from Sambhaji Chowk, Untawadi on the intervening night of Thursday and Friday. In a complaint lodged by Kiran Nikam, burglars broke into his flat and stole two gas cylinders, jewellery and cash all worth Rs 88,000.One more burglary was registered with the Indiranagar police on Friday. Burglars broke into Usha Dharmadhikari's house at Shriji Residency near Shani Mandir, Pathardi Phata between September 21 and September 28 and stole cash, jewellery and other items worth Rs 49,000.Vehicle TheftA Yamaha motorcycle worth Rs 5,000 was stolen from the Peth Road area of Panchavati. Rajendra Vaishya of Moti Super Market of Peth Phata said that the bike was parked in the parking of his building on intervening night of September 21 and 22, when someone stole it. The complaint was lodged a week later on Friday, September 28, since the owner of the bike was trying to search the bike by himself. A Bajaj Pulsar worth Rs 26,000 was stolen from the road opposite City Centre on Sunday, September 23 between 5.00 pm and 7.00 pm. The owner of the bike Hemant Daspute of Savata Nagar, Cidco has parked his bike in front of the mall when some unidentified burglar stole it away. Gangapur Police are investigating the case.Tyre, music system in car stolen from Indira Naga rA car tyre and a music system were stolen from the Indiranagar area on the intervening night of Thursday and Friday. Rupesh Chaudhary of Shankaracharya Bungalow, Vinay Nagar alleged that some burglar shattered the rear windshield of his Indica car and stole one tyre by placing a jack beneath the vehicle. Meanwhile, the burglar also shattered a glass of a Hyundai Accent car parked nearby and stole the music system inside it. An offence in this regard has been registered at the Indiranagar Police Station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16619074", "title": "Karnataka advance in National Hockey Championship", "text": "BANGALORE: Hosts Karnataka carved out a hard-fought 2-0 win over Tamil Nadu and marched into the semifinals of the Hockey India Senior National Hockey Championship at the KSHA stadium on Sunday. It was an agonizing end for Tamil Nadu, who had far more control of the game and had more shots on goal.Despite penetrating the rival defence with regularity, they frittered away the chances that came their way, more so in the second half, to let Karnataka off the hook.In all, Tamil Nadu forced seven penalty corners with three of them coming in the space of three minutes, without any success.For Karnataka, the quarterfinal tie turned out to be test of character after commanding victories in the league matches.They yet again came a cropper in the penalty corner conversions, missing all their five attempts. After missing two penalty corners, Karnataka finally sounded the board when MK Mudappa deflected a Pundalik Bellary's cross in the 29th minute. They continued with the same aggression and were back on target three minutes later. Man of the match PL Thimmanna pounced on a long-ball from India discard Vikram Kanth and sent the ball thundering past the bewildered India custodian Sreejesh.In the semifinals, Karnataka will take on the winners of the other quarterfinal between Air India and Jharkhand. Earlier in the day, defending champions Haryana defeated Manipur 4-2 to become the first team to enter the last-four stage. Former India forward Bharat Chhikara opened the account for Haryana with a goal in the third minute and added another in the sixth.Mandeep Antil (43rd) and Didar Singh (44th) scored one each off penalty corners. Jayantakumar Meitel (31st &amp; 60th) was the scorer for the vanquished.In the semifinals, Haryana take on Punjab, who ousted Railways 5-1. India midfielder Gurbaj Singh scored the equaliser in the seventh minute after B Horo had put Railways ahead in the fifth minute.Thereafter, it was Punjab all the way as drag-flicker Gurjinder Singh increased the lead in the 12th minute and added his second goal in the 47th minute. Akashdeep Singh (31st) and Prabhdeep Singh (52nd) were the other scorers for Punjab.Results (quarterfinals): Karnataka: 2 (MK Mudappa 29, PL Thimmanna 32) bt Tamil Nadu: 0; Haryana: 4 (Bharat Chhikara 3 &amp; 6; Mandeep Antil 43; Didar Singh 44) bt Manipur: 2 (Jayantakumar Meitel 31 &amp; 60). Punjab: 5 (Gurbaj Singh 7, Gurjinder Singh 12, 47, Akashdeep Singh 31, Prabhdeep Singh 52) bt Railways: 1 (B Horo 5).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16619804", "title": "\u2018Teen gang\u2019 on prowl, targets cars", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Considering that cars in various parking areas of the city are no longer safe, it is only becoming necessary to install security gadgets in your vehicles. There has been a recent spurt in incidents where miscreants have broken window panes of cars to steal bags containing cash, cameras, mobile phones, ATM cards and laptops. Police officials say that a well-organized gang is on the prowl and is targeting vehicles parked in commercial areas. There are many teenagers in the gang and at least two miscreants are involved in each crime.While one of them keeps an eye on the owner of the vehicle, the other smashes its window panes to steal valuables.In a recent incident, police arrested an eight-year-old boy on Saturday for stealing a laptop after breaking the window pane of a car.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16619456", "title": "400 residents from Mumbai meet in Bandra over mobile radiation", "text": "MUMBAI: More than 400 residents from all over the city met at Bandra Gymkhana on Sunday to discuss the ill-effects of mobile tower radiation.A month ago, Bandra residents formed a group, Action Against Cell Towers, under the auspices of the Bandra West Residents' Association (BWRA). The meeting on Sunday was organized by BWRA, The Salsette Catholic Cooperative Housing Society, Bandra Gymkhana and Collaborating Chamber of Commerce.Daryl D'monte, president, BWRA, said there was a cellphone tower behind his bungalow. \"I lost my sister-in-law in 2008 to brain cancer and I suffer from leukemia. I cannot prove that these are due to celltower radiation, but I cannot rule it out either.\"Cornel K Gonsalves asked local corporator Karen D'mello to ensure that two illegal cellphone towers on Winnie Apartments opposite Perry Cross Road and Joyce Lane building on St Andrews Road are demolished. \"The government must frame a policy to reduce transmission,\" he said.The meeting was conducted by Dr Ashish Mehta, neurologist, Breach Candy Hospital, Dr Prakash Munshi, consultant, Saifee Hospital and Dr Neha Kumar, IIT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "florida", "code": "16624680", "title": "Gandhi Jayanti: Kalam to unveil Mahatma Gandhi's statue in Florida tomorrow", "text": "FLORIDA: Former President APJ Abdul Kalam will unveil a statue of Mahatma Gandhi and dedicate a memorial built by an association of Keralites here on Tuesday on the occasion of Gandhi Jayanti.The memorial and the statue is built by Kerala Samajam at a cost of USD 49,000, a statement said.Kalam will unveil the memorial and statue at Falcom Lia Park, it said, adding Florida Mayor Judy Paul will also attend the function.Gandhi Jayanti is celebrated to mark the birth anniversary of the \"Father of the Nation\", who was born on October 2, 1869.The construction of the statue was conducted by Big Statue, a famous sculpturing company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16621182", "title": "Mandal worker severely injured", "text": "PUNE: A Ganesh mandal worker from Bhavani Peth sustained severe injuries after he came under the wheels of a tractor and its trolley carrying a Ganesh idol during the procession at Khandujibaba chowk on Sunday afternoon. Policemen rescued Satish Baban Mahadik of Bhavani Peth and rushed him to a nearby private hospital. Mahadik is a member of the Jay Maharashtra Tarun Mandal in Bhavani Peth. The doctors said Mahadik's condition is critical. \"Seven ribs on his left side are fractured. He has also sustained injuries under his lungs. We have shifted him to the intensive care unit (ICU) of the hospital for further treatment,\" said chief medical officer of the hospital.Police said that the incident took place at around 1 pm when the immersion procession of the Jay Maharashtra Tarun Mandal reached Khandujibaba chowk. Mahadik was sitting between the tractor and its trolley, which was carrying the idol. \"All of a sudden he fell down and came under the wheels of the trolley,\" said a police officer.The police tried to remove him from under the trolley, but it proved difficult initially because of the heavy load on the trolley. \"Due to the idol on the trolley, it was also not possible to separate the tractor from the trolley,\" the officer said.Finally, the policemen at the chowk pulled the trolley backwards and rescued Mahadik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16619557", "title": "Mahatma Gandhi fought first case in India for Bhavnagar royals", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For almost 120 years, this 'civil dispute' was a closely guarded family secret of the erstwhile royals of Bhavnagar.As the country gets ready to celebrate Mahatma Gandhi's 143rd birth anniversary on Tuesday, scions of the family have unraveled a precious gem of history.They say Gandhiji's first case in India after returning from London as a law graduate in July 1891 was their property dispute.The royals have resurrected case papers from the erstwhile Kathiawar court, which reveal that Gandhiji had won the civil case for his client Lord Harisinhji Roopsinh Raol.The case papers are well preserved with Harisinhji's descendants Dr Chhatrapalsinhji Raol, a pediatrician in Bhavnagar. Gandhiji had fought the case for the family in May 1892 and was paid Rs 300 as fee.\"It was a case on the ownership of four Bhavnagar villages among family members. The diwan of Bhavnagar state had caused much confusion while allotting properties. We had nothing against the maharaja. Gandhiji had suggested that since it was matter of the state and the prevailing British government, the maharaja had to be made party. With a lot of hesitation this was done,\" says Siddhrajsinh Raol, one of the family members.The order in the case was passed on July 16, 1892. Gandhiji won the case and the allotment process was resolved, but the case papers were sealed, never to be made public.\"Since there was no dispute in the real sense, we thought it prudent to keep the issue under wraps. The legal suit was necessary because of the diwan's goof-up and we were also forced to file a case owing to prevalent British laws,\" says Raol.Gandhiji had struggled to get a case and start his practice for almost a year. He had an office in Mumbai and had registered with the Bombay high court in November 1891. Later, he had returned to Rajkot to stay with his brother Laxmidas.On May 14, 1892, he had got registered with Kathiawar agency courts.A gazette notification had been issued to formalize his registration. It was at this juncture that Harisinhji approached him.Laxmidas had advised him to stay in touch with the Bhavnagar royals to ensure a steady flow of cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16620418", "title": "9-day rally to demand right to food for all", "text": "JAIPUR: Various social organizations have joined hands to take out a nine-day rally from Medi in Udaipur district to Shahabad in Baran demanding right to food for all starting Monday. Rajasthan is among the states with highest malnutrition cases.Economist Jean Dreze, special commissioner of the Supreme Court on the right to food Harsh Mander, social activist Aruna Roy and various other social activists would join the rally which would reach Jaipur on October 6.Aastha organization's programme coordinator Shyam Lal Menaria said, \"We will start the rally with one truck and later as the rally would pass through other areas of the state more people would join.\"Hunger and malnutrition, said activists, is one of the major challenges for the state. \"Unfortunately the state government and the Centre have not taken serious efforts in this regard,\" an organizer said.Menaria said the government's draft on right to food has separate categories for primary and general. \"We don't want targeted categories. It should be universal like MNREGA. People, who want to work in villages, can get a job under the Act. Similarly, there should not be any categories under right to food,\" he added.Those taking part in the rally are Sankalp, BGVS, Prayatn, CECOEDECON, SURE, Jagruk Nagarik Manch, Vikalp, Unnati, PUCL (People's Union for Civil Liberties) and various other organizations from tribal areas. A PUCL official said they would join the rally from Jaipur on October 6.Despite foodgrains rotting in godowns, activists said, children in the state are dying of hunger. Currently, 8crore tonne of wheat is being kept at FCI's godowns and with Kharif production, it would swell to 10crore tonnes. The activists demanded that the government should open the doors of godowns to public so that deaths due to hunger or malnutrition are avoided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16623185", "title": "Jamia and York University sign MoU", "text": "NEW DELHI: Jamia Millia Islamia, New Delhi and the York University signed an Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) to pave the way of educational tie ups between various faculties and departments of the two universities on Monday.The agreement was signed by the registrar of Jamia, S M Sajid while the York University was represented by Patric J Monahan, vice president, academic and provost. The agreement is signed for a period of five years subject to the availability of funds to pursue exchange of students on reciprocal basis, exchange of faculty members, exchange of publications and research materials, news letters, joint projects related to research, teaching and faculty development, among others.Besides signing the MoU, the Jamia delegation also visited various departments of the York University to explore areas of mutual interest. York has a very long association with Jamia which goes back to early eighties.In 1982, the York University had helped Jamia in establishing the Mass Communication Research Centre. While the first generation of teachers was provided by the York University in the form noted documentary maker James Beveridge, his wife Margaret gave the Centre film and other equipment the Centre needed so badly in its infancy.Before returning to Delhi the Jamia delegation also signed a similar MoU with Rayerson University besides paying a visit to the University of Toronto. This initiative comes with Najeeb Jung, vice chancellor, Jamia's keen interest in raising the profile and educational standards of Jamia and collaborating with the reputed universities of the world to achieve this goal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16620477", "title": "Festive season yet to bring cheers on realtors' face", "text": "INDORE: The festive season is yet to bring cheers on the face of realtors in the state and Indore in particular. A series of actions taken by the authorities against realtors have added to their woes resulting in low walk-ins of customers at the real estate sites.Keeping in view, the CREDAI has postponed its three-day property fair scheduled to be held between 12 and 14 October. Confirming it, Naveen Mehta, treasurer, CREDAI Indore, said, \"We have postponed it until next announcement on request of our members. I do agree that overall, the scenario was not good for the sector in the state at the moment. One can hope that things may improve during the forthcoming festivals like Navratra or Diwali. But, currently even the market is not doing well.\"A consortium of 25 state-owned and private banks, led by the state-owned lender United Bank of India (UBI), has issued a notification in connection with the possession of properties owned by 13 real estate firms in their bid to recover over Rs 30,0000 crore outstanding with the firms. The firms in question include Zoom Developers, whose director hails from Indore.While UBI is reported to have an exposure of Rs 3000-4000 crore to these firms, Central Bank of India is having an exposure of nearly Rs 100 crore. Some of the other banks that are also having their exposure include State Bank of India , Indian Overseas Bank and Andhra Bank among others.A banker from Indore, said that though mostly the real estate firms in question are having their properties outside Indore, still the reason behind issuance of notification may be the fact that some of the directors associated with the firms hail from Indore.Talking to ToI, Umesh Singh, general manager, Central Bank of India, said, \"Due to ongoing economic downturn, there are three most sensitive sectors in the eyes of banks in the state including real estate, power and infrastructure. However, in real estate sector, it is good that banks have taken securities, unlike the other two.\"Again, due to the recent search operations, which were conducted by the sleuths of the income tax department against nine city-based realtors, there is an impact among the investors as the sentiment was down. The director of a city-based real estate firm said, \"We are observing low walk-ins at our projects despite it being a festive season. Still, I hope that the things will improve within next 10 days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16619977", "title": "Lucknow may soon get rid of dharna sthal woes", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Charbagh-Hazratganj route may get rid of frequent traffic snarls owing to protests at the dharna sthal, situated opposite the Vidhan Bhawan. Some major protests at the venue recently saw commuters getting caught in traffic jams for several hours. There is a growing chorus for shifting the dharna sthal so that people do not bear the brunt of daily protests.According to highly placed sources, the government is planning to construct an extension of the Secretariat at dharna sthal. The protest venue is likely to be shifted back to its old location at Jhulelal Park near Lucknow University.\"It's not clear where dharna sthal might be shifted but a proposal on building an extension of Secretariat at the venue is under consideration,\" said sources. Jhulelal Park could be a probable venue since it has a better location as far as public convenience is concerned, sources added.The construction of Secretariat extension in front of Vidhan Bhawan was proposed a few months back and sources said \"it has not been shelved so far\".After coming to power, the Samajwadi Party government relocated the dharna sthal to its original location at Darul shafa from Jhulelal park, on the plea that it was the democratic right of the people to hold protests.However, till a final decision is taken, the government might take some measures to check public inconvenience due to dharna sthal. One such measures is making the local intelligence unit (LIU) pro-active, which can alert officials beforehand about the expected turnout of protesters at dharna sthal. DMs from other districts will also be asked to inform about the number of protesters coming from their districts to Vidhan Bhawan for protests.Sources said problem lies with groups that stage protests without seeking seeking prior permission from the administration. It's these protests that lead to traffic chaos on the route. The groups that seek prior permission do not have more than 500 protesters. \"Big crowd is itself a nuisance,\" said sources. There are hardly any instances when groups seeking prior permission have created ruckus.There are, however, no clear guidelines on who should be allowed to hold protest, the number of protesters for a peaceful protest and how many groups be allowed by administration to stage a protest on a given day. This leaves the administration to the mercy of agitators. If the protesters decide to block road or stop traffic, there is not much that officers can do.\"One can't even use force to control the crowd, unless something untoward happens. If even a single protester gets injured, it becomes a big law and order issue,\" said sources. Being a democratic society, anybody seeking permission for dharna or a rally cannot be denied right to hold peaceful protest, even at the cost of public inconvenience.The protests at dharna sthal, besides being a cause of major public nuisance, have also held the district administration to ransom. In recent protests by TETs, home guards and gram pradhans, even the intelligence department failed to apprise the administration about the expected number of protesters.The dharna sthal cannot accommodate more than 700 persons. On the contrary, whenever there is a protest, the crowd gets spilled on the road. Another measure being mulled by the administration is to close the gates of the dharna sthal during a protest, as was the practice during BSP regime, to stop protesters from staging a road blockade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16618836", "title": "Defence Colony heist: Mastermind, aides in net, raids on to nab 4 more accused", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the arrest of the prime accused, Deepak Sharma (34), police claimed to have sold Friday's heist of 5.25 crore in Defence Colony. Cops have also arrested two others, Krishan Valmiki and Tekram, both from Gurgaon, on charges of receiving the loot. They are relatives of co-accused Vijay Singh, who managed to give police the slip.About 2.37 crore has been recovered from them. Teams have been fanned out to nab four other accused who are still on the run. Cops have seized a pistol, two magazines, nine cartridges and a cellphone.Investigations have revealed that Hari Krishan Sharma and Deepak Sharma roped in Ranjeet alias Rumaal, Vijay Singh and two others for the crime. Ranjeet has a criminal history. Singh and Ranjeet were petty snatchers but became involved in robberies after being released from jail.Joint CP (southwestern range) said, \"The first breakthrough came after Atul Kumar, SHO Malviya Nagar, was able to trace the cash van within an hour in Hauz Rani and recovered the two robbed shotguns. The location of the vehicle indicated that the criminals were well acquainted with the bylanes of the Hauz Rani and Malviya Nagar area. Examination of witnesses gave valuable details about the appearance of the accused. A portrait was made on the basis of that description.\"DCP south Chhaya Sharma said, \"Victims were shown dossiers which nailed the robbers' identity. Witnesses said they had seen the Hyundai Verna driven by four youths in the area recently. Several teams led by SHO Saket Rajender Singh and Inspector Aishveer Singh verified the new tenants in the area. By early Saturday, a house was raided by five teams.\"Addl DCP, south, P S Kushwah, said, \"It emerged that the house belonged to Hari Kishan, who pretended to be a doctor. We recovered the keys of the cash van from there. A search around the area led to the recovery of the broken currency chest from Khirki area.\"In one of the raids, Deepak Sharma was intercepted in Saket and at his instance Rs. 1.51 crore was recovered from his house in Pushp Vihar. On his disclosure, others were identified and teams are conducting raids to nab them.A cop said, \"On Friday, we received a call about a firing incident at 1.13pm near BRT corridor. It emerged that a cash van had been robbed and the gunman was shot by the accused. The driver told us that several men came out of the Verna that blocked its way, and surrounded the van.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16621512", "title": "Nagri protesters call 8-hour blockade in Ranchi today", "text": "RANCHI: Even as differences within the supporters of Nagri land movement came to fore on Sunday, Nagri Bachao Jan Sangharsha Samiti called for an eight-hour long blockade in the capital on Monday beginning 6am which has consecutively supported by a few political organizations.Responding to the call, most of the private schools in the capital have announced closure whereas the district administration has made arrangements to avoid vandalism and forceful shutdown.Addressing the media, Ratan Tirkey, an activist of the samiti, said they had decided to take the fight against the government as the tribals were not satisfied with the role adopted by the government and its tribal ministers on the issue.Tirkey said the villagers were supporting the committee led by land and revenue minister Mathura Prasad Mahato hoping that their concerns would be heard and their point of view would be presented before the high court hearing the land acquisition issue. \"We all were shattered to know that the Mahato committee acted as an agent of the government to convince the villagers about selling off their land,\" he said iterating that land was never acquired by the government in Nagri mauja.Announcing to keep emergency services out of the purview of the blockade, Tirkey said the Nagri villagers were looking for wider public support and hence decided not to paralyze socio-economic activities for the day. \"The Jharkhand Vikas Morcha has expressed its willingness to support the cause whereas parties like the Jharkhand Janadhikar party that was a part of the movement since beginning has not clarified it stand,\" he said further clarifying that the protests would now be aimed at the BJP-led government in the state. While the protesters have reiterated that they are not against development and establishment of the central educational institutions, they have also offered fresh land to the government for the construction.Dayamani Barla, another key activist of the Nagri movement, kept away from the blockade and said a wider consensus was required before taking up anti-government programmes.The agitators took out a torchlight procession at the capital's main square on Sunday evening to inform people about the blockade and request voluntary participation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16621140", "title": "Dehu Road Cantonment Board plans garbage segregation at source", "text": "PUNE: The Dehu Road Cantonment Board (DCB) has proposed a plan wherein garbage will be segregated into dry (non-biodegradable) and wet garbage at source. The board is likely to distribute 18,000 dust bins to households in the civilian areas within the cantonment limits for the purpose.The wet (biodegradable) garbage will be used to produce fuel or energy pellets which can be used for industrial furnaces or boilers.At present, around 10 to 12 tonne of garbage is generated within the cantonment limits every day. Around five tonne of the total garbage is wet garbage. The mixed garbage produced in the around 9,500 households within the cantonment limits is dumped at a site near the Nigdi octroi post.Officials said the DCB will start garbage segregation in the civilian areas. The board will purchase 18,000 dust bins which will be distributed to the households. Each family will be given two bins - a green one for collecting biodegradable waste and a white one for non-biodegradable waste.An official said, \"We will complete the distribution of these bins in one and half months after which the cantonment will start collecting segregated garbage from citizens. Five vehicles ('ghanta gadis') will collect the segregated garbage from 7.30 am to 3.30 pm daily. The biodegradable waste will be sent to an energy pellet producing plant, while the non-biodegradable waste will be sent to the landfill site\".Meenakshi Shaktawat, chief executive officer, DCB, said, \"The plant to generate energy pellets will be installed with the help of the Science and Technology Park (STP), Pune. The project report has been prepared for it and the proposal will be tabled before the DCB for approval.\"An official of the health department said, \"The Science and Technology Park has implemented a pilot project at Katraj which is to be replicated in other cities to reduce the problem of garbage disposal. The authority was asked to prepare the project report around two and half months back. The plant is to be constructed on a plot of 5,000 sq ft, the site for which will be decided in the DCB meeting. The total cost of the project is estimated to be Rs 25 lakh. The annual maintenance cost of the project will be Rs 5 lakh.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16619082", "title": "Mumbai bids grand farewell to over 2 lakh idols", "text": "MUMBAI: Over two lakh idols were immersed during the ten-day Ganesh festival in the city, an increase of around 13,630 idols since last year.There has been a considerable increase in household as well as community ganpati idols. This year, the number of household idols was 1.82 lakh against last year's 1.76 lakh while the number of community or sarvajanik idols doubled\u2014from 9947 last year to 18,024 this year. The total number also includes the 15,341 idols immersed in artificial ponds created by the civic body.No untoward incident was reported in the city during the last day of immersions on Saturday. There are over 70 immersions spots in the city, including 27 beaches. The civic body had made elaborate arrangements for immersions at a cost of Rs 12 crore.More than 10 lakh people visited Girgaum Chowpatty, one of the biggest crowd pullers on the final day of immersion. Juhu beach also witnessed a heavy rush of people. Several NGOs and volunteers came forward to help make the immersions a smooth affair.Over 240 lifegaurds and Indian Navy officers were present at immersion points. Forty-one motor boats were posted at immersion spots for rescue operations in case of emergency. Several viewing galleries were put up at Dadar TT, Lalbaug, Opera House, Bandra for people to view the processions.\"Everything went off smoothly, the preparations made by the agencies were perfect,\" said Naresh Dahibhavkar, coordinator of Ganesh Samanvay Samiti.Meanwhile, after a nearly 20-hour journey, Lalbaugcha Raja, accompanied by over two lakh people, reached Girgaum at 6am on Sunday. \"We have been waiting since 4am to catch the last glimpse of the God,\" said Preeti Paranjpee (10), a visitor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16618805", "title": "Defence Colony van heist plotted in Tihar Jail", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sunday's arrest of Deepak Sharma, one of the two prime accused in the sensational heist of Rs 5.25 crore last week, has cracked open a plan that began several months ago in Tihar Jail. Engineered by Deepak and his brother Hari Kishan Sharma - who is still at large - along with other dreaded criminals, the plan to rob a cash van originated when the Sharma brothers were in Tihar, lodged next to Bablu Ghogha, whom police suspects of being the other kingpin. Ghogha's brother, Dipak Bhola, is also involved in the heist, said police sources.Interestingly, Ghogha and Hari Kishan were lodged next to each other, because of their initials - B and H - revealed police sources. That the planning was meticulous can be gauged from the fact that the gang even carried out a mock drill to iron out the problems. In fact, during Sharma's interrogation, it has emerged that the robbers planned to strike on Thursday when more than Rs 12 crore were being transferred but had to cancel the plan due to logistical reasons.Sharma and his brother were lodged in high security wards in Tihar. The gang members first met each other in jail in 2005 in a case of murder at RK Puram (FIR number 222) and then again in 2008 for the murder of a manager, who they had shot seven times in the chest in East Delhi. Over the past year, the Sharma brothers came out of jail along with Ranjit Rumal, Vijay Singh and others. They began to look for prospective targets, before zeroing in on cash vans carrying money to be transferred to ATMs.In the first week of July, the gang shifted to Sharma's house in Khirki extension in south Delhi and began to actively plan the heist, with every minute detail being put on paper. As the first step, everyone changed houses to avoid being spied on by informers. Next, they changed their mobile numbers and stayed in touch with only the people necessary to their plan.On July 5, they stole the Hyundai Verna from Kotwali area in Faridabad. Then, Vijay Singh contacted suppliers of Munger made pistols in the city and procured 9mm pistols. Singh used one of these to shoot the gunman Munne Singh in the heist. Meanwhile, the other members were busy gathering information about the cash vans.On July 20, Premier Shield Company began its new venture as a cash replenishment company for the banks. They had twelve gunmen, of whom none were verified. In mid-August, the robbers got in touch with a man, Umesh, who tipped them off about the cash movements of the company which was selected as the target. Now movement of the cash van was studied. A day %before the incident, the gang carried out a mock drill and when it was perfected, they vacated the house.On Friday, one of the members of the gang was inside the bank giving them minute by minute information about the movement of the cash. When the van left Hauz Khas, they waited on the BRT for the van and began to follow it closely. One kilometer before the petrol pump, the cash van got stuck in traffic but the man driving the Verna cut through the traffic and parked his car in the service lane.Within five minutes, they committed the robbery and fled with the cash van. The accused took a U turn from under the flyover, drove along BRT, Ansal Plaza, Hauz Khas, Malviya Nagar and finally went to a secluded place in Hauz Rani. They parked the car, cut the chains of the aluminum bags, left the looted rifles inside and camped at their house in Khirki.Sharma told cops that they had already decided not to leave the city immediately as they would be caught due to the red alert and borders having been sealed. Once inside the house, the robbers divided the booty - 1005 bundles of Rs 500 notes - among themselves and stayed put for the night even as cops began their search. They left early Saturday after dumping the cash chest in the area.Local cops of the Malviya Nagar station, however, managed to identify Deepak Sharma through photographs and portraits which were shown to the witnesses from Hauz Rani and victims in the cash van. Sharma was nabbed on Saturday and Rs 1.51 crore was recovered from him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16619889", "title": "Chandigarh-Bandra train to get another 2 coaches", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Considering the long waiting list for the Chandigarh-Bandra bi weekly train, Western Railways have decided to temporarily add two more second class general coaches in Train No 22451/52. Station master of Chandigarh Railway Station, Praveen Kumar said, \"Though a formal communication was yet to be received in this regard; the decision must have been taken to tackle the growing rush of passengers.\" The train reaches Chandigarh on Tuesday and Friday, and leaves for Bandra on Sunday and Wednesday, every week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16620841", "title": "Don\u2019t know your way? Call \u2018routes\u2019", "text": "CHENNAI: In a city where almost all roads lack street signs and few bus stops display routes or schedules, two entrepreneurs have started a call centre to help commuters and motorists find their way around.All one has to do is call a mobile number and get directions or the best available travel options, including bus and suburban train routes and the frequency \u2014 to one's destination. The centre also provides information on inter-city travel for south India complete with train and flight timings, frequencies, fares, boarding points and reservation status for trains.The venture, \"routes \u2014 for the right directions\" (phone number: 86 95 95 95 95), has picked up pace after the launch in July, and the centre in St Thomas Mount has been getting nearly 500 calls a day.Now offering area to area information for motorists and commuters dependent on public transport, it plans, soon, to offer directions on travel from one bus stop to another across bus routes and from one street to another.\"In 2-3 months we will be able to give directions to go from, for example, 5th Street in Anna Nagar to 11th Avenue. Specific bus stop to bus stop and street to street directions will be provided when the database is updated with such details. The aim is to cover every nook and corner,\" says Bharat Somani, who started the venture with Ashwin Kumar.The two left high-paying jobs to start vTel that offers free service for callers. Callers only have to pay call charges to their telephone service provider as it is not a toll free number.\"We have 10 employees and can handle around 2,500 calls. Calls are connected immediately as we don't want callers to lose money waiting. We plan to extend services to Madurai and Coimbatore,\" he said.The inspiration came when Ashwin was having tea at a street-side shop in March 2011 and saw people stop to ask for directions. An office space was rented and a few staff hired before the venture took off in the next month. It was tried out as a pilot project till January this year before the formal launch in July.\"Initially, we had a toll free number but dropped it after we ended up paying a lot of money and the call volume was not high to compensate the loss. So, we made the number non-toll free and decided not to depend on advertisements. We are working out a few revenue models, including a few value additions from which revenue can be generated. We also plan to allow callers to book tickets for public transport,\" says Bharat Somani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "hassan", "code": "16620258", "title": "Heritage tag fails to bring in progress", "text": "HASSAN: The heritage tag accorded by Unesco to Western Ghats and heritage sites around has not reflected in the form of any improvement in Belur and Halebeedu. The Chennakeshava temple in Belur and Hoysaleshwara Temple are two of the most well-known, historical monuments. Both the temples have received the Unesco tag and attract a large number of tourists every year, but both lack basic amenities.Chennakeshava temple of Belur makes more than Rs 1 crore every year in the form of donations and offerings. The organizing committee has been requesting for an upgrade of the temple from 'B' grade to 'A', but the request has not found any favour.Listing out the lack of amenities at Chennakeshava temple, committee president G K Kumar says there are not enough toilets, tourists stay homes, parking space, proper transport and security. \"We have been writing to the Muzrai department to improve basic facilities, but we have received no response,\" he says.Foreign tourists who visit the temples are forced to stay in the neighbouring district due to the lack of proper accommodation in the taluk. The number of toilets is also not sufficient. Parking is also a major problem. During tourist seasons vehicles are parked on the main road, blocking it completely.The temple has 21 acres of land, which has to be developed by the Muzrai department and tourism department. An additional six acres of land was also acquired recently but it has not been developed, he explained.Belur-Halebeedu also needs a bus depot so solve its problems with connectivity. Presently, tourists take connecting buses from neighbouring districts, but these buses do not arrive on schedule, forcing them to wait endlessly.Security is also a concern in these historical monuments. The committee has been asking the departments concerned to form a team of retired Defence personnels who could provide security at these places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "dhaka", "code": "16623882", "title": "Anti-Islam Facebook post: Rioters torch Buddhist temples", "text": "DHAKA: Thousands of protesters took to the streets in southeastern Bangladesh, torching Buddhist temples and ransacking neighbourhoods over a Facebook post they said was derogatory to Islam.Authorities called out paramilitary troops to control the situation in southeastern Ramu town near the port city of Chittagong after Muslim fundamentalists torched 11 Buddhist temples and damaged two others.Some of the attackers alleged that a follower of the faith posted a photo defaming Islam on Facebook.Witnesses and officials said several thousand Muslims took to the street shortly before midnight yesterday and attacked the temples and the Buddhist neighbourhoods in the area forcing the residents to flee their homes in fright.\"During the several hour long attack, they torched 11 Buddhist temples, damaged two others and ransacked at least 30 Buddhist homes... no casualty was reported as most Buddhists fled their homes to evade the attack,\" a local journalist who witnessed the unrest told PTI.He said a group of people staged a street protest at around 10.30 pm alleging that a Buddhist youth in the area posted an offensive picture and instigated the mob to carry out the attack on the old Buddhist sites.Paramilitary Border Guard Bangladesh (BGB) troops were called on immediately along with anti-crime Rapid Action Battalion (RAB) and riot police.Army soldiers from nearby camps were also sent to patrol the neighbourhood.\"The situation was brought under control before dawn and we enforced a ban on street rallies and protests,\" Cox's Bazaar district's police chief Salim Mohammad Jahangir told PTI on phone.He said police had escorted the man accused of posting the insulting photograph and his mother to safety.Home Minister Mahiuddin Khan Alamgir flew to the scene and ordered immediate punitive actions against the attackers, calling the incident part of a plot to destroy the traditional communal harmony in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16620368", "title": "Indore Police turns to Facebook to nab criminals", "text": "INDORE: The city's police has logged onto Facebook to trace two \"criminals\" with the help of netizens.Police have recently uploaded photos of the duo who allegedly robbed Rs 60 lakh from the Kanadia road branch of Bank of Maharashtra on December 12, 2008, Indore SP (headquarters) Dr Ashish said on Sunday.\"We have posted photos of criminals which were captured by the CCTVs of the bank. On Facebook, the photos would be seen by a large number of people,\" he said.A prize of Rs 3.5 lakh has been announced to those who provide leads about the criminals, he said, adding that some clues about those behind the bank heist have been received from police officers of different areas.\"After police in some cities managed to get leads on criminals and various incidents through the social networking site, we are also trying to take its help, along with other conventional methods, in getting clues about them,\" he said on why they turned to the popular social networking site.Indore Police is also using its two Facebook pages to inform the people on rules and regulations and they have received a number of 'likes' and comments for the posts, he said.Indore district cyber crime cell head Jitendra Singh said the two criminals whose photos have been uploaded on Facebook are allegedly involved in two other major bank robberies.\"The Facebook users are 'sharing' these pictures, which has increased the hope that we would soon get some prime leads about the accused and would be able to nab them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16620452", "title": "Comic take on epidemic to save kids", "text": "KANPUR: The name may sound like a list of patients, but 'Pinky, Raju and Malaria' is the name of a comic, launched with the mission to spread awareness among children about causes and prevention of vector-borne diseases.This comic book is seen in the hands of every kid who visits the Lala Lajpat Rai hospital.Launched by a private medicine firm, the comic is being appreciated widely by government doctors. According to experts of LLR hospital, there could be no better way to the spread the important message among children than in the form of a comic book.\"Hundreds of children in the city are being diagnosed with and suffering from vector-borne diseases like malaria, diarrhoea or fever everyday. So many of them have even lost their lives. It's very important that kids and even their parents know the reason and causes of disease. Cartoon films or documentaries are a good way but comics are the best. On one hand, it inculcates the fast vanishing reading habit among children and on the other hand, tells them the dos and don'ts to avoid disease,\" said Dr RP Singh, HoD Paediatrics, LLR.In the comic book, Pinky and Raju are shown studying in a school. One of their common friends has not been coming to the class for the past several days.The kids visit their friend's house and come to know from his mother that he is suffering from high fever. They meet the friend, who is sleeping in a room without window panes allowing free entry to mosquitoes in his room. Raju and Pinky see their friend shivering with fever and suggest to his mother to get him tested for malaria.All of them meet the doctor and the child tests positive with malaria. On being asked by the doctor, the kids describe the diagnosis, investigation, treatment and prevention of malaria which had been taught to them in their school.The comic ends with the kids explaining the causes and symptoms of other vector-borne diseases taught by their teacher.This initiative of the medicine firm of coming up with the illustrated storybook firm which has caught the fancy of all the children who have received it has been praised highly by parents at the hospital. Education authorities are matching step to make the kids aware and to educate them about vector-borne diseases.Talking to TOI, Narendra Pawal, District Education Officer, informed that all teachers in basic and primary school had been ordered to conduct disease awareness sessions in school assembly and in classes.\"The teachers initially informed students about causes and prevention of the seasonal diseases like dengue, malaria and diarrhoea. They assign projects to students of making charts and 2-D figures. They reward them extra marks which not only motivates students but also makes them aware them about disease in a playful way,\" added the NSA.Officials also informed that similar education sessions will be organised with change of season periodically so that kids may not fall ill with temperature and seasonal change.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16620211", "title": "Accident kills one, snarls traffic", "text": "MANGALORE: An autorickshaw driver was killed on the spot when his auto collided head-on with a bus on the Nethravathi Bridge on Sunday. The accident caused a major gridlock on the bridge for nearly 30 minutes and a major road block between Pumpwell and Thokkottu on National Highway 66.The deceased has been identified as Keshava Nadumane, 40, a resident of Kuthar, near here. He was on his way to Mangalore from Thokkottu.The impact of the accident was such that the front portion of the autorickshaw was completely damaged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16618832", "title": "Ready, Get Set\u2026Give", "text": "The Joy of Giving Week is finally upon us. Beginning on Tuesday, on the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi , scores of Indians will give of themselves to their communities in big ways and small. Volunteers of Joy of Giving Week (October 2 to 8) have been overwhelmed with the avalanche of inquiries and participative pledges from around the country. Indeed each passing year, the event gathers momentum and volunteer strength to proliferate into a nationwide festival of philanthropy. From the top echelons of business to children in distant villages, everybody wants to make a difference, and this year's no different.\"This year, Chennai traffic police have pledged to offer a token of appreciation to motorists who observe traffic rules,\" says Aarti Madhavan, a Joy of Giving Week volunteer from Chennai. \"People are becoming more creative each passing year, while the aim remains the same\u2014to spread happiness,\" she added. In Tamil Nadu, the campaign has spread beyond city limits to four villages in Thiruvallur district, where each household plans to contribute a rupee each to collectively raise around Rs 5,000 for the treatment of a disabled or sickly child from each village.During the Joy of Giving Week collection drives, fund raisers, blood donation camps and volunteerism reach peak levels, particularly in cities. Sharad Gaidhane, a volunteer from Mumbai, says that the response to the festival has been heartening, and various individuals and groups in the city have pledged to either donate in time or kind. \"It can be as simple as helping an old/blind man cross the road; it is the deed that matters. The past three years have thrown up wonderful instances of 'giving' and we hope this year it gets better,\" she said.Of the host of events to take place in Mumbai this year, a local patisserie has pledged to donate cup cakes to students of Muktangan School, while students of Oberoi International School in Goregaon plan to donate old books to children of Udaan India Foundation. In Delhi, a group of volunteers will be visiting Khushi Home for Girls in Okhla, and will spend time with them watching movies and conducting recreational activities. They will also sponsor food for the girls and other participants that day.In Hyderabad, people have been encouraged to donate between Rs 50 to Rs 500 for the Rising Star initiative supported by the Marriott Group, which helps house 172 underprivileged children affected with leprosy. Another corporate initiative has been taken up by Thrive Energy Technologies Pvt. Ltd., which has been raising funds to sponsor solar LED lights, which they will distribute to deserving children in remote parts of the country and urban slums.\"The bottom line is to spread as much awareness and joy through little deeds,\" concluded Gaidhane. \"And while the Joy of Giving Week sparks this passion in people, we hope it stays with them all through the year.\" Let the giving begin.For more details look up http://joyofgivingweek.ning.com/", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16619049", "title": "FIBA Asia Championship: India roll past Kazakhstan", "text": "NAGPUR: With their focus mainly on the post play, India tried many plays in defence for a better part of their second game and kept Kazakhstan at a distance for a facile 82-65 win - their second in as many days - in the 21st FIBA Asia Championship for U-18 women at the Bandaraya Stadium in Malaysia on Sunday.This 17-point win over Kazakhstan made Indian cagers the leading contenders for a place in the promotion qualifying games, with a clash against another challenger Hong Kong coming up on Monday.The result from India's third game will give a clear picture on how things might shape up in the Level II of the competition. Two teams will earn the right to take on the bottom two finishers of Level I fighting for the promotion to next edition's Elite Level.Power forward from Chhattisgarh Sharanjeet Kaur joined the scoring party for the winners on Monday. In her 32-minute presence, Sharanjeet emerged as the leader scoring with 22 points. Pune girl Shireen Limaye continued her impressive show with yet another all-round show with 9 points, 11 rebounds, 6 steals and 4 assists.Kerala's post play specialist PS Jeena once again shared the scoring honours with yet another double-double that included 17 points and 15 rebounds. Tamil Nadu hoopsters Prasannan Geetha (13) and Rajapriyadarshini Rajaganapathi (12) too did well under the board for the winners.For Kazakhstan, Dinara Moldakhmetova played well for a 21-point effort.The quarter-wise progress in India's favour read 21-17, 19-18, 19-15, 23-15.With an important game to play against Hong Kong on Monday almost all the Indian cagers got a good feel of the court on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16621557", "title": "A drawing contest for children with cancer", "text": "COIMBATORE: Little Imran and Aswin both five years old were excitedly showing their artwork to observers, explaining what they had drawn and why. Like any normal child, they enjoyed playing with colours and creating pictures. However, these children are far from normal in that they all have cancer. They were part of a drawing competition organized for children with cancer at the Sri Ramakrishna Institute of Oncology in the city on Sunday.Dr P Guhan the director of the institute said they were conducting the competition so that these children could have a platform to showcase their talents. This is a chance for them to get out of their wards and enjoy a different atmosphere. \"They love to interact with others and long for a chance to be involved in such projects,\" he said. College students who had been frequenting the wards for the past year were enthusiastic in holding the event.M Balamurugan works at a private firm in Tirupur and stays at the hospital with his son Gokulakrishnan a class 8 student, who was admitted there two months ago after he was diagnosed with blood cancer. He said that such competitions helped children to think about the beautiful things in life instead of their illness which can be quite painful and tedious. Gokulakrishnan will return to school after receiving treatment for six months.Students who helped organize the event said the children were really excited about the event. \"Most kids get used to their situation easily. They undergo painful procedures but when they get through it, they look upon it with some humour. Most of them get cured as their illness was detected at an early stage,\" said Dr Guhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16623825", "title": "Shahid bonding with Harman Baweja", "text": "Guess who is bonding big time - Shahid Kapoor and Harman Baweja .Priyanka Chopra is not the only common thing connecting the two actors. Apparently the duo share the same gym too.A source said, \"Shahid and Harman go to the same gym and are often seen mingling, talking and bonding over exercises.\" Apparently, both, share the same trainer too. \"Thus the two are often seen exchanging tips on fitness.\"Interestingly, Harman was mistaken for Hrithik Roshan initially. \"Harman's demeanour was such that he was mistaken for Hrithik. But it was only when the members took a closer look that they got to know that it was Harman pumping iron with Shahid. But the two are definitely enjoying each other's company for sure,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16618834", "title": "Advance paid as \u2018special case\u2019 to Sancheti firms", "text": "MUMBAI: Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation's (VIDC) benevolence towards BJP MP Ajay Sancheti went beyond giving illegal contracts to his company. The contractor received a mobilization advance of Rs 121 crore despite various government circulars which prohibited such advances. These circulars were later scrapped by the then water resources minister Ajit Pawar in 2008.Interestingly, resolutions signed by Pawar and VIDC executive director D P Shirke stated that the advance was paid to Sancheti's two firms as a special case. Strangely, the resolution also said that there was no provision in the tender for such advance payment. These resolutions were not signed by the secretary of water resources department, who is the ex-officio managing director of VIDC.TOI has also learned that in 2010, the VIDC's governing council stayed the rule granting three works per contractor. In March, the central water commission chairman, R C Jha, visited the Gosikhurd project and observed that the right bank main canal being executed by Sancheti had either collapsed or tilted by nine metres at various spots. But VIDC engineers defended the work, stating that this was due to geological conditions. Sancheti's SMS Infrastructure claims to be one of the largest infrastructure companies in Central India with an employee base of over 1,300 people and a turnover of around Rs 1,100 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16621136", "title": "Cogeneration plants to contribute 638 MW power by March 2013", "text": "PUNE: Cogeneration projects with installed capacity to generate 374 MW power will start functioning by the end of March 2013, taking the total power generation from cogeneration plants in the state to 1101 MW. Of the total power generation, 58%, about 638 MW, will be pumped in the state grid and remaining would be utilised by sugar factories to meet their daily energy requirements.The leftovers after crushing sugarcane are dried and converted into bagasse. The bagasse is used for combustion to generate power. It meets the power requirement of the sugar factories and surplus can be pumped into the state grid. Cogeneration has become additional source of income for many sugar factories in the state.Speaking to TOI, state sugar commissioner Vijay Singhal said, \"As many as 22 sugar factories in the state have started construction of cogeneration project in the vicinity of the factories. The power is primarily used for running the sugar factory, generally during the period between November and April. In the last few years, the crushing capacity of sugar factories from Western Maharashtra has increased, leading to increase in power generation. Today, 601.4 MW power is generated by cogen plants of 37 sugar factories and another 22 factories are nearing completion of their cogen plants. They will add 374.5 MW and once these 22 projects start operating, total power output will be 1,101 MW by the end of this fiscal.\" Another seven cogen projects are in the pipeline, he added.However, rising investment ratio per megawatt and power price remain major hurdles in the cogen sector. The umbrella body of all the sugar factories running cogeneration plants - the Cogeneration Association of India (CAI) claimed that Rs 4 crore per megawatt investment was required four years ago. This has increased to Rs 6.25 crore per megawatt. Sanjeev Babar, executive director of the CAI, said, \"The state distribution company buys cogen power at Rs 4.79 per unit. The input cost has gone up. Hence, we want revision of power purchase rate to Rs 5.42 per unit. A petition to this effect has been submitted to the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission.\" The members are going to make a presentation before the regulatory commission on October 18 in Mumbai, said Babar.The sugar development fund, a corpus created at the national level to provide financial aid to sugar factories used to offer funding at 4% interest rate for cogen plants, he said. \"The Union government increased the interest rate to 7%. Out of total investment required for a cogen project, 30% amount used to come from sugar development fund, but since February this year, the share has been reduced to 20%. The Cogen India has also requested the Union government to increase funding to 40% with 4% interest rate,\" Babar said.EoM/ND", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16618933", "title": "Nothing has changed for Gurgaon expressway", "text": "GURGAON: Sunday was a relative breeze but anxiety is growing over the Delhi-Gurgaon commute - and the mega hurdle of a toll gate - from Monday. It's the same jams again since toll has been re-introduced, even if peak hours are exempt.Said Manoj Kumar a doctor, who is a regular commuter between Delhi and Gurgaon: \"Though there are no barriers at the toll plaza during peak hours, nothing much seems to have changed. I can't figure out why the management is unable to learn from experience.\" Could it be because they are just not up to it?One reason for the confusion is the new \"split toll system.\" Before you reach the actual exit point, you are checked by tired-looking men in temporary kiosks wielding handheld devices that will check your tag. If the experience since Friday is anything to go by, either the machines are slow, or the men are not trained. Or, as is likely, both.Concessionaire DGSCL, however, claimed that the output of vehicles being processing has doubled since the introduction of the split system. There is no way to disprove this claim, apart from your daily experience. Also, there is no data which might argue in favour of the new system.Other stakeholders like traffic police and NHAI, as usual, have been absconding from the scene of crime. Says Yogesh Kochhhar, strategic director, Microsoft, \"I don't see marshals, or traffic policemen, and I am not sure if NHAI has deputed even an observer to study if the court directions are being followed, or if they are yielding results. So, what's new?\"KK Sindhu, Gurgaon city police commissioner was evasive on the issue. \"We are just facilitators,\" he said. What his men would facilitate and how, remains as mysterious now as before the court intervention. Sindhu blamed the concessionaire for the mess. \"It is the duty of DGSCL to manage traffic on the expressway. Infrastructure development and management is the job of NHAI and DGSCL,\" he said.But why are his men invisible like dark matter when the jam sessions are on? According to him, DGSCL has been reluctant to pay the police for its services on a road, which they apparently ought to as they are charging commuters for the service.The general incompetence that has characterised the expressway operations is affecting Gurgaon's image as a business centre. \"Easy connectivity influences one's choice of the city to live and work in. Many surveys suggest that employee productivity is affected when commuting becomes an ordeal. Your best energies are spent in negotiating the bottlenecks,\" said Arvind Singhal, chairman, Technopak.Experts suggest that DGSCL, NHAI and the police must come together to provide an effective solution to the commuters. And they should do it NOW. \"The solution to decongest the toll plaza lies in a staggered lane system, which should start at least four kilometres before the toll plaza, demarcating lanes for commuters going towards Delhi, Jaipur or Udyog Vihar. This will filter the vehicles over a longer duration and save time at the toll plaza,\" said Rohit Baluja, president, Institute of Road and Traffic Education. Many others say the toll should just be scrapped.The fact is, the time for talks and shifting of blame is long over. The solutions are all there. The question really is that of competence. Are the stakeholders competent to run the expressway?You know the answer because Monday morning is here. Good luck.Udyog Vihar link a relief for commutersThe Udyog Vihar link road connecting the expressway to the business district of Gurgaon has provided relief to the commuters. DGSCL has put up banners to inform the users about the new road, which is likely to be used by 15,000 vehicles during peak hours daily. DGSCL has decided to provide the details of cash users who enter the tag lanes to traffic police for issuing of challans. They have requested more deployment of cops for traffic management.Times View : Scrap this toll nowToll roads are expected to offer a smoother ride and a better driving experience. Despite many efforts, including those initiated by the court, the Gurgaon expressway doesn't \u2014 mostly due to its choked toll gate. In other words, tolling is defeating the main purpose of the toll road. It should, therefore, be scrapped. To make the Gurgaon expressway a toll road was a misconceived idea in the first place. Having a hurdle like a toll gate between Delhi and its most popular suburb is like having a toll gate between, say, Defence Colony and Lajpat Nagar. This is the main road to Gurgaon (the other road, MG Road, leads from a different part of Delhi to a different part of Gurgaon), and it just can't remain choked. As traffic grows over the years - tolling is supposed to continue until 2023 \u2014 this toll nightmare will only get ten times worse. Hence, it's essential to find a lasting solution to the problem, and that solution is scrapping the toll.The concessionaire will, of course, object to this. After all, he has sunk in lots of money to build the expressway. So, he must be compensated by the government which, in any case, collects taxes from the people to build physical and social infrastructure for them. This road is as critical for the growth of Gurgaon \u2014 where many top Indian and Fortune 500 MNCs have their headquarters \u2014 as it is for the growth of the country's capital. Unhindered travel to Gurgaon will attract more industry, lead to the development of neighbouring towns, usher in rapid urbanization, growth in commerce \u2014 in short, it will lead to a boom. And overall, the government will earn much more by way of higher revenues than it would have to cough up as compensation to the concessionaire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16619202", "title": "Chief minister promises ways to stabilize bakeries", "text": "MARGAO: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Sunday said the government would devise ways to provide some \"stability\" to bakery units in the state.\"Pao is an essential item of every Goan's diet, and therefore, I have asked them to furnish details of their costing to me. The government will analyze the costing and work out a way to provide some stability to the business,\" Parrikar said.Speaking on the demands of shack owners, Parrikar said it was imperative that the number of shacks on the beach be controlled. He dismissed suggestions that the state government enact a legislation governing the shacks. \"As it (beaches) does not come under the state subject, there can be no state law on the issue,\" Parrikar said.Asked to comment over the law and order situation of the state in the wake of rise in thefts and burglaries, Parrikar said that he has already \"pinched\" the police force into action.\"For the past 3-4 years (in the previous government), there was no accountability in the police force and this had become a habit for them. They can't act like that any more,\" Parrikar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16620433", "title": "No respite for locals as A2Z strike continues", "text": "KANPUR: The A2Z workers strike reached to its ninth day here on Sunday. The flooded dustbins and stinking garbage bins gave locals a tough time who were helpless as even municipal workers did not came on work, being it a holiday.Though the municipal workers are collecting the locality wastes at garbage dumping yards but being it a Sunday, even the Municipal workers remained on off.According to the locals, mosquitoes are breeding fast in accumulated waste. \"The accumulated garbage, which has turned into a thick stinking slime, is giving nightmares to people\", said Sailesh, resident of Babupurwa coloney.The locals rued over the poor management of the A2Z company, which is giving them hardships due to their internal disputes with workers.The municipal authorities when asked about the as to when will the stike end, they said that the strike is over in many wards and work in left over wards will also started soon. Till then KMC workers will go to localities for garbage lifting. However, the authorities gave no assurance of household garbage lifting till the A2Z strike ends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16620470", "title": "Fadnis is Madhya Pradesh Stock Exchange's first chairman", "text": "INDORE: Chairman of accounting standards board of Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) Manoj Fadnis has been appointed as chairman of Madhya Pradesh Stock Exchange (MPSE). He has become the first chairman of the Exchange.The decision was taken during the annual general body meeting of MPSE held on Saturday.Fadnis is member of ICAI since 2001.Talking to ToI, Fadnis, said, \"I have been associated with MPSE in my capacity as independent director on its board for past three years and my job was to see that the interest of stakeholders of the stock exchange was kept in mind. In my new capacity as chairman, I will continue to do the job to the extent possible.\"Anil Bhandari and Santosh Muchhal have been reappointed on the board of MPSE.Star Delta Transformers (SDT) has become the first company from MPSE to be traded at BSE. The listing ceremony in this connection will be held at MPSE on Monday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16623646", "title": "Nara Rohit's Okkadine audio on Oct 14", "text": "The audio release of Srinivasa Raga-directed romantic and family drama Okkadine, starring Nara Rohith and Nithya Menen, will be held on October 14 in Hyderabad. The film, which expounds love and familial affection with reference to the contemporary living, has completed the entire shooting and producer CV Reddy says that the movie will surely consolidate the image of Rohith as a good performer.Post production activities are going on in full swing and Okkadine is set for a release in early November. Sai Kumar, Chandra Mohan, Kota and Ali play important roles in this film, which has soundtrack provided by Karthik. Chintapalli Ramana is penning the dialogues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16620415", "title": "1dead, 2 hurt as mall scaffolding gives way", "text": "LUDHIANA: One labourer died and two others were critically injured when they fell from the sixth floor of an under construction mall near Fountain Chowk while working on a scaffolding on Sunday afternoon. The deceased was identified as Kundan Kumar, 24, while Shiv Kumar and Sudhir Kumar were seriously injured. The other labourers at the construction site said the victims hail from Bihar and the mishap happened at around 1pm. Around 31 labourers were removing the lenter scaffolding on the sixth floor when it suddenly fell on them and forced the platform the victims were standing upon to crumble and give up. The eyewitnesses said while two labourers fell from sixth floor to a reservoir filled with water on ground floor, Kundan got stuck in the safety net suspended above the ground. The labourers on the site took him to Dayanand Medical College and Hospital but he was declared brought dead by doctors. Police officers and fire tenders reached the spot when informed and fireman rescued the two labourers who fell in the deep water reservoir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16623901", "title": "Paanch Adhyay", "text": "CreditsWriter-Director: Pratim D. Gupta Cast: Priyanshu Chatterjee, Ishita Music: Shantanu Moitra Lyrics: Anindya Chatterjee (Bengali), Chandril Bhattacharya (Bengali), Swanand Kirkire (Hindi), Pratim (English) Release Date: October 19, 2012SynopsisPaanch Adhyay is the story of love found and lost in the lives of a contemporary Indian couple, told in moments past and present. Plunged into passion from the moment they meet in Kolkata, Arindam (Priyanshu Chatterjee) and Ishita's ( Dia Mirza ) different ideologies - towards life and art - push them apart.The film releases on October 19, the Durga Puja week in Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16619871", "title": "'Discard family bonds to uphold values'", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Ramayana is a moving drama that explores family relationships between son and father, brother and brother and husband and wife. It also tells us that there is nothing wrong in discarding family relations to uphold values in life.Speaking at the 20th AMA week on the theme ideal family relationships and values, spiritual teacher Dr Prema Pandurang from Chennai, said Ramayana touches every facet of human life. It is woven around common human failings but never wavers from the central theme of dharma or righteousness.\"Ramayana is an ocean,\" Pandurang said. \"It explores human nature, situations which are common to many of us but uncommon in their effects on people around us. The characters are sublime. Metaphors are moving, emotions are distilled, warfare is chilling, hatred is coldblooded, adventures thrilling and devotion is enlightening. It portrays conflict between man and man, God and man, beast and God, between beast and demon. Ultimately it is only dharma that triumphs. Ramayana carries us to lofty heights, noble goals, nudges us to better behavior, be sensitive to others.\"Referring to various scenes in the epic from the time when Rama was banished from the kingdom and his return to Ajodhya, he says Ramayana is a beacon of light on relationships. It emphasizes values which are to be practiced in daily life.An important lesson of the epic is that the institution of marriage is sacrosanct. It is sad to see that life partners are ready to break the solemn bond that binds couples. Pandurang said that more 'asking' than 'giving' endangers the bond. In Ramayana, Rama and Sita stand as an ideal couple. They stay together whether in joy or in sorrow. Co-existences at all times is the essence of husband-wife relationship not merely forging physical bonds.\"Sita and Rama were classic example practicing absolute self-control. Whenever there was disagreement she conveyed her feelings in the most decorous way. In one instance, Rama tells that Sita that when it comes to upholding value 'I will give up everything in life including you,' displaying unswerving allegiance to truth,\" Pandurang added.Another feature of Ramayana is the Vibhisana episode, where he breaks away from Ravana and backs Rama. \"This emphasizes that sometimes family relations have to be broken to uphold values. Otherwise it is compromise. Ramayana teaches through examples and models on when family relations should be chosen and when they need to be discarded.\"A reading of Ramayana also helps understand what is true love between brothers as one can glean from conversations between Rama and Lakshmana before going into exile and between Bharata and Rama when he comes to the forest to take back Rama to Ayodhya and crown him king. Brotherhood in Ramayana enshrines selflessness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16620678", "title": "176 years on, Britain lifts \u2018night wedding\u2019 ban", "text": "LONDON: Just married at 3 am! With the lifting of the 176-year-old ban on marrying at night, now Las Vegas-style weddings can take place in Britain from Monday.The government is reforming the marriage law, which dates from 1836, so that people can marry outside the hours of 8am-6 pm.Civil partnerships can also be held at any time of day with the removal of the traditional time restrictions starting from Monday.The change, to be brought in by the Home Office after public consultation, is designed to give people more choice. It is also hoped that it will unblock long waits to get to the altar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16619162", "title": "Centre likely to replicate Rajasthan's model on direct cash subsidy", "text": "JAIPUR: In a rare feat for the state, the pilot project of direct cash subsidy, started in Alwar, is likely to be followed throughout the country. The observations made during the pilot project have been inculcated by the Union government in its final draft of the policy which will be implemented soon.To check corruption and pilferage of subsidised items, the government has started its ambitious scheme of direct cash transfers to the beneficiaries. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had set up a committee to supervise the time-bound implementation of the project that will cover a quarter of all households in the country.However, to study the model and its implication, Kot Kasim in Alwar was chosen for field trial. After reviewing its impact in Alwar, the Central government will replicate the system across the country. In the testing phase, the service has been extended to 15,000 beneficiaries.\"It is for the first time that such a project has been launched in the country. The government's role is to provide the subsidy directly to bank accounts of beneficiaries in the form of cash. The money can be used for purchasing subsidised items\" said sources.The observations of transferring cash in the bank accounts once in three months and not every month, providing incentives to the dealers and adding up more number of items at public distribution system (PDS) shops are among the features which have become a part of the final policy. All these observations were emerged from the experiments in Kot Kasim.\"The trials in Alwar have been exceptionally well. We have implemented the scheme in Alwar and showed how it can be done. The central team has taken all the details from us. Though not everything suggested by us will be implemented across the country and the scheme will differ from state to state, the basics will remain same everywhere,\" said a government official.\"The observations here helped to make the scheme more effective and better. We hope that it will revolutionize the PDS in the country and Kota Kasim will be the nursery of it,\" added the official.The direct cash subsidy system was mooted in 1986. However, the fears of backlash from the beneficiaries loomed over it and could not be implemented. Observers believe that the biggest benefit of the trials in Rajasthan is that it had dispelled all those apprehensions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16620369", "title": "Ludhianvis tap, sway to salsa beats", "text": "LUDHIANA: Dancing is quickly becoming a new way of socializing in Ludhiana, and with dance workshops in city allowing a fusion of Bollywood and Latin forms, residents are a thrilled lot. On the concluding day of the Punjab International Salsa Festival (PISF) on Sunday, residents, old and young, enjoyed every bit of the festival, picking dancing and styling tips from experts. Salsa artist from France, Amillie Pontailier and other artist across the country were quite impressed by the way Punjabis, especially city residents, imbibed the Latino moves. One of the organizer said, \"The festival was a perfect opportunity for dance lovers to learn the art form directly from artists of international acclaim. Even the residents put in their best to give dance performances that impressed the artists from all across the country.\" The main attraction of the concluding day were the performances by Santosh and Suman from Salsa India (Mumbai) and Yavit and Titil from Salsa India (Delhi), also featuring a special Indo-Latin fusion by all the artistes as the finale act featuring Amelie (France), Yann (France), Santosh Ram K S (Bangalore), Sachin Raju (Bangalore), Sangita B Kushwaha (Ludhiana), Varun and Barsha (Chandigarh), Mika Dhillon (Ludhiana) and Mehar Malik. One of the dance expert said, \"We were not expecting such a huge response from Punjab. The enthusiasm and passion displayed for salsa seem to fit naturally with the youngsters of Punjab. The exposure during this workshop was amazing and I'm sure it left residents wanting more such events in the future.\" One of the participants and resident of Model Town, Shweta, said, \"We learned, partied, enjoyed and had loads of fun during the workshops. It's a good way to burn off fat while enjoying ones passion for dancing. I hope similar workshops are organized often in the city.\" A K Laddi, a choreographer and resident of Kitchlu Nagar, said, \"Salsa is casual in style and easy to pick up plus its a good way of releasing pressure. Quite different from ballroom dancing, in salsa the most important thing to keep in mind is to enjoy it. Such opportunities should keep coming to the city.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16618981", "title": "Day after: Celebs, students clean up Girgaum Chowpatty", "text": "MUMBAI: Celebrities, along with 800 students, came forward to clean Girgaum Chowpatty as part of the Times Green Ganesha drive on Sunday morning. Actors Juhi Chawla , Jackie Shroff and Shaina NC of I love Mumbai foundation visited the beach and urged people to show their concern for the environment and help Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation clean the beach.Students from several city schools and colleges took part in the clean-up drive in order to rid Mumbai of the pollution caused by festivals. Speaking on this occasion, Juhi said, \"I am happy to be a part of this campaign, which tries to create awareness among people to celebrate festivals in an eco-friendly manner. We must care about our environment by supporting eco-friendly initiatives.\"Jackie Shroff said, \"I am a Mumbai resident and it is my duty to keep my city clean. It's our duty that we do not pollute our city. Let us all clean up the beach and support BMC who is doing a great job. I am happy to be part of the Times Green Ganesha initiative.\"Also present were cartoon characters Bade and Chhote from 9XM. They cheered the students, who had enthusiastically turned out in large numbers to support this initiative.IRB Infrastructure Developers Ltd. presents Times Green Ganesha powered by MPCB. RCF Ltd. is a co-sponsor. 9XM and Zee Marathi are TV partners and this is an initiative for Times Red Cell.BMC to turn flower waste into compostOver 1,000 labourers posted by BMC's solid waste management department segregated flower waste from the city beaches and sent it for composting on Sunday. A total of 27 city beaches are used for Ganesh immersions.The BMC had kept 180 'nirmalya kalash' (bins) and 1,200 vehicles to collect and transport the flower waste to compositing centres. School students and NGO volunteers too helped BMC in cleaning the beaches. Civic standing panel chief Rahul Shewale said, \"The compost will be used in civic gardens as manure. More than 200 metric tonnes nirmalya was collected on Saturday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16621008", "title": "Foreigners join Ganesha immersion celebrations", "text": "PUNE: The immersion procession accompanied by dhol-tasha and music and dancing proved a treat for foreign nationals residing in the city. Many of them donned traditional attires, while others danced to the beats of dhol, as they participated in bidding Ganapati adieu.Pune is home to many foreign students and working professionals. Also, many European students who are in Mumbai, Thane, Aurangabad and Pune, as part of student exchange programmes, had arrived in the city in the last two days for the immersion processions.A group of foreign nationals who were dressed in traditional Indian attire participated in the procession of the Kasba Ganapati, the first 'manacha' Ganapati. Grace Guthrie, from the US, said, \"It was exciting to see the energy and enthusiasm of the people. I have witnessed the Krishna Janmasthami celebrations earlier, so I was expecting this kind of a celebration.\"Miguel Angel Lopez, a Mexican student, said, \"I was told that there would be some people on the road, but I found more people than expected. The music is new to me, but it was fun to be part of it. So many people came and greeted us, which was a nice feeling.\"Deepak Mahajan of Rotary Club of Sinhagad, who was looking after the foreigners in the procession, said, \"There were some 40 students participating from 33 different countries of which 21 had come to Pune from Mumbai, Thane and Aurangabad.\" All the students will be spending some time in India and will learn about the lifestyle, culture among other things.Maya Lozinski, a resident of California who is in Pune, said, \"The band performance was the most attractive part of the procession. Celebrating on the streets is also done in the US, but here it was different as it had a religious and cultural aspect attached to the celebrations.\"Lena Mallmann of Germany was seen rejoicing with eight of her friends from different countries. \"This was the first time I witnessed the Ganesh festival. It unites people from various parts of the world. It was a long festival because of which the city had been abuzz with a special exuberance,\" she said.Julio Rodrigues from Ecuador said, \"I enjoyed the immersion procession. I had no idea that it was such a prolonged ceremony. Hence, I got to see the beauty of this festival for a longer duration. I, however, missed the 'gulal' being thrown around.\" Foreign nationals have been known to attend the immersion procession. This time, though, a couple of groups were seen dancing to Bollywood remixes played by some Ganesh mandals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16620204", "title": "Jagadish Shettar orders fresh survey in 92 villages", "text": "MANGALORE: There is a ray of hope for those reportedly affected by endosulfan poisoning in 92 villages in four taluks of Dakshina Kannada district with chief minister Jagadish Shettar on Saturday agreeing to most of the district administration's recommendations on the Kerala model package, barring cash compensation.\"The chief minister has ordered a comprehensive survey of all villages to be completed by October . The cash compensation will be decided after the survey is complete. All the remaining recommendations regarding providing medical assistance to the affected has been agreed upon,'' deputy commissioner N S Channappa Gowda told TOI.Endosulfan Virodhi Horatha Samiti president Sridhar Gowda said: \"We want a scientific study done. Saturday's meeting would have been meaningful if experts like Sree Padre and Ravindranath Shanbhag, who have done extensive studies at Padre village, were included. The meeting was based on media reports.\"The administration's recommendations included fresh survey to identify victims in 92 villages where Karnataka Cashew Development Corporation has plantations and spraying was done using helicopters; issuance of smart cards to all those identified so that free medical assistance could be given and providing vehicles at strategic points so that physically challenged can be taken to hospitals.Other suggestions include stationing of medical staff and mobile medical unit for emergency care at each gram panchayat.Free ration on the lines of what is being given to below poverty line families was recommended by the administration to the victims' families irrespective of their economic condition.Endosulfan victims to get aid packageAs per the Kerala model, physically and mentally challenged victims will get a one-time compensation package. The Kerala government has agreed to give Rs 3 lakh of the Rs 5-lakh compensation, suggested by the National Human Rights Commission, in two installments. The Kerala government order states that the remaining Rs 2 lakh will be deposited in bank from which Rs 2,000 will be given as monthly assistance for five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mysore/mandya", "code": "16620207", "title": "Police tighten vigil at Cauvery belt, BSF will take guard", "text": "MYSORE/MANDYA: With the Cauvery winding its way to Tamil Nadu following Karnataka government's decision to comply with the directive of the Supreme Court, life in Cauvery belt was severely affected on Sunday. Bus services to Bangalore via Mandya were withdrawn following protests against the state and union governments.One company of BSF is arriving in the troubled region in an indication of the worsening law and order situation. A company of Rapid Action Force (RAF), the striking force, too will join the Southern Range, which is getting additional cops from central, eastern and northern ranges.With farmers launching a series of agitations in Mandya district, traffic along the Mysore-Bangalore expressway was thrown out of gear. Police are keeping a tight vigil at KRS and Kabini dams from where water was released at 12.30am.Notwithstanding the prohibitory orders, which were imposed late on Saturday night ahead of the water release to preempt farmers from gathering at the site, agitators gathered near KRS dam in an act of defiance.Led by Karnataka Rajya Raitha Sangha leader and former MLA K S Puttannaiah, some 400 farmers staged a sit-in before being arrested. They were later released. At H D Kote, farmers were stopped from reaching Kabini dam site by a strong posse of police and arrested and released. However, the farmers have said they will continue the agitation.Southern Range IGP K Ramachandra Rao said the situation is under control. \"There are no untoward incidents. We are getting a company of BSF which will assist police. A company of RAF will be stationed at Mandya and Mysore,\" he told TOI.Mandya police have thrown a security cover around KRS dam which witnessed midnight protest before the water was released as agitators led by JD(S) MLC C S Puttaraju tried to storm the dam.They were taken into preventive custody. Police have taken over the KRS and Kabini dams following the state government's decision to release water to Tamil Nadu. Early in the morning as the news started to spread, there were widespread protests in Mandya district with farmers blocking Mysore-Bangalore expressway.At 6 am, villagers of Gejjalagere near Maddur blocked the highway and started cooking on the road. They shared the food with the stranded passengers. The road blockades continued all along the stretch and across the district.The agitators targeted trains too with Bangalore-bound Tipu Express detained at Mandya station for 10 minutes. The railway police removed the agitators who laid on the rails and cleared the tracks. In Mandya, education institutions will remain closed on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "kolkata/new delhi", "code": "16622934", "title": "Apple may open exclusive stores in India", "text": "KOLKATA/NEW DELHI: Apple, the maker of iPhones and iPads, is evaluating the possibility of setting up its own stores in India, if the Indian government eases local sourcing conditions, said two senior executives who have business relations with the California-based company in India.It might be easier for Apple, the world's most valuable company, to set up stores if the government allows its IT outsourcing operations in India to be included as part of the mandatory 30 per cent local sourcing requirement, the two executives said.Apple refused to comment on its India plans or whether it would ask the government to provide flexibility with regard to local sourcing norms.\"We don't comment on rumours and speculation,\" said a company spokesman in reply to an email query.Traditionally, India has not been a high-priority market for Apple, and it takes months before its newly-launched products start selling in India officially through re-sellers.CEO Tim Cook had told analysts during a conference call two months back that the multi-layered distribution in India adds to the cost of bringing products to the Indian market.But one of the executives mentioned above said the growing popularity of iPhones, iPads, and other Apple products in India was prompting the company to explore the option of increasing its engagement with the country.\"Undoubtedly, Apple is interested in setting up its own stores now that the demand for its product has increased. But it wants some flexibility in the 30 per cent sourcing norms. At present, it does not buy anything from India nor is it likely to source anything immediately, apart from IT services,\" one of the executives said, requesting anonymity.Apple is famously secretive about its outsourcing contracts. Arecent media report said the company undertakes annual outsourcing projects worth Rs 500 crore from India and this is expected to rise significantly.Like Apple, many electronics and high-end brands such as Sony and Rolex may want to set up stores of their own in India for better control and distribution, but the stiff sourcing norms have held them back. Typically, these companies make their wares in one or two countries from where they are shipped across the globe.\"To think that Rolex will suddenly start sourcing watch parts from India is absurd,\" said a person working on a few single-brand proposals said.Diljeet Titus, senior partner at law firm Titus &amp; Co, who is also working with single-brand foreign companies, including IKEA, said there is a way out for such marquee labels. \"We will seek clarity from the government on whether a singlebrand retail company can fulfil the local sourcing condition by sourcing unrelated items, not core to its business, for exports to third parties. After all, the government's main intention is to augment manufacturing in the country and this clearly addresses the issue,\" he said, adding that one of his clients is ready for this option.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16620083", "title": "Teachers' association opposes increase in school hours", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar Secondary School Teachers' Association has strongly opposed the state government's decision to increase working hours in government-run secondary and higher secondary (Plus two) schools by one hour. The new timetable will come into force from October 1, 2012, in all 2,937 such schools across the state.As per a recent order, the schools would now function from 9am to 4pm, opening an hour earlier than the existing schedule. It means a government teacher would now have to remain in school for seven hours in a day, i.e. 42 hours in a six-day week. Earlier, the teachers in Bihar used to spend only six hours a day at their schools. The decision would affect over 20,000 regular and contractual teachers working in such schools.Association's general secretary and MLC Kedar Nath Pandey, in a letter sent to education minister P K Shahi on September 27, has demanded immediate rollback of the decision 'in the interest of students', citing examples of difficulties to be faced by the rural and poor students due to change in the schools' timetable.\"In rural areas majority of students reach high schools after walking several kilometres. The concept of preparing morning breakfast separately for schoolchildren still doesn't exist in most of the poor families in villages. If the school opening time is fixed at 9am, the poor students would be compelled to leave their house at 8am for the school without taking their lunch,\" Pandey told TOI on Sunday.He said, in 2007, the then principal secretary of education department had ordered working of secondary schools from 8am to 2pm in urban areas and from 9am to 3pm in rural areas. At that time too, several rural students used to fall at prayer meetings due to weakness because they were compelled to come to school without taking their lunch.After a thorough discussion in both the Houses of the state legislature on the issue of difficulties facing the rural students, the school opening time was again reverted to 10am, said Pandey, who is also a member of Bihar legislative council. Shahi could not be reached for his comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16620772", "title": "Gurgaon expressway: Scrap this toll now", "text": "Toll roads are expected to offer a smoother ride and a better driving experience. Despite many efforts, including those initiated by the court, the Gurgaon expressway doesn't \u2014 mostly due to its choked toll gate. In other words, tolling is defeating the main purpose of the toll road. It should, therefore, be scrapped. To make the Gurgaon expressway a toll road was a misconceived idea in the first place. Having a hurdle like a toll gate between Delhi and its most popular suburb is like having a toll gate between, say, Defence Colony and Lajpat Nagar. This is the main road to Gurgaon (the other road, MG Road, leads from a different part of Delhi to a different part of Gurgaon), and it just can't remain choked. As traffic grows over the years - tolling is supposed to continue until 2023 \u2014 this toll nightmare will only get ten times worse. Hence, it's essential to find a lasting solution to the problem, and that solution is scrapping the toll.The concessionaire will, of course, object to this. After all, he has sunk in lots of money to build the expressway. So, he must be compensated by the government which, in any case, collects taxes from the people to build physical and social infrastructure for them. This road is as critical for the growth of Gurgaon \u2014 where many top Indian and Fortune 500 MNCs have their headquarters \u2014 as it is for the growth of the country's capital. Unhindered travel to Gurgaon will attract more industry, lead to the development of neighbouring towns, usher in rapid urbanization, growth in commerce \u2014 in short, it will lead to a boom. And overall, the government will earn much more by way of higher revenues than it would have to cough up as compensation to the concessionaire.Related story:  Nothing has changed for Gurgaon expressway", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16620209", "title": "Experts will visit state on Oct 5", "text": "MYSORE: District minister S A Ramdas on Sunday said an expert team deputed by the Centre will visit the state to assess the ground situation in the Cauvery basin on October 5.Indicating that the government could continue releasing water at least till the team visits the state, he defended the government's move to release 9,000 cusecs to Tamil Nadu and said chief minister Jagadish Shettar had thought to resign on Saturday to protect the interest of farmers.\"It was felt that it will not help the cause and we abided by the Apex court's directive,\" he told reporters.According to him, the Centre has conveyed to the state that it will depute a team to study the water position and suggest measures. It should help the fight of the state which is hamstrung in the absence of a distress formula, he said.On the Congress leaders' attack on the BJP government, he said: \"We'd invited the Congress leaders to attend the Cauvery River Authority meeting. But they didn't. Now, it should not politicize the issue but lead a delegation to the Centre. We'll support it.\"He pointed out that former prime minister H D Deve Gowda had released water in 1995 when he was the CM and Congress leader S M Krishna too complied with the SC order in 2002.Meanwhile, the city witnessed protests against the water release with former MLA M K Somashekar and pro-Kannada activists taking to the streets.Meanwhile, the KSRTC on Sunday withdrew its high-end Volvo bus services to Bangalore.Though it operated buses to Bangalore through Kanakapura, it withdrew the Volvo services fearing trouble. The Volvo buses are not operating between Bangalore and Mysore from Sunday.\"We withdrew services as a precautionary measure. We stopped bus services via Mandya, but are operating buses to Bangalore via Kanakapura,\" Mysore (rural) divisional controller T R Naveen told TOI.It has withdrawn its services across Mandya district.The train services remained uninterrupted except for Tipu Express which was detained in Mandya.However, there was heavy rush with commuters switching to rail service to travel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16619810", "title": "Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation to pre-audit civic works", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For the first time after almost two decades, the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) has felt the need to pre-audit civic works before making payments to contractors. Earlier payments were released soon after the contractors reported completion of a work while the audit department followed up raising objections to the payments made. This process brought huge losses to the AMC and contractors got away doing shoddy work.\"The pre-audit work has been outsourced to Ashok Chajjar and company by the finance department. This is mainly done to make sure first that the contractor has done the work according to the terms and conditions and that all prescribed quality measures had been undertaken. This pre-audit clearance will be a basis for making payments to contractors,\" says a senior officer of the AMCAs per the municipal commissioner's order, pre-audit of all tenders invited by the AMC will be done and then, final bill payment of work or supply will be cleared. The pre-audit will not be undertaken for salaries and pensions disbursed by the AMC. One of the advantages of the pre-audit system is the internal control which is intended to prevent or decrease the occurrence of innocent errors or intentional fraud. This is done by ensuring that no single individual has control over all phases of a transaction.The new pre-audit system will make it easier for settlement of audit objections and collection of arrears of taxes and non-taxes from contractors. \"The AMC has lost crores in the present audit system. Contractors had managed to skirt responsibilities and managed reduction in penalty amounts.For the time, pre-audit of all works above Rs 1 lakh will be taken up as a pilot project by the AMC. When asked if outsourcing AMC's audit work will clash with existing Bombay Provisional Municipal Corporation Act, the officer said, \"We need a large staff of at least 70 people to pre-audit municipal accounts. It is for this reason that the work is being outsourced by the finance department ,\" adds the officer. The only other municipal corporation which does pre-audit of its civic work is Vadodara. No other municipal corporation in the state has this provision in place.In a general audit system there are four general categories of duties: authorization, custody, record keeping and reconciliation. In an ideal system, different employees perform each of these four major functions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16621358", "title": "Chief minister on foundation laying spree ahead of urban polls", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With municipal elections less than six months away, chief minister Naveen Patnaik went on a foundation laying spree in Bhubaneswar on Sunday.Naveen laid foundations for three SC/ST hostels at Ghatikia, Khandagiri Tapovan High School and Pokhariput with a combined capacity to accommodate 1,450 boys and girls. \"The hostels will come up at an estimated cost of Rs 1 crore,\" said ST and SC development minister Lal Bihari Himirika.The Ghatikia and Pokhariput hostels will have facility for over 1,100 boys, while the one at Khandagiri will accommodate 300 girls. \"The students will be facilitated to study in good English medium schools in the state capital,\" Himirika said. The department has constructed over 1,000 hostels for the SC/ST students while another 1,000 are under construction in various parts of the state.The CM laid foundation stones for drinking water supply projects at Ghatikia, Kolthia, Jagmara and Sundarpada-Kapilprasad-Kapileshwar, all four projects to be executed by the housing and urban development department. Besides, he inaugurated the water supply project at Khandagiribari and underground water reservoir at Dharmavihar.He also laid the stone for Bhimtangi BDA Park, to be developed by Bhubaneswar Development Authority (BDA). The CM laid the foundation for a railway over-bridge near Lingaraj Road railway station at Pokhariput too. Sources said he would soon lay foundation stones for two more ROBs at Bomikhal and VSS Nagar in the city.Bhubaneswar is the largest of the 103 urban local bodies, including municipal corporations, municipalities, and notified area councils, which will go to polls in early 2013. The state government has of late initiated several schemes and projects specifically directed at the urban areas.The government on July 23 announced to extend the cash-for-pregnancy scheme 'Mamata' to urban areas, which it had launched for rural women ahead of panchayat elections in 2011. Women in the ULBs above 19 years of age will get Rs 5,000 in four installments during and after pregnancy: Rs 1,500 after six months of pregnancy, Rs 1,500 after their child becomes three months old, Rs 1,000 when the child is six months old and another Rs 1,000 when the child attains nine months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16621073", "title": "Punjab govt to start paddy procurement from today", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even as there are concerns about storage space for new paddy crop, Punjab government is all set to begin procurement of record 150 lakh MT of paddy in 1,770 notified mandis across the state on Monday against expected arrival of 135 lakh MT paddy during the current kharif season.Following a request from the state government, the Reserve Bank of India has sanctioned a cash credit limit of Rs 16,674 crore for the month of October even as total of Rs 22,509.90 crore will be spent for procurement of 135 lakh MT of paddy by the state procurement agencies.Though wheat from the previous season has not been lifted from mandis, the state government is promising that paddy would be lifted within 72 hours of purchase. Punjab Mandi Board and food and civil supplies department have constituted teams for raids and farmers could directly approach food and civil supplies department inspectors to check malpractices and short or extra measurement. Dispute redressal committees have been set up in every mandi, besides a 24-hour control room where farmers could contact in case of an emergency.The procurement agencies would purchase paddy at a minimum support price of Rs 1,250 per quintal for common and Rs 1,280 per quintal for grade 'A' during the current kharif season against Rs 1,080 and Rs 1,110 per quintal for these varieties during 2011-12. According to the state agriculture department , 163.68 lakh MT of paddy production is expected from an area of 28.10 lakh hectares.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16619183", "title": "Fire destroys Parra house, families in ruin", "text": "CALANGUTE: A house at Almeidavaddo, Parra, was burnt to the ground in a fire which broke out at around 3.30am on Sunday.No one was injured. Mapusa fire brigade officials said they received a call at 4.28am informing them of the fire, following which a fire tender rushed to the spot.Fire brigade personnel led by Ankush Malik brought the blaze under control within 15 minutes and fully extinguished all embers by 6.20am.The fire-fighting operation was supervised by senior fire officer Dattaram Redkar.It is learnt that the house was occupied by two brothers and their families, Krishna Shetty and Ramdas Shetty. The house was divided into two and the two families were staying in separate wings of the house.The fire is said to have broken out in the section occupied by Ramdas, who was not in the house at the time of the fire. The fire then spread to the other parts of the house and was first noticed by Krishna, who immediately rushed out of the house and raised an alarm.The fire reduced the roof to ashes and totally destroyed all household appliances like TVs, fridge, furniture and even melted the copper and steel utensils in the house.Fire brigade officials said the loss was estimated at 3,92,000, while the cause of the fire is under investigation. MLA Michael Lobo who rushed to the spot, said he arranged for immediate relief of 50,000 to the families from the chief minister's relief fund, and would donate his one month's salary of Rs one lakh. Parra panchayat also offered 10,000, while villagers have also offered aid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16619257", "title": "Waqf to record marriages", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite opposition from some Muslim groups, Delhi Waqf Board is planning to go ahead with its proposal to ensure registration of marriages in the community.\"It is true that few Muslim groups have opposed this proposal but we won't step back. It will be in the benefit of Muslims and efforts will be made to evolve an agreement,\" said Mufti Aijaz Arshad Qasmi, member of Delhi Waqf Board.He said, \"Due to opposition, there was no progress but now a draft will be prepared soon. Then efforts will be made to seek everybody's approval. We will also take Delhi government's help in this regard.\" Few months back, Delhi Waqf Board decided to make arrangements for registration of marriages in Muslim community for which qazis will be deputed in all nine districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "story", "code": "16623865", "title": "Puthiya Theerangal", "text": "Story: The story revolves around an orphaned girl (Thamara) and how the unexpected arrival of an old man changes her life.Movie Review: Sathyan Anthikad's Puthiya Theerangal offers a very few likable moments. One such moment happens in the middle of the film. It does not belong to any of the lead characters. A boy, who works as an assistant to a soda-maker, knows that his master loves a girl. His master has speech defect and the boy wants to help him. The boy walks to his master's heart-throb and exactly at that moment child-line workers hand him over to police. His master is also arrested. Both are in the jeep and the boy jumps out of the jeep, runs to the girl and tells her how much his master loves her.The scene charms and disappoints at the same time. Its appeal lies in its innocence. The fact that Anthikad needed a relatively irrelevant character to inspire a moving moment in the film explains the ordinary nature of the narrative.Anthikad places his lead character, Thamara ( Namitha Pramod), in a coastal village inhabited by warm-hearted folks. The narrative throws up some engaging characters like an old-woman who waits for her lover from Sri Lanka , a fisherman who cherishes the dream of becoming a film actor one day, a jovial man who just can't stop laughing after he had almost ran his bicycle over his drunkard father and so on.Not a single character in the film looks out of place. But Puthiya Theerangal turns ineffective. The reason is not that it fails to tell a compelling tale. In fact, the more the director strives to fashion a riveting tale out of a seemingly simple narrative, the more tiresome is the effect and the outcome is nothing less than ordinary.Namitha ensures a pleasing presence with her graceful looks and effortless portrayal of the character. Nedumudi Venu falls prey to a characterisation that demands clarity. Yet one can't be mindlessly dismissive about Puthiya Theerangal because the film stores certain moments which only Sathyan Anthikad can conjure up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "bolpur", "code": "16620797", "title": "Visva Bharati girl attacked by roommate", "text": "BOLPUR: A third-year student of Kala Bhavan was allegedly attacked by one of her roommates in her hostel on Sunday morning. Sources said the accused had used a sharp cutter-like thing while attacking the victim. [school of fine arts] alleged that one of her roommates attacked her with a sharp cutter-like thing . The girl against whom she lodged compliant also a student of the same department.The complainant also claimed that she went to the university hospital on a bicycle with the help of a friend and didn't get any assistance from the hostel officials, who were on duty. Her parents reached Shantiniketan on Sunday afternoon and took the girl to the Bolpur SDPO office to lodge a complaint.The girl from Kolkata's Naktala area said in her complaint that she was not in the Sri Sadan hostel on Saturday night. \"When she knocked on the doors of her hostel room on Sunday morning, the accused opened the door, pounced on the complainant and attacked her with a sharp cutter-like thing. She, somehow, managed to flee from the spot,\" the complaint said. girl alleged that the accused girl was not in the hostel room in the last night. On Sunday early morning she knocked at door. No sooner had she opened the door the accused girl pounced her with the sharp thing which they used in their sculpture-class. The girl originally hailed from Naktala area in Kolkata. The relatives of the girl told media that their daughter did not get any justice from university officials and finally decided to lodge compliant with police.Samit Roy, the proctor of Visva Bharati, said, \"The concerned principal informed me about the incident. We have already started a probe, though her parents did not meet me.\" Prasanto K Chowdhury, SDPO, Bolpur, said a case has been started. lodged by the girl. Our officers have already started investigating the matter.'In the morning the concerned principal of the Bhavan reported me the incident. Both the girls stayed at Sri Sadan hostel. He himself met the girl at hospital . So far as I know her injury was very minor. Despite all these we have started investigation. But her parents did not met me before lodging compliant with police. So it is not possible for me to tell what did she complaint with police.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16621526", "title": "2 panels to scan industry problems", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda on Sunday announced to constitute two committees under the chairmanship of development commissioner to look into the problems of industrialists and traders of Jharkhand.While one committee will focus on making changes in existing institutions like Krishi Bazar Samiti, the other will look into amendments to be made in policies for the smooth functioning of business.Making the announcement during an interaction with over 500 industrialists and traders from all over the state at 'Vyapar-Udyog Sammelan' here organized by the Federation of Jharkhand Chamber of Commerce and Industries (FJhe said, \"The state government is always there to help and protect local business and interests of businessmen.\" The chief minister also assured the industrialists and traders of Jharkhand to solve all their problems related to lack of power, bad roads and levy from CPI (Maoist) and splinter groups.\"I have decided and asked all the regulatory authorities to make all work online. By December, all works related to regulatory authorities will become online and no one will be required to do the rounds of offices to file applications and get clearances,\" said Munda amidst loud cheers from the businessmen present on the occasion.He also said that the state government will soon make a formal announcement to make Ranchi-Bokaro Expressway that will connect to GT Road (NH -2) and a special flyover corridor in Jamshedpur which will connect Tatanagar railway station to NH 33. The Jamshedpur corridor will be supported by Tata Steel and the total project cost is expected to be around Rs 1200 crore. However, he did not disclose the amount that will be spent on Ranchi-Bokaro Expressway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16620486", "title": "Watch how you touch up: Even a chipped nail paint can cost a job", "text": "LONDON: Interviewers make all sorts of snap judgments about a candidate's character based solely on their grooming regime, according to a new survey of British bosses. In a survey of 2,000 executives by a UK-based fashion retailer, one in four bosses said that chipped nail varnish quickly takes the shine off an applicant's chances, as it makes them appear nervous or unprepared.A fifth of managers see split ends as a sign of laziness, and one in six said smudged mascara made them fear hiring a 'party animal' who would be quick to escape the office for the bar, the Daily Mail reported. A deep tan leads bosses to the conclusion that a candidate would gladly abandon their duties for the pleasures of a beach break, while bright red lipstick, heavily pencilled eyebrows and overpowering perfume are considered indicative of an overconfident and cocky personality.The common scenario of lipstick smudged on to teeth apparently suggests carelessness, while foundation that hasn't been blended properly is seen to highlight a lack of attention to detail.Even going for a natural look isn't without risks, as certain bosses believe an absence of mascara indicates an emotional wreck who worries that it would all be cried off within hours.An immaculately made-up face makes some recruiters fear this candidate means business and will be snapping at their heels for the next promotion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16619507", "title": "India to pip China in centenarians\u2019 count, UN report says", "text": "NEW DELHI: Crossing the century mark is all set to become common for India's greying population. A landmark UN report on \"ageing in the 21st century\", to be released on Monday, says India is at present home to between 11,000 and 20,000 centenarians. But this number is all set to rocket to anywhere between 1.51 lakh and 6.2 lakh.The report, brought out jointly by United Nations Population Fund ( UNFPA) and Help Age International, says India will beat China - the world's most populous nation \u2014 hands down in the number of centenarians.China, which has 14,300 centenarians, is expected to have 2.62 lakh persons aged 100 or over by 2050. Globally, the number of centenarians is projected to increase to 3.2 million in 2050.The maximum (recorded) lifespan refers to the largest number of years lived by any individual that has been confirmed on the basis of actual data.The UN says this number increased from 103 in 1798 to 110 years in 1898, 115 years in 1990, and 122.45 years since the Frenchwoman who held the record died in 1997.Interestingly, India's number of centenarians will be closest to Japan, which by 2050 will have about 6.17 lakh centenarians (of whom 500,000 will be women). Around 1% of Japan's population will be aged 100 years or over by mid-century.The trend could come as a shocker since India is still considered a young nation, while 30% of Japan's population is already aged and at present is home to 49,500 centenarians.The report says, \"The older population itself is ageing. The number of persons aged 80 or over, often referred to as the oldest-old has been increasing more rapidly than the older population as a whole. The number and proportion of centenarians is growing even faster.\"Ageing is occurring because of declining fertility rates, lower infant mortality and increasing survival at older ages.Total fertility dropped by half from five children per woman in 1950-1955 to 2.5 children in 2010-2015, and it is expected to continue to decline.Life expectancy at birth has risen substantially across the world and is not just a phenomenon in developed world.In 2010-2015, life expectancy is 78 years in developed countries and 68 years in developing regions. By 2045-2050, newborns can expect to live to 83 years in developed regions and 74 years in developing countries.While overall the world is ageing, there are differences in the speed of population ageing. It is happening fastest in the developing world. \"Today, almost two in three people aged 60 or over live in developing countries, and by 2050, nearly four in five will live in the developing world,\" said the report. Globally, 1.6% of the population is now aged 80 or over and the proportion is projected to rise to 4.3% by 2050, reaching 402 million.The world will see another interesting shift. Until now, there have been more people aged 80 years or over in developed countries.By 2025, the balance will have shifted with projections saying there will be more than twice as many people aged 80 years or over in developing regions, at 280 million, compared with 122 million in the developed nations. In 1950, only 7% of the world population was 80 years or above. This increased to 9% in 1975 and 14% in 2011. The 80 plus population is expected to increase to 20% in 2050.\"The numbers are staggering. In the past 10 years alone, the number of people aged 60 or over has risen by 178 million - equivalent to nearly the entire population of Pakistan, the sixth most populous country in the world. And in China alone, the estimated number of older people in 2012 is 180 million. The number of people who turn 60 each year worldwide is nearly 58 million, equivalent to almost two persons every second,\" the report says.In 2012, people aged 60 or over represent almost 11.5% of our total global population of 7 billion. By 2050, the proportion is projected to nearly double to 22%. By 2050, for the first time there will be older people than children under 15. In 2000, there were already more people aged 60 or over than children under 5.The report says that there are also marked differences between the percentages of older people in different regions.For example, in 2012, 6% of the population in Africa was 60 years and over compared to 10% in Latin America and the Caribbean, Asia (11%), Oceania (15%), Northern America (19%) and Europe (22%). By 2050, 10% of the population in Africa will be 60 years and over, compared with Asia (24%), Oceania (24%), Latin America and the Caribbean (25%), Northern America (27%), and Europe (34%).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16619055", "title": "HC upholds life sentence of murderer", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court has upheld the life sentence awarded to a man for killing his employer and two family members eight years ago. Bansri Lal Dhawan, his daughter Reeta and son-in-law S K Sharma were found murdered in their home at Parmanand Colony in North West Delhi and some valuables and about Rs one lakh were found missing from their home.According to prosecution, Dhawan's domestic help Satyawan Dalai, too, had gone missing after the incident and was arrested later with stolen cash and articles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16621214", "title": "Nashikites act to save river, now NMC's turn", "text": "NASHIK: Responding to the calls by NGOs to restrain from immersing the idols of lord Ganesha in Godavari river, citizens played their role in contributing to lowering river pollution and now wait for NMC and industries to play their part in lessening water pollution.That The issue of river Godavari is highly polluted and already polluted to very large extent and that it is unfit for even ritual bathing - as claimed by government-owned Tourism Finance Corporation of India (TFCI)- has had tremendous impact on Nashikites. A number of citizens willingly handed over Ganpati idols to NGOs and the NMC workers who were collecting the same.\"The facts have had a positive effect on citizens who chose to hand over Ganesha idols at collection points. While the citizens have played their part, they now demand that the NMC and industries should play their part in restraining release of effluents into the river,\" said Rajesh Pandit of Godavari Gatarikaran Virodhi Manch, which is spear-heading the cause of saving River Godavari.The total number of idols collected in the city by NMC, including through the artificial tanks placed at eight places (for the first time), stood at 1,05,181 and was 30% up from the tally of 73,809 idols collected last year by volunteers and NMC.Mangesh Dehmukh, another activist from Nashik Road, pointed out that a number of citizens buying idols only of clay or themselves preparing idols from clay preferred to immerse them in drums filled with water near their homes or in the lanes and this definitely saw lesser idols at the river banks compared to last year. \"This has definitely helped in lowering the overheads to contain pollution of the river against the backdrop of lesser rainfall,\" Deshmukh said.Ganapati idols collected in artificial tanks, donated voluntarily and Nirmalya collected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16622795", "title": "Shah Rukh gives Tarun Mansukhani a new job", "text": "Asks the Dostana director to write a script on the lines of French film, Heart Breaker, even as he awaits KJo's approval on Dostana 2He's been waiting for Dharma Productions' head honcho Karan Johar's nod to his script for the sequel to Dostana. And even as Tarun Mansukhani continues to do so, KJo's close friend Shah Rukh Khan has given him something to chew on.At a recent party, Tarun was heard lavishing praise on Shah Rukh for being such a wonderful human being. It was only after digging deeper that we found out Shah Rukh has asked Mansukhani to write a script on the lines of the French film, Heart Breaker, directed by Pascal Chaumeil.A source told this newspaper, \"Tarun was telling his friends about this project he is very excited about. He was appreciating Shah Rukh for the trust he has reposed in him.\"After Tarun completes the script for SRK, the actor will jointly take a call with him and his team whether they should go ahead with the film or not. Interestingly, Tarun had been an assistant director in several SRK films like Kuch Kuch Hota Hai, Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham and Kabhi Alvida Naa Kehna.If all goes well and the film materialises, it will be interesting to see how the man who's almost always won hearts now does the opposite, break hearts.Despite repeated attempts, Tarun remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16619428", "title": "Traders to hold series of protests in October", "text": "BHOPAL: The Confederation of All India Traders (CAIT) has decided to hold series of protests in October against the Union government's decision to open up foreign direct investment FDI in multi brand retail sector.The core committee of its state wing met on Sunday to chalk out the modalities for the protest.Radheyshyam Maheshwari, national vice president CAIT said, \"The state core committee met on Sunday to discuss the details of protests to be held on October 2, the birthday of the Mahatma Gandhi.\"\"We have decided that a \"Sadbudhhi Yagna\" would be held at in front of the Top 'N' Town square, New Market,\" he said.\"Besides, members has been assigned the task to coordinate with retailers about the black-flag protest to be held in the second week of October. We are in touch with the chamber of commerce and would hold talks with them on Monday,\" Maheshwari said.\"Also, a decision about a rally would be taken on October 9.\"\"The format of the long-drawn protest has been worked out and would be executed as per the directions of the all India committee,\" he said.Besides a state-level conference would also be held in another three months including traders, hawkers and other stake holders, he informed.Maheshwari said that the Centre should undertake a study should to assess the impact of MNCs like Wal-Mart on retail trade before implementing the decision to allow 51% FDI in multi-brand retail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16621407", "title": "Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited chief inspects Kumbh Mela arrangements", "text": "ALLAHABAD: During his visit to the city on Sunday, managing director Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited(UPPCL) A P Mishra inspected the ongoing work for Kumbh mela and issued stern warning to officers and contractors to follow quality control measures while undertaking work.He went to Yamuna Bank road to inspect construction of the new sub-station where officers informed him that platform for installing the machines had already been constructed and the facility would become operational once all equipment were in place.Sharing details with TOI, Mishra said focus was on completing the work including laying of new overhead lines, construction of new sub stations and shifting of poles in the first phase.\"Once work is complete by October 15, we will shift our attention to work in the lower Bundh area. Water of Ganga would also recede substantially after October 15 making our task easy,\" hoped Mishra.He said that hub of activity in Kumbh Mela would be the lower Bundh area where all akharas and other religious organisations including kalpavasis would be camping.The department would start work related to laying overhead electricity lines and electrifying them by the end of November this year.Mishra also instructed officers engaged in Kumbh mela work to see all permanent and temporary work was complete by November after which power department would start initiating measures to connect the sub stations for Kumbh mela area with the main supply.He said steps were afoot to provide uninterrupted power supply to the mela area and light up the entire place with adequate number of streetlights, high masts and semi-high masts. Additional transformers would be installed to augment the existing ones and check the problem of overloading.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16618467", "title": "Wildlife Week celebrations with a purpose", "text": "NAGPUR: As the Wildlife Week celebrations of the forest department kick off from Monday, several other organizations too have planned a host of activities to mark the occasion.In Umrer, the Wildlife Conservation and Development Centre (WCDC) has raised Rs1.5 lakh from the citizens to mark the first Wildlife Week celebrations at the Umrer-Karhandla Wildlife Sanctuary.\"We have been working in the region since last 4-5 years, so people are aware about our work. Many willingly helped us by offering cash, free services and facilities,\" said secretary of WCDC Rohit Karu.Karu informed that plans are afoot to put up banners all over Umrer and conduct several activities to mark the occasion from October 1 to 7. This includes a student's rally, workshop on wildlife law enforcement and man-animal conflict, photography exhibition and screening of documentary film, street skits, essay and drawing competition, selection of student wildlife ambassador and nature trails.The centre will continue with its efforts even after the Wildlife Week. \"We will be taking the social service students from a local college on the nature trail and continue to do so every month. Since these students come from villages near the forests, sensitizing them about the importance of forests will go a long way in convincing the villagers of the same,\" said Karu.He also informed that the first year degree students of the social work college have been selected for three-year training. \"This way, by the time they complete education they can be ready to join the movement to save forests. It is for the first time that social work is being connected to forest service ,\" said Karu.In Nagpur, apart from the programmes organized by the Pench Tiger Reserve, other organizations too have planned several events. Maharajbagh Zoo, College of Agriculture, Nagpur along with Green Vigil Foundation is organizing a painting competition on wildlife conservation at Maharajbagh Zoo on October 2 at 11am. There is no entry fee for the competition to be held in three categories, class I to VI, VII to XII and open category. The participants will be also given free entry to Maharajbagh zoo on October 2, said Dr SS Bawaskar, officer In-charge, Maharajbagh, College of Agriculture, Nagpur.Similarly, Satpuda Foundation has organized a bird race for students associated with it, along with a photography exhibition from October 3 to 5 at Yash Palace Hall, Aath Rasta Square, Laxmi Nagar. The foundation will also conduct programmes in rural schools adjoining the tiger reserves. The activities will include conservation rallies, nature trails/birdwatching trails, face-painting, drawing, essay and rangoli competitions, film shows on nature and wildlife.Meanwhile, the Wildlife Week celebrations at the Pench Tiger Reserve will kick start on Monday with a rally by schoolchildren from Yashwant Stadium at 8am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16618412", "title": "Indian cricketers lobbied to have ex-player named selector", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three cricketers who are part of the Indian team at the World T20 are learned to have called up senior BCCI officials to lobby for a former India player to be chosen selector from Central Zone.Not just that, even officials of the Enforcement Directorate who are investigating alleged irregularities in IPL-II (which was held in South Africa) apparently lobbied with the BCCI on behalf of this former cricketer.One of the players who made the phone calls is an explosive batsman, while another is a handy middle-order player. The person they were lobbying for had played for India in one-day internationals, though not Tests.However, the lobbying backfired as the furious board members made sure the former player was not considered for the post. Instead, former Uttar Pradesh player and coach Rajinder Singh Hans was named the selector from Central Zone.Hans was one of the candidates nominated by Central Zone before the BCCI annual general meeting last Thursday, which chose the new five-man team of selectors, headed by Sandeep Patil.The cricket board officials were stunned when some current Team India stars lobbied to have a former India player appointed selector.They pointed out that there was a clear conflict of interest in players trying to influence the choice of men who would subsequently decide on their fates. \"Students can't be examiners,\" one of the board members remarked in the meeting.Officials said such an incident was unprecedented. However, with each selector now getting a package of Rs 60 lakh per year (Rs 70 lakh for the chairman), the post of a selector has suddenly become much sought after.Interestingly, there was already controversy shrouding the choosing of the new selection panel. Mohinder Amarnath, who was spoken of as being in contention to be the next chairman of selectors, was abruptly removed from the panel itself.The board rejected the candidates suggested by East and West Zones. And new chief selector, Patil, was not among the candidates suggested by West Zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16621236", "title": "Travel group wants tourist friendly autos", "text": "NASHIK: The Travel Agents Association of Nashik (TAAN) has drawn up a campaign to promote safe tourism by demanding a 'tourist' autorickshaw service which will cater to the demands of tourists visiting the city.\"We have drawn up two campaigns to promote safety of tourists coming to Nashik. The campaigns include plying tourist rickshaws - distinctly marked with the rate card finalized by respective agencies, such that the tourists get fair treatment,\" Jayesh Talegaonkar, president of TAAN said.Speaking about plans by organization ahead of 'tourism day', Talegaonkar said that the organization was interested in making travel easier in Nashik. \"We are speaking to the autorickshaw unions about the possibility of tourist autos.half and full-day packages keeping in mind the time required and distance to be travelled, and fairs would be finalised. The rate card could be made available even for visits to particular distances,\" Talegaonkar said.The members of the association further said that there was a plan to make the autorickshaw driver a guide for the tourists.\"This would further help the tourist first deciding upon the areas where they would like to go and then hiring the services,\" a member said.The member further added, stressed that the travelers who wish to see in the city our outside to use the taxis having tourist permit only, especially to ensure all the claims were settled hassle-free in case of emergencies.\"There is a higher demand of travelers wanting to hire personal cars, but in case of accidents or any untoward incidents, the claims or compensations are not allowed.\"When asked if the organization had set a deadline time-limit for the programme, the association said that it was difficult to promise anything especially as it all depended on the response from the autorickshaw unions and decisions by law enforcing agencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16621083", "title": "It\u2019s not slowdown, 6th semester results hit engineering placement", "text": "CHENNAI: Forget the global slowdown, engineering students hoping to get recruited through campus placements this year have another hurdle closer home. Many engineering students have failed the sixth semester exams this time, and will not be eligible to sit for placements this year, at least when top companies visit the institution.\"The sixth semester results are crucial because companies visit campuses based on these results. If it is bad it will impact the employability of students,\" said Sivagnana Prabhu, head of training, placement and communications at the RMK Group of Institutions. He, however, said the pass rate at RMK had not been affected and that companies had started recruiting candidates.Academics attribute the poor results to the fact that students in the rest of the state were not prepared to approach the exam the way that Anna University, Chennai, does. This is the first time after the merger of the five Anna Universities of Technology (AUT) with Anna University, Chennai that students have had their results published. \"After the merger the answer papers are being exchanged between the 20 zonal centres in the state and evaluated by faculty in different regions. This has shown in the results. This problem also existed before the AUTs were formed,\" said educational consultant P Moorthy Selvakumaran.Sources said results were particularly poor in institutions in Coimbatore. Till the merger, the AUT Coimbatore allowed its colleges to allocate 50% of the marks for internals and 50% for externals. In other parts of the state colleges followed the system prescribed by Anna University, Chennai, where 80% of the marks came through the external evaluation and 20% through the internals.Students felt dejected that they would not be allowed to sit for placements this year. \"Many companies look only at candidates who have no standing arrears. Some also ask for 60% marks in all three years of college. There are still others who specify that a student should have never failed a subject in college. Those of us who have failed in one or two subjects will be rejected at the first level,\" said a final year student in an engineering college in the outskirts of Chennai. Many students have applied for revaluation, but say that even if they get pass marks after revaluation they will lose their opportunity of being recruited by top companies who pick the cream early in the admission season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16624741", "title": "RS member and BJD leader Pyarimohan Mohapatra forms political forum", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: What is being seen as new realignment of political forces in the state ahead of the general election in 2014, dissident BJD leader Pyarimohan Mohapatra announced formation of a new political forum, Odisha Jana Morcha (OJM), while at least 12 fringe political parties and organizations came together and formed a front, Odisha Jana Samukhya (OJS), here on Sunday.Speculations are rife that Pyari was brain behind the OJS as well and has been trying to consolidate on various political forces after a prolonged silence following his alleged failed coup to oust Naveen Patnaik as chief minister on May 29.Pyari's newly formed forum's spokesperson Jagneswar, a staunch Pyari loyalist, said the forum will work for intra-party democracy. \"It is not a separate political party. It is a forum within the BJD and will work for party workers' rights and greater democracy within the party,\" Jagneswar told TOI. Pyari will announce more details about the forum on October 19, he added.Though Jagneswar and OJS leaders said Pyari had nothing to do with the coming together of the 12 parties, it is widely being seen as both OJS and OJM were part of the same design by Pyari to revive the old Janata parivar, giving a hard time to the BJD leadership.OJS chairman and Odisha Communist Party leader Ajey Rout said Pyari had nothing to do with their new political front, but he can come if he wants. The statement, particularly the latter part of it, strengthened political observers' suspicion that the twin developments were in sync. \"Pyari seems to be testing waters. If he is able to muster enough support, he may make his forum a full fledged political party and gang up with the OJS,\" said a senior BJD leader. On record, however, the ruling party leaders downplayed the new formations. \"These developments will not affect the BJD in any way,\" panchayatiraj and parliamentary affairs minister Kalpataru Das said.The OJS announced to put up candidates in all 21 Lok Sabha seats and 147 Assembly segments in the state in 2014. \"We will contest election from all the LS and Assembly seats in the state,\" said Samruddha Odisha president and OJS convener Jatish Mohanty.Stating that people in Odisha were fed up with the ruling BJD and opposition Congress, Mohanty said the OJS will provide a viable political alternative for social, cultural and economic development. \"We will go to people promising a corruption-free government,\" he said.Mohanty said the new political front will put up a chief ministerial candidate who would be acceptable to all.Besides Odisha Communist Party and Samruddha Odisha, various other parties who have come together in the new group include Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD), Republican Party of India, Odisha Vikas Party, Paschim Odisha Vikas Party, Mitra Shakti, National Samajwadi Vichar Manch, Utkal Samaj, Justice Party and Dalit Adhikar Manch. Yet another new political party, Biju Swabhimaan Dal is set for a Monday launch, adding another claimant to the Biju Patnaik's legacy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "delhi", "code": "16620641", "title": "30,000 unite for Sunday run", "text": "DELHI: It's not everyday that people willingly wake up at the crack of dawn on a holiday, but Sunday wasn't just any other holiday. Over 30,000 people, irrespective of their age, gender or background, gathered early morning at Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium to participate in the Airtel Delhi Half Marathon, with a purpose to run.That the marathon events flagged off earlier this year to beat the heat did not seem to deter people as they walked in droves towards the different entry gates of the venue. The sky was still dark, and morning seemed far away, but the loud music that could have easily been the playlist at any club kept the ambience electric.Apart from individual participants, many corporate teams also participated in the marathon. Reflecting the youthful, energetic and vibrant nature of Bennett Coleman &amp; Co. Ltd, a team of 19 from the Times of India Group, led by executive president Sivakumar Sundaram, and a team of 23 from Vardan, led by directors Adam Lindsey and Charles King, all of whom ran the 21km half marathon that flagged off at 6.30am. All the events, whether the elite half marathons, open half marathon, wheelchair event, senior citizen run, or the great Delhi run, flagged off with a bang. The 6km Great Delhi Run, which always has the most number of participants, was almost like a party, with participants cheering , dancing, and singing even before it started. Finishing early didn't seem to be on their mind, as many people simply strolled while listening to music, but the spirit of community shined throughout the event.Like every year, the glamour quotient at the marathon was strong, with celebrities like Madhur Bhandarkar , Tarun Tahiliani , and Hussain, and chief minister Sheila Dikshit present. Bipasha Basu, who is the face of event, said: \"The half marathon is very special to me, and I am very happy to be a part of any event that talks of health and fitness.\" The excitement and participation is growing with each year.\"For actors Gul Panag and Rahul Bose, who have been running the marathon since its inception, this edition was the first where they both were viewers. While Bose said he had to reserve energy for a prior work commitment, jet lag prevented Panag from running. \"I would rather run, but I am happy I had the chance to see elite athletes reach the finish line. I was also happy to see the other events flag off this time. Usually we miss the other events,\" said Panag.For Bose, seeing the senior citizens run, especially 96-year-old Mann Kaur, was very gratifying. \"I hope we see more like her come to the fore and participate. There should be events like these to create space for people who think fitness is important at every age,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16618676", "title": "India off to a flying start", "text": "NAGPUR: With experience in hand, the U-18 Indian women cagers began their quest in the 21st FIBA Asia Championship with a come-from-behind yet comfortable 93-53 win over Singapore at the Bandaraya Stadium in Malaysia on Saturday.Though Singapore scored the first six points of the game, even led the initial five minutes 10-6, India raked up a double digit lead in no time and cruised along without much sweat leaving a thumping mark to decimate east asian rivals for a rousing start to their campaign.\"I am happy things worked out the way we wanted,\" said a beaming India's assistant coach Shiba Maggon, one of country's youngest coach by adding, \"We expected them (Singapore) to put up a fight, though it did not happen. The important thing is to set the momentum. Now that we have achieved that, we need to maintain it.\"Riding high on the joint exploits of Pune girl Shireen Limaye, PS Jeena from Kerala and Tamil Nadu's Rajapriyadarshini Rajaganapathi - all of them with a double-double each - India made a bright start in their pursuit for promotion to next edition's elite level I.Shireen who donned the national colors at the 24th FIBA Asia Championship for women in Japan last year, had an all-round show on the floor with a dozen points and also pulled 13 rebounds. Jeena, who has the experience of playing with senior women's Indian team at this year's William Jones Cup, led the scoring with 28 points and had 11 rebounds. Rajapriyadarshini, the lone member of the team that played at the previous edition of the U18 Championship at Thailand in 2010, netted 20 points and took 10 rebounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16621193", "title": "Assam to get wildlife crime control bureau", "text": "GUWAHATI: The recent spurt in rhino poaching has prompted the state government to set up its own wildlife crime control bureau. Chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Sunday announced a state wildlife crime control bureau would be formed in Assam with the sole objective of preventing poaching and clandestine trade in animal body parts. He said help would be sought from international organisations as well to curb wildlife crime.The Union ministry of environment and forest has a similar agency with same name which has a centre in the state. But forest officials said that the state wildlife crime control bureau will have separate manpower and will function under the state government.Taking a potshot against opposition political parties, the chief minister accused them of politicizing the recent rhino killings instead of helping the cause of conservation. He conceded that the spurt in rhino killings in the last week was indeed a serious issue and called for strong measures to curb poaching activities.\"But the opposition parties exploited the rhino killings to gain political mileage. We are equally concerned about the spurt in the killings and are seriously thinking how we can stop the menace. Instead of helping in conservation, the opposition parties were busy in politicizing the issue. We are against politicizing issues like rhino poaching,\" he said.Gogoi added that the populations of rhinos, tigers and elephants have increased during the three consecutive terms of the Congress government, and said he would soon come out with a white paper on what his government has done and achieved on the wildlife conservation front.The chief minister said that erosion caused major havoc in the latest wave of floods. He informed that the Centre has proposed setting up of the Brahmaputra River Valley Authority (BRVA) in place of the Brahmaputra Board to deal with water management in the northeast.\"Assam is in favour of the BRVA. The proposal was made by the Centre. The water resources minister will chair the body and chief ministers of northeastern states will be vice-chairmen,\" Gogoi informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16619555", "title": "D\u00e9j\u00e0 vu as Gopinath Munde takes on Pawar Jr", "text": "MUMBAI: The BJP has intensified its attack on NCP leader Ajit Pawar over the irrigation scam by roping in Gopinath Munde .On Saturday, Munde, the BJP's MP from Beed, slammed Pawar for the cost escalation of irrigation projects in the state, a controversy which led to Pawar's resignation as deputy chief minister last week. Pawar's exit from the ruling Democratic Front has triggered a political row in the state with the BJP playing a key role in pursuing the scandal in the state assembly and the Bombay high court as well.Speaking to media persons, Munde said, \"Pawar has resigned as deputy chief minister because there is substance in the allegations of financial irregularities in the irrigation department when Pawar headed it.\"By roping in Munde to close in on Pawar, the state BJP has made it clear that it is unwilling to spare the controversial NCP leader. A firebrand leader, with considerable popularity ratings, Munde is all set to begin a campaign against the NCP over corruption. That he is the deputy leader of the BJP in the Lok Sabha adds an edge.It may be recalled that it was Munde who in the 1990s had launched a state-wide campaign against Ajit's uncle, NCP chief Sharad Pawar , over corruption. The BJP leader had accused Pawar senior of having good equations with those close to underworld kingpin Dawood Ibrahim. Munde had also launched a statewide anti-Sharad Pawar tour, which contributed to the electoral debacle of the then undivided Congress party with Pawar as chief minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16621252", "title": "Zilla parishad warns of action against callous, absent doctors", "text": "NASHIK: Erring medical officers of the zilla parishad (ZP) are facing action for absenteeism and callousness.The district health committee has ordered action against such medical officers after some ZP members alleged that the absence of the medical officer caused a delay in treating a two-year-old child who had been bitten by a snake in Nigdol, in Dindori taluka, leading to the child's death. \"It is well known that the officials cannot leave their headquarters. Despite this there are cases in which it has been observed that the medical staff and employees are away - especially during weekends. The district health office must therefore conduct surprise visits to hospitals on weekends to find out if there are officials who are not in their jurisdictions. It should take action against them accordingly,\" health committee chairperson Jyoti Mali said.The members of the panel also attacked the medical officials for not staying in the headquarters and attributed number of health issues to the absence of officials which further led to staff negligence and poor health measures. The panel has ordered the health office to ensure that the message to the medical officers and employees was stringent.The committee said that it would not tolerate any such lackadaisical approacj in the future.That the Rugna Kalyan Samiti (RKS) which was village-run and set up at every primary health centre was not very active despite a spending cap of Rs 1.75 lakh also came up for discussion during the panel meeting. \"Mid-way through the financial year, only 11% of the funds were utilized. Health department officials must look into this,\" Mali said warning that officials neglecting this duty would also need to be to be penalized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16618503", "title": "Second year arts student ends life", "text": "NAGPUR: A second year student of arts stream ended his life by hanging from a wooden plank of the ceiling at her residence at Imambada on Saturday. Poonam Bondade (21) was the eldest of three siblings. The reason behind her suicide is not clear so far as no suicide note was found.Studying at a reputed college, Poonam supplemented her family's income by working at a medical store. Her father Pradeep worked at a private company while her mother is a housewife. Poonam is learnt to have skipped work on the pretext of not keeping well.Poonam's mother Usha had gone out for some work. There was no response from inside when her mother knocked the door on returning. She peeped through the window and saw Poonam hanging from the ceiling with her scarf.Poonam was rushed to Government Medical College and Hospital by her family members and neighbours but was declared dead. Imambada police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16623895", "title": "We are not targeting families but youth: Vivek", "text": "It's not just suggestive songs but suggestive titles too that have become a trend in Bollywood for grabbing eyeballs. After films and TV shows like, 'Bade Achhe Lagte Hain' and 'The Dirty Picture', the next one to join the bandwagon is 'KLPD'.Well, don't go by the name says the producer Amit Chandra as apart from Kismat Love Paisa Dilli , their title stands for the problems faced by aam janta , i.e, Kerosene, LPG, Petrol and diesel.In a candid chat with Zoom, Vivek Oberoi, who is playing the protagonist in the movie said he is totally unaware of any second or double meaning the film's title has. However he added, \"A larger segment of audience these days comprises of youth and youth have become very open and frank in discussing anything. So if you want to catch their attention you have to come up with something as cool as their language.\"A beaming and excited Vivek Oberoi also revealed that he 'felt hot' when got to know that Mallika Sherawat will be sharing screen space with him.KLPD is releasing on 5th October along with one of the most awaited films of the year, English Vinglish which is a family entertainer. But producer Amit Chandra seems completely indifferent to the competition this movie might give. He says \"We anyway are not targeting families, our target audience is youth. So, if families too come to see the movie that will be an added advantage.\"\"We've booked multiplexes and single screens too for our film so that not only the people who go to malls but autowallas can also enjoy the movie.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16619478", "title": "5 more samples sent for H1N1 confirmation", "text": "BHOPAL: The district integrated disease surveillance project (IDSP) sent 5 samples of suspected H1N1 cases for tests to ICMR laboratory in Jabalpur here on Sunday.Three of the five samples are of residents of Bhopal, two are from Vidisha and one from the neighbouring Sehore district. Test reports of 20 suspected cases were not available on Sunday, as RMRC laboratory was closed.Increased number of swine flu tests at Regional Medical Research Centre (RMRC) has worried its officials. In September alone the RMRC was shut thrice for fumigation, which normally takes place once a month.\"Risk of contamination cannot be taken lightly. Both test machines are being used 24x7,\" said RMRC director Dr Neeru Singh. Each swine flu testing machine can handle up to 21 swap samples, and it takes about 8 hours to conduct a test. Together RMRC can test about 100 samples per day.Health officials in the past have often desired for swine flu testing facility at Bhopal or Indore to limit the load at RMRC facility in Jabalpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16624196", "title": "Celebs with Roman numeral tattoos", "text": "We give you the lowdown on stars who like to play the numbers game with their tattoos.Selena Gomez: The Disney star recently got a second tattoo done in New York (her first was in February). This one, which on the back of her neck, reads 'LXXVI' or 76. Tattoo guru Bang Bang, who did Selena's second inking, revealed that the tattoo is a \"tribute to a family member who she said means a lot to her\".Miley Cyrus: The singer already has quite a few tattoos (14 at last count), which include a Roman numeral one that she got done on her right forearm in May this year. The tattoo, which read VIIXCI, was quite cryptic as the numbers don't bear any meaning unless they have spaces in between them. Last heard, she had the tattoo changed to rectify the problem.Rihanna: Rihanna is known for her penchant for body art. The Umbrella hitmaker has several tattoos on her neck, her hands and even her fingers. Her Roman numeral tattoo -- which reads XI IV LXXXVI -- however, is on her left shoulder, which signifies the date 4.11.1986. And no, it's not Rihanna's birthday, and it isn't former beau Chris Brown's either. The tattoo represents the birth date of Rihanna's best friend and manager Melissa Forde, who the singer refers to as her \"blood sister\".David Beckham: David Beckham is one of many athletes who has used his body as a canvas to display his penchant for body art. His tattoos include his son's name Brooklyn inked across lower back, his other son's name Romeo and a crucifix on his upper back, and his wife Victoria's name in Hindi on his arm. He also has the Roman number VII (7 was his Manchester United jersey number, and also his daughter's name) on the underside of his right arm.Beyonce Knowles: The former Destiny's Child member and her husband Jay-Z reportedly got matching tattoos of the Roman number IV to signify the date of their wedding, May 4.Sidhartha Mallya: Deepika Padukone famously got her ex, Ranbir Kapoor's name tattooed on the back of her neck. However, her subsequent boyfriend, Sidhartha Mallya , chose to keep his latest tattoo, which is in Roman numerals, a little more personal. In an interview with the Times of India, he said, \"I just got my date of birth \u2014 May 7, 1987 \u2014 inked on my arm. Mind you, this is my birth date and no one else's! Also, these aren't anyone else's initials, before someone jumps in and says he's got initials tattooed on his arm!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16620621", "title": "Behala woes to worsen after Puja", "text": "KOLKATA: The Joka-BBD Bag Metro construction had reduced Diamond Harbour Road to half its original width. The carriageway has been further narrowed down by potholes, making traffic chaos a permanent feature on the key link to Behala. And, things will worsen after Puja, when the Metro construction reaches its most crucial phase.\"As the building of the viaduct along the Taratala flyover and Majherhat bridge starts, the entire western flank of DH Road next to these will have to be shut, forcing police to scout for alternative routes to channelise the mammoth vehicular traffic that takes DH Road every day. We have managed to withhold the closure till Puja,\" said a senior officer of James Long Sarani traffic guard.The parallel James Long Sarani doesn't offer much hope for commuters. \"My car's axle broke after it hit a crater on James Long Sarani 15 days ago,\" said Anirban Majumdar, a businessman, who lives on James Long Sarani. \"I felt relieved when I found patchwork being done. But the patchwork crumbled within days and now it's worse than before. Every time a car hits these stretches, there's a veritable dust storm.\"The patchwork is so bad in some stretches that it has literally created two different levels on the surface. \"I met with an accident a couple of days ago. Fortunately, I survived thanks to my helmet. Some stretches on both DH Road and James Long Sarani are so bad that you can sow paddy seeds and have a good crop,\" joked Arijit Sen, a resident of Garia, who runs a business at Thakurpukur.Because of the Metro construction on DH Road, James Long Sarani is taking huge vehicular pressure - private cars and taxis during the day and heavy goods vehicles at night. \"We've had several round of meetings with the road maintenance agencies and requested them to do the patchwork in a manner that the road can withstand the heavy vehicles. But it is shocking to see the patchwork were wearing off within days,\" said an officer of the traffic guard.Shyamal Adhikary, who runs a car accessory shop on James Long Sarani near Eastern Railway ground, said: \"I do not blame the contractor. I used to be one with the PWD. I left the job in disgust. If a contractor has to pay 60% of the project cost as bribe to bag the contract, you cannot expect a better road surface. The bitumen quantity is horrendously compromised on and the bitumen supplied to the contractor goes back to the market.\"According to traffic guard officers, after a vehicle enters DH Road or James Long Sarani from Joka during the morning peak hours, it takes nearly one and half hours just to cross a 10-km stretch. During the evening peak hours, it takes more than an hour to cross the same stretch for a south-bound vehicle after Taratala. It is because of the bad road surface, a large number of speed-breakers on James Long Sarani, non-existent sidewalks on most stretches and encroachment of carriageway by garbage and hawkers.According to the traffic police, the situation will worsen with pandals coming up on roads. Pujas like that of Sri Sangha have come up straight on James Long Sarani, leaving only a lane free for vehicles.The traffic snarl on these two roads has been nagging due to similar shoddy patchwork on Tollygunge Circular Road. A fair share of the traffic of both the roads gets channelised through TC Road. The southern flank of TC Road was dug up for laying an underground drainage line, forcing us to turn it into a one-way lane from Petrol Pump to Triangular Park. After the road was relaid, there have been two levels of the same surface.What plague D H Road and James Long Sarani:* Non-existent sidewalk - sidewalks broken or encroached upon by hawkers or stack of building materials. Pedestians thus use the carriageway, making traffic slow-moving.* Ajanta Cinema, Tram Depot, Behala Chowrasta and 3A Bus stand on D H Road are the biggest bottle-necks for the traffic movement. Similarly, the Gholsapur, Roy Bahadur Road, ER Stadium, Chowrasta are the biggest bottle necks on JLS* The cross-current of slow-moving non-motorised vehicles like rickshaws and hand-pull-cart with the large population of high speed vehicles make things unnecessary jumbled at the crossings.* Hawkers have proved to be an ever-burgeoning tribe that has been threatening to occupy the carriageway, with an tacit political support of the ruling Trinamool Congress's trade union wing. Erratic movement of ever defiant auto worsen the situation", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "barnala", "code": "16621017", "title": "Lahore chowk named after Bhagat Singh", "text": "BARNALA: Pakistan government has finally renamed Shadman Chowk as Bhagat Singh Chowk in Lahore as a mark of respect to the martyr and an acknowledgement of his role in the struggle against British rule.Freedom fighters Bhagat Singh, Rajguru and Sukhdev Singh were hanged on March 23, 1931, in Lahore jail, which at that time stood at the present day roundabout.The jail was demolished in 1961 and on the execution ground, Shadman Chowk was built. Institute of Peace and Secular Studies (IPSS) director Diep Saeeda told TOI over phone from Lahore that it was a welcome step taken a tad too late.\"We had been advocating for naming the place after Bhagat Singh for many years and only on the martyr's 105th birth anniversary (September 28), the demand has been accepted,\" said Saeeda.\"Bhagat Singh belongs to all of us and we wanted his memory to be preserved for the coming generations. We will soon press the Pakistan government for building a Bhagat Singh monument at the chowk,\" he said, adding that the memories of martyrs have not faded from the minds of Pakistanis even after 81 years of Bhagat Singh attaining martyrdom.Jawahar Lal Nehru University professor Chaman Lal, who has authored several books on Bhagat Singh, termed it as a big occasion. He said, \"Pakistan authorities need to be complimented for this otherwise delayed decision\".Civil society activists of Pakistan had been holding a candle light march at the chowk every year on March 23 (Bhagat Singh's martyrdom day) demanding the renaming.This year on March 23, an Indian delegation had met former Pakistan prime minister Nawaz Sharif and asked him to impress upon Punjab provincial government in getting the chowk officially named after Bhagat Singh.Taking it forward, leader of Pakistan People's Party in Punjab assembly Zulfiqar Gondal had on April 11, 2012 brought before the Punjab provincial assembly a resolution seeking to rename the roundabout as \"Bhagat Singh Chowk\".Pakistan Labour Party and various other organizations had on September 28 celebrated Bhagat Singh's 105th birth anniversary in Lahore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16620777", "title": "\u2018Cooperative polls notification within 6 weeks\u2019", "text": "CHENNAI: Election notification for the primary, central and apex cooperative societies in Tamil Nadu will be issued within six weeks, the state government has informed the Madras high court. A submission to this effect was made by advocate-general A Navaneethakrishnan, when a batch of more than 50 writ petitions questioning the legality of the state government's Ordinance empowering the special officers of these cooperative societies to enroll new members, came up before a division bench comprising Justice C Nagappan and Justice M Sathyanarayana.The Ordinance dated August 3 has unleashed a wave of membership enrolment in cooperative societies across the state. But, existing members and political parties suspect a conspiracy by the ruling party to fill in societies with its own members to take control of these bodies as and when elections are held.The present batch of writ petitions contended that cooperative societies, which had been kept intact for several years, would lose their organisational character if new members are thrust on them with the help of the special officers, in absence of an elected board.Advocate-general Navaneethakrishnan informed the court that the state government was constitutionally mandated to complete election process to these cooperative bodies in the state within one year. He added that the government would publish the notification within six weeks. The bench then adjourned the matter by four weeks, after making it clear that the status of the new members admitted by the societies would be subject to the result of the present batch of writ petitions.The petitioners, referring to the 97th Constitutional Amendment which came into force on January 13, said it had made mandatory for the state governments to bring in a body on par with state election commission to conduct elections to cooperative bodies. Though the amendment has given one year for putting in place the necessary mechanism, the state government had done nothing for the past nine months.Instead, now it has chosen to bring in an Ordinance \"which is a serious threat to the independence and autonomy\" of cooperative societies, they said.They said the concept of membership was to preserve the unity, oneness and peaceful functioning of the society. \"Therefore, the task of admitting new members to the existing cooperative societies should be left to the sole discretion of the elected board,\" they said. They also sought interim stay on the operation of the impugned Ordinance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16624083", "title": "Alia Bhatt was not Karan Johar's first choice", "text": "Director-producer Karan Johar, who is launching Mahesh Bhatt's daughter Alia in his upcoming film \" Student Of The Year\", says the newcomer wasn't the first choice for the movie.The 19-year-old debutante plays the role of a rich brat named Shanaya Singhania in the film, which also stars newbies Varun Dhawan and Siddharth Malhotra.\"We screen tested over 400 girls from across Mumbai and other cities. This is when Niranjan Iyengar told me that Mahesh Bhatt's daughter Alia was raring to go and she could just be the right fit for the film. I did her test and was convinced that she had this X factor that could work for the film,\" Johar told PTI.And though Alia was fit for the role, Karan says the only problem was that she was on a heavier side, which didn't set well with the vision of his female protagonist.\"The only thing that I had to ask her was to lose weight. Since she had a few extra kilos on her, she was assigned a dietician as well as trainer. She worked for full three months and came back all slim and ready to face the camera,\" he said.With the movie, Johar, 40, is returning to the director's chair after a gap of more than two years. He last directed Kajol-Shahrukh Khan starrer \"My Name Is Khan\".The director said though he wasn't sure about his leading lady he was sure about Siddharth and Varun from the start.\"Siddharth Malhotra as well as Varun Dhawan had assisted me in 'My Name Is Khan' and were involved in the process of production right throughout. Moreover they also observed me quite closely as a director.\"What I like about them is that they are totally different from each other, be in terms of personality or energy. I realised that they had the faces that were for cinema and it was about time that they were seen on the big screen,\" Johar said.The film is set to hit the screens on October 19 and Johar said he is happy to have worked with a team of newcomers and is completely satisfied with each of their performances.\"I am happy that each of my three protagonists has given his/her best account. As a production house we provided them the right infrastructure so that they are trained for the job but beyond that it is one's individual hard work,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "16620495", "title": "Slew of events mark MCTE raising day", "text": "MHOW: The Military College of Telecommunication Engineering (MCTE) in Mhow celebrated its 67th anniversary in a grand manner on Sunday. MCTE commandant Lt Gen Rajesh Pant inaugurated the function on Sunday morning that comprised colourful and action packed items.The function, graced by serving and retired personnel of the Corps of Signals, opened in style with a jump by skydiver Lt Col Satyendra Verma, an alumnus of the college from an airborne micro light aircraft. Vandana Pant, wife of Lt Gen Pant, released white pigeons to mark the occasion. Later, the micro light aircrafts of the Army Aero Nodal Centre (AANC) flew past showering petals. A host of games and races was also held, in which all ranks and families participated with gusto.On the occasion, Lt Gen Pant exhorted everyone to take the institution to greater heights. The tug of war between officers and JCOs was a much liked event, in which both sides tested their acumen.The regimental brass band in its resplendent liveries, played joyful notes adding to the gaiety. A martial touch was given by a superb display by the Signalmen Kalaripayattu (south Indian martial arts) team. Commandant's banner and the best sportsman trophy for the champion faculty were presented to the All Arms Wing. The Capt Pagnis Trophy for 2012 was presented to Captain JV Naidu and Sub Prashanna.A grand traditional feast was arranged for all those present. Mementoes were given to veterans as this year's event focused on the theme 'Year of the Veterans.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16620412", "title": "Recognition for Aluva blood bank", "text": "KOCHI: The Aluva-based Regional Blood Transfusion Centre (RBTC) has become the first blood bank in the government sector to get accreditation from the National Accreditation Board for Hospitals &amp; Healthcare Providers (NABH). The accreditation is valid for three years.\"There were three assessments based on the Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) of the bank, and the internal and external operations. They also gave us a list of conditions which are part of their rules,\" said Dr N Vijayakumar, medical officer in-charge, RBTC.He said that among all blood banks in Kerala, RBTC is the second centre to get NABH after the KIMS blood bank, which is a private sector enterprise.With the NABH accreditation, RBTC will now be the referral centre for all blood banks in the state.\"We organize the largest number of blood donation camps in the state. On an average, we make sure that there are not more than 40-50 donors in each since we don't want to go for large numbers. Till date, we have already organized 95 camps in a year,\" Dr Vijayakumar said.There are very few blood banks that have the blood components separator facility and RBTC is one among them.In the government sector, apart from the five medical colleges and general hospitals, there are only four blood banks with this facility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16620073", "title": "Discordant notes in state NDA", "text": "PATNA: Three separate statements by BJP leaders with discordant notes against the functioning of the state government coincided with the chief minister's Adhikar sammelan at Kishanganj on Sunday.While the BJP's Purnia MP, Uday Singh , during his massive Vedana rally at Purnia, flayed the government on many fronts, the party's general secretary, Mangal Pandey (MLC), criticized the government stand on the behaviour of Khagaria JD(U) MLA Poonam Yadav's husband Ranvir Yadav, who had snatched the carbine from a policeman and attacked the agitators trying to prevent the CM from addressing his meeting at Khagaria on Friday. Nitish defended Ranvir and so did JD(U) national president Sharad Yadav on Sunday.And, senior BJP leader and mines and geology minister, S N Arya has dashed off a letter to the CM, pointing to his differences with the department's principal secretary K P Ramaiah, alleging protection to a director-rank official of the department with questionable record.\"We cannot condone Ranvir Yadav, nor do we appreciate any kind of political patronage to controversial characters. We also do not approve any attempt to browbeat or attack political agitation. What Ranvir did was not right. It cannot be justified. We expect action against him. However, the SIT has been set up to inquire into the Khagaria incidents,\" Mangal said. With regard to the Vedana rally against the NDA government, he said, \"First, it was not a BJP rally. He (Uday Singh) has only pointed to aberrations perceived in the government and functioning of its bureaucratic set up. He is not against the government.\"When contacted, Arya said: \"Yes, I have sent a letter to the CM, requesting him to take action at his level to rectify the wrongs being done. They are trying to protect an official, even as the CM, during the monsoon session of the state legislature, had announced to clean the mess in the department, as part of government's campaign against mining mafias. I don't know what action the CM will take. He is head of the government and, therefore, he will do what is needful to correct the wrongs being done.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16619972", "title": "Miscreants \u2018skilled\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: There has been a recent spurt in incidents where miscreants have broken window panes of cars to steal bags containing cash, cameras, mobile phones, ATM cards and laptops. In some cases accused cut open the mirror with a cutter and in some cases they smash it with a hammer or a stone. Some of the accused work with such skill, that there is no noise, when they work. \"Recently we arrested two young South Indian boys who were involved in incidents of breaking open car window panes and taking away valuables. Many stolen things were recovered from their possession. There are some more youngsters who are involved in this and we have got a tip-off regarding some of them,\" superintendent of police, Deshraj Singh, told TOI.\"The miscreants commit the crime very quickly. We have deployed our men in plain clothes at various sensitive locations in parking areas. On Saturday we arrested a boy red-handed when he was running away with a laptop that he had stolen from a car,\" he added. In the wake of these incidents, police had also written to the municipal corporation to install CCTV cameras covering the entire parking lots at various places. Jai Bhasin, one of the victims said, \"On Saturday, I was standing just a 100 meters away from my car when a juvenile broke the window pane of my car and ran away with my laptop. I did not even get to know what had happened and got to know when a passerby told me. However, I caught the boy after a brief chase.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16620492", "title": "Waste walkathon a washout", "text": "BANGALORE: These schoolchildren braved the rain in order to spread the message of BBMP's new solid waste management plan during a walkathon organized by the civic body in Lalbagh on Sunday morning. But that was about the only silver lining in an event that turned out to be a damp squib - with the chief guests not turning up, many of the walkers who had been mobilized ignorant about the cause and, above all, the unrelenting rain upsetting all plans. With chief guests, CM Jagadish Shettar and deputy CM R Ashok, giving the event at the BBMP headquarters a miss over the Cauvery issue, Bangalore South MP Ananth Kumar was the only notable guest who turned up.At Lalbagh, schoolchildren and other walkers who had been mobilized there had to suffer the only drenching the poor school children who had been mobilized to spread the cause by the time they reached the park on foot. Most of the walkers were ignorant about the new garbage plan unveiling the next day, reflecting how much involved the community is in the BBMP's scheme of things.\"It was shocking to know Lalbagh walkers were least aware of the solid waste management plans. I spoke to some of them and they seemed to be unaware of what is happening in the city. My impression was that these walkers are the kind who are involved in urban governance issues,\" said N Veeranna, corporator of KR Puram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16620416", "title": "World Heart Day: 'Expensive treatment causing heart-ache'", "text": "KOCHI: \"The high cost of treatment including that of heart diseases has become unaffordable for the common man and the technological advancements taking place in the medical segment is not reaching them,\" said outgoing judge of the high court Justice C N Ramachandran Nair. He was speaking at the valedictory function of the World Heart Day held in Kochi on Sunday.He stressed on the need for spreading awareness in schools and colleges on diabetes and other heart-related diseases that are on the rise in the state. \"The government should include topics on healthy living in the school and college curriculum. Life management is disease management,\" said Justice Nair.He also expressed his concerns over increased alcoholism at an early stage in the state. As part of the heart day programmes, 'Hridaya Sangamam', an interactive session and awareness class for patients who have undergone heart surgery and angioplasty was also held. Over 100 patients attended the interactive session.A painting competition for children of various age groups and training session on healthy cooking was also organized as part of the programmes.Justice Nair presented the Heart Care Foundation's life time achievement award 2012 to veteran cardiologist Dr Rajan Joseph Manjooran at the function.Earlier, K Padmakumar, IG, Ernakulam Range inaugurated the training in basic life support, organized as part of the World Heart Day Programmes, for the members of the student police cadet, college students and workers from the industrial sector. The training was given by the Indian Institute of Emergency Medical Sciences. Around 230 student police cadets attended the training programme.The heart day programme was organized by the Heart Care Foundation along with Lissie Heart Institute and the state chapter of the Cardiological Society of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16619761", "title": "Storytelling at British Library", "text": "AHMEDABAD: British Council India has organized 'The Art of Storytelling' performances at eight centres across the country as part of the International Storytelling Festival to be held in New Delhi from September 23 to 29. Joanne Blake Cave, an academic and performer, will perform \"Edgelands\" at the British Library, Ahmedabad, on Monday at 4 pm.Organizers said that the event will encompass performances and workshops. \"The events are aimed to showcase the UK's creativity in storytelling for young learners and adults and in introducing them to a new art form to develop their creative talent, comprehension and storytelling skills,\" said a council official. In Ahmedabad, Joanne will draw together extracts from her two acclaimed performances - \"We Are Pathmakers\" and \"The Smiling Fox\" - along with other stories from her repertoire of myth and fairytale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "16619788", "title": "ATM cut open, `8.31lakh stolen", "text": "PANCHKULA: In a first of its kind theft in the Tricity, unidentified miscreants stole a cash amount of Rs 8.31 lakh after cutting open the ATM of Axis Bank with gas cutters inside a kiosk of the bank in Sector 12A on Sunday. The incident took place between 4.45am and 5.15am and a security guard of an ATM booth of Punjab National Bank (PNB) in the same market could provide vital clues about the robbery to the police.The ATM kiosk of Axis Bank- which is situated in the middle of the market -did not have any security. The Axis Bank officials would provide CCTV footage to the police on Monday. DSP Arshdeep Singh, SHO of the Sector 14 police station, said the incident came to light around 7.30am when a passerby noticed the broken ATM and informed the police control room about it. The accused have not left behind any equipment and it is possible that they were aware about the fact that cash was deposited in the bank two days ago. The amount of stolen cash was calculated by the bank officials. Police sources told TOI, \"A guard of a PNB ATM claimed he saw 'Garhwali' youth near the targeted ATM booth under suspicious circumstances and he said he could recognize him if he was brought to him.\" Police also rounded up two watchmen of Sector 12A market, who were later released. A senior bank official said that there are very few ATM kiosks, which are without guards and the targeted kiosk was one of them. A case has been registered at the Sector 14 police station in connection with the theft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16620851", "title": "Customs man told to pay for abusing court process", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has flayed an assistant commissioner of customs, who had not paid any rent for his Anna Nagar house for 14 years, and has imposed a cost of 50,000 on him for having abused the court process. It has also asked the subordinate court to pass appropriate orders to restore possession of the house to the landlady.Justice S Tamilvanan, dismissing a petition of R Lazarus, also faulted his advocate-wife, saying she had written letters to the chief justice of the court with incorrect details. \"The three letters addressed by Padmini Lazarus show that it is a clear abuse of process of law and court, in order to protract the revision (petition) and further addressing letters directly to the chief justice of this court with incorrect and false averments is nothing but under-estimating the authority of the high court,\" observed Justice Tamilvanan.It was the admitted case of the petitioner that neither he nor his wife paid any rent to the landlady since June 1998. After the rent controller and the rent control appellate authority passed orders in favour of the landlady, Dr Ann Duraisamy, the present revision petition was filed by Lazarus.On August 31, the court stayed the rent control authority's orders with a condition that Lazarus pay 3.5 lakh towards rent directly to the landlady or deposit it in court. The matter was adjourned to September 18 for reporting compliance of the interim order. The order, however, was not complied with the petitioner.On Wednesday, Justice Tamilvanan dismissed the revision petition of the customs officer saying: \"He, being a defaulter in paying the rent, has no locus standi to maintain the revision against the order passed under Section 11(4) of the Rent Control Act. This court passed the conditional order only to provide an opportunity to the revision petitioner (Lazarus). However, it was also abused by him.\"Pointing out that in November 2011, the rent control authority had directed the petitioner to pay 2.74 lakh to the landlady as rent for 137 months at the rate of 2,000 per month, the judge said Lazarus did not pay rent for another 34 months. Holding that the revision petition and the non-compliance of the court's interim order was a clear abuse of process of law and court, Justice Tamilvanan said he should pay 25,000 to the landlady and another 25,000 to the Chief Justice Relief Fund within four weeks.He asked the trial court to direct the customs officer to vacate and hand over the premises to the landlady.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16619091", "title": "New Delhi station likely to get new prepaid auto system", "text": "NEW DELHI: Traffic and railway officials are working on a new prepaid auto and taxi system to reduce harassment of commuters travelling to and from New Delhi station. The new system, which will initially be tried out at the Ajmeri Gate end, is likely to be replicated at all stations in the city, said officials.Under this 24-hour system, autorickshaws and taxis will not be allowed to park and pick up passengers on their own. Traffic officials say a lot of canvassing and touting at the railway station leads to people getting fleeced by unscrupulous drivers. As many of the passengers are new to Delhi, they are more vulnerable to such cheating, sources said.Autos and taxis will either be allowed to wait for customers in the single, prepaid service lane or drop their passengers and leave. The current prepaid kiosk is slightly farther from the exit of the station, giving other autos a chance to cheat passengers.\"The new booths will be at a prime location next to the exit. Railway officials have said they would take around two months to complete the civil work for this prepaid system. That period will be over in a week and we will then review the work,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.The autos and taxis will also not be allowed to overtake and leave the station after entering the prepaid lane, he added. Passengers are now given a receipt with an auto/taxi's registration number on it. This means that they have to wait for the specific vehicle. Under the new system, the first available auto/taxi in the queue will have to take the passenger and there will be no scope for any negotiation, said officials. A facilitating official will ensure that the passengers get into the next available auto or taxi, they said.Action will be taken if there are not enough vehicles or if it is found that autos are fleecing customers once they are outside the station.\"We have spoken to auto drivers before devising the system and they are satisfied with it. In case the new system is not successful, we can always revert to the earlier one,\" said a senior traffic police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16619878", "title": "Azam Khan asks pilgrims to report early to Haj House", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chairman, UP State Haj Committee and minister for minorities welfare Mohd Azam Khan has urged the haj pilgrims boarding from Lucknow embarkation point to report to the Haj House at Sarojininagar Lucknow 48 hours before the departure time of their flights, as this would help in completing all their haj-related formalities in time and making their journey to Saudi Arabia hassle-free. He said that the last flights for haj would depart on October 5 from Lucknow. He has requested the pilgrims boarding these flights to report to the Haj House on October 3. Any laxity in this regard, he cautioned, might take away from them the opportunity of going to haj.Haj pilgrim selected: Secretary, State Haj Committee has requested the haj pilgrims selected from serial number 10157 to 10174 of the wait list to immediately deposit the required amount (only for Aziziya category) in the account of the Haj Committee of India through any branch of the State Bank of India. If any of these newly-selected pilgrims, he said, had so far not submitted his/her passport, they should submit the same immediately along with a copy of their photograph in the office of the state haj committee at the haj house here.Wildlife week: Director, Lucknow zoo Renu Singh said that wildlife week will be celebrated from October 1 to October 7. It will be inaugurated on at the state museum auditorium on October 1. Programmes like wildlife quiz, mehndi, rangoli, debate and poster making competitions will be organised on this occasion. She said that Lucknow zoo will remain open for visitors on October 1 (Monday) despite being weekly holiday.BJP flays state government: Reacting to the incident of kidnapping and murder of a child in the state capital, state BJP spokesperson Hirday Narain Dixit said that the law and order situation in the SP government had become worst. He said that the recent incident of kidnapping is a challenge for the government and the police. He alleged that the government's announcement of withdrawing cases has also emboldened the criminals resulting in spurt in heinous crimes in the state. He has asked the chief minister Akhilesh Yadav to get free the state police from Samajwadi Party workers and allow it to work independently.Save planet: Students from 14 top schools of the city showed their concern for environment at an inter-school competition 'save our planet' held in St Teresa's College, Aashiana. After chief guest Kumkum Roy Chaudhary inaugurated the event, participants conveyed their messages through song, art competition, group dance and quiz. Best presentations in all the categories were given attractive prizes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "kolar", "code": "16620550", "title": "Reality check: Chintamani landfill far from ready", "text": "KOLAR: After Mavallipura and Mandur raised red flags, a landfill near Chintamani was proclaimed by the BBMP as the saviour that would take in Bangalore's garbage from October 1. However, a reality check by TOI has revealed that the Rachapura landfill is nowhere close to being operational and it will take at least six months for it be up and running. A fact confirmed by the BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel.BBMP's proclamation that its ambitious garbage project is on course and that a farmland in Rachapura village of Kolar taluk will take the segregated wet waste is far from true. After visiting Rachapura, about 70 km from Kolar and near Chintamani, TOI learnt that all that the palike has done is to approve a proposal from one of its garbage contractors to establish a biomethanization plant to generate energy in the village. The plant will come up on an eight-acre plot of the contractor.The Palike approved the proposal in August and it is now pending clearance before the urban development department. After the government nod, BBMP will have to enter into a memorandum of understanding with the garbage contractor and proprietor of MK agencies, M Krishne Gowda, who is also a native of Rachapura.\"I won't pick up the garbage from October 1. It will require another six months at least from the date of signing the MoU to do so. Once my project is commissioned, the waste will be taken to Channasadra and quarry fields at Mahadevapura where another round of segregation will be done. The BBMP says only wet waste would be given but there are possibilities of mixed waste being carried. Only 250 tonnes of the 650 tonnes I will pick up will be wet waste. The phase I of my project will generate LPG to villagers of Rachapura,\" Gowda told TOI.Declining to go into the technical details of his project, Gowda said: \"I am taking technical assistance from BBMP's superintendent engineer in Mahadevapura.\" He had no explanation when asked how a BBMP engineer could help him in establishing a biofuel plant.Gowda claimed his Rs 250-crore plant had obtained licence from the jurisdictional Madderi gram panchayat.Mandur in the making?There is perceptible opposition to Gowda's proposal to establish a biomethanization plant in Rachapura.\"He is a big shot here. We have heard that similar promises were made to villagers of Mandur and Mavallipura when landfills started functioning. Now those villages are not livable. Do we send our village's waste to a neighbouring village? This project may hamper the environment of our village in future,\" said a Rachapura villager on condition of anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16619914", "title": "Govt appoints NKS Chauhan is Lucknow's municipal commissioner", "text": "LUCKNOW: After being headless for nearly a month, the Lucknow Municipal Corporation finally got NKS Chauhan as the new municipal commissioner on Sunday. Chauhan, a 1983 batch PCS officer, has been the municipal commissioner of Kanpur. The Kanpur Municipal Corporation will now be headed by Rakesh Kumar Singh, who was earlier posted as general manager, National Rural Health Mission (NRHM).Lucknow's new civic chief will have his hands full with LMC staring at issues such as acute shortage of funds, manpower shortage, policy approvals, lack of coordination between various state agencies and lack of discipline among its existing employees. TOI on Saturday, had highlighted as to how the LMC was facing problems in the absence of a full-time municipal commissioner, and had its municipal session postponed indefinitely.The peculiar situation had come to the fore after the former municipal commissioner, Nagendra Prasad Singh was transferred on September 3. Put on the waiting list for nearly a month, NP Singh too was posted as director, Ganna Sansthan and additional commissioner of Uttar Pradesh Sugar Corporation Limited on Sunday.In all, the state government transferred 23 PCS and IAS officers, including two district magistrates. District magistrate (Ambedkar Nagar), Pinki Joval has been appointed additional divisional commissioner, Jhansi. Likewise, DM (Shrawasti) Nidhi Kesharwani has been made DM of Ambedkar Nagar. A number of sub-divisional magistrates were also transferred, the government released said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16462462", "title": "I\u2019m not a pervert: Fifty Shades author", "text": "'Fifty Shades of Grey' author E L James has revealed that she is very different from the sultry characters she's created in her best-selling novels.When James was asked about the sexual relationship that made the trilogy bedroom fodder for many at 'Fifty Shades of Grey: The Classical Album' event at Manhattan's Soho House , the married mother of two politely declined.\"I don't want to comment on that,\" People magazine quoted her as telling E! News .While the books are expected to translate into a blockbuster film franchise, she insisted that Hollywood was never her \"intention\" and that the huge reception the series received was still shocking to her.\"The books are my fantasy. I wrote them for me, really, and the wonderful thing about doing this is they seem to be other peoples' fantasies, so I'm not such a pervert,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16621061", "title": "'Pravasi Din' to be held on first Saturday of every month", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited (PMPML) has now decided to hold its 'Pravasi Din' programme - a forum where bus commuters can give their suggestions and complaints about PMPML bus services - on the first Saturday of every month.The PMPML started holding the 'Pravasi Din' in September and, as per its earlier announcement, the programme was to be held on the first Monday of every month. However, PMPML officials said it was not possible for bus commuters to attend the programme on the first working day of the week. NGOs and bus commuters' groups had also requested PMPML that it should be held on some other day.The PMPML thus decided to hold the programme on the first Saturday of every month. The next 'Pravasi Din' will be held on October 6, between 10 am and 12 pm, at all the 10 depots of PMPML.On the first 'Pravasi Din' held on September 3, the PMPML had received 36 complaints. PMPML officials had said that bus commuters will be told about the status and action taken on the complaint after a month, i.e. at the next 'Pravasi Din'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16618947", "title": "Telangana activists stun cops at Secretariat", "text": "HYDERABAD: Sporadic incidents of violence were reported at several places, including the government's nerve centre Secretariat, ahead of the 'Chalo Hyderabad' march.As the police force kept tabs on Necklace Road-Tank Bund stretch till Sunday afternoon, the pro-Telangana activists surprised security forces by creating ruckus near Secretariat for nearly four hours. At one point of time, police feared that the agitators might head towards Tank Bund, where Ganesh immersion continued till 5 pm. At around 12 noon, Telangana United Front (TUF) activists started their rally from Exhibition Grounds, but midway others joined them. They performed a cultural event in front of the Assembly and later marched towards Secretariat. At around 2.30 pm, as they were nearing Secretariat, their numbers swelled suddenly and agitators started pelting stones at security personnel. For the first time in two years, law and order went for a toss near the government hub. Though initially police maintained restraint, they resorted to a mild lathicharge and when the situation was getting out of hand, they fired teargas shells at the agitators and dispersed them. However, another band of agitators came from Adarshnagar side and started pelting stones at police, who were retaliating from the Telugu Talli flyover. The sporadic incidents continued for nearly four hours.Meanwhile, police had to cane charge protesters near Necklace Road rotary when they tried to breach barricades. They fired teargas shells and the mob dispersed.Police had to resort to lathicharge, fire teargas and use Vajra at the mob behind the venue at Sanjeevaiah park when they tried to breach the blockade and head towards People's Plaza. At around 4.30 pm, over 5,000 activists of Telangana Rastra Samithi (TRS), Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and several other unions led by K Tarakarama Rao and Jupalli Krishna Rao were stopped near the Secretariat as they were heading towards Tank Bund. By then, stone pelting started near Ambedkar statue from Liberty side.They breached all barricades near Imax and headed towards Sanjeevaiah Park and reached the venue. The mob chased away a small contingent of paramilitary force near the venue. En route, they torched a police vehicle near People's Plaza and damaged Sakshi TV's OB van.Though the road leading towards NTR Marg was sealed, the stretch between Amrutha Castle and Telugu Talli flyover was littered with stones and slippers. Police vehicles were repeatedly targeted. At the end of the day, five police vehicles were torched on the Necklace Road-Jal Vihar stretch.At around 5.30, some miscreants targeted the Hussainsagar junction railway outer signal office and torched it. A mob tried to takeover the Khairatabad flyover, which was blocked with barricades, but police foiled their attempt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "west midnapore", "code": "16620795", "title": "Minor foils parents' bid to marry her off", "text": "WEST MIDNAPORE: A 15-year-old girl from a Midnapore village took on her parents, who were trying to marry her off against her will. The parents later cancelled the marriage after police and district officials intervened.The girl, a resident of Dhelai village and a Class-IX student, wanted to study further, but her parents fixed her marriage with a cabbie from neighbouring Dhanpur village. A pre-marriage ceremony was also held in the presence of her relatives.Sabina Mondal's parents had fixed a match for her. The class IX student of Adhar Nayan High School had tried to convince her parents that she wanted to study further. Despite her objection parents had fixed her marriage with a cabbie from the neighbouring Dhanpur village. The marriage was to be solemnised next Friday. A pre marriage ceremony was even held few days back in the presence of a local kazi and relatives of both the would-be bride and groom.On seeing that her parents were adamant, the girl took the help of police. On Sunday morning, she left home for school to appear in a test organized by Pashchim Banga Vigyan Mancha. After giving the test, she did not go back home. Instead, she went to the Chandrakona beat house under Garbeta police station and narrated her plight to the officer-in-charge Swaraj Das. Police then informed the BDO Sushoban Mondal and district child welfare committee chairperson Uttara Singh. Mondal and Singh reached the police station and the girl's father was also summoned. The officials spoke to the girl's father and convinced him to cancel the marriage.Both Mondal and Singh came to the police station and spoke to the girl. Later the Sabina's father Saifuddin Mondal was summoned. Saifuddin was surprised to see her daughter in the police station.\"We made the girl's father understand that it was illegal to marry a minor daughter off. We took a written undertaking from him that the girl would not be forced for marriage till she attains the legal marriageable age,\" said Mondal. or against her will.Singh lauded the girl's courage. \"She is a brave girl. We will see that she gets to study. We will also keep a check on her parents, so that she is not forced to get married again,\" added Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16621679", "title": "Two jewellery thefts in Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: Unidentified burglars gained entry into a house at Neelikonampalayam near Singanallur in the city and decamped with two-and-half sovereigns of gold jewels. The incident came to light on Saturday.Police said K Senthilkumar, 28, a resident of Angammal layout at Neelikonamapalyam had gone to Chennai along with his family few days ago. When the family was away, some unidentified burglars broke open the front door of the house and decamped with two and half sovereigns of gold jewels and a pair of silver anklets. On Saturday morning, when Senthilkumar returned, he saw his house burgled. He registered a complaint with Singanallur police.Meanwhile, elsewhere, D Sureshkumar, 28, a manager of Khazana Jewellery lodged a complaint with Kattoor police station on Saturday about missing 21.5 grams of gold ornaments. As per the CCTV camera in their shop, Sureshkumar realised that the jewellery must have been taken by a group of six women. According to him, these women had come to the shop, seen all the ornaments and had not bought anything from the store. The Kattoor police registered a case and investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16621456", "title": "Woman kills father-in-law after third rape attempt", "text": "BOKARO: A woman killed her father-in-law after he attempted to rape her, the third in a row, saying that she felt Goddess Durga had come on her to kill the Mahishasur. Puja Devi then hid the body of Nandji Singh in the kitchen at P&T; Colony of Sector-V here and fled to her parents in Bihar from where she informed her husband.\"This was the third time when the father-in-law, a teacher, attempted to rape me,\" the 30-year-old told police. The incident that took place on Friday afternoon has sent shock waves among the residents of the town.On Sunday, Puja, the mother of two, returned with her father Baban Kumar from Dehri-on-Son in Bihar and informed police about the incident following which cops recovered the body.DSP (city) Anil Shanker said the body packed in a sack was found in a decomposed state from the kitchen. The knife which was used was also recovered from the window roof, where Puja had thrown it. \"The body was so decomposed that it is difficult to identify the injuries. It can only be detected in postmortem,\" he said.Puja and Rajnish Ranjan Rajeev, who is unemployed, got married about eight years ago. They have two children. At the time of incident, her three-year-old son had gone to school, while eight-month-old baby was at home. Puja told the DSP that she and her husband used to reside at their native place in Ara of Bihar till two months ago. Rajnish's mother also lives in Ara. While Singh, who was the teacher in a government school, lived in a rented house here.The accused said she did not want to live with her father-in-law as earlier also he had tried to rape her finding her alone in the house, but she managed to escape every time. She had told her husband about the bad intention of his father. As Singh apologized, they returned. Recalling the incident, she said, \"On Thursday, my father-in-law had sent my husband to their native place for some work related to farmland. I was here with my two children. On Friday, finding me alone at home, he attempted to rape me. Finding no option, I picked up the knife from the kitchen and stabbed him several times.\"The woman said she did not remember how much times she had stabbed her father-in-law. \"I was mad with anger and felt Goddess Durga is on me and I have to kill this Mahishasur. He had torn my blouse and sari and thrashed me also,\" said Puja.The DSP said there were injury marks on Puja's face but it was yet to be ascertained that whether she had killed Singh alone or there were someone along with her. An FIR has been lodged in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16621157", "title": "Water wasted as Siruvani pipeline leaks", "text": "COIMBATORE: Scarce drinking water to be supplied to residents is flowing out into an open drain after a leakage occurred in the Siruvani pipeline near Coimbatore Kidney Centre on Puliyakulam Road on Sunday.The corporation is presently carrying out underground drainage works along the stretch which involves laying the sewage pipelines at a depth lower than that of the already existing drinking water supply lines. The UGD worksite was abandoned the entire day.\"The message has been passed on to the engineering section of the city corporation and maintenance works will be carried out to stop the leakage,\" said B Ganeshan, councillor, ward no 70.Corporation officials claimed that maintenance works would be carried only early Monday morning. They also added that strict instructions have been given in advance to the underground drainage workers to ensure that they do not damage the drinking water pipelines existing along the stretch.They claimed that the pipeline might have cracked while the workers were filling the trench after laying sewage pipelines. The damaged pipeline carries drinking water to Ammankulam, Puliyakulam and neighbouring areas. The water supply was stopped only by late Sunday evening.\"We do not have an estimate on the quantity of water flowing out from the pipeline at the moment. Since today was a supply day we did not restrict water supply. There might have been a drop in the pressure of water supplied to residents,\" claimed corporation sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16619720", "title": "Your data is on sale for Rs 4 online", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Do you want to shop till you drop and not spend even a penny out of your own pocket? It is now possible. There are two routes - either get somebody's credit card detail and use it for online transaction or get the detail imprinted on card and use it at various shopping malls coupled with fake identity documents.The recent cases busted by various law enforcement agencies in the state and elsewhere in the country have highlighted the trend that the youth hooked on internet misuse the technology to steal data from business process outsourcing ( BPO) or simply pay for what they use where online crooks have amassed data that runs into thousands of domestic and international records. Officials said that such records are sold in bulk where private information of an individual is available at mere Rs 4 per record.\"One of the first of its kind case was registered with crime branch in 2008 when we had caught three teens for making online purchase from a shopping website. While the incident itself was small, it led us to a whiz-kid, then 16, who had given the data of the credit card to the accused. The teen had thousands of records of credit card owners and personal data as social security number for the US citizens. He said that the data was available through his contacts in all over India,\" said a city-based cyber crime expert.How the market functions? Experts said that it is an international racket where Nigerians emerge as prime suspects. However, India now experiences the same phenomenon with known modus operandi. K N Patel, assistant commissioner of police (cyber cell), said that the possibility can not be ruled out that the card numbers used by the group nabbed on Sunday are international and sourced through Nigerians.\"If the group pays the attendants at petrol pumps and waiters at the restaurants well, they can swipe the card two times - one time at actual machine and second time at magnetic tape reader. The reader then gets enough data from which one can clone the card and use it as its bill will go to the original user. In Ahmedabad, we have nabbed at least six gangs in past two years involved in such activities,\" said a crime branch official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16619876", "title": "Nation's handloom heritage on show as expo starts", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city ushered in the festive season with the start of the National Handloom Expo on Sunday. Spread over 15 days, 12 states including Gujarat will be showcasing the best of handloom works in this exhibition.Funded by the central government and assisted by the state government, the expo will see participation of primary agencies, NGOs and individual weavers and master designers of various clusters across the country. As many as 53 stalls of various sizes will highlight the traditional handloom products of various states like Madhya Pradesh , Uttar Pradesh, West Bengal and Bihar among many others.\"We are primarily aiming at development of the handloom sector of India. Gujarat has shown brilliant upgradation of its weavers in the last five years. An expo of this stature will not only mean good business for the state but also for all the handloom clusters spread across the nation,\" says N O Solanki, deputy director, weaving, ministry of textiles.Among the products, one can find the single ikat Patola sarees, the famous Mashroo fabric from Patan and natural texture fabrics and home linen from Surendranagar, Mehsana, and Sanand in Gujarat. Chanderi sarees from Madhya Pradesh, Baluchari from Andhra Pradesh , Kashmiri silks, Benarasi brocade sarees, Maheshwari, Kantha and Bihu sarees are some of the hot sellers brought in by the weavers of various states.The expo authorities plan to cash in on the festive season with Navratras and Diwali just round the corner. \"People are going to shop like crazy during this time and we are giving them a decent 15 days to keep coming back for more and bring their families too,\" says R R Jadav, expo in-charge. What is also a concern is the competition from the private sector. \"The private parties misguide the people with handloom products and material costs. We are trying to remedy that by making available genuine products and prices,\" he adds.The Sanskar Kendra grounds are replete colourful stalls and cultural shows like raas mandals, bhangra jigs and bahurupi performances.Business worth Rs 2.5 crore is expected from the event and another such expo is being planned in Vadodara in January next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16620323", "title": "Trains to have more stops in district", "text": "KOCHI: Long-distance rail travellers in the city have something to cheer about. In a bid to solve to the traffic congestion that is likely to happen when the work for the Kochi Metro Rail project begins, there will be stops allocated for more trains in stations such as Tripunithura, Kalamassery, and Edapally railway stations. As a first step in that direction, Vanchinadu Express will stop at the Tripunithura from Tuesday onwards.A decision for stopping trains at Ponnurunni would also be taken soon, according to K V Thomas, union minister, who announced this at a function to inaugurate the railway ticket booking counter in the Collectorate premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16623534", "title": "Raising awareness about environment at NMC school", "text": "NAGPUR: Usually civic and government schools are blamed for their poor performance, both academically and in student development. However, a school of Nagpur Municipal Corporation at Vivekanand Nagar has taken steps to change that perception. The school initiated a project last academic session wherein students were asked to volunteer for an environment awareness programme. The first step for students was to plant a tree and observe its growth through the year. Nanda Meshram, principal of the school, said, \"Many students enrolled for the programme and we are monitoring their progress every month. Some students planted a rose sapling, others went for fruit bearing trees. The idea was to teach them how much time it takes to grow plants and trees, and how we destroy it within minutes.\" The school's coordinator Sushma Phulari-Mankar said that students are now taking interest in subjects like biology because they are now a part of the entire growth process. \"Students write in their diary how much the plant has grown, how much they water it etc. And they also feel a connection with the plant just like one would connect with a friend while growing up.\" The school has also planted trees in its compound which are being cared for by students themselves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16621096", "title": "Immersion procession lasts 29 hours", "text": "PUNE: Ganapati's farewell journey lasted for 29 hours amidst much show and pomp in city. The procession which began at 10.30 am on Saturday ended at 3.20 pm on Sunday. This year, the time taken for the procession was longer by two hours as compared to last year.Except for a few minor incidents such as manhandling of a police official at Hadapsar, leakage of a LPG cylinder at Tilak chowk and an accident involving a Ganesh mandal worker, the immersion procession was peaceful.This year, 2,454 Ganesh mandal idols and around 1.76 lakh idols installed at homes were immersed at various immersion points in the city on the last day of the festival. In neighboring Pimpri-Chinchwad, the immersion procession in Pimpri ended at 12 midnight, while in Chinchwad it ended at 3 am.The immersion procession started with Pune's first 'manacha' Ganapati - Kasba Ganapati on Saturday at 10.30 am. Mayor Vaishali Bankar performed pooja of the Kasba Ganapati at Mahatma Phule Mandai to mark the start of the procession. The procession ended on Sunday around 3.20 pm with immersion of the idol of Amarjyot Tarun Mandal of Bhavani Peth.Deputy commissioner of police (special branch) M B Tambade said that against the backdrop of the recent serial blasts on the Jangli Maharaj Road and the various intelligence inputs, the first priority of the city police was of a peaceful and safe immersion procession.Tambade said this year the immersion procession ended exactly in 28 hours and 50 minutes. \"The time of the procession was our second priority,\" he said, adding that no untoward incident took place during the immersion procession this year. The police did not have to use force against any mandal. \"The mandal workers co-operated with the police,\" he said.Tambade added that the entire police force had done a great job. \"The special police officers and students also helped the police,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16619511", "title": "Work on 3 foot over-bridges to begin soon", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority has finally taken steps to curb road accidents involving pedestrians. After identifying 10 spots across the city over a year ago, which have massive footfall, construction of three foot over-bridges (FOB) out of the proposed 10 have been commissioned. The Detailed Project Report for these FOBs has been prepared and work on them will begin in two months to be made ready by May 2013. The spots where the FOBs will be constructed are Master Plan Road-II near DPS, near Fortis Hospital in Sector 62, and on Udyog Marg between Sectors 14 and 15.As per initial estimates, each of these FOBs will cost between Rs 60 lakh and a crore. The initial design details show that the Authority has decided to do away with escalators and construct low gradient stairs. \"Since escalators are neither user-friendly nor universally accepted features, we are thinking of low gradient stairs and elevators instead to make the FOBs attractive to pedestrians. Escalators might be installed in some of the other seven spots,\" an Authority official said.\"We have often heard of FOBs lying unused as pedestrians do not use them because of the effort needed. For instance, while pedestrians near Sector 18 have an option of using the newly to cross over to the Great India Place Mall side, many people still risk their lives and sprint across the road. However, with our decision to construct FOBs at all busy stretches across the city, we want the residents to know that the Authority is serious about pedestrian safety. Those walking on the road should cooperate with us and not risk their safety,\" the official said.In June last year, the Authority had drawn up a list of 10 spots that face major traffic congestion, making at-grade pedestrian crossing extremely difficult.The Authority will soon commission the construction of FOBs at the remaining spots, including Khoda T-point, the intersection between Botanical Garden Metro station gate and Sector 29, at Sector 82 near the DSC turning, Phase-II near the collectorate, the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway, among others.Meanwhile, work is already on for the construction of a FOB at the intersection between Sector 15A (gate number 1) and the Dalit park on the opposite side.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16619872", "title": "City to get 3 more ISBTs", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Three more Inter-State Bus Terminals (ISBTs) have been planned for the convenience of the growing number of passengers travelling to Chandigarh. The number of buses with CTU's local fleet and those driving in from neighbouring states has gone up manifold in the recent years. The new ISBTs will be local in Sector 31 near Tribune Chowk, Manimajra and near Mohali's Sector 102. These will cater to a large population of these areas who find it inconvenient to go all the way to the existing bus terminals in sectors 17 and 43. A provision has been made in the draft master plan to keep aside land at the three locations. \"As part of the plan to introduce Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS), the frequency of buses will be increased with expansion of the airconditioned fleet before Metro system is introduced. Even now, a large number of passengers wait on Dakshin Marg for buses going towards Patiala, Ambala and Kurukshetra, and there is need for a bus terminus there,\" said an official. BRTS will be covering 190.5km and a total of 11 corridors for BRTS system have been mooted by the consultancy arm of the Indian railways. After analyzing traffic scenario in the city, the urban planning department has also recommended that the existing local terminus should start inter-state services for the convenience of passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16620537", "title": "Surgery? Now, a 2-shot cure for gummy smiles", "text": "LONDON: A toxic secret to a nice smile! Two new simple injections into the so-called Elvis Presley muscle, can help adults get rid of the ugly gummy smile without a surgery, scientists claim.A study of 52 people with a gummy smile - any show of gum that extends more than two millimetres above the teeth during smiling - found that doctors have discovered a way of improving the smile with two injections of botulinium toxin rather than resorting to surgery.Patients were given injections in the 'levator labii superioris nasalis muscle' - otherwise known as the Elvis muscle, 'The Independent' reported. The muscle is attached to the upper frontal process of the maxilla and dilates the nostril and pulls the upper lip upwards during a smile. It is also brought into play when someone snarls, hence its renaming in honour of the King of Rock 'n' Roll.Patients given the injections are happier with their new smiles that they gave the treatment, the benefits of which last for a minimum of three months, an average score of 9.75 out of 10. According to researchers, the injections can also be used to treat lopsided smiles, by varying the amount of toxin injected into the muscles either side of the nose.American singer, Elvis Presley is famous for his use of this facial expression, earning the muscle this nickname.The study has been published in the journal 'Plastic Reconstruction Surgery'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16620308", "title": "Scrub typhus: 20 suspected cases in Jaipur rural", "text": "JAIPUR: The scrub typhus menace is spreading fast and has now got the rural parts of the city in its grip.First reported in Alwar, the rare fever has, so far, claimed three lives, while 20 suspected cases have been detected in Jaipur district.The medical health and family welfare department claimed that confirmed cases of scrub typhus have been found in Viratnagar area in Jaipur.The department has sounded an alert asking residents in the area to take adequate precautions. The disease is not contagious but late diagnosis can prove fatal for a patient.At least six persons have died due to fever in the area but officials have not confirmed these as scrub typhus deaths. However, the department confirmed that 20 people have shown typhus-like symptoms in the area.The menacing march of the disease, caused by the bite of mites, has left health officials baffled. After Alwar, it soon spread to neighbouring districts of Dausa and Bharatpur. Now, suspected cases have been reported in Jaipur rural.Jaipur's new collector T Ravikant called a meeting of the medical health and family welfare department on Sunday, attended by various district administration officials, to discuss ways to prevent the spread of the disease.Chief medical health officer (Jaipur I) Dr OP Thankan said in Viratnagar block, the affected areas include the villages of Bilwadi, Aamloda, Balesar, Naurangpura and Pragpura.The scare of the disease has hit the normal day-to-day routine of the villagers. According to them, scores of villagers are suffering from fever. Most of them are yet to undergo blood tests.Thankan said the department has ensured availability of doxycycline tablets not just at community health centres but also primary health centres and sub centres.Collector T Ravikant directed the officials to spread awareness of the disease among the people. He said that action would be taken against the officials who would fail to fulfill their duties properly.About the diseaseScrub typhus is transmitted by a particular kind of mite known as chiggers. The mites are found in scrub vegetation. Blood test is necessary for diagnosis of the disease but it could be ascertained that a person suffers from the disease by a black mark left by the mite's bite. The mites are found in grass. So, a person moving or walking on grass without legs covered is most vulnerable to the disease. The medical department official said the disease is 40% fatal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16619425", "title": "3 held with tiger hides send to police remand", "text": "BHOPAL: The three accused who were caught with two tiger hides having gun shot wounds from the Pench tiger reserve area in Seoni were produced before a magistrate and send to police remand.\" Saleem Khan,49, forest guard Mateen Khan,35, and Avanesh Pavitra,31, were produced in the court of judicial magistrate first class (JMFC) Sachin Jotshi. We sought their remand which was accepted by the court,\" Seoni Kotwali police station inspector Hari Om Sharma told TOI.He said the trio is a hard nut to crack. \"They aren't providing information regarding their modus operandi,\" the inspector said. \"We are trying to learn about the place from where the two big cats were poached, he said.The duo is claiming that they were innocent and had been given the hides by someone.Meanwhile, police are gearing up to detain some more persons - including a celebrated person of Chhindwara and carry out some searches in that district.The accused were rounded up by the police on a tip off from Seoni and Chhindwara. Avanesh's house was searched from where one hide was recovered in Chhindwara.Pench Tiger Reserve in MP is spread over in 411 sq km in Seoni and Chhindwara districts.Police and forest officials are planning to send the two hides to Wildlife Institute of India, Dehra Dun and Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology, Hyderabad for DNA and other tests to get some clue about the place where the two tigers were killed. Some tiger reserves in the country were keeping the DNA record of tigers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad/ surat", "code": "16619850", "title": "1,433 candidates take PhD test", "text": "AHMEDABAD/ SURAT: As many as 1,433 candidates of the registered 1,535 applicants appeared in the entrance test for PhD conducted at Veer Narmad South Gujarat University (VNSGU) here on Sunday. The two-hour examination was conducted in 26 different subjects. Of the 100 questions, 50 were about general awareness and on language and the remaining were related to the chosen subject of the student.\"Students from across the state have appeared in the examination. A few government officers and professionals were among the candidates,\" said Dakshesh Thakar, VNSGU VC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16619030", "title": "Knowledge park at Baprola hits fire safety wall", "text": "NEW DELHI: The work on much awaited hi-tech Knowledge-Based Industrial Park at Baprola has hit a hurdle with the fire department refusing to give its nod citing a technical issue. As per the National Building Code norms, a fire clearance cannot be given to any industry with a height more than 18 metre (around 6 floors) and KBI's proposed height is 26 metre (9 floors). While KBI does not require any heavy set up, the word \"industry\" has put the project work on hold.\"If we bring the height to 18 metre it will change the entire economics of the project as we will have to cut down three floors. Therefore, we are hoping to get a relief from Centre that may treat it as a special case as this is a knowledge-based industry,\" said a senior officer.The project, floated last year, has set 2015 deadline. In April this year, Delhi State Industrial and Infrastructure Development Corporation (DSIIDC), which is in charge of the project, said it had got in principle approvals from almost all agencies including municipal corporation and DDA. Senior officers had also committed to finish tendering process by July and begin work by now. Shakti Sinha, chairman DSIIDC, said project is high on their priority list and all the issues will be resolved at the earliest.The Rs1,800 crore project will cater to sectors like information technology, ITeS industry, media, research and development, gems and jewellery, and business services. KBI is likely to provide direct employment to 1,00,000 people and indirect employment to another 1,70,000. It is also expected to compete with the industrial sector in Gurgaon and Noida and boost property prices in Dwarka, the nearest suburb to the project. It is also Delhi's first project to have housing units for its workers.The building plan was cleared by MCD in February before the civic polls. Around the same time, DDA also allowed conversion of land use from agriculture to industrial for the project, which is coming up on 77 acres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16619047", "title": "Pro-Telangana protest: Osmania University erupts as cops seal gates to prevent trouble", "text": "HYDERABAD: Violence erupted in Osmania University on Sunday when students were stopped by police for attempting to take out a rally from the main gate of the campus to Necklace Road. About 400 students under the banner of OU-Telangana Students' Joint Action Committee (OU-TSJAC) fought a pitched battle with police and paramilitary forces stationed at NCC gate of the campus till late in the evening. Three students, B Naresh, Rajashekar and Damodar, all residents of B hostel were injured as unexploded tear gas shells hit them during police action.Trouble started around 11 am when about 50 students gathered at the NCC gate shouting slogans in support of separate Telangana. Within minutes, more students residing in campus hostels started gathering at the gate. As the scene turned tense and stone pelting started in no time, the police retaliated shelling tear gas pods and firing stun grenades. The students even managed to remove the barbed wire fencing and barricades. The protestors had already brought down the OU gate during an earlier T march.The stand-off lasted for several hours as students were forced to retreat towards the women's hostel from NCC gate. With the mob growing in strength near the hostel, officials employed Rapid Intervention Vehicle (RIP), Vajra to tackle the protestors. While the intensity of violence came down by afternoon, students once again gathered at OU Arts College around 3 pm triggering a fresh round of violence on campus. Several peaceful student groups of OU were found holding small rallies. However, several students were arrested and removed from the spot to prevent the violence from escalating.Interestingly, though the initial plan of the campus JAC was to take out a bike rally to Necklace Road, most OU students were confined to the campus with paramilitary personnel standing guard at the gates. \"We wanted to be part of the historic march on campus but none was allowed to leave the campus. Though we tried to go out individually, we were stopped by the police. At least 150 students were arrested from the campus during the day,\" claimed Kailash Neta, spokesperson, OU-TSJAC. Members of TRS-backed Telangana Rashtra Samithi Vidyarthi Vibhag, however, had left for Necklace Road even before the protests started on campus. Members of Telangana Vikalanga Vidyarthi Sangham were the only protestors who were allowed to walk out of the campus freely, students said. OU-TSJAC has called for a Telangana bandh on Monday. Meanwhile, fresh spell of violence broke out on campus at 8.30 pm, near B hostel with students pelting stones at the police station. Till last reports came in, the situation was still volatile.Meanwhile, OU administration has postponed examinations and PhD admissions which were to be held on October 1, owing to the tension on campus. A press note from the university said that the new dates would be announced in a short time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16618944", "title": "No need for developer\u2019s NOC for flat sale/transfer", "text": "MUMBAI: In a major relief to flat buyers and society residents, the state government has said that there is no need for a no-objection certificate from the developer for sale or transfer of flat (resale) in a fully constructed building.The state housing department has issued an official communication in this regard after coming across cases where developers illegally collected money from flat buyers for providing such NOCs.The department claims to have received complaints stating that the developers had collected up to Rs 500 per sq ft in such cases of transfer. This means, for the sale or transfer of a 540 sq ft flat, buyers are forced to cough up an additional Rs 2.7 lakh or so. The department has said there was no requirement for NOC under norms mentioned in the Maharashtra Ownership of Flats Act (MOFA).A housing department official said that MOFA norms requiring formation of the society and conveyance of the plot to the society within a stipulated time after completion are not being observed in a large number of cases. Recovery of illegal amounts in the name of NOC for sale or transfer of flats are being reported in several cases, the official added.The department has also written to the inspector general of registration, S Chockalingam, asking him to ensure that officials in the registration department register sale documents without insisting on the NOC from developers. The department says it has received complaints where officials have refused to register the documents without the NOC.The Cidco, which has leased out a number of properties in Navi Mumbai, has also been asked to ensure that developers of these plots comply with MOFA norms. The department has sought Cidco's opinion on whether its permission was needed for transfer/sale of flats for plots leased by it. The department is of the opinion that the permission\u2014insisted upon at present\u2014is not required. The government has urged societies where developers haven't conveyed plots within stipulated time to apply for deemed conveyance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "siliguri", "code": "16618842", "title": "East Bengal win Federation Cup", "text": "SILIGURI: East Bengal could not ask for a better way to celebrate their coach Trevor Morgan's birthday. On a day when the Englishman turned 56, they gave him another Federation Cup and a bit of a 'Pep Guardiola moment'.Soon after East Bengal survived Dempo's late extra-time charge to script a memorable 3-2 win and lifting the trophy for the eighth time, the players sang \"happy birthday to you\", danced and took their coach by surprise when they gave him a victory toss. That image - almost a replica of the Xavis and Messis while throwing Guardiola in air to celebrate one victory after another during the latter's reign at Barcelona - probably captured the mood of a team which finished their job in style.This was also East Bengal's second Federation Cup triumph in Morgan's third season, while Dempo's wait for their second trophy got prolonged.The vociferous Kanchanjungha Stadium was a bastion for East Bengal but silence fell on the capacity crowd when Dempo took the 50-minute lead through Climax Lawrence. That set the stage for an extraordinary contest where fortunes fluctuated for both teams as the game progressed. East Bengal equalized within 10 minutes, Arnab Mondal providing a perfect finish to a pre-match training drill.With both teams engaged in a box-to-box fight, the 90 minutes failed to break the stalemate. The extra time then sparkled in life, with East Bengal racing to a 3-1 lead with goals from Manandeep Singh and Edeh Chidi, who emerged top-scorer with five goals.But Dempo refused to be daunted by the scoreline or the setting. They came back with all their spirit and purpose and Mahesh Gawli provided a twist to the tale by reducing the margin in the 112th minute.East Bengal were shaken but held on, recalling their character and conviction and ensuring it became a truly memorable birthday party for their coach. Throughout this astonishing game, which kept sweeping from end to end, Morgan stood out for his near-perfect strategy.Result: East Bengal 3 (Arnab 60, Manandeep 99, Chidi 109) Dempo 2 (Climax 50, Gawli 112).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16619168", "title": "Petrol pumps not to refill for two days", "text": "JAIPUR: Protesting against the delay in the implementation of Apurva Chandra report which recommended higher commission for petroleum dealers, the 3,000 petrol pumps in the state will not refill their pumps for two days from Monday. The consumers are likely to face trouble as 25% of the pumps are expected to dry out in the next two days.The Rajasthan Petroleum Dealers Association (RPDA) has called for a two-day symbolic strike demanding implementation of Apruva Chandra committee report. The report suggests higher commission for petroleum dealers. Due to the strike, the state is likely to lose a revenue of Rs 170 crore affecting the sale of 3.02 crore litre of diesel and 30 lakh of petrol.\"We are on a strike on Monday and Tuesday. No pump in the state will take supply form the depot. The decision has been taken after several rounds of requests made to the government for the implementation of the recommendations made in the report. The report is pending with the government since 2010,\" said Suneet Bagai, president of RPDA.However, distributors have assured the consumers of swift supply of oil and diesel from petrol pumps. Consumers will only be marginally hit as the supply will remain uninterrupted till the stock lasts in the petrol pumps. We expect that nearly 25% of the pumps will get dry out which is a very normal figure,\" added Bagai.Ahead of the supply, the oil companies have also pushed up their supply in major cities. Officials claim that more than 3,000 tankers have been pressed in the city to ensure that all pumps get the enough supply. \"We are taking all measures and ferried more tankers on Sunday. Most of the pumps will have enough petrol and diesel but the smaller ones which do not have storage capacity are likely to suffer,\" said the senior official of Indian Oil.The association has also planned to intensify their protest from October 15 if the government pays no attention to their demands. All the retail outlets will limit their working time in the state and will operate only from 8 am to 8 pm.But in a major relief, the liquid petroleum gas (LPG) distributors have called of their strike on Sunday after getting assurance from the Union petroleum minister. The distributors were demanding the single pricing policy on the cylinders and direct transfer of cash subsidy to the consumers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16619552", "title": "Contractor booked after boy drowns", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after a teenager drowned in a trench in Sewri, the R A Kidwai Marg police have registered a case of \"culpable homicide not amount to murder\" against the contractor, executive engineer of the BMC and the assistant municipal commissioner of F-South ward.On Friday, Mohammad Saeed Ansari, fell into a 15-ft trench at Fatima Chowk on Zakaria Bunder Road. The trench was dug by the BMC to fix a pipeline and barricades were put up. Two labourers were posted there but were taking a break when the incident occurred. \"Cops had refused to file an FIR. They complied after I wrote a letter,\" said advocate Moin Khan .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16619230", "title": "Distributors of LPG defer agitation", "text": "MUMBAI: Over 55 lakh LPG consumers in Mumbai region can heave a sigh of relief for now. LPG cylinder distributors in the country have deferred their stir to stop home delivery of cylinders from October 1.The All India LPG Distributors' Federation, an umbrella organization of LPG distributors' associations in the country, had given the call demanding a transparent system for distribution to monitor cap of cylinders and a hike in their commission.\"Petroleum minister Jaipal Reddy has assured us that he will see to it that revision of LPG distributors' commission is cleared soon in the backdrop of rationing of subsidized cylinders,\" federation president Pratap Doshi said, pointing out that further decision on the call would be taken at an appropriate time if the government fails to keep its promise. Against commission of Rs 25 per cylinder, distributors are demanding Rs 50. \"Reddy has also promised to take up the issue regarding formulation of a transparent system for distribution of subsidized and non-subsidized cylinders in different categories with the oil companies,\" he said, pointing out that the present monitoring system for such distribution was weak.Distributors are demanding a fool-proof system to avoid clashes between delivery boys and consumers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16620598", "title": "Banaras Hindu University research to find insight into cure for cancer", "text": "VARANASI: To fight against deadly cancer disease the School of Biotechnology of Banaras Hindu University (BHU) has carried out a research that may provide a new insight in the cure of cancer especially the blood cancer after few years.According to head of school Prof SM Singh, in the investigation he along with research scholars including Ajay Kumar and Shiva Kant of the department have studied cancer progression and method to inhibit it with fatty acid synthase and dicholoroacetate (DCA).According to Singh, the in vitro treatment of cancer cells with DCA inhibited their survival and decline tumor cell proliferation without any harmful effect in normal cells, paving way for the therapeutic applications of DCA against cancer cells.However, according to the research team the molecular mechanism of DCA still remain speculative to a large extent.DCA can inhibit the tumour progression either by enhancing apoptosis (the programmed death of some of an organism's cells as part of its natural growth and development) in endometrial cancer without any effect on cell proliferation or by inhibition cell proliferation in cancers like breast, lung, and prostate with no effect on apoptosis or cell death and also by inducing apoptosis as well as inhibiting proliferations in cancers like colorectal and lungs. Thus the mechanism by, which DCA inhibits growth of a variety of cancer cells could vary depending on their etiology.According to Singh, the easy availability and low cost of DCA makes it a potential drug for antineoplastic applications, however it is yet to be approved for anticancer treatment. At the same time, it has only been tested against a few types of cancer cells, so this study was undertaken to investigate the unexplored molecular mechanisms of DCA with T cell tumors.\"In the research, it has been shown for the first time that DCA dependent inhibition of tumour cell survival also involves altered pH homeostasis and glucose metabolism. Apart from T cell tumours, other cancer cells have also been studied and it was observed that by changing the dose of DCA, cancer cell proliferation can be controlled\", informed Singh.Besides, the same research team has also carried out preliminary research to study the molecular mechanism of antitumor action of fatty acid synthase (FASN). For the survival of cancer or tumour cell, the synthesis of fatty acid is crucial, and this synthesis is catalysed by FASN. The inhibition of FASN with its inhibitor orlistat (tetrahydrolipstatin) has been studied, which has resulted inhibition of cell survival, accompanied by induction of apoptosis.According to Singh, the researches have already been published and since both the preliminary researches are very promising the department is keen to work more on this project. Singh said, a proposal for a continuing this project would be forwarded to the department of Bio Technology (DBT), government of India to seek technical and financial support.Meeting of IIT-BHU senate today: The first meeting of the Senate of Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Banaras Hindu University (BHU) will be held on Monday at Senate Hall, Swatantrata Bhawan, BHU.Music: Regional Cultural Centre in association with Sangeet Parishad is organising a musical programme 'Malhaar' at Rathyatra area on Monday.Athletic Meet: St John's School, DLW and Mehrauli jointly hosted the two-day annual athletic meet organised by the Association of Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand for the ICSE and ISC school, which concluded on September 30. As many as 366 participants from eight zones namely Agra, Allahabad, Ghaziabad, Kanpur North, Kanpur South, Lucknow A, Lucknow B and Varanasi were present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16621424", "title": "Samajwadi Party backed candidate is Allahabad University Student Union president", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Samajwadi Chhatra Sabha candidate Dinesh Singh Yadav has been elected the president of Allahabad University Student Union (AUSU), results of which were declared on early Sunday. The Samajwadi Chhatra Sabha is the student wing of the Samajwadi Party . Yadav defeated his nearest rival by 1,052 votes. Shalu Yadav of AISA has won at vice-president's election.Independent candidates were declared elected on the posts of general secretary, joint secretary and cultural secretary.Voting for student union elections was held on Saturday. The counting of votes, which started late on Saturday, continued till the wee hours of Sunday. The candidates and their supporters kept waiting anxiously outside the Union Hall gate and Central Library gate. The results were declared at around 5am.Returning officer Prof B N Singh said Dinesh Singh Yadav secured 2,543 votes and defeating his nearest rival Abhishek Singh alias Sonu by 1,052 votes. Pramod Kumar Pandey, with 1,289 votes came third while Ramayan Ram of AISA was fourth.Shalu Yadav of AISA won the vice-president's post by defeated her nearest rival Alok kumar Singh by 925 votes. Vijay Kumar Yadav came third with 1,077 votes. A total of 180 votes were declared invalid for this post. On the post of general secretary, Abhishek Kumar Singh aka Michael won the post with a slender margin of just 44 votes. He defeated Raghavendra Yadav of Samajwadi Chhatra Sabha. While Abhishek bagged 1,836 votes, Raghavendra secured 1,792 votes. Because of the thin winning margin, AU officials conducted the recounting in presence of district administration officials. Amit kumar Singh, with 1190 votes, bagged the Third position and Vikas Tiwari with 1049 votes stood at Fourth position. The entire counting process was videographed.Gaya Shankar Yadav won the joint secretary's post by defeating his nearest rival Ankita Rani Jaiswal by 171 votes. While Yadav got 1,677 votes, Jaiswal secured 1,506 votes. Mohammad Goush Idrisi with 1,024 votes came third.Dev Mani Mishra, a student of MA Final (Philosophy), won the post of cultural secretary with the largest margin among the candidates. He defeated Akanksha Mishra by 1,398 votes. Securing 2,157 votes, none of Mishra's rivals could cross the 800-vote mark. Akanksha with 759 votes and Prashant Ranjan with 680 votes stood at Second and Third positions. A total of 60 votes were declared invalid.Among those elected for the eight faculty representatives, four each from the undergrdaute and postgraduate courses, Vikas Singh of Law was elected unopposed while others include Rohit Singh of Commerce faculty who was elected against the post of FR (UG) along with Piyush Kumarendra of Law Faculty FR-UG). Similarly, among the FR (PG), Mayank Kumar Rai of Commerce was also elected. Counting for the remaining FR's was still continuing till reports were last filed in. The oath taking ceremony of new office bearers will be held at the AU Union Hall on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16619228", "title": "At 121 dB, it was noisiest visarjan in 10 years", "text": "MUMBAI: Noise levels recorded in the city on Saturday, the final immersion day, reached a 10-year high of 121.4 decibels (dB). Last Sunday on the fifth day of immersion, the highest noise level recorded in the city stood at 115dB.Opera House junction, Girgaum Chowpatty, Worli and Dadar were among the noisiest places. At 9.40pm, the noise level outside Jaslok Hospital was 102 dB and 105 dB in Worli.\"This year, the noise levels reached levels recognized by the World Health Organization as causing pain and very likely to result in lasting physical damage,\" said Sumaira Abdulali, convenor Awaaz Foundation. On Sunday, Addulali went around the city recording noise levels.\"I spotted adults and children sitting on trucks with their ears pressed against loudspeakers blaring music. Infants were held close to dhol tashas,\" said a shocked Abdulali.Anandini Thakur of Khar Residents' Association said noise levels in Juhu and on the Khar-Danda Road leading to artificial immersion ponds was much less as compared to the 5th and 7th day of immersions. \"The police seemed to have banned drums. These make the maximum noise and were missing from most processions,\" she said.Complaints about and newspaper reports on noise pollution during Ganeshotsav seem to have had a sobering effect on the state government. The state environment department did not issue any notification allowing Indian musical instruments to be played beyond midnight as it had earlier announced.In fact, police personnel were seen telling organizers to stop the music at midnight. Most processions went silent by 12.20am, except for the ones in the fishermen's colony in Mahim where music played at 86 dB till 1.15am.Policemen at Girgaum Chowpatty went from booth to booth and told people to stop playing music by 12.40am. Abdulali said the government must list the instruments that can be played during festivals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16624149", "title": "Costliest set for Ek Laila Teen Chaila", "text": "Made under RM Films pvt ltd a song sequence of 'Ek Laila Teen Chaila' was shot on a 20 lacs set. Renounced art director of Hindi cinema Nitin Desai gave the first clap for the shoot to begin. Producer Mukesh Soni has pledged to give new direction to the Bhojpuri industry with this movie.Seema Singh is doing an item number in the movie. Shaad Kumar has directed the movie.Screenpaly is by Gaurang Saha and Kanu Mukherjee is the choreographer.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16619452", "title": "Pockmarked roads to stay, at least for few months", "text": "MUMBAI: Citizens will have to put up with pockmarked roads, at least for the next few months. The work to repair and maintain roads, which was supposed to start in October, is unlikely to begin before December.Four months after it invited bids for road works contracts (RWCs), the BMC has not been able to award the contracts within the stipulated 120-day period.The civic body had floated tenders for RWCs in June. Contractors had bid 38-48 % lower than the scheduled rate, raising doubts about the quality of work. Under the rules, the rates quoted by the contractors are valid for a period of 120 days, which came to an end in the last week of September.The BMC has now issued letters to all the contractors, asking them for a three-month extension so that it can decide on the tenders. It has asked the contractors to keep their rates valid till then. So far, no contractor has given the extension.The delay in awarding of RWCs will also affect the implementation of the road maintenance management system (RMMS) as ward-level works are part it. The RMMS was to be implemented from October 1.In order to test the viability of the rates quoted by contractors, the BMC has asked them to undertake small works worth Rs 10 lakh. The civic body will monitor the quality of work and will award RWCs to those whose performance is satisfactory. Till now, no contractor has come forward to carry out road repairs on a trial basis.\"Technically, ward-level road improvement work will start only in December. It can begin before that only if the contractors agree to trials,\" said a civic official.Contractors said the rates quoted by them were for big projects and the BMC shouldn't expect them to carry out small projects (Rs 10 lakh) at those prices. \"If the civic body has a problem with low rates, then it should devise a mechanism to ensure that there is no compromise on the quality of work,\" said a contractor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16618851", "title": "Mumbai warms up to green immersions", "text": "MUMBAI: With a considerable rise in the number of idols immersed in artificial ponds this year, the city seems to be taking eco-friendly ways. Nearly 15,341 idols were immersed in artificial ponds this year as against 13,829 in 2011 and 13,866 in 2010 respectively.Taking into consideration the rising awareness among people, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) too had increased the number of artificial ponds. This year, the BMC created 24 ponds against last year's 22 and 2010's 19.\"It's an eco-friendly option and the arrangements made by the BMC too are good,\" said Prashant Narvekar, a Parel resident, who utilized the artificial pond created inside the Mayor's bungalow for immersions.Activists and environmentalists have been advocating the use of artifical ponds to keep the sea clean and free of toxicity so that no harm is caused to marine life and to water quality. Mumbai bid farewell to 7, 518 idols in artificial ponds on the one-and-half-day immersion, 5,515 idols on the fifth day, 790 idols on the seventh day and 512 on the final day.Taking cue from the Thane Municipal Corporation, which started the artificial pond trend in 2006, BMC seems to have fared well. To attractive devotees to eco-friendly immersions, ward offices had been ordered to make flower arrangements, rangolis and other decorations at artificial ponds. Facilities like a platform to conduct the last pooja before the visarjan and aartis playing in the background were added to appeal to the citizens.Mayor Sunil Prabhu said the sand acquired from the dissolved idols in the artificially created lakes would be used to make bricks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16620319", "title": "Probe launched after threat to blow up Jaipur airport", "text": "JAIPUR: The police have launched an investigation into a facebook wall post by a Churu-based man in which he has claimed that the bombs will explode at the Jaipur Internal Airport on October 1.According to the police, the state police agencies came to know about a wall post on the Facebook profile opened in the name of Apsana Khokhar.\"The man claims to be from Churu and has about 16 people in his friend list. In a message posted on his facebook wall on September 19, he claims bombs will explode at the Jaipur International Airport on October 1. He also claims to be one Shaid Khan from Pakistan,\" said a senior police officer.The officer said that after scanning the friend list, police approached a woman, a resident of Sardarshahar in Churu.\"The woman says that she knows the man and he is currently in Dubai. Further investigation is on,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16619081", "title": "Angry Agripada mandal refuses to immerse idol", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as scores of Ganpati idols were immersed on Saturday, Agripada Sarvajanik Ganeshotsav Mandal decided against immersion on account of a tiff with a builder over allotment of space for its idol.A mandal member, Jayesh Kelshikar, said \"For over six decades now, we have been celebrating the festival along with 25 Bombay Improvement Trust chawls near Mumbai Central. The pandal is always set up on the space between chawl no. 5 and chawl no. 7.\"Kelshikar said the chawls are undergoing redevelopment since 2007. \"The development firm owner had agreed to allot space to accommodate the idol. However, after his death, the developer who took charge refused to allot the space. We were forced to host the Ganpati on the outside pavement,\" Kelshikar said.Mandal representatives decided they will not immerse the idol till the developer gives a written undertaking that the space will be allotted in future. The developer could not be contacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16620521", "title": "There is no shortcut to success: Lt Gen JS Bajwa", "text": "Infantry School commandant Lt Gen JS Bajwa will be given a warm farewell on Monday before he proceeds to Delhi to take over as director general, Infantry corps. In an exclusive interview, Bajwa speaks to Rajesh Jauhri of TOI on issues like environment conservation, sports, ware preparations through training and others.Excerpts:In today's information era, where new technologies are unfolding rapidly, how do you see the relevance of the Infantry soldier and as DG Infantry? What is your vision for enhancing operational effectiveness of the Infantry?If we analyse the requirement of any future war, it emerges that Infantry will always be delivering the final verdict of the war. Technology is only going to be an aid and we are exploiting it mainly to ensure that we achieve our aim with minimum casualties. Today, my job in Infantry School is to train the soldiers but as DG Infantry, my role will be to see that that the required equipment are made available to the troops to meet the future challenges.At the helm of Infantry tutelage and having interacted with the youths at OTA and now at Infantry School. What is your message to the younger generation?They are living in an environment which is so progressive that their limits of achievements entirely depend on the efforts they are willing to put in. I want to tell them that there is no shortcut to success.Preservation of environment is the need of the hour. What is Infantry School doing for this cause?Armypersons are always environment conscious. Army organizes massive plantation drives every monsoon and the army areas are generally kept free from plastic. For short distances, we use bicycles and most importantly, we do the best to minimize degradation.Shortage of water is a well-known problem in this region. Is Infantry School making efforts to mitigate this problem?We ensure a check on all types of water wastage, and have made a plan for the treatment of sewage water by using it in watering the plants. This will not only enhance the greenery of the cantonment but also save the potable water. Plans are afoot to enhance the water storage capacity of Bercha Lake and the lake behind the Mhow fort as well.Olympic silver medallist and army's ace pistol shooter Vijay Kumar once again brought laurels to Mhow cantonment. Any special plans to bring more medals in 2016?This silver medal has given us insight of what is required in AMU. We have been able to consolidate our resources and a methodology is now vindicated. We are emphasizing more on yoga, physiotherapy and sports medicine doctor for optimizing shooting precision. AMU already has a fulltime yoga instructor and at our Physical Training School in Pune, yoga is taught to the instructors. At Infantry School, special emphasis is being given on it for flexibility of body, enhancing the stamina and control of mind. We have incorporated all this in our morning curriculum.In a war with night being turned into day by the use of night vision devices, the battlefield is likely to be more dispersed with junior leadership playing a crucial role. At the Infantry School, you are training the cutting edge of the army-the junior leaders of Infantry. How are you training them to keep up to the challenges of future battlefield?Our training is divided into three aspects- first, development of individual skills. Secondly, skills amalgamated and synergized in a team and thirdly educating them in future warfare, evolution of weapons &amp; technology. Once trained in this way, every Havildar or JCO could lead in a war like situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16619488", "title": "From Bandra to Jogeshwari, rail corridor may run underground", "text": "A major hurdle in the implementation of the ambitious Churchgate-Virar elevated rail corridor project may finally get cleared.The railway authorities have decided to rework the alignment of the corridor between Bandra and Jogeshwari to avoid relocation of scores of residential and commercial structures. As per the new proposed design, the corridor on this 8.5 km stretch will entirely run underground.In the original design, only an 8.04 km section between Oval Maidan and Mahalaxmi was to be underground. The corridor was to be at grade, or alongside the existing tracks, from Santa Cruz to Vile Parle, from Dahisar to Mira Road, Bhayander to Vasai, and at Virar. The remaining 42 km of the 63-km corridor was to be elevated.On Saturday, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and railway board chairman Vinay Mittal reviewed the status of the Rs 21,000 crore project. During the meeting, sources said, the reworked alignment was discussed. \"It has been decided to go underground between Bandra and Jogeshwari,\" a railway official said. \"This will save relocation of about 100 structures.\"The state government, which is assisting the railways in the project's implementation, had sought the alignment's revision after a review last month. The original design of the project required rehabilitation of more than 1,700 families or 7,000 people.During the meet, sources said, Mittal urged Chavan to expedite the process of signing the state support agreement (SSA). The Western Railway wants the state's help in acquisition of land for the project, relief and rehabilitation work, shifting of utilities, maintenance of law and order during construction, development of concourse area and fixing the FSI for commercial development of stations.During the talks, sources said, the state showed willingness in executing the SSA in October. It however asked WR to submit a report on the project's financial model before considering its request for allotting FSI of 4. A state official said that while WR has submitted a technical feasibility report, it is yet to submit a financial model. Both railways and state officials agreed that the model should be such that it does not accrue \"unjust gains to the concessionaire developing the corridor\".The state government wants the railways to work out a comprehensive rehabilitation plan for families displaced by the project. It fears that inadequate compensation will lead to litigations, which in turn will derail the project's implementation. \"We assured the chief minister that the project can be completed within six years if rehabilitation issues are taken care of,\" a railway official said.To minimize shifting of utilities and issues concerning the Right of Way, railway authorities said that efforts are underway to keep the alignment within railway boundaries as much as possible.During the meet, the state government asked Mittal to approve the pre-feasibility report for the CST-Kalyan fast corridor. Pushing the project as means to improve connectivity to the Navi Mumbai international airport, the government said it was prepared to fund up to 50% of the project cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16619469", "title": "Good rain fails to recharge ground water in 50% Madhya Pradesh", "text": "BHOPAL: Water table in the state has actually dropped by a few meters as compared to the previous year, despite good rains during the monsoons. The central ground water board's quarterly report suggests that ground water level in nearly half of the hydrograph monitoring wells in the state have receded.Thus, the joy among the urban planners and farmers over more than average rains in the state for the second successive year seem to be short lived as the rains have failed to recharge the ground water.Water levels in 366 of the total 775 hydrograph monitoring wells across Madhya Pradesh measured till August this year has actually dropped.The report of the board suggests that depth of water table in the state ranges from 0.01 to 40 meters below the ground water. About 49% wells reported lower water levels in August 2012 as compared to August 2011.The areas where water level has depleted included northern and north-western districts of the state. Decline is up to 2 meters in 39% wells and 2 to 4 meters or more in about 10% wells.The districts where water levels have declined include Shivpuri, Chhindwara, Chhatarpur, Guna, Gwalior, Sagar, Mandala, Mandsaur, Neemuch, Ujjain, Ratlam and Vidisha.The regional director of the central ground water board (north central region) C P Srivastava said water levels in half of the state has actually gone down this year after monsoon as compared to the same period last year.However, a clearer picture would emerge from the report of next quarter scheduled in November, he added.The indiscriminate exploitation of ground water by digging more and more tube wells is broadly considered as the main reason for ground water table depletion.Besides, scattered rainfall that gives plenty of water at one place and leaves dry the other is also understood as the immediate cause of ground water registering decline in some places.Madhya Pradesh has received 1131.3 mm of rainfall till Saturday while 990 mm of rainfall is considered as normal for the state during monsoon. There is already a surplus of more than 100 mm and the figure could further go up by the time monsoon actually withdraws from the state completely. Last year too, the state recorded about 1265.5 mm of rainfall during the monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16619998", "title": "Autumn gift: Lucknow may get its food street", "text": "times news networkLUCKNOW: From Mughalai to Mexican dishes, from chaat and snacks to main course, Lucknow, the City of Nawabs, is all set to get a street, which would be full of culinary delights. Aptly named Chatori Gali, the culinary street in Gomtinagar will be a treat for the food connoisseurs, and will also host events ranging from rock to classical music.According to a senior official in the department of tourism, the patch from Samta Mulak Chowk to Samajik Parivartan Sthal in Gomtinagar area will be turned into Chatori Gali from October. People can gorge on not only Mughlai delights, but also on a variety of lip smacking dishes of other countries at one place. The Chatori Gali will function from 4.00 p.m. to 11.00 p.m. The traffic diversions will be made during this time. Besides an air-conditioned restaurant and 10 permanent kiosks, the Chatori Gali will have a number of vendors.To attract youngsters, the Chatori Gali will play musical events daily after 8.00 p.m. From classical to rock music, people will have a gala time in watching the performances. The duration of the event will be 45 minutes to one-and-half hour.Also, there will be a playground for children. For making it hygienic and environment-friendly, use and sale of plastic and tobacco products will be banned. A private company will be hired for its cleanliness and security.The senior official of the department also said that the evening eating joint will promote street vendors who are popular in a particular locality. Through radio, the tourism department will invite public feedback on them. The vendors will be selected on the basis of their popularity. The department will provide canopy and umbrella to them and will not charge for it. After 11.00 p.m., the vendors will be asked to move from the street.For giving final touch to the plan of Chatori Gali, the tourism department has been searching an event manager and have put a tender for it on their website. The event manager will be finalised by the end of this month, while the vendors will be selected in the first week of October. To make Chatori Gali attractive, all the vendors and shopkeepers will be wearing a uniform and all the shops will look alike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16619084", "title": "Six firms guilty of export fraud fined Rs 148 crore", "text": "MUMBAI: The Customs department recently imposed a collective fine of Rs 148 crore on six companies, four central excise employees and a chartered accountant in a case involving fraudulent claim of export incentives. The department has also sought Rs 44 crore for evasion of duty.A government scheme allowed companies to import raw materials duty-free, provided they export the finished goods. In this case, Shalimar Rexine imported raw material without paying any duty for manufacturing PVC leather, but sold it in the market here.Additional commissioner of customs Nasim Arshi, in his adjudication order, said, \"Supreme Rexine Industries Ltd, Sunrise Exim and Supreme Import and Export were inter-related firms formed with the aim to import raw material by availing exemption from duty and then exporting cheaper quality of PVC leather cloth. This was re-imported and again exported to show artificial discharge of export obligation.''Afzal Khan, Yunus Khan, Firoz Khan, directors or owners of Supreme Rexine, Sunrise Exim and Crescent Overseas, plotted the entire fraudulent operation to hoodwink the department of Rs 220 crore.The case dates back to September 2005, when Customs officials at Nhava Sheva examined Shalimar Rexine's export consignment and found difference in the weight of the PVC leather cloth. Customs investigations found that Supreme re-imported some of the consignments sent to Dubai and abandoned them after the investigations started. It was also found that Dubai port authorities had blacklisted Shalimar Rexine and auctioned some of the consignments.Firoz Khan created Crescent to facilitate some of the re-imports which were exported, the adjudication order said. Sunrise was also created as part of the modus operandi. Customs also imposed a fine on three other companies who participated in the fraud.All those who were found guilty denied the charges before Nasim Arshi. The officials were fined Rs 50,000 each for not following due diligence in the clearance of goods. The Khans and the three companies where they had interests were collectively fined Rs 147 crore. Chartered Accountant Lalit Thakkar was fined Rs 10 lakh. He was fined for issuing certificates confirming export figures which were not genuine. Shalimar Rexine had admitted to Rs 30 crore liability before the settlement commission but did not pay up, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16619933", "title": "Lucknow Municipal Corporation receives applications for Durga Puja from committees", "text": "LUCKNOW: Taking a cue from last year's protests against poor civic amenities around Durga Puja pandals, civic officials have started making arrangements, almost a fortnight before the onset of the festivity. Organisers from trans-Gomti have been the first ones to approach the civic officials to share their views on civic arrangements around the puja sites. \"So far, we have received six applications pertaining to Durga Puja and instructed concerned officials to ensure that roads and other civic amenities such as streetlights and garbage collection around the puja sites are in order latest by October 12,\" said a senior LMC official.Every year LMC keeps special focus on 10 prominent puja pandals, most of which lie in trans-Gomti. More than 100 puja samitis organise Durga Puja in the city.So far, LMC has received applications from only from nearly half-a-dozen trans-Gomti committees. Trans-Gomti area is home to majority of Puja pandals in the city with prominent ones being Ravindra Palli, Bhoothnath and C-Block in Indiranagar. \"Officials handling cis-Gomti have not received any application seeking permission to organise Durga Puja,\" said PK Srivastava, additional municipal commissioner. The security amount remains unchanged at Rs 50,000 for maintained parks and Rs 30,000 for the other ones.Last year members of several committees had protested at municipal office demanding cleaning and patching of important approach roads for convenient commuting. \"Apart from resolving civic issues, focus of civic body should also be on keeping Gomti pollution-free during immersion,\" said Rajiv Sinha, an ardent devotee of the Goddess, and a resident of Gomtinagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16618773", "title": "Metro digest", "text": "Chain-snatchings on final day of festMore than a dozen chain snatching cases were reported on Ganesh immersion day on Saturday. Cops reported six incidents at the Lalbaug pandal in Kalachowky and others at VP Road, Girgaum and MHB colony in Dahisar. In two of the six incidents, V P Road police arrested a 26-year-old, who fled after snatching a gold chain from Rakesh Kishore at Prathna Samaj. MHB police launched a manhunt for a biker duo who snatched gold chains belonging to two Dahisar women.74 held in bar raidSeventy four persons, including 19 bar girls and 35 customers, were arrested by the social service branch of the police for 'obscene behaviour' at a beer bar in Borivli on Friday. ACP Feroz Patel raided Parksite bar on M G Road and found the bar girls indulging in 'indecent and obscene acts'. \"We had specific information that the bar girls were indulging in obscene activities with the patrons, for monetary benefits,'' said Patel. All the accused have been remanded in police custody.Cop held for 'killing' fellow policemanA police constable, Rohan Tikekar (25), who was on probation, has been arrested for hitting another probationary cop, which led to the latter's death. The incident occurred in Ghatkopar (E) on Saturday. The duo had been deployed on Ganpati visarjan bandobast.MU contest on social causes attracts fresh student ideasMumbai University's new initiatives for joint action now (Munijan), an annual inter-collegiate competition organized to instil social change by involving university students, has shortlisted around 16 ideas from nearly 100 entries received. Some of the ideas include a project on blood donation, a plan to save water in colleges and a networked bicycle sharing programme. Finalists will be announced on October 2.Twin highway accidents leave 1 dead, another seriously injuredA student, Sunny Shah, was arrested in Mulund on Sunday after he rammed his car into a cyclist on the Eastern Express Highway, killing the latter. The victim, Rajendra Dwivedi (30), suffered severe head injuries and was declared dead at Rajawadi hospital. In another incident on the Western Express Highway, Abdul Rahim Qadir (25), was severely injured after he was hit by a motorcyclist, Siddiqui Sayyad, in Santa Cruz (E) on Sunday morning. Sayyad has been arrested for rash driving.Youth held for stealing tourist vehicle, valuablesUlhasnagar police arrested Bhima Sonawane (22), on Wednesday for stealing an SUV belonging to a Pune-based travel operator and swindling six tourists in Pune of valuables including mobile phones and credit cards.Man arrested for theft of ornaments worth Rs 2.5 lakhPolice arrested Anoop Yadav (27), a Dombivli resident, for stealing his neighbour's bag containing ornaments worth Rs 2.5 lakh. Police have recovered the stolen bag following Yadav's confession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16621241", "title": "Discrepancy in district v/s state child death records", "text": "NASHIK: Statistics from the district health office show that only 17% of 668 child deaths in the district were linked to malnourishment as against the state norm of around 50%. District health officials however said that they did not rule out cases of figures being misreported.Since April to August 2012, there were 668 child deaths in the district, against the figure of 687 deaths during the corresponding period last year, officials said adding that for the first time they tried to get the exact number of deaths that could be related to malnourishment.Child death refers to the deaths of children from 0 to six years of age.\"It is since August that we have been carriying out an analysis of deaths caused due to malnourishment by demanding reports from primary health centres or hospitals where the death has been noted. Considering data from April 2012, it is evident that 114 children - of which 73 belonged to severely acute malnourishment (SAM) and the remaining were from the moderately acute malnourishment (MAM) category - were among the children who had died. But the since the figure is well below the state average, we are considering a re-evaluation of the study,\" a senior health department official said.Hitherto, the child death audit only was limited to identify the cause of death. \"Malnourishment doesn't kill. But surely there are diseases that are caused due to of malnourishment and that can claim life - with pneumonia being the most common. Based on this co-relation and records with Anganwadi Sevikas', the DHO has decided to identify cases linked to malnourishment,\" the official said.It is for the first time that the study has revealed that 114 malnourished children were among those dead during this period. The district average however appears to be incorrect on two grounds - first, the state average of malnourished deaths was 50% of the total child deaths and the second reason being that 107 children were reported to have died because of pneumonia alone and 89 deaths were because of the low birth weight.\"The average that our study has deduced needs another survey and we will be looking at the accuracy of the records,\" the official said. On the total child death figure being almost the same as last year, the official commented that the figures of live births of children this year compared to last year's figures were definitely better.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16620301", "title": "Bharatpur, Karauli collectors transferred", "text": "JAIPUR: The bureaucratic reshuffle continued on Sunday with the transfers of an IAS and RAS officer as collectors of Bharatpur and Karauli districts.RS Jakhar, an IAS officer who was transferred as Bharatpur district collector on September 27 was again transferred to Karauli. Gyan Prakash Shukla who was earlier transferred to Karauli as district collector will replace Jakhar.Since September 27, the state has transferred 41 IAS officers, 17 RAS officers and changed district collectors of 19 districts across the state.Political circles are abuzz with the Gehlot government's strategic move to get into the election mode.As district collectors play a significant role in effective execution of state welfare schemes, political analysts believe that the chief minster has carefully chosen officials to head civic bodies and oversee administrative affairs in districts.Late on Saturday, the government had transferred 16 IAS officers for important posts including secretary at CMO, principal secretary and commissioner of transport department.The officers Jagroop Singh Yadav, Loknath Soni, Neeraj K Pawan, BB Mohanty, Rajhans Upadhayay and Lalit Mehra are considered as the officers who have been effective in executing and promoting the government schemes across the state.Even on Saturday the state government had reshuffled 16 IAS officers on various important posts including secretary, chief minister, principal secretary, medical and health, Commissioner, transport department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16621477", "title": "Red-affected villages to be electrified soon", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Around 600 households in Maoist-affected Chordaha panchayat having 11 villages in the Chouparan block of the district will soon be electrified with the Jharkhand State Wild Life Board having given the forest clearance for taking the power transmission line through forests.Local MLA Saurav Narayan Singh, who is also the member of the Wild Life Committee, said, \"With this clearance for electrification under Rajiv Gandhi Gramin Vidyutikaran Yojana (RGGVY) at Chordaha village, the work for the aforementioned project which was kept in abeyance will now cross the Gautam Buddha Wild Life Sanctuary.\"The villagers who have been long agitating for the forest clearance welcomed the decision. Work in this belt bordering Bihar will start in full swing.Meanwhile, D C Manish Ranjan has issued orders for launching the Solar Charging Station Programme in all the extremist-affected villages of the 17 blocks of the district. This will provide the people living in remotes areas with alternative sources of light. \"About 100 such villages have been identified as alternative sources of power or where till now no electrification had taken place,\" said Ranjan.He said that each of the station will have the capacity to charge 50 solar lanterns at once. He appealed to the villagers and the beneficiaries in the remote rural belts of the district to take full benefit of this. It will be very useful for the students residing in the rural belt. The entire project will cost around Rs 1.5 lakh. The state government will meet 90% of the total amount and the balance will be shared by the district administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16620832", "title": "Gang waylays trader, snatches Rs 45 lakh", "text": "KOLKATA: If it was back-to-back snatchings at gunpoint in south Kolkata last week, it was a daring daylight robbery that stunned Kolkata on Sunday afternoon.In yet another grim reminder of the fast-deteriorating law-and-order situation in Kolkata, a middle-aged scrap metal trader from Tamil Nadu was robbed of Rs 45 lakh on Aurobindo Setu in Manicktala. Sahil Hamid was lured by a gang of miscreants who had promised to help him buy brass scrap at an attractive price. They stopped his car on the bridge, overpowered him and his companion and snatched the money before speeding away.Hamid was supposed to receive the brass consignment in the Dunlop area on Sunday and had hired a multi-utility vehicle.Apart from his cousin Jabbar, a Chennai-based agent, Niranjan, who reportedly made the deal, was with Hamid in the car along with his Kolkata-based counterpart Pankaj.Shortly after noon, when Hamid's car was crossing Aurobindo Setu, a cab suddenly pulled up in front and forced it to stop. Five men came out, overpowered Hamid and Jabbar and started raining blows on the duo. \"I was on the front seat beside the driver while Jabbar, Pankaj and Niranjan were in the middle seat. The cash was in a plastic bag inside a briefcase. They punched and kicked us furiously before snatching the cash and fleeing,\" Hamid told investigators. After the incident, Hamid found Pankaj missing and realised the gang had whisked him away.Hamid told police he had landed in the city a week ago and checked into a hotel at Christopher Road in east Kolkata along with Jabbar. According to the complainant, Pankaj had promised him they would fix a deal for 15 tons of brass scrap at Rs 250 per kg, while the lowest market price was Rs 350. Hamid was easily lured and brought Rs 43 lakh in cash for the payment.After Hamid lodged a complaint at Manicktala police station, investigators found out that apart from Pankaj, another agent (Babu) was involved in the deal in Kolkata. The mysterious disappearance of Pankaj, however, forced police to suspect he had planned the robbery. Sources said he was a resident of Basirhat in North 24-Parganas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16620595", "title": "Programme to celebrate Annie Besant\u2019s birth anniversary", "text": "VARANASI: The headquarters of the Theosophical Society, Indian Section is going to organise a public meeting on its campus at Kamachha area to celebrate the 165th birth anniversary of Annie Besant on Monday.According to the general secretary of the society, R Sundaram, the programme will feature several discussions and talks on the life of Besant. The associated schools and colleges of the society will also organise different cultural programmes to mark the occasion. Meanwhile, 'Shanti Kunj', Besant's cottage in the society's premises is undergoing renovation for a five day training programme to be held between October 16 and October 20. Theosophists from across the country will participate in the training programme.Sundaram informed that Besant came to India in 1893 and worked for several social issues including women empowerment, labour rights, and eradication of social evils. She stayed in Varanasi from 1899 to 1933.\"She played an important role in the establishment of Banaras Hindu University ( BHU ). Malviyaji first mooted the idea of establishing the university in 1904. The then government was, however, concerned about the spread of nationalism and it imposed several conditions for granting permission for the establishment of the university. Among those conditions was that 'a strong, financially sound and efficient college with an adequate European staff should be the basis of the scheme'. It was Besant's magnanimity which helped in establishment of the university. By then, the Central Hindu College (CHC) established in 1898, reached a level of maturity and secured affiliation to the Allahabad University.Apart from CHC, Besant also founded Theosophical National School for Boys in 1907 and Theosophical National School for Girls in 1930.It may be mentioned here that Varanasi became the headquarters of Theosophical Society, Indian Section in 1895. So far, around 12000 members across the country have been registered with it. According to Sundaram, Besant dwelt in her cottage 'Shanti Kunj' in Varanasi from 1899 to 1933 and many of her belongings including pen, furniture and other articles are stored in her room and displayed on special occasions. The Theosophical library also has a rich collection of as many as 20,000 books. \"The library started from a small kiosk in the society's campus, and was fully established in 1930s. Almost all the books are very old and rare. We therefore we do not issue the books to members or other readers. Readers may enjoy reading the books in the library premises only. It also has a rare collection of pages of the newspapers edited by Besant\", informed Sundaram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16620980", "title": "Maharashtra forest department's wildlife week begins today", "text": "PUNE: The forest department will conduct a series of programmes in the city during the wildlife week to be held from October 1 to 7. The programme includes a nature trail, a bird watching session, a stage show, tree walk, documentary screening, photography exhibition, among others.The event has been supported by Nature Walk, the Bombay Natural History Society, the Indian Bird Conservation Network and Protecterra.All the events are free and open to public.Anuj Khare, honorary wildlife warden of Pune, said the week-long event will focus on creating awareness about environment and importance of wildlife conservation.The programme starts Monday with a bird-watching session at Taljai hill between 6.45 am and 8.30 am.The next day, a nature trail has been organised at Sinhagad valley between 7 am and 9 am. Sachin Punekar, founder President Biospheres will lead the nature trail team. To attend the event one needs to report at the forest guest house in Golewadi, at the base of Sinhagad fort at 6.45 am. Punekar will also lead a tree walk at ARAI hill (Vetal hill) on October 3 between 7 am and 9 am. He will help in identification of trees and create awareness of its importance and ecological aspect.On the fourth day, a stage show, 'Mantarleli Wat', will be presented by naturalist Kiran Purandare at Bal Gandharva auditorium at 5.30 pm. Purandare will narrate his experiences on wildlife, imitate bird calls and present a slide show. A wildlife photography exhibition by leading wildlife photographers will also be on display at the Yashwantrao Chavan art gallery between 10 am and 8 pm on October 5 and 7.Twenty-two photographers from the country have contributed their photographs for the exhibition. In the evening wildlife films will be screened.On October 7, state forest minister Patangrao Kadam will felicitate forest guards at the National Film Archives Hall between 5 pm and 8 pm. The programme will conclude with a talk and a documentary screening. A documentary on urban joint forest management, Pune will also be released. The programme will conclude with a talk by noted ornithologist Satish Pande on bird conservation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16618601", "title": "Telugu Desam Party woos reluctant minorities", "text": "HYDERABAD: Telugu Desam Party president N Chandrababu Naidu seems to be a man in a hurry. Naidu, who holds the record as chief minister with the longest tenure ever in Andhra Pradesh's history, is poised to cross another milestone as longest-serving leader of the opposition in the state. Now, he is striving hard to break the jinx and regain power when the next Assembly elections are held. In pursuit of this goal, he is busy wooing different sections - backward classes, Scheduled Castes, Scheduled Tribes and minorities. He has come up with a \"BC declaration,\" following it up with one for \"Empowerment of minorities.\" He wants to implement the A,B,C,D categorization for SCs and offer a better deal to STs.The \"declarations\" for different sections, with liberal promises trotted out for their socio-economic, educational and political empowerment, are meant to win back the support of numerically-strong communities which have, of late, deserted the TDP. Naidu has a two-pronged strategy for his party: one, to regain power in the state and, two, to play the role of a 'king-maker' at the national level after the next general elections. No one can dispute the passion and ambition of the man who, before he was abruptly ejected out of power in 2004 elections, wanted to be \"Jyoti Basu of AP\" with visions to rule the state beyond 2020.However, the road-map to wresting back power seems to be quite bumpy. Naidu has to contend with new political realities, more precisely in the three distinct regions of the state. The emergence of YSR Congress, led by Jaganmohan Reddy in Rayalaseema and Coastal Andhra regions, and the protracted movement for separate statehood in Telangana region, pose a formidable threat to TDP's game-plan for its political revival, nay, survival. In the present scenario, TDP virtually finds itself in a tight spot, with a three-cornered electoral battle on cards in Seemandhra and a five-cornered contest in Telangana region.It is in this context that Naidu is embarking on his padayatra across the state from October 2 to January 26, in a repeat of YSR's padayatra in April-June 2003 __ a year ahead of the 2004 elections __ to establish rapport with the masses.As far as the minorities are concerned, they do not seem to be enamoured of Naidu's sudden love and affection for them and apparent concern for their welfare and empowerment. It was Naidu's about-turn after the 1998 general elections that helped BJP to grab power at the Centre through a post-poll coalition called the National Democratic Alliance.Again, after 1999 snap polls, TDP turned out to be NDA's bulwark. Naidu's secular credentials among minorities were further dented when he enacted the flip-flop drama after the Gujarat riots. On April 11, 2002, he demanded the resignation of Narendra Modi but on May 1, the 28-member TDP walked out of Lok Sabha before voting on the opposition censure motion on Gujarat pogrom, thereby saving the NDA from fall.True, it was Chandrababu Naidu who had come up with status paper and policy on the minorities in 1996 and unveiled a \"package\" for minorities called Roshni on the eve of 1999 elections. No one can deny credit to Naidu since his government had accorded statutory status to Wakf Board in 1995, set up the Wakf Tribunal in 1997, formed Commissionerate of Minorities Welfare in 1996, notified Urdu as second official language in more districts, sanctioned construction of Urdu-Ghar-cum-Shadikhanas, conferred statutory status on AP Minorities Commission in 1998, constructed Haj House in 2001, established State Haj Committee in 2003 and constituted an exclusive legislature committee on welfare of minorities.On the negative side, Naidu kept quiet when anti-Christian violence rocked parts of Gujarat and Orissa and BJP-ruled states sought to impose the singing of Saraswati Vandana in all schools. It was also during his tenure that encounter killings of alleged terror suspects began in AP and the Gujarat police started picking up Muslim youth from Hyderabad for their alleged role in crimes and conspiracies in Ahmedabad. There was also a spurt in the activities of various Sangh parivar outfits across AP during TDP rule. All these acts of omission and commission forced Muslims in AP to turn against TDP in 2004 elections which Naidu fought in alliance with BJP. Post-2004 debacle, Naidu dumped BJP but he still carries the stigma of his past sins of aligning with the saffron brigade.(The writer is a member of AP Legislative Council and journalist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "aizawl", "code": "16621210", "title": "All Barak Youth Students' Association to launch indefinite blockade on NH-54 today", "text": "AIZAWL: Assam's Barak Valley-based NGOs will launch an indefinite blockade on NH-54, which connects Mizoram with the rest of the country, from 6am on Monday, demanding that non-tribal workers from Cachar district be allowed to enter Mizoram's IOC Veng locality of Vairengte without inner line permits (ILPs).The NGOs, under an umbrella organization called the All Barak Youth Students' Association (ABYSA), demanded that the governments of both the states find a solution to Assam-Mizoram boundary disputes and implored the Assam government to destroy the 'boundary pillars' erected by Mizo NGOs.The ABYSA had earlier organized a three-day blockade from September 26 demanding the Mizoram government 'revive' the work permit system for non-tribal petty traders and labourers and resolve the boundary disputes between Assam and Mizoram near Lailapur.However, tension along the Assam-Mizoram border was aggravated further on Saturday evening when Siddique Ahmed Mazumdar, Assam minister of state for border and cooperative society, visited Lailapur to take stock of the recent blockade at NH-54 in Lailapur.The residents of Lailapur, reportedly instigated by the ABYSA, had urged Majumdar to visit the disputed boundary line. Around 50 people on two-wheelers followed the minister's car, which was going towards Vairengte; some of them even crossed the Vairengte police check gate.The state police and some Vairengte residents stopped them at the check gate, leading to a scuffle. However, police prevented the violence from escalating, police said.Meanwhile, a team of Mizo Zirlai Pawl (MZP), a Mizo students' body left for Vairengte Sunday evening to take stock of the situation in the border areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16620423", "title": "Coast Guard\u2019s tender for 11 choppers scrapped", "text": "NEW DELHI: Coast Guard's plan to boost its maritime surveillance capabilities will have to wait as the Defence Ministry has scrapped its tender to procure 16 light helicopters.Only two companies \u2014 Indian Hindustan Aeronautics Limited ( HAL), offering its ALH Dhruv, and European Eurocopter with its twin-engine Panther MB \u2014 were in the race for the deal expected to be worth over Rs 1,000 crore.The tender, issued in July last year, was cancelled by the defence ministry after it was found that the helicopter offered by Eurocopter was not compliant with one of the request for proposal requirements, officials said.With only ALH Dhruv left in the race, the ministry could not go ahead as single-vendor tenders are not allowed by the defence procurement orocedure of the ministry, they said. The procurement was part of Coast Guard's efforts to enhance its capabilities to tackle terrorism and other threats emanating from sea and to prevent any 26/11-type attacks.The Coast Guard is now planning to issue a fresh tender with new and reviewed specifications in 2013. In the aftermath of 26/11 attacks, government had cleared several proposals to enhance Coast Guard's aerial surveillance capabilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16620757", "title": "Spare a thought for those who brought you up", "text": "CHENNAI: For the last 20 years of her life, Navaneethammal was subjected to torture by her son Dhanasekharan who wanted her property. Until her death at 82, she received no support from him.Her son kept pressurising herto get hold of his mother's property. Once she willed it to him, he began ill-treating her and eventually deserted her. \"We did not get any support from police. They kept telling us that she was going to die soon, so why take the pain,\" said R Ezhilarasi, grand daughter of Naveenathammal.As the city gears up to observe International Day for Older Persons, Naveenathammal's case reminds us of the pain and hostility elders face everyday. About one in 10 of all physical assault cases in Chennai involves those aged above 60. In the 17 months between January 2011 and July 2012, the GVK-EMRI 108 ambulance services attended to 3,205 cases, which constitues about 10% of total cases of assault of senior citizens in the city. Of them, 1,278 were women.The survey in Chennai revealed that 28% of the respondents had faced abuse personally. Of this, 36% were subjected to verbal abuse, while 20% said they had been facing abuse for more than six years. About 28% said they were facing it every day. \"Most of the cases in Chennai are related to financial problems. Several old people are abandoned by their sons once they get the property transferred,\" said R Muthukrishnan, a counsellor handling calls to the helpline maintained by the Helpage India at the police commissioner's office.In a country that does not have a strong social support mechanism for senior citizens, Tamil Nadu fares a little better than other states. Helpage India's nation-wide survey found that one in three elderly people in the country face some form of abuse, mostly from their sons or daughters-in-law. While Madhya Pradesh leads the pack with the highest rate of abuse with 77.12%, Tamil Nadu has an abuse ratio of 27.56%. However, states like Rajasthan (2%) and Himachal Pradesh (3%) have recorded the lowest abuse rate.Among other problems, road traffic accidents have been the biggest cause for death of those aged above 60 years. Experts say that it is partly because of badly designed roads. \"Several roads in the city are meant only for fast moving cars. The disabled person or an aged person is left out of the thought process,\" said Rahul Cherian, a lawyer at the Inclusive Planet Centre for Disability Law and Policy. \"Redesigning urban infrastructure to make it elderly-friendly is not even a cost-intensive process,\" he added.Health is the biggest reason for the calls made to 108 service. After road accidents, acute abdomen problems have received the most number of calls (11,315), followed by cardiac and cardio vascular problems with 20,915 calls. In 4,137 cases, officials found the victims lying unconscious. \"Diabetes, however, took the cake. Around 54% of all calls made in relation to diabetes were from people who were above the age of 60\" said the regional manager of 108 ambulances service, B Prabhudoss.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16619284", "title": "At state consumer courts, it's a long wait for justice", "text": "MARGAO: In what could be termed as travesty of justice for aggrieved consumers, the Goa state consumer disputes redressal commission and the two district level forums have, in most cases, failed to dispose of petitions within the prescribed time norms.As per the Consumer Protection Act, 1986, 'Normally, complaints should be decided within 90 days from the date of notice issued to the opposite party. Where a sample of any goods is required to be tested, a complaint is required to be disposed of within 150 days.'Records (until April 2012) reveal that of the 2,253 cases filed before the state commission since its inception in 1995, it could dispose of only 412 cases within the prescribed time norms of 3-5 months, which works out to just 19.04 %. The two district forums fared even worse. Of the 6,252 cases filed before both the North Goa and South Goa consumer district redressal forums, they could dispose of only 195 cases within the prescribed time norms, which works out to an abysmal 3.47%.The pendency of the cases is also high. While the state commission is yet to dispose of 82 cases filed before it, the two district forums have altogether 628 cases pending before it for years together. While 265 cases are pending in the North Goa district forum, the figure is 363 for the south.Sources pointed out that the reason for the high backlog at the district level is the long gap between appointments of the forum members by the government. Take for instance, the South Goa district consumer forum. The three-member body was functioning with just one member and without a president for well over a year; from February 2011 to March 2012, to be precise; thus rendering the body almost dysfunctional for want of quorum. With the appointment of Jayant Prabhu to head the South Goa district forum in April 2012, there has been a steady disposal of cases. Speaking to TOI, Prabhu said that over 20 cases per month are disposed by the South Goa district forum and exuded confidence that all backlog cases will be disposed within the next three months.Both the district consumer forums at Porvorim and Margao handle complaints from residents with compensation value of below 20 lakh. But for grievances worth between 20 lakh to under 1 crore, residents can approach the state consumer's disputes redressal commission, Junta House, Panaji.Sources said that a recommendation for appointment of a full time president for both the districts is pending with the government. It was also pointed out that the government is yet to act on a resolution taken at the national conference of presidents of state commissions in March 2011 to increase the remuneration of the presidents and members of state commissions and district forums. Other resolutions taken at the conference included upgrading the infrastructural requirements of the offices for state and district forums, holding regular 'lok adalats' for consumers and conducting more public awareness campaigns with a view to encouraging the public to approach the consumer forums.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16618778", "title": "Hubby held for suicide", "text": "MUMBAI: A 24-year-old man was arrested by the Bhandup police on charges of abetting his wife's suicide.Sheetal Gaikwad (19) had hanged herself at her Bhandup residence on Friday, after allegedly being fed up of being tortured by her husband, Ashok Gaikwad, who suspected her of infidelity. Cops said the couple had had a love marriage two years ago, that Sheetal's family had opposed.In another case, a 29-year-old nun, Anita, committed suicide by hanging herself at her residence in Kalyan (W) on Sunday. She left a note saying she is sacrificing her life for god. Anita was attached to a church in Kalyan (E).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "16619197", "title": "Restart mining: North Goa truckers to petition Centre", "text": "BICHOLIM: Members of North Goa truck owners association have vociferously demanded with the central and the state governments to restart mining activities which have been stopped \"under the pretext of environmental degradation and other issues\".An unanimous decision to write a letter to the President and Prime Minister of India requesting them to restart the mining activities and also to approach Supreme Court authorities for getting justice were amongst other decisions which were taken at a special meeting of the association held on Sunday.The members also raised concerns that a population of about five lakh people in Goa will lose their livelihood due to the decision of the government to stop mining activities and as such members decided to raise this issue with the concerned politicians including ministers and MLAs in the state for seeking their views on the matter.\"We do not know how to get justice as we are confused about the decisions taken by the state and the central government against the functioning of mines in Goa,\"said association president Mahesh Shambha Gawas.MLA Pramod Sawant, who was also present, said \"Chief minister Manohar Parrikar has taken a wise decision to start the mining activities after a certain period after Shah commission report was submitted to the Centre, however, the issue cropped up only due to the interference by central leader Jayanti Natrajan who made the problem worse. All mines would have started functioning on October 6 if Natarajan had not interfered in this matter,\" he said.Zilla panchayat (ZP) member from Sanquelim Laxmikant Parab, Suresh Desai, Sandeep Parab, Yeshwant Desai, Prakash Gawas, and Deepak Parab were amongst those present along with around 500 truck owners.It was also decided to fight this issue on a united platform along with the South Goa truck owners association.Others who expressed thier views included ZP member Parab, Avdhoot Parab, Ulhas Gaonkar, Kashinath Mayekar, Gunaji Parab, Suresh Desai, Deepak Parab, Yeshwant Desai, Prakash Gawas, Pramod Gaad and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16619458", "title": "Cops to summon 3 leaders, file chargesheet by Oct 15", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai crime branch probing the violence at Azad Maidan is expected to file a chargesheet by October 15. They will also summon three Muslim leaders who are believed to have delivered provocative speeches at the rally that led to the rioting.On August 11, a mob went on the rampage during the rally at Azad Maidan organized to protest against alleged atrocities against Muslims in Assam and Myanmar . Two persons died and 63 people were injured at the rioting that broke out in south Mumbai.\"After three maulanas delivered speeches, around 3,000 people gathered inside the Azad Maidan ground, charged outside. At the same time, another group rushed out of CST. The two together sparked the rioting,\" said an officer, adding that the community leaders might not have realized that their words could start a rioting. According to a source, the crime branch officials were waiting for the Ganeshotsav before they could take any action against the leaders as the move could lead to upheaval during the festive season. Secondly, the police department was also too busy with the bandobast duties. The police said section 505 (1) (C) of the IPC has been invoked in the case. The sections pertains to a statement being made \"with intent to incite, or which is likely to incite, any class or community of persons to commit any offence against any other class or community\". Persons convicted under the section can be punished with a jail term of up to three years or a fine, or both.The police have so far recorded the statements of around half a dozen community leaders, including Saeed Noori, general secretary of Raza Academy that organized the protest rally, Niyamatullah Noori, Guddubhaiyya, Akhtar Ali Amanullah Barkati and Gulam Abdul Kadri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16621139", "title": "'Won't allow FDI in any state'", "text": "CHENNAI: CPI (M) General Secretary, Prakash Karat , on Sunday said his party will continue to fight till the government reverses its decision on allowing FDI in multi-brand retail sector. \"We will not allow FDI to come up in any state. We will stage protests against it,\" Karat told reporters during a function organized to release a docume8ntary, 'Unmaiyin Porkural', which speaks about the struggle of the tribals in Vachathi. He also agreed with Mamata Banerjee statement that UPA is looting the country under the name of reforms. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16620324", "title": "Bakers to mark \u2018Hygiene Day\u2019 on Oct 3", "text": "KOCHI: With people becoming more aware of the unhygienic conditions in hotels and restaurants following the recent raids conducted by health officials, the bakeries have decided to give more impetus to hygiene in their production units. As part of the campaign Bake Fit, the Bakers Association Kerala (Bake) will observe October 3 as Hygiene Day. On this day, around 8,000 bakeries in the district will shut shop and take up cleaning works. The initiative is part of the forum's effort to meet the high quality standards set under the Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006.Bake president P M Sankaran said the association has the responsibility to ensure that quality products are served to customers. He said the campaign, launched by the association to reduce use of artificial colours, was successful.\"We have been following ethical practices in our industry and have launched various campaigns to set high standards in the bakeries in the state. Through the Hygiene Day campaign, we expect all the bakeries to follow best hygiene practices,\" he said. On the government decision to open the retail sector to multinational companies, he said it was not possible to oppose their entry blindly.\"The products of multinational companies can be used to the benefit of the baking units and bakeries. In countries such as Japan and China, corporate firms have outsourced bakery products to small-scale and cottage industries. While the small industries make products, the corporates market it under their brand names,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16620575", "title": "Motor vehicle department to act tough on traffic offenders", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Coming down heavily on traffic offenders in the city, the Kozhikode motor vehicle department (MVD) has launched an unprecedented crackdown on violators which would see the suspension of 500 driving licences over the next few days.The MVD officials are clamping down hard on rash and dangerous driving by strictly enforcing the state-wide directive to suspend the driving licences of those involved in serious traffic violations. Kozhikode MVD has suspended 248 licences since March when the department decided to go for harsher punishments for serious traffic offenders.Drunken driving, jumping red signals, use of mobile phones while driving, overtaking over yellow lines, over speeding and rash and dangerous driving are classified as serious offenses and will attract suspension of driving licences for three to six months.Kozhikode regional transport officer (RTO) Rajeev Puthalath said the department decided to go for harsher punishments as fines were no longer proving to be deterrents. \"Earlier, traffic violators were let off after slapping a fine. But now people are ready to pay any amount as fines. Offences by private bus drivers are a case in point. The drivers don't bother about the fines as it is the owner who pays the amount usually,\" he said, adding that drunken driving accounted for most of the cases involved in suspension of driving licences.He said that the experience over the last five months have shown that suspension of licences has emerged as a very powerful deterrent. \"Many people who have had their licences suspended have told us that they would not repeat the offence,\" an official said.The RTO said the office has lined up 500 cases for cancellation of licences. \"We are in the process of issuing notices in 500 cases, but we will hear the persons who have been charged before taking action,\" he said.He added that the department will soon install a network of cameras to nab over speeding vehicles along the Kozhikode Bypass. Red light cameras will also be installed at junctions to identify vehicles that jump signals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16620670", "title": "Delhi Half Marathon: At 96, oldest runner full of vigour", "text": "NEW DELHI: When organizers announced the age of the oldest participant at the Airtel Delhi half marathon on Sunday, many couldn't believe their ears. Loud cheers welcomed Mann Kaur (96) when she came to the start line. Her wrinkled face glowed with excitement, as she ran with other senior citizens who were at least a decade younger than her.Kaur discovered her talent after she turned 90. It was her eldest son, Gurdev Singh (75) who coaxed her to run and since then she has won several prestigious national and international championships and made younger participants envious of her talent.An exceptional athlete, Kaur spent all her adult life raising children and taking care of the family. Gurdev used to be an athlete and still participates in marathons and sports events. When he was participating in the World Masters Championship in Canada in 2008, he saw an old woman run. \"I thought; if a 90-year-old woman could run so fast, why can't my mother? My mother had no blood pressure or blood sugar. She just had to be encouraged,\" he said.Recently, Kaur also won a gold medal each in the 100 and 200-metre categories in the world masters athletic championship in Sacramento, USA. \"I think her fitness has got a lot to do with the way she conducts herself. She tries to be happy and keep others happy. My mother is also careful about what she eats,\" Gurdev said. Kaur eats rotis made with a mixed flour of chickpeas, barley and wheat along with dal or sabji. She also drinks two glasses of full cream milk in morning and evening.Gurdev also participated in the run with his mother. \"She is running as she wants the youth to understand the importance of fitness,\" he said.Around 1,130 senior citizens participated; many of them came in large groups from different localities. \"I think as you grow old, you realize how enjoyable such events are. I have come with 80 other senior citizens from Vikaspuri. We practise yoga and jog regularly,\" said Ashok Suneja (66).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16620569", "title": "Special drive to boost minorities\u2019 strength in paramilitary", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre has decided to launch a special drive to ensure adequate representation of minority communities in paramilitary forces. Besides, the government is also going to strengthen the number of women in the security forces.The move assumes significance as it came after the home ministry noticed that the current recruitment process has not been able to reach out to remote areas and vacancies reserved for youth from border areas and Maoist-affected areas have not been filled. \"Special efforts will be made to increase representation of minorities and women in the forces,\" an official said.The decision will help as a confidence building measure among minorities and women once they have adequate representation in the forces, which have been male bastions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16624900", "title": "April Fool to release on Nov 9", "text": "Jagapathi Babu and Bhumika Chawla-starrer April fool is nearing completion and the makers are planning to release the film on November 9, 2012. Bhumika Chawla will be once again seen in the role of a TV scribe while Jagapathi Babu plays a Lawyer. Producer GL Srinivas describes \"April Fool\" as an absurd comedy-cum-socio fantasy entertainer where the story revolves around five characters. Gulshan Grover is playing the role of a mafia don (land-grabber).Written by Balabadrapatruni Madhu, the film has soundtrack provided by Banti and cinematography is by Tanikella Rajendra Prasad . Krishnaswamy Srikanth Iyyengar is making his directorial debut. April fool is currently in post-production stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16620881", "title": "Top to bottom: Kate Middleton\u2019s naked picture scandal hits new low", "text": "LONDON: Reigniting the privacy scandal surrounding Kate Middleton , a Danish magazine has now published bottomless pictures of her, days after topless snaps of the future British queen had gone viral.Photographs of 30-yearold Kate changing her bikini bottoms while on a holiday with hubby Prince William in the South of France have been published in the Danish Celebrity magazine Se Og Hor (See And Hear).The magazine has gone further than any other publication and printed a 16-page special of photographs, including three of the Duchess of Cambridge changing her bikini bottoms, taken from the front, the Daily Mail reported . The photos appear to be from the same set of shots originally taken while the royal couple were holidaying in the South of France.There are thought to be up to 200 photos taken of Kate and William when they were sunbathing at a secluded chateau. The most revealing photograph in Se Og Hor, which appears on the front page of the magazine, shows the Duchess changing into a pair of blue bikini bottoms.Kim Henningsen, Se Og Hor's editor-in-chief, was unabashed by the threat of legal action and declined to say who sold the photographs.\"It's a set of unique photos from an A-class celebrity. It is my job to publish them,\" Henningsen said.Kate and William won a landmark injunction in France to stop further publication of the images by Closer magazine, under the threat of a \u00a380,000 fine. They have also handed over all files containing the images to representatives of the couple on the orders of the judge, after they were ruled a \"brutal\" invasion of privacy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "dhawana (rewari)", "code": "16621009", "title": "Khap panchayat bars couple from village", "text": "DHAWANA (REWARI): A social panchayat of Yadav community representing 21 villages of Rewari district, has imposed lifetime ban on a couple's entry to the village and also boycotted their respective families.Belonging to the same gotra and the same village of the district, Bhagirath Yadav, 27, and Sunita Yadav, 25, had secretly tied the nuptial knot on April 24, 2011, against the Khap norms. However, the news had reached the panchayat after the birth of their child recently when some family members from both the sides had gone to Rewari on the invitation of the couple last Saturday.The diktat was issued by the panchayat, presided over by Shribhagwan Yadav, and attended by around 800 persons on the outskirts of Dhawana village on Sunday.It took the decision after a two-hour deliberation in which the family members of the bride and groom were present. The couple, however, stayed away from the meeting.The panchayat members stated that the matrimonial ties within the same gotra and the same village were completely prohibited in the society and the couple had broken the age-old social norms, which was absolutely unacceptable to the people of the village and the community.Speaker after speaker at the panchayat, who rose to express his views, condemned the marriage and urged the panchayat to take strict and exemplary action against the duo.The harsher the language of the speaker, the more he drew applause from the people gathered at the venue.Village sarpanch Dalbir Singh also echoed the views of the people and maintained that the youngsters had committed a blunder by marrying and whatever punishment the social panchayat decides should be acceptable to everybody.Finally, Shribhagwan asked the family members of both sides to explain as to why they allowed this to happen. Standing in the middle of the meeting with folded hands, the septuagenarian grandfather of Bhagirath, Balwari Lal confessed to the 'social sin' committed by his grandson and stated he was feeling ashamed at his act.\"I tried my best to stop him when I came to know about his decision to marry a girl of the village. But he refused to listen and went ahead without heeding to me,\" said Balwari.The girl's father Karan Singh, an ex-serviceman, too expressed his helplessness in front of the panchayat in stopping his daughter.\"I immediately snapped our relationship with my daughter and even disowned her,\" said Singh.As per information, Bhagirath and Sunita have been living in Jaipur ever since their marriage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16620223", "title": "Two more arrested for robbing a car", "text": "GURGAON: Police have arrested two carjackers, who were fleeing away after robbing a Tata Sumo car from its driver on Friday night. The two have identified as Arvind, resident of Bhiwani and Teeru, resident of Bajghera village in Gurgaon.In the same case police have already arrested three people and recovered the stolen vehicle. After producing them before a duty magistrate on Sunday, police have taken the accused on one day remand. Now, all the five accused will be produced in the city court on Monday.According to police, one Chanchal Jha, resident of Gopal Nagar in New Delhi had called police control room and said that 5 carjackers had taken away his car (HR 55-KT-4845) after beating him up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16620089", "title": "Patna Municipal Corporation waits, illegal pvt hospitals work", "text": "PATNA: The illegal private hospitals and nursing homes on residential plots in Kankarbagh area are thriving despite Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) keeping 153 of them under its surveillance for a couple of months.As per Bihar State Housing Board rules, no residential plot can be used for commercial purposes. But the private hospitals on the residential plots in Kankarbagh area are doing brisk business even after the PMC vigilance committee's inspection in June. And, a few more nursing homes are coming up in the same locality.\"The PMC vigilance team visited one such nursing home in our locality on June 27. After preliminary inquiry, the team found the nursing home's functioning illegal but no action has been taken in the matter so far,\" said a resident of MIG Colony. Another resident said there are hospitals, which furnished wrong address to the authorities and got licence.The PMC commissioner, Pankaj Kumar Pal, had launched a drive against such private hospitals after several complaints lodged by the residents of Kankarbagh areas. \"The nursing homes are supposed to have a proper arrangement for the safe disposal of their biomedical waste. But things are worsening with each passing day as no one takes any step against such establishments,\" said Madhu Shrivastava, a resident of MIG colony, Kankarbagh. She had lodged a complaint against Krishna City Hospital, Kankarbagh in November last year.\"The neighbours are the worst victims of unhygienic conditions created by the illegal private nursing homes and hospitals,\" said Poonam Anand, another resident of the colony.When contacted, Patna mayor Afzal Imam admitted, \"There are several residential establishments which have been turned into commercial buildings. But the owners do not pay proper holding tax. Stern action would be taken against such illegal constructions.\"PMC commissioner, however, said, \"We will probe into the bona fides of all such establishments which have come up in the city on the leased land provided by the erstwhile Patna regional development authority (PRDA) for residential purposes. We are not going to demolish them immediately. PMC will hold an inquiry on case-to-case basis.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16621074", "title": "3 held with 25 stolen cellphones", "text": "PUNE: The Pune crime branch on Saturday night arrested three men in Budhwar Peth on Laxmi Road and recovered 25 cellphones which they had snatched from people who had come to watch the immersion procession. Suspects Farukh Salemohammad Arbani (26) and Zafar Alihussain Shaikh (25) hail from Mumbra in Thane and Mohammed Nadim Mohammed Aziz Merchant alias Chikna (28) is from Mazgaon, Mumbai. Police said main suspect Muneer Mehandi of Mumbra is untraceable. When the three were brought to the court, Mohammed Nadim injured himself by hitting the glass on the notice board. Nadim sustained minor injuries in the incident.The three suspects were remanded to police custody till October 3. The social security cell of the Pune crime branch led by inspector Bhanupratap Barge nabbed the trio, while they were robbing one Munna Shaikh (35) at Cholkhan lane in Budhwar Peth on Saturday night around 11 pm.\"The complainant, Shaikh, told the police that the suspects had threatened him with a sharp weapon and snatched his cellphone,\" Barge said.Barge said that when the police frisked the trio they found 25 cellphones. \"All the suspects have cases of theft, robbery and murder, registered against them in Mumbai and Thane,\" he added.The police team comprises constables Shashikant Shinde, Ajit Dhumal, Rakesh Boine, Sachin Kokre, Sohanlal Chutule, Sandip Holkar, Ganesh Jagtap and Krishna Machre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "9430485", "title": "Shah Rukh Khan as Munnabhai?", "text": "Shah Rukh Khan was the first choice for the role of Munnabhai, but was forced to turn it down when he had back problems.But when Shah Rukh Khan was part of the film, he helped out with the script. The producers credited him for his consulting inputs. After SRK, Vivek Oberoi was considered for the same role but Sanjay Dutt finally won it.Listen Shah Rukh Khan's superhit songs on Gaana.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16619143", "title": "Don\u2019t cut power: Court to discom", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi court has restrained BSES YPL from disconnecting electricity supply to the house of a man whom it had accused of power theft amounting to over Rs 10 lakh. Additional sessions judge Shahbuddin passed the order on the plea of an east Delhi resident, Mohd Warrish, and directed him to deposit 40% of Rs 10.38 lakh bill served to him for alleged theft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "tuticorin", "code": "16620541", "title": "Teen held for driving school girl to suicide", "text": "TUTICORIN: A 14-year-old school boy was arrested by the police on Saturday on charges of abetment to suicide of a school girl from his locality in Tuticorin.The girl doused kerosene and set herself on fire on September 25 and died two days later, as treatment failed. In her dying declaration, the girl told the police that she took the extreme step unable to bear the harassment by the boy. The boy was arrested and sent to a juvenile home. \"We have booked him for abetment to suicide. We are inquiring the charges of harassment by the boy,\" said a police officer.Police said that the girl, Tamilselvi (14) of Srinivasa Nagar near Korampallam was studying in a girls' high school in the locality. Hari (name changed), who was also residing at Srinivasa Nagar was studying in the ninth standard in another school. Hari had allegedly proposed to the girl, but she had turned it down. However, he continued to make similar advances and allegedly started harassing her after she continued to snub him. The girl told the police that Hari also started intimidating her at one point. Unable to bear the harassment, she doused kerosene and set herself ablaze on September 25 when her parents were away from the house.Shocked neighbours, who rushed to the house after hearing her scream, took her to the hospital. But Tamilselvi succumbed to the burn injuries two days later in the government hospital at Tuticorin. Based on her dying declaration, police arrested Hari. He was produced before a judicial magistrate court and was remanded.\"He has been sent to the government observation home for juveniles in Nanguneri,\" police said. The parents of Tamilselvi have also lodged a complaint against the boy.Friends and neighbours of Tamilselvi have told the police that they had seen the boy following the girl several times and attempting to talk to her. Meanwhile, the parents of the boy are trying to obtain bail for him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16620941", "title": "Leak in pipeline sparks panic in north Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: A minor leak in a petrol pipeline at Korrukupet in north Chennai on Sunday morning triggered panic among the residents.Residents of Karanesan Nagar said they noticed the leak around 4.30am.As the news spread , many came rushing in with empty bottles to take home some petrol. Since the leak was very minor some brought cotton which could absorb it easily.The pipeline was carrying petrol from Korrukupet to the BPCL refinery in Tondiarpet. While locals claimed seeing a group of men taking away petrol in big cans, police said the leak was very minor and there was no possibility of petrol being carried away. The leak was plugged around 7.15am.After being alerted, the R K Nagar police cordoned off the area and informed the oil companies.\"We noticed the leak in the morning. It could have been leaking from midnight,\" said Raju, a resident of Karanesan Nagar.Sources from the company concerned said it was not a leak in the pipeline but just \"sweating on the pipeline.\" No pumping had taken place and the problem was set right soon, the sources said.Just two weeks ago a leak in an underground oil pipeline on Kummalamman Koil Street in north Chennai sparked tension as oil companies took time to react. The oil was being pumped from the CPCL refinery in Manali to the IOC terminal in Royapuram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16618721", "title": "14 and counting for PSPB", "text": "SRINAGAR: The PSPB squad is owner's pride and neighbour's (read other teams) envy.Ever since the PSPB teams are allowed to participate in the 1999 senior nationals, they have remained unbeaten so far. In the last 14 nationals, they were tested so many times but still managed to hang on to their incredible reputation as the numero uno team of the country.It all started in Jaipur in 2000 where they made their debut. Their entry into the nationals was opposed by many state associations as they feared their dominance will be over soon.Their worst fear is coming true as the PSPB men's and women's teams are not letting the other state sides win the Rahimatoola Cup and Chadha Cup for nearly one and half decades.Who will be a better person than Manjusha Kanwar to tell about the historic feat of PSPB. She was a player when PSPB won their maiden title and now as a coach, the former national champion is guiding the youngsters.\"We have the luxury of having so many talented players in our rank. This year we didn't have Saina Nehwal and PV Sindhu but still we managed to triumph. Arundhati Pantawane and PC Thulasi made up for their absence. That shows our team's depth. We are fortunate to have specialist players in both the teams to do the job for us,\" said Manjusha.The phenomenal success of PSPB depends on many factors. They offer the promising players job early in their career and give them the best of facilities. The administrators of PSPB do not make compulsory for their players to attend the office and give them full liberty to concentrate on their game unlike the other institutions.But there is another dark side to the story also. The continuous PSPB success has made the nationals a predictable one. Even a kid can predict which team will win the nationals.Maharashtra coach Milind Ghate said this should be stopped otherwise people will lose interest in the nationals.\"This is an inter-state tournament and should remain like that. Before the PSPB were introduced in the nationals, Maharashtra used to win regularly because they had so many quality players. Now the same players have been opting to play for their employers which is obvious. Look at the present scenario, majority of the top players are from Andhra Pradesh but that state is not getting the benefit because they are employed with PSPB,\" explained Ghate.The former national-level player said the BAI should do something to make this tournament more interesting in the future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "kolar", "code": "16620519", "title": "Won't allow Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike truck: Chintamani MLA", "text": "KOLAR: The proposed Rachapura landfill where eventually a biomethanization plant will come up to generate energy from the city's wet waste may be in nascent stage. But there are all signs that it is set to run into rough waters.Rachapura falls in Kolar taluk and is in Vemgal constituency. But trucks ferrying waste from Bangalore to Rachapura have to pass through adjoining Chintamani assembly constituency, a kilometre away, if it has to reach there fast.Chintamani MLA M C Sudhakar has already announced he will not allow a single truck of BBMP to ferry garbage through his constituency. \"Yes, Rachapura is quite close to my constituency but not within it. There is yet another route to reach this place via Bangalore-Narasapura-Vemagal Road. It's quite unscientific to dispose of Bangalore's waste into some other village. I would oppose anything that affects the environment in my constituency,\" said Sudhakar, a Congress MLA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16619756", "title": "Lifestyle club accused of cheating customers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A company that promised affordable holidays in India and abroad to the members has been named for duping customers of Rs 3.38 lakh. A complaint has been lodged with Navrangpura police in this connection.According to police, Malhar Mehta, a resident of Sumadhur Society in Nehrunagar, said that he had become member of Magic Holidays in August by paying Rs 34,368. He was promised access to a number of hotels during the holiday he chooses. However, when he went to the company's office, Magic Holiday Pvt Ltd in Agrawal Chambers on CG Road earlier this month, he found the office closed.\"Mehta tried to contact local business head Ritwik Joshi, a resident of Nilay Apartment in Ghatlodia, but to no avail. He realized that he had been duped as the company had shut the shop after collecting money from him. He then came in touch with nine others who complained of the cheating in the same fashion,\" said a Navrangpura police official. Police have sought documents from the victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16620263", "title": "Dalits see smallest rise in wages", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dalits have once again lost out, this time on wages in rural areas. A first-of-its-kind data released by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has revealed that during the last eight years - between April, 2004 and March, 2012 - the daily wages of cobblers in rural areas rose by 95%, the worst show among the 17 categories listed by the government's Labour Bureau. The all-India data compiled recently is, however, limited to wages paid to male workers.Similarly, sweepers, who are also dalits, saw wages rise 109% to Rs 106 a day last March compared to a tad less than Rs 51 when the UPA came to power in mid-2004.When it comes to actual wages, they remained the second worst paid after herdsmen, who were the only category earning less than Rs 100 a day till March. In terms of growth, sweepers managed to marginally pip blacksmith, whose wages jumped 108% and saw the second slowest rise.Where the wages have really boomed is in farm-related activities with winnowing and picking topping the charts with a growth of 169% and 158%, respectively. Unlike cobblers or sweepers, in rural areas wages for unskilled workers also shot up 153% to Rs 151 a day.What may come as a surprise to many is that the wage increase in the top three segments \u2014 winnowing, picking and unskilled labour \u2014 was more rapid that the rise in per capita income during this period.According to Central Statistics Office, per capita income at current prices was estimated at Rs 24,143 in 2004-05, which went up 151% to Rs 60,603 in 2011-12. In terms of daily income, the rise was Rs 66 in 2004-05 to Rs 166.\"There is a faster growth in farm wages in recent years, especially from 2007-08 because agricultural prices have gone up and the benefit has also been passed on. In addition, because of NREGA farm labour has a better bargaining power,\" said Ashok Gulati, chairman of the commission on agricultural costs and prices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16621504", "title": "Maoists use women to promote ideology", "text": "RANCHI: With increasing pressure of security forces in Latehar and West Singhbhum districts, which are dens of rebels, Maoists are using women in their propaganda team.The rebels are using women not only to promote their ideology but also to make false claims about police atrocities. Two women Maoists arrested by the security forces in Latehar have confessed this before police.Police sources said it was surprising for them to know that Maoists adopted a new strategy to tackle the pressure of the security forces. \"In the past two years, we have managed to gain control over the two so-called liberated zones in the state and pushed the rebels out of Saranda and Sarju forest to West Singhbhum and Latehar districts respectively. Bogged down by the pressure they have now started using women to make false claims,\" a police officer said.He also cited the latest example of women accusing CRPF jawans of molesting them in Ghatshila sub-division of East Singhbhum district. \"During inquiry it was found that the allegations levelled by the women against CRPF jawans were false,\" the officer said.Latehar SP Kranti Kant said the two women Maoists - Sumati and Nandni - arrested by police along with weapons early this month have confessed they were used to propagate their ideology and level false allegation against security men.\"The two confessed the Maoists have also been taking advantage of them being women and ferried weapons from one place to another as security forces rarely check bags carried by women even if they belong to Maoist hit areas,\" Kant said.He also said the rebels are also using women for collecting levy. \"Off late most women cadre are used for collecting levy and as a carrier of weapons and literature,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16623033", "title": "iPhone 5 camera complaints flood Apple", "text": "LONDON: Users of the new Apple iPhone 5 have bombard the US tech giant with complaints over a flaw in the phone camera that gives images a 'purple haze'.Users are reporting that images taken on the camera are ringed with a 'purple haze' on any image containing a bright light.The issue adds to a number of criticisms with the new phone, including light 'bleeding' from the edge of the screen, some phones rattling due to loose internal components, and the removal of Google Maps in favour of Apple's seemingly unfinished in-house Map app.According to the Daily Mail, some users hope this is a software bug that can be fixed with an update.But some blame the sapphire crystal lens, in which case a fix would be unlikely without a product recall.According to the report, some users have taken images of the same location with the iPhone 5, iPhone 4S and iPhone 4 to highlight the drop in image quality.Apple has not yet officially given a comment, although the firm's tech support teams have allegedly told users the problem is 'widespread'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16623229", "title": "Allu Arjun ready for Iddarammayilatho", "text": "Allu Arjun, who has recently returned to the city after a cooling his heels in Goa, is all game to start shooting for his next film Iddaru Ammayilatho. To be directed by Puri Jagannadh, the latest we hear is that the formal pooja ceremony of the film will be held on October 17 in Hyderabad while the regular shooting would commence from October 25.Bandla Ganesh, who is producing this romantic entertainer under Parameswara Arts banner, is making arrangements for the formal launch. Amala Paul has been roped in as one of the heroines in the film while the other female lead is yet to be announced. Devi Sri Prasad is going to compose the music for this film, which would be majorly shot in abroad.Allu Arjun and Puri Jagannath's earlier super hit film \"Desamuduru\" have hit the screens for 2007 Sankranthi, and the duo are looking to recreate the same magic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "16622768", "title": "Two CRPF jawans shot at by Maoists in Midnapore", "text": "MIDNAPORE: Two CRPF jawans were on Monday seriously injured after being shot at by Maoists during a combing operation in the forests of West Midnapore district.District SP Sunil Chowdhury told that joint security forces were involved in a fierce gunbattle with the Maoists in Goaltore area's Metla forest since last night during which R L Reddy and Bijoy Mahalakshmi were shot at in the morning.The two jawans have been rushed to the district hospital in a critical condition, he said.Police suspect that some Maoists have also been injured in the exchange of gun fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16624212", "title": "Rani doesn\u2019t make Prithviraj insecure", "text": "South actor Prithviraj has already grabbed eyeballs in the promos and posters of Aiyyaa, but the 80 films old actor down South is not worried about the term 'newbie' in Bollywood.On being asked whether Rani Mukerji's presence will overshadow him in Aiyyaa , an extremely calmed Prithviraj said, \"I think it's a great way to debut, when a big star like Rani Mukerji is involved. The film in marketing stage will bank on her. After Anurag Kashyap the biggest name involved in Aiyyaa is Rani. It's not me or Sachin (director), if I would have been let with the marketing of the film, I would have still done with Rani.\"\"I need to come to fact that for Bollywood I am a completely new entity. I would love that people will go and watch Aiyyaa like a Rani film and discover me,\" added Prithviraj.While talking about his camaraderie with Rani, the actor said, \"She was fantastic and is so inclusive as an actor. She used to go out of way to help others. Rani also invited my involvement in her characterization.\"You claimed to be a big fan of Rani. After working with her in Aiyyaa , how does it feel? \"I am a big fan of Rani and I am not saying this because I am working with her. I have always said that and now after doing Aiyyaa I have become a bigger fan of her,\" answered Prithviraj.Prithviraj feels that Rani's presence in the film have given the script a bigger platform. \"When Rani said yes to the film, it got a bigger platform and I always believed that the story needs that kind of platform. I need to understand that the entire buzz around Aiyyaa is because of Rani,\" asserted Prithviraj.\"The film is riding on Rani's shoulders and I am happy about it. I completely understand the fact that I am a beginner in B'town and what I have done in South has nothing to do with Bollywood,\" concluded the actor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16618617", "title": "India roll past Kazakhstan", "text": "NAGPUR: With their focus mainly on the post play, India tried many plays in defense for a better part of their second game and kept Kazakhstan at a distance for a facile 82-65 win - their second in as many days - in the 21st FIBA Asia Championship for U-18 women at the Bandaraya Stadium in Malaysia on Sunday.This 17-point win over Kazakhstan made Indian cagers the leading contenders for a place in the promotion qualifying games, with a clash against another challenger Hong Kong coming up on Monday.The result from India's third game will give a clear picture on how things might shape up in the Level II of the competition. Two teams will earn the right to take on the bottom two finishers of Level I fighting for the promotion to next edition's Elite group.Power forward from Chhattisgarh Sharanjeet Kaur joined the scoring party for the winners on Monday. In her 32-minute presence, Sharanjeet emerged as the leader scoring with 22 points. Pune girl Shireen Limaye continued her impressive show with yet another all-round show with 9 points, 11 rebounds, 6 steals and 4 assists.Kerala's post play specialist PS Jeena once again shared the scoring honours with yet another double-double that included 17 points and 15 rebounds. Tamil Nadu hoopsters Prasannan Geetha (13) and Rajapriyadarshini Rajaganapathi (12) too did well under the board for the winners.For Kazakhstan, Dinara Moldakhmetova played well for a 21-point effort.The quarter-wise progress in India's favour read 21-17, 19-18, 19-15, 23-15.With an important game to play against Hong Kong on Monday almost all the Indian cagers got a good feel of the court on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16620260", "title": "Hotels serve free food", "text": "Some hoteliers of the city serve food among poor students thrice a day. It's been a tradition for many hotels for the past 50-60 years.Some six decades ago, when poor students came to study Sanskrit in pathshalas, they were provided only accommodation. With no money, they found it hard to have food. \"To address their concerns, a hotelier in the city began feeding a group of hungry students, and helped them pursue studies,\" says hotelier Suresh.According to him, his father began feeding around 35 students after opening a hotel in 1970. Hotel Dasprakash, Siddartha Hotel and some other hotels, whose owners did not want them to be named, also offered free food to students. At least 10 students have food in hotels which serve plate meals.When asked what makes him feed the students, Suresh said: \"We treat them as our children, and won't discriminate them on caste lines. They have food every morning, noon and evening. We are just sharing what we have, and are losing anything by feeding them.\"\"Their number has now been reduced considerably. Pathshala and college lectures choose the deserving students and send them to us. Hotels feed them throughout the academic year freely. The beneficiaries include medicos studying in Mysore Medical College, PG students of University of Mysore and degree college,\" he stated.\"Those benefited from us visit us with their families and express gratitude. This gratifies us enough to continue the service,\" he said.Mysore Hotel Owners' Association president M Rajendra said this has been a tradition being followed from many years. \"Such a system speaks about the generosity of Mysore hoteliers and their concern for students. Apart from free food, some of them also back the students financially and by donating books and stationery,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16621370", "title": "Odisha Human Rights Commission's complaint management goes online", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The complaint management system of the Odisha Human Rights Commission went hi-tech with the launch of Web-based Human Rights Complaint Management System (eHRCMS) here on Sunday.Chief minister Naveen Patnaik inaugurated the system, which will work as a data sharing platform between OHRC and its national counterpart, National Human Rights Commission (NHRC).\"At times, complainants submit the same petition at OHRC and NHRC, leading to conflict in decisions. Through the online system, we can check the duplicity,\" OHRC registrar C R Mohapatra told TOI. The commission receives nearly 2,000 petitions from across the state in a year and disposes around 200 cases in a month.\"Until now, OHRC was sending letters by post to defaulters, which was time consuming. Now we have developed a software through which reminders would be shot off automatically through e-mails to the person concerned,\" said an officer of National Informatics Centre (NIC), a central government institution which provides e-government / e- governance solutions in the country.eHRCMS would also improve the monitoring mechanism of recommendations made by the commission. Besides, complainants would now receive acknowledgement via SMS and e-mail soon after filing complaints at the OHRC. However, the complaint filing mechanism has remained manual as usual.\"Like before, complainants will either have to send their petitions by post or lodge them personally at the OHRC office. Later, they acknowledgement letters would be sent to them electronically,\" the NIC officer said, adding, \"We will soon develop an online complaint filing mechanism also.\"Though eHRCMS is aimed at simplifying the complaint management system, uncertainty looms large over its sustenance, thanks to acute shortage of skilled manpower at OHRC. \"The commission is now relying on a few NIC officers to run the show. The government should appoint dedicated IT staff to manage it,\" said an officer. \"Many of the employees here have either been appointed after their retirement from government service or come on deputation from different departments,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16619338", "title": "Post-retirement job hunt affecting judicial freedom, Arun Jaitley says", "text": "NEW DELHI: The 'clamour' for post-retirement jobs among judges is affecting the impartiality of the judiciary, senior BJP leader Arun Jaitley said on Sunday. At a conference organized by the party's legal cell, Jaitley said that post-retirement jobs are being created through judicial verdicts.\"Pre-retirement judges are influenced by a desire for a post retirement job,\" said Jaitley, adding that he was fully in favour of increasing the tenure of judges or supporting pensions equal to last drawn salaries.Jaitley was backed by his party president Nitin Gadkari , who called for a cooling-off period of two years for judges after retirement.\"For two years after retirement there should be a gap (before appointment), because otherwise the government can directly or indirectly influence the courts and the dream to have an independent, impartial and fair judiciary in the country would never actualize,\" he said. \"I say this with a lot of responsibility that even before they retire, it is decided for Supreme Court and high court judges as to which Commission they will go and join,\" he added.The statements from BJP leaders comes close on the heels of allegations made by Gadkari that besides the CBI, the government is now using the judiciary as well to \"blackmail\" opposition parties. Jaitley spoke in favour of creating a National Judicial Commission which would have representatives of the judiciary, government and society to look after matters related to appointments and complaints against judges.\"The tendency of the judges to follow the ballot box, the tendency of the judges to get carried away with the times, has to be avoided,\" Jaitley he said, adding that judiciary had not been receptive to complaints of corruption against the government in Andhra Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16618703", "title": "Grand double for Petroleum Sports Promotional Board", "text": "SRINAGAR: It has been a one-way traffic in the Rahimatoola and Chadha Cup. The Petroleum Sports Promotional Board (PSPB) teams have been dominating the national scene for the last 13 years and the formidable squad maintained their hold on the trophy by retaining both the titles of the 68th Inter-State Badminton Championships.By emerging champions for the 14th year in succession here at the Sher-E-Kashmir Indoor Stadium on Saturday, the PSPB have sent a strong message to the other institutions that they should also start recruiting talented players otherwise the scene will likely to remain the same in the coming years too.Although, the PSPB lost a match each in both the finals, they were always in control of the situations.Pratul Joshi threatened to upset the PSPB calculations when he came at a hand-shaking distance of beating P Kashyap in the opening singles of the final. The 17-year-old Pratul, who had shocked two-time national champion Aravind Bhat on Friday, started in similar fashion and grabbed the first game 21-12.The talented left-hander had a couple of points in the second game and a major upset was on the cards. However, a few mistakes midway spoiled the sensational show for Pratul. Kashyap then showed why he is the best player in India by winning the three-game thriller 12-21, 21-15, 21-12.\"I should have closed the match in two games. I had a chance but paid the heavy penalty by committing a few unforced errors when I had put him under lot of pressure. He capitalized on them and stepped up the pace in the third game,\" Pratul told TOI.Anand Pawar leveled the score 1-1 by defeating Ajay Jayaram in straight games.However, Pawar could not repeat the magic in the following doubles. The pair of Pawar and Akshay Dewalkar wasted a couple of game points in the first game to lose the match narrowly to the PSPB duo of Arun Vishnu and K Tarun. B Sai Praneeth then grounded the airmen with a clinical win over G Gopiraju for an unbeatable 3-1 lead.In the women's final, Arundhati Pantawane emerged as the architect of PSPB win. The debutant won the deciding match when the score was 1-1 against Airports Authority of India (AAI).After PC Thulasi steamrolled Neha Pandit in the first singles, the star pair of Ashwini Ponappa and Prajakta Sawant lost against Pradnya Gadre and N Sikki Reddy.However, Arundhati mauled Mohita Sahdev 21-16, 21-11 to help PSPB keep their fabulous record intact.RESULTS (FINALS)Rahimatoola Cup: PSPB bt Air India 3-1 (P Kashyap bt Pratul Joshi 12-21, 21-15, 21-12; Ajay Jayaram lost to Anand Pawar 17-21, 17-21; Arun Vishnu-K Tarun bt Akshay Dewalkar-Anand Pawar 22-20, 21-15; B Sai Praneeth bt G Gopiraju 21-14, 21-15).Chadha Cup: PSPB bt AAI 2-1 (PC Thulasi bt Neha Pandit 21-15, 21-7; Ashwini Ponappa-Prajakta Sawant lost to Pradnya Gadre-N Sikki Reddy 14-21, 17-21; Arundhati Pantawane bt Mohita Sahdev 21-16, 21-11).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16620697", "title": "48-year-old dies of swine flu", "text": "PUNE: A 48-year-old man from Tekawade village died of swine flu early on Sunday. With this, the city's H1N1 death toll has reached 15 since April this year.\"Anandrao Maruti Gopale had tested positive for swine flu on September 28. He had been on ventilator support and succumbed to the infection at 7.45 am,\" said S T Pardeshi, medical officer of health, PMC.Gopale developed symptoms like fever, cough and weakness from September 24. He was admitted to a private hospital on Nashik Road where his condition deteriorated, and was shifted to Sahaydri hospital in Bopodi on September 28.During the Ganesh festival, which concluded on Saturday, the district administration and the state health department had categorically asked people to avoid crowded places, considering the highly contagious nature of H1N1. \"However, people gathered in large numbers at public places during the festival, throwing caution to the wind,\" Pardeshi said.The influenza A H1N1 virus spreads the same way seasonal flu spreads \u2014 from person to person through respiratory route. If an infected person coughs, sneezes or even talks or sings loudly, he or she generates aerosols or droplets of saliva with virus particles in it.So far, it has been observed that medical conditions such as obesity, respiratory diseases, notably asthma, cardiovascular diseases, diabetes and immunosuppressant increase the risk of severe and fatal illness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16620964", "title": "Youth beheaded at Balewadi over money", "text": "PUNE: Following a dispute over money, a 24-year-old 'panipuri' vendor was beheaded at a farm near Mutha river in Balewadi on late Saturday night.The incident came into light around 12.30pm on Sunday when a police patil from Balewadi saw a head lying in the farm of one Ganpat Dhende. The Chatushrungi police found the body of the youth a few metres away from his head.\"The deceased has been identified as Arvind Sumersingh Kushwah, a resident of Dhankude Vasti in Baner, from his PAN card and mobile phone,\" said assistant commissioner of police (Chatushrungi division) Vishnu Mane.Mane said police booked one Raibahadur under IPC section 302 (murder).Speaking to TOI, Mane said Kushwah, who was a panipuri vendor, went missing since 7pm on Saturday.\"Kushwah's relatives took time to inform police as they were under the impression that Kushwah had gone with Raibahadur, who also ran a panipuri stall, to watch the immersion procession.\"When Kushwah did not return home even on Sunday morning, his nephew Nilesh Kushwah called Raibahadur on his mobile phone. \"Raibahadur said he did not know the whereabouts of Kushwah and disconnected the call,\" Mane said.Nilesh grew suspicious and informed the police.\"When police reached Raibahadur's house in Juna Bazar, Mangalwar Peth, they found that Raibahadur and family left the house on Saturday night,\" Mane said.Nilesh told police that Raibahadur had borrowed Rs 12,000 from Kushwah. Around five days ago, the duo had a fight over the money. \"On Saturday, around 7pm, Raibahadur went to Kushwah's house and together they left the house,\" Mane said.\"We have found the weapon used for the murder,\" Mane said.Raibahadur and Kushwah, both from Madhya Pradesh , had been living in the city since the last one-and-a-half years. \"We have launched a search to trace Raibahadur. We also suspect the involvement of more persons in the murder,\" Mane said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16619670", "title": "Former babus, Congress women join BJP", "text": "AHMEDABAD: IAS officer of 1977 batch Rajnikant M Patel, who retired on Sunday, joined the BJP formally in the evening. Interestingly, Patel had attended a government event earlier in the day in his official capacity of additional chief secretary of panchayat department.Patel joined the saffron brigade, along with retired range forest officer G J Chavda and two women Congress leaders, on Sunday. The former forester is elder brother of Congress leader and former Gandhinagar MLA C J Chavda.The announcement of this effect was made during a hurriedly called press conference here. BJP vice-president Kaushik Patel said: \"Apart from R M Patel and Chavda, general secretary of the schedule caste and schedule tribe committee of the Congress Harsha Parmar and another party worker Usha Patel also joined BJP.\"R M Patel is likely to fight Gujarat assembly elections on a BJP ticket from Asarwa, a scheduled caste constituency in Ahmedabad. Patel, a former communist and better known as comrade Rajnikant among his ex-associates in CPM's student wing, Students Federation of India (SFI ), was due to retire in December.Patel was additional chief secretary, panchayats and tribal affairs during the end of his 18-year stint with the state government. The bureaucrat said he had \"no expectations\" from the party. \"I will work as a party worker and do whatever is assigned to me,\" Patel said.\"Impressed by BJP's style of development politics, I am joining the party. I have seen the working of this government very closely during my tenure, and how the state has progressed,\" Patel told reporters.His organizational skills were revealed when he managed Garib Kalyan Melas across Gujarat for chief minister Narendra Modi. Patel said: \"I was attracted by the function of Modi and hence I decided to join.\"He further said that his biggest achievement in panchayat department was the getting funds for the construction of 4.87 lakh houses in the rural areas. \"Earlier the budget was only 600 crore for 89,000 houses but now the government has allocated Rs 2,200 crore for 4.87 lakh houses,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16621362", "title": "Hobby, hobby, yes mamma!", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Cashing in on the trend of helicopter parenting, with parents trying to squeeze in a range of activities into their children's schedule right from their kindergarten days, city schools have come forward to offer a wide variety of hobby classes for kids from cooking, dancing, music, painting, salsa, hip-hop, jazz, calligraphy, foreign languages, storytelling, scripture-reading, sculpting, you name it!\"The formative years are very important for children as they learn very quickly and their muscles flex more. Normal pre-school education involves structured classes but in hobby classes they get exposure to a lot of things and pick up what they like and express themselves. This helps them in developing a creative knack,\" said Ruchika Pre-School principal Vimaljit Dua. \"The more you keep your child's mind engaged in activities, the more interesting and interested they will grow to be,\" Dua added. The pre-school offers classes in dance, music, painting, cooking and several crafts.\"In this age of cut-throat competition, along with academics children must excel in co-curricular activities or they will lag behind others. Performing well in other activities also gives moral boost and increases confidence among kids. I allow my child to learn everything he wants to but finally he has to choose a particular field he would continue,\" said Manaswini Das, mother of a six-year-old.Mahua Maharana, who conducts storytelling sessions at Bakul Library, said, \"I believe a story can enrich a child's imagination and creativity like no other device. By weaving stories around daily happenings, we can pique the child's curiosity in a constructive manner. Every story can be led to interesting activities such as painting and cooking.\" The library has turned into an 'edutainment' hub for children with many innovative activities including storytelling, foreign language classes, painting, music and cooking.\"We have started Italian Fridays, hobby classes by six volunteers from Italy, who are giving classes on cooking, Italian language, dance and storytelling,\" said Sujit Mahapatra of Bakul Foundation. \"Activities help in exposing the kids to a whole new world, which will help hone their talents and skills. We also encourage creative writing among kids from different points of view. While puzzles, board games and building blocks stimulate the mind, developing writing as a habit from an early age will do wonders for their creativity,\" he said.Takshila School in the city organized a unique programme recently where parents along with their children engaged in various interesting activities. \"Since small children trust their parents the most, we thought of including parents in the activities to ease the learning process. We tried innovative activities like skits, chanting shlokas and making pictures out of shapes. Besides, we also run hobby classes including roller-skating, sports, aerobics, western dance, keyboard, chess, quiz club, green club and so on,\" said principal of the school Lipsita Mohanty.Sai International school is another place offering stimulating activities like radio jockeying, photography, adventure classes, theatre and mathematics.\"Students are swept away by Bollywood music and TV programmes that nurture dancers and singers, which is perhaps why dance and music classes are so popular among children. Most children joining our summer camp want to learn Bollywood style dance,\" said Chintamani Biswal, who runs performing arts classes for over 100 children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16618558", "title": "Ajmal Kasab wrote to Pakistan envoy twice seeking legal help", "text": "MUMBAI: Convicted 26/11 terrorist Ajmal Kasab desperately wanted to meet the Pakistani high commissioner in India after his arrest in Mumbai.TOI has obtained exclusive copies of the two letters Kasab wrote in Urdu to the Pakistani high commissioner. The first sought an appointment for legal help and requested that the body of his colleague, Ismail Khan , be taken back to Pakistan for burial. The second letter said he did not want the services of an Indian lawyer and requested the Pakistan government to appoint a compatriot \"mere bachav ke liye (for my protection)\". Neither of his letters got any response.In the first undated letter that runs into three pages, Kasab stated that he was a resident of Faridkot in Pakistan's Punjab province. Providing his residence telephone number (03017363886), Kasab, now 25, admitted his role in the Mumbai attack and narrated his journey from Pakistan till he was captured.\"I took training in a Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) training camp since I wanted to become a jihadi. For this, I learned to operate firearms and bombs at Muridke in Muzaffarabad and became a fidayeen. Hafiz Saeed, Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi, Abu Hamza and Kahafa trained me in LeT camps and brainwashed me,\" Kasab wrote.Pakistani 'patriot'Kasab went on to give information about the names of his nine other accomplices and their addresses in Pakistan. He narrated how they travelled on a Pakistani ship, Al-Hussaini, and later hijacked Indian fishing trawler, M V Kuber. \"Khan and I reached VT station and began firing at different places; police also fired. During the exchange of fire Khan died and I was injured. I request for an appointment to meet you so that I can talk to you. I want legal help from you. Take Khan's body to his home in Pakistan,\" wrote Kasab. He signed off the first letter he stated himself a watan parast (patriot).Kasab wrote the second letter on December 26, 2008, exactly a month after he was caught. In it, he repeated his story and wrote, \"I don't want an Indian lawyer for defence\" and requested to meet a Pakistani lawyer. He pleaded that he had not got any response from the Pakistani high commissioner to his first letter and again requested for legal help. The second letter shows how Pakistan forsook the terrorist it sent to India. In both the letters, Kasab did not mention other attacks by his associates. Sources in the security establishment say that Kasab was not aware about the death of the eight gunmen in encounters. \"He knew only about Khan's death since both were travelling together,\" said a source.Kasab and his nine accomplices killed 166 people, including 18 foreigners. Kasab, who has been lodged in a highly guarded special cell at Mumbai's Arthur Road prison, was awarded the death sentence by the special court that was upheld by the Bombay high court and the Supreme Court. He has filed a clemency petition before the president of India. Currently, Kasab is practising karate to kill time in jail.What the first letter says:This three-page undated letter says he is a Pakistani national. While giving his residential address in Pakistan, Kasab mentioned his home phone number 03017363886Spoke about his ambition to join militancy and becoming a fidayeen, about his trainers Hafeez Saeed, Zakir-ur-Rehman Lakhvi, Abu Hamza and Abu Kahafa and also wrote about the nine other Pakistani terrorists who came to India on 26/11He admitted having hijacked fishing trawler M V Kuber. Mentioned attacks at CST and his associate Ismail Khan's death in police encounterRequested the Pakistani ambassador to meet him, provide legal assistance and send Khan's body to the latter's residenceHe termed himself as a patriotSecond letter dated December 26, 2008:Narrated the lead-up to the 26/11 attack, Khan's death and his capture. He stated that the police booked him in a caseRequested for a Pakistani lawyer saying he didn't want any Indian lawyer to defend himHe pleaded that he earlier wrote to the ambassador too but did not get any reply.Ajmal Amir Kasab's current profileDate of Birth: September 13, 1987Family: His father Amir Shahban Kasabm, was a bhel-puri vendor and sometimes he would act as a butcher (Qasab). His mother, Noor Illahi, is a housewife, while his elder brother, Afzal, worked as a labourer in Lahore . Kasab's elder sister, Rukaiyya Husain, is married in the village while a younger sister, Suraiyya, and brother, Munir, live in Faridkot with their parents.Originally from: Faridkot, Okara, Punjab, PakistanCurrent Address: Special cell, Arthur Road Jail, MumbaiQaidi number: C-7096 in the Arthur Road jail (murder convict)Current status: Sentenced to death. Has filed for clemency before the President of India", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16620730", "title": "CPM, Congress rallies to cripple Kolkata today", "text": "KOLKATA: After barely a week of respite, the city is all set to keep its date with road-choking rallies again on Monday.Both the CPM and the Congress are set to take their political brinkmanship to the city streets on Monday. While the CPM's \"mahamichil\" at Rani Rashmoni Avenue is set to draw nearly 3 lakh supporters at Esplanade, the Congress rally - a counter to chief minister Mamata Banerjee's Jantar Mantar dharna on Monday - is set to start from M P Birla Planetarium and end with a public meeting at Hazra crossing.Back-to-back strikes from September 17 to 20 had reduced that week to two days, as schools and offices remained largely closed or severely affected. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee had herself said that the state loses Rs 1,737 crore on every bandh day, a reason why Trinamool rarely resorts to bandhs. However, it didn't stop her and her party from holding a weekday rally on July 21, which brought the city to a standstill.The CPM, in fact, wanted to hold Monday's rally in front of Victoria House, the venue for Trinamool's July 21 meeting. However, police asked them to hold it at Rani Rashmoni Avenue instead. \"We really don't know how Rani Rashmoni Avenue will accommodate nearly 3 lakh people. I hope the administration makes adequate arrangements. We will try to wind up the rally by 4-4:30pm so that officegoers returning home don't get stuck,\" said senior CPM leader Gautam Deb.The main CPM rally, to be organized by the party's North 24-Parganas unit, will start at 1pm from Sealdah station and take the Moulali, SN Banerjee Road route to the meeting venue. Party faithfuls are expected to arrive not only by bus. A special train from Bongaon has also been arranged for supporters from that part of the state. Similarly, Congress workers are all set to converge near the Indira Gandhi statue at J L Nehru Road and Theater Road crossing and take the Ashutosh Mukherjee Road to Hazra for the public meeting.\"We will inform people about the policies taken by the Centre for their welfare and how the chief minister is misleading them,\" said Pradip Bhattacharya, state Congress president.The sense of exasperation has also set in among the city's law enforcers. A hapless deputy commissioner of police (Traffic) Dilip Adak said, \"This is a michhilnagari (a city of rallies) and we have to deal with it. If the political parties allow space for vehicular movement along the roads they take, we will make every effort to keep Kolkata moving. Else diversions have to be imposed.\"Adak's frustration is shared by Suparno Moitra, Nasscom's regional director (east). \"On one hand we want investment in the state and on the other we resort to michhil and bandhs. For investors outside, it seems Kolkata is always on the path of agitation. This is hardly a conducive atmosphere for investment.\"At least, poriborton had no impact on the general desperation and despondence over such rallies and strikes. Even though the chief minister admits it is an obsolete tool of protest in today's world, her party refuses to go the whole hog. It shuns bandhs but takes out rallies on every single issue. Kolkata has been a city under stress, its patience being tested to the limits, energy drained by a relentless struggle to travel and its hope for a quick resolve dashed by political brinkmanship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "darbhanga", "code": "16619931", "title": "President Pranab Mukherjee prefers 'Sri' to 'his excellency'", "text": "DARBHANGA: The presidential secretariat has amended the contents of the invitation card for the 4th convocation of Lalit Narayan Mithila University (LNMU) to be addressed by President Pranab Mukherjee on October 3. The amendments include deletion of the word 'his excellency' before the name of the President and deletion of word 'honourable' before his designation.The President is firmly against the use of colonial words and wants more democratic address.The approved content is \"Sri Pranab Mukherjee, President of India, will be the chief guest and deliver the convocation address.\" Similarly, words like 'his excellency and 'honourable' have been removed from the name of governor Devanand Konwar.Confirming this, LNMU registrar V P Singh said during the visit of the then President, APJ Abdul Kalam in 2005 for the convocation address, these words were printed in the invitation card. Hence, this time too, the university used these words, but in the second phase of printing of the cards the varsity is following the amendments sent by the President's office.He said directions have also come to place similar chairs on the dais for all the dignitaries and there would not be a special chair for the President. The name plates on the table of the dais will also not carry the words 'his excellency' and 'honourable'.Dean, students welfare, Prabhu Narayan Jha said, \"The amended format of invitation card had been sent to Darbhanga DM by S K Vidhate, deputy military secretary to the President of India and DM Narmadeshwar Lal sent it to the registrar, LNMU, on Saturday and accordingly amendments are being made.\"The university is going to be benefited in various ways by holding this convocation. Two 200 kVA transformers are being installed on the university campus and with this, power supply is bound to improve. Road construction department has constructed a very good road inside the university campus. All encroachments on the university land have been removed by the district administration. Director, higher education, Sitaram Singh visited the university on Saturday.Singh communicated to the LNMU syndicate that the state government has accepted the proposal of the university for release of Rs 67 lakh for holding the convocation. A total of Rs 1 crore is to be spent on the event.According to LNMU exam Controller M M Pandey, 1,315 students will receive their degrees at the convocation and 24 students topping various postgraduate exams in 2012 will get gold medals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16623947", "title": "South Delhi heist: 4 more arrested, almost entire cash recovered", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four more persons allegedly involved in the Friday's sensational Rs 5.25 crore heist in south Delhi have been arrested with police on Monday claiming that it has recovered almost the entire looted money.With this, the total number of arrests rose to seven, including two relatives of one of the accused who helped them in hiding the money.Harikishen, the alleged kingpin, Ranjit, Vijay Dagar and Yogesh were apprehended from Malviya Nagar area on Sunday.Deepak Sharma, one of the robbers, and Dagar's two relatives were arrested earlier.A senior police official claimed that they have recovered almost the entire looted money.Police had on Sunday claimed it had recovered over Rs 2.36 crore out of the money looted from a cash van of a cash replenishment agency in upscale Defence Colony on Friday afternoon, after a security guard who resisted the five robbers was shot. The guard succumbed to the bullet wound.The breakthrough in the case came after police managed to fish out dossiers from its records as victims, eye-witnesses and informers providing detailed description of suspects who were spotted in south Delhi's Malviya Nagar and Khirki areas.The gang had plotted the heist when they were in jail earlier this year and had recceed the area before executing the daring robbery.The arrests came following locals informing police that they have spotted some youths in Khirki with big boxes and with their description, a portrait of one of the suspects was developed. This led to the identification of suspects.During raids, police also managed to recover the key of the cash van, which the gang looted, from Harikishen's residence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "16620337", "title": "Mehrangarh tragedy victims' kin still await inquiry report", "text": "JODHPUR: Four years ago, on the morning of September 30, 2008, 216 youths lost their lives in a stampede at Mehrangarh Fort. Ever since, the families of the victims were waiting for the guilty to be identified and punished. The inquiry report submitted to the state government by Justice Jasraj Chopra Commission on May 11 last year is yet to be made public and the efforts to the families to access the report have consistently failed.\"We have staged dharnas, demonstrations and even a 'dandi march' to Jaipur to force the government to make the report public,\" said Manaram Meghwal, secretary of Mehrangarh Dukhantika Peedit Parivar Manch. He said that during his visit to Jodhpur on April 1 this year, a presentation demanding making of the report public was given to chief minister Ashok Gehlot and he assured to do so in a month. But nothing happened.On Sunday, they organised a function at Rajiv Gandhi Square here in memory of all those who died in the mishap and planned to work on the future course of action to force the government make the report public. \"We will now march to Delhi because we want to know who all have been found guilty for this incident so that they can be prosecuted,\" said Meghwal.Convener of Mehrangarh Dukhantika Sangharsh Samiti, Ram Singh Arya, who had taken a crusade against the Mehrangarh Museum Trust and had filed a petition in the high court, said that negligence of the government is incomprehensible. \"All the youths died in the mishap were from the lower strata of the society. Had any of them belonged to any influential family, justice would have been done by now,\" said Arya.According to Meghwal, nearly 80 other petitions have also been filed in the high court seeking compensation from the trust instead of from government. He argued that their fight is to make trust responsible as the accident took place in a private property and recover the money from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16620662", "title": "\u00a390,000 for flat smaller than snooker table", "text": "LONDON: A studio flat in London, smaller than a snooker table, overlooking a Harrods store is up for sale for \u00a390,000.The flat on the eighth floor of Knightsbridge block, measures only 10 feet 4 inches by 8 feet 4 inches, the Daily Mail reported.Its previous owners have managed to squeeze in a bed and kitchenette into the main room, and a shower above a toilet in a much smaller adjoining room. The property has already had 100 responses, 30 viewings and five firm offers after being advertised online last weekend at \u00a389,950.The top bid from the cash buyers is \u00a3120,000. It has an 85-year lease and is currently owned by a company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "16621495", "title": "Jharkhand ministers and officials corrupt, says Namdhari", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Former assembly speaker and Chatra MP Inder Singh Namdhari on Saturday accused the Jharkhand ministers and officials of being corrupt.He said, \"The situation in Jharkhand has become pitiable. No minister or official can say that he does not take bribe. The education sector in the state is in a bad shape because of corruption. Ministers and officials in the education department are also involved in money making. They make money through bribes received from teachers. In return, they help the teachers get transfer to places of their choice.\"Addressing a seminar organized by the Rashtriya Adhyapak Purashkar Prapt Shikshak Sangh on 'Samaj Ki Unnati-Avnati Me Shiksha', Namdhari said, \"It is awful to see teachers pleading with education department officials to get their work done mostly related to clearance of their due after retirement. It hurts to see such respectable men doing regular rounds of the department.\"The former assembly speaker urged the teachers to take up the profession out of love. \"Don't become teachers simply to avail a government job. Join this field if you are dedicated enough to build an educated society and inspire students to become responsible citizens. This profession has lost its credibility. Teachers must prove their worth to earn respect,\" he said.DEO P P Jha, association president Shankar Sahu, general secretary Deocharan Dangi, Harivansh Prabhat, RB Bharti, Ganesh Lal, secretary of Lohardaga Chamber of Commerce and Industries Ritesh Kumar were among those who addressed the seminar.Out of 38 teachers of the association in the state 14 participated in the seminar.While the chamber felicitated all the present teachers the association felicitated two of the three teachers - A K Sinha of Koderma and D K Jha of Dumka who got the national award this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16619071", "title": "Cops clueless on ATM van heist, main accused on run", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even though Delhi Police claims to have cracked Friday's Defence Colony heist in less than 30 hours, it is yet to make any breakthrough in the other cash van robbery case involving a loot of Rs 51 lakh which took place in northwest Delhi within few hours of the first one.Police are still groping in the dark and looking for clues to nab the prime suspect, Om Pal. Police say he was the driver of the vehicle carrying cash for replenishing money into the ATMs. Cops say he probably drugged the occupants of the vehicle and fled with the cash. Police had found the vehicle, a Maruti Suzuki Eeco, near Jahangirpuri Metro station.Police sources said that three teams have been formed to trace Pal, who according to an investigating officer planned the robbery two weeks ago. \"Pal had vacated his rented accommodation in Nand Nagri of northeast Delhi around a week back. This indicates the planning was done well in advance. We suspect there may be other accomplices in the crime who helped Pal in the heist. We are analyzing the call records and investigating all angles. We are raiding several places, including his permanent residence and other relatives in Delhi and adjoining states,\" said a police officer.The van, according to the officer, started from a cash replenishment office in Mahendra Park with Rs 81 lakh on Friday and made the last halt at an Oriental Bank of Commerce ATM near Kirori Mal College around 6.30pm. The custodians of the money, Yogesh and Hemant, and security guard Brajesh were found unconscious in the abandoned van. They claimed that Pal gave them spiked drinks, added the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16623443", "title": "Apple shying from 'Samsung didn't copy iPad design' ads", "text": "LONDON: Tech giant Apple has launched a bid to overturn a court ruling that orders it to run an embarrassing national newspaper advertisement admitting that Samsung did not unlawfully copy its iPad design.A British High Court judge had ordered Apple \"to put advertisements in the relevant newspapers and to put a statement on their United Kingdom website\", admitting its Korean rival had not infringed the iPad design.Apple, however, argued that, in finding Samsung had not infringed its design, the trial judge had place too much emphasis on differences between the design of the back of Galaxy Tab range and the back of the iPad, the Telegraph reports.Michael Silverleaf, representing Apple, said that the differences highlighted in the ruling amounted only to \"decoration\" that should not carry significant weight in judging whether Samsung copied.Whereas the back of the iPad is almost featureless, Galaxy Tabs have a separate, different coloured section along one edge that contains the camera and flash. T\"I say he was wrong to take these aspects [of colour] into account at all. This [the iPad] is a design about shape. You don't make a non-infringing design by making the same shape and decorating it,\" the paper quoted Silverleaf, as saying.He said that more weight should have been given to the similarities between the front of the iPad and the front of Galaxy Tabs.Silverleaf pointed out that both designs have a thick black border around their rectangular touch screens.\"Too much weight was given to the features of the back and far too little weight to the features of the front,\" Silverleaf said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16619088", "title": "Former president Patil still controversy\u2019s child", "text": "Facing embarrassments has become the rule rather than an exception for former president Pratibha Patil . After she relinquished office a month ago, it appeared that she will now lead a controversy-free life. But no such luck. A New-Delhi-based RTI activist's query on gifts received by the Rashtrapati Bhavan during Patil's tenure has stirred up a fresh controversy. It has come to light that well over 155 precious gifts were given to an Amravati-based education society during Patil's tenure as president. According to reports, the society is headed by Patil's legislator son, Rajendrasinh Shekhawat. In view of the row over the status of the gifts, now Rashtrapati Bhavan has informed the RTI activist that the education society has been asked to return all the gifts before January 2013. Rashtrapati Bhavan has been locked in several controversies ever since Patil took charge. A month after she took over, there was a row over her photographs. It was felt that a photograph, released to government offices, was different from her actual image. Her foreign visits also made headlines, not just because she had visited the largest number of countries, but that on most of her tours, she was accompanied by her grandchildren. Further, it was found that compared to her predecessors, she had visited her home state on a maximum number of occasions. As her five-year tenure came to an end in June, there was an unprecedented row over her post-retirement home. Ultimately, she had to settle for a bungalow offered by the state government in Pune.CM can breathe easyNow that Ajit Pawar has quit the deputy CM's post, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan can breathe easy. Ever since Chavan took over the reins of the state in November 2010, Chavan found that if he has to run the administration smoothly, he will have to take on none other than Ajit Pawar. At every cabinet meeting, while senior ministers maintained a discreet silence, it was only Pawar, who made his presence felt. He made all possible efforts to create embarrassing situations for the Congress. As finance and planning minister, Pawar left no stone unturned to halt key proposals submitted by Congress cabinet members. Outside the cabinet, Pawar projected himself as the next chief minister. Prithviraj Chavan was the first CM to successfully take on Pawar, ultimately leading to the latter's ouster from cabinet. Now it remains to be seen if Chavan really comes out with a white paper detailing irregularities in the irrigation department which Pawar used to head, or if it was just another promise meant to be broken.Cidco still headlessThere is no end to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's search for a clean, honest and efficient officer to head the crisis-ridden City and Industrial Development Corporation, set up nearly two decades ago for planned development of Navi Mumbai. Veteran bureaucrat G S Gill retired as Cidco managing director exactly three years ago. The then CM Ashok Chavan entrusted the charge to deputy managing director Tanaji Satre, promising that a senior officer of the rank of additional chief secretary will soon take over the reins of Cidco. Subsequently, when Prithviraj Chavan took over from Ashok Chavan, he too promised that a competent and honest officer will be appointed soon. If a top bureaucrat is to be believed, then the CM had indeed selected a new managing director for Cidco, but the proposal was withdrawn at the last minute for unknown reasons. While the crucial Cidco post is lying vacant for more than three years now, over a dozen bureaucrats are knocking at the doors of CM for a new assignment as all of them have completed five years on the present post, against the tenure of two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16618628", "title": "Government Medical College and Hospital all set to house paramedic institute", "text": "NAGPUR: The site that once housed the tuberculosis ward of Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) may soon have a paramedical institute. A three-member team from New Delhi representing the central health and family welfare ministry was in the city on Saturday to inspect the proposed site of the Regional Institute of Paramedical Sciences (RIPS).Additional director general of health services Dr Mangala Kohli, chief architect in the ministry Mukesh Bajpayee and representative from Hindustan Latex Limited (HLL) Anurag Salwan, along with joint director, Directorate of Medical Education and Research (DMER) Dr Niwas Ambore visited the site with GMCH dean Dr Rajaram Powar. Nagpur would be among the nine cities to have such institutes.\"There is huge manpower shortage in the health care sector. We know about the requirement for doctors and nurses , but the shortage of paramedical staff is not even taken into account. Many small and non-recognized institutes run courses for paramedical workers. In view of this, the central government came up with the Rs1200 crore project. Each of the institutes will be given Rs70 to 80 crore for the initial set up, including building and other infrastructure,\" said Dr Kohli.She believes that Nagpur is the best location for the institute that would not only serve Maharashtra but also nearby adjoining states like Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh , Chhattisgarh , Andhra Pradesh and Goa. \"GMCH has good infrastructure and teachers. Besides, a large number of patients take treatment here. So, it would provide a good clinical exposure to the students,\" said Dr Kohli.Dr Ambore said that the central government will provide 80 per cent of the funds required for the institute while the state government would contribute the remaining amount. \"Details need to be worked out as the courses have not yet been designed. As there is no regulatory authority governing paramedics, there is no recognized syllabus,\" he said.The proposed institute was shifted to Nagpur from GMCH, Aurangabad, as the hospital there didn't have enough space. However, according to authorities from GMCH, Nagpur, they have five acres space for the institute. \"The site has proper electricity connection and water supply too. Since there are no trees on it, there would be no problem like that happened in the case of the trauma centre,\" said Dr Powar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16620001", "title": "\u2018Life without wheat isn\u2019t easy\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Life without wheat would be unimaginable for most of us. Breakfast without the crispy toast or \"paranthas\", lunch and dinner without \"chapattis\" and tea without the biscuits wouldn't be the same, but there are a few people living with an allergy to wheat, who have to do away with \"incomplete\" meals. Known as celiac sufferers, these patients have to find an alternative to wheat in their diet. A talk on celiac disease was organized at a Panchkula-based hospital on Sunday. In this auto immune disorder, an individual is intolerant to gluten, a protein found in wheat, barley and rye. On a rough estimate, one out of 100 people, including children and adults, are affected by the condition to some extent. Some of the common symptoms of celiac disease are joint pain, anaemia, diarrhoea, constipation, fatigue, irritability and failure to thrive and short stature among children. Agreeing that life can be tough for such patients, particularly children, Panchkula-based pediatric gastroenterologist Dr Rajendra Setty said celiac disease requires patients to follow a strict, gluten free diet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16619153", "title": "PWD mulls 3 flyovers on Najafgarh corridor", "text": "NEW DELHI: The public works department (PWD) is planning three new flyovers on the Najafgarh corridor in southwest Delhi to decongest the area. While the cabinet approval has been granted for appointment of consultants, PWD officials are planning two 2km-long flyovers and one 700m-long flyover which will help decongest the highly blocked area.Confirming the news, PWD minister Raj Kumar Chauhan told TOI, \"Approval has already been given for the appointment of consultants who will carry out a detailed feasibility and technical study. We are in the process of appointing consultants.\" The terms of reference (TOR) of this study had been recently cleared by DDA planning body, UTTIPEC.A lot of development has taken place in the area in the past few years. Najafgarh was initially a small settlement, but has developed dramatically in the recent times. It also houses many unauthorized colonies in the area, said an official. Areas like Chhawla chowk, Dhansa road and Khaira chowk have become traffic bottlenecks with mixed traffic in the area.\"Najafgarh is now an entry point for a lot of areas and therefore, the vehicular traffic has gone up . The area has become congested and needs road engineering improvements urgently,\" said a PWD official.For this, PWD has proposed the construction of 3 flyovers as part of its corridor improvement plan. While two flyovers, each of two kilometers length, have been proposed from Sai Mandir to Dhansa road and Dichaon Kalan DTC bus depot to Dhansa road, a 700m flyover has been proposed from Haibatpuran colony to Dhansa road, said a PWD source.\"These flyovers will act like a phirni road \u2014 which is like a peripheral road of a village. With them, the current congestion around Najafgarh will reduce as development is expected to rise in peripheral areas of the city,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16618526", "title": "New FM Jayant Patil indirectly slams CM", "text": "NAGPUR: Even though deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar's resignation drama is over, NCP is not in a mood to smoke the peace pipe with Congress. Jayant Patil, who has recently taken over finance portfolio, targeted chief minister Prithviraj Chavan indirectly saying that when head of the state knew about the progress in irrigation sector since 1999 he should accept the reality instead of raising doubts about it.\"We don't want a government more interested in defaming NCP leaders than in development of the state,\" he told the media here. Patil, however, refused to spell out as to whom he meant by the head of the state. The minister was in the city to attend a felicitation programme organized by his party workers.Patil further said, \"a conspiracy is on to tarnish the name of senior NCP leaders. The cost of irrigation projects escalated because of various unavoidable factors and there are no irregularities in it. Instead of appreciating the progress, an impression is being created that the state's irrigation sector is ridden with scams.\"On Pawar's resignation, the new finance minister said, \"Once our white paper is published, the truth will come out. Pawar's critics will be silenced.\" Patil was pointed out that PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal and water resources minister Sunil Tatkare were also facing charges of corruption but they had not resigned like Pawar. \"Ajitdada is a clean and outspoken person. As he was deputy chief minister, he resigned so that critics don't get an opportunity to say he used his position to suppress the truth. Bhujbal and Tatkare have replied to the allegations made against them.\" Patil said adding that Pawar wanted all enquiries to be impartial.Mediapersons asked Patil if he felt the Congress-NCP government had not focused on development in the last two years. He was also asked who was defaming NCP ministers. Patil smiled and said that, \"people know who are involved. I need not name them.\" He parried more such questions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16622920", "title": "Mahadev team reached Kashi for shoot", "text": "The cast and crew of Manoj Tiwari's 'Mahadev' reached Kashi recently. The birth of Kartikeya which is a major part of the show is shot here. Manoj Tiwari sang devotional songs at this occasion. The show will reach a new leap from today.Audience and local people emerged to see the shoot. Manoj Tiwari made the show more beaming by singing devotional songs. The audience could not get enough of him and the show went on for hours. Sanjog Gupta of the creative team said, \" We are trying to raise the issues which are dominating the societies these days. Our focus is more on youth.\"Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16624328", "title": "Grand music launch of Sudhu Tomaake Chaai", "text": "The music launch of an upcoming Bengali film called 'Sudhu Tomaake Chaai' was held at Tamarind recently. The film is a youth centric film and focuses on the relationship between a young group of people. It is about the relationships of the members of a Bengali band called 'Pagla Hawa' and how they cope with the problems, yet manage to keep their relationships intact.The film which has been directed by Rudranil Choudhury and has been produced by Pranab Banerjee stars Saheb Chatterjee, Soumili Biswas, Mumtaz Sorcar, Bhaswar Chatterjee, Subhrajit Dutta, Arpita Mukherjee, debutante Tilottama Dutta and last but not the least, Soumitra Chatterjee and Sabyasachi Chakrabarty.The story, screenplay and dialogues are all by the director while the editor is Alok Dhara. The cinematographers are Manoj Mishra and Paramatma Yadav. The music is by Diptanil Choudhury and the lyrics are by A.Raju. The 7 songs in the film have been sung by Rupankar, Subhajit, Jojo, Subhamita and Promita.P.K.Banerjee was the chief guest at the music launch of the film on Thursday which will release on 5th October.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16621038", "title": "Suburban train derails near Minjur, none hurt", "text": "CHENNAI: A Gummidipoondi-Moore Market Complex suburban train derailed near Minjur railway station on Sunday. A Southern Railway official said, \"Four wheels of third coach from rear of the nine-compartment train derailed at 7.20pm. The train was brought to halt immediately and an accident was averted.\" Nobody was injured in the accident, he said. Traffic along the route was not affected as the trains were routed along another line. Technicians were rushed to the spot to remove the derailed coach and repair the damaged track. Commuters had to walk to the Minjur station and boarded other trains to continue their journey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16620321", "title": "Navy steps up vigil in all minor ports in state", "text": "KOCHI: In a bid to step up surveillance across the 590km-long Kerala coastline, the Indian Navy has decided to bring the 14 minor ports in the state under its operational ambit. Unlike the Kochi port, which is under the ministry of shipping, these ports come under the state government and are administered directly by the director of ports based at the state capital.At present, under the director of ports, there are three regional offices at Neendakara, Alappuzha and Kozhikode. Apart from 14 minor ports (Vizhinjam, Valiyathura, Thankasserry, Kayamkulam, Manakkodam, Munambam, Ponnani, Beypore, Vadakara, Thalassery, Manjeswaram, Neeleswaram, Kannur, Azhikkal and Kasaragod), there are three (Neendakara, Alappuzha and Kozhikode) intermediate ports in the state.Navy sources said warships based at the southern naval command will call on and augment their presence in these ports. Initially, the vessels will focus on ports like Azhikkal, Ponnani, Beypore and Kollam in addition to Vizhinjam.Meanwhile, steps are being taken to set up certain infrastructure facilities at these ports for naval operations.\"To begin with, the ports will be equipped with facilities for fuel and freshwater supply to naval ships. A discussion is already on between the state government and the southern naval command on increasing the presence of navy in these ports,\" said a Navy officer.The survey ships of the Navy have made a detailed survey of some of these ports and readied the nautical charts to facilitate easy navigation. Two fast attack crafts of the southern naval command \u2014 INS Kalpeni and INS Kabra \u2014 have already launched their operations from the minor ports. Apart from the Navy, the Coast Guard has also established its base at Vizhinjam and Beypore ports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16619689", "title": "Keshubhai Patel tries touching poor hearts with free treatment", "text": "RAJKOT: Tall poll promises continue to climb higher. After a string of giveaways announced by the state Congress, former chief minister Keshubhai Patel on Sunday promised free heart and kidney operations for all poor patients, if his recently-floated party Gujarat Parivartan Party (GPP) is voted to power.\"All poor people suffering from heart or kidney problems will get free services in government hospitals across the state,\" Patel announced, addressing a rally in Rajkot on Sunday afternoon.Patel, along with other GPP leaders like Gordhan Zadafiya, has embarked on a state-wide 'Parivartan Sandesh Yatra' to garner support. The yatra will conclude on October 31. The 83-year-old former BJP veteran will cover all the assembly seats in five phases.On Sunday evening, he addressed a well-attended rally in Babra town of Amreli district. Addressing a gathering of politically influential Leuva Patels, Keshubhai pledged that if GPP was voted to power, it would make sure that no one went hungry in Gujarat. \"We will stock 4.5 quintal of foodgrains at each gram panchayat to distribute among the poor people,'' he said.When asked where will the party get money from to fund all these promises, Zadafiya the media: \"There are a number of companies in the state who have not paid their taxes. We will collect the dues and the money thus collected in government coffers will be used to fulfill all the promises.\"The first phase, which began from Virpur, has covered Rajkot, Junagadh, Amreli and Jamnagar districts. Patel hit out at his bete noire chief minister Narendra Modi accusing him of making only hollow announcements, saying none of them had materialized so far.He also took potshots at Modi's recent announcement of Rs 10,000 crore plan to fill 115 dams of Saurashtra with Narmada water. \"Where were you all these years?\" he said, exhorting people to join him in changing the present government.The yatra's second phase will begin from October 4 and it will cover Kutch, Surendranagar and Bhavnagar districts. The third phase will start from Gandhinagar and the fourth leg from Surat. In the fifth and final phase, the party will reach out to voters in Narmada area and end the yatra in Ahmedabad on October 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16621416", "title": "Tamil Nadu wakes up to granite plunder", "text": "Aflock of wild grey pigeons flutters against the white bedrock of the hill and the emerald green pool of water. But nature's beauty is deceptive. The water pond, now a few hundred feet deep, is a granite quarry. As the sun beats down, the terrain in Keelayur near Madurai reveals a series of such excavations carried out across a once lush green landscape in southern Tamil Nadu.It was in August this year that the granite mining scam in Union minister M K Alagiri's citadel first came to light. But the enormity of the loss, including environment degradation, is yet to sink in. In the eye of the storm is Alagiri's son, Durai Dayanidhi (27), whose Olympus Granites, has been accused of flouting every section in the rule book and plundering granites from quarries belonging to the state-owned Tamil Nadu Minerals Ltd. Special police teams have been searching for this engineer-turned-filmmakerturned businessman, whose anticipatory bail plea was rejected by the Madras High Court last week. Dayanidhi had pleaded that he had resigned as director of the firm two years ago.But given the scale of the operations car ried out by granite firms during the previous regime, police are determined to expose the political patronage they received.The loss to the state exchequer was estimated by whistleblower and former district collector (or magistrate) U Sagayam to be about Rs 16,000 crore. But this is just the tip of the iceberg , say district authorities. \"We estimate the total value of the granite sale and export in Madurai district to be much more, ,\" said a senior district official, unwilling to commit to a definitive figure even as a team of about 200 officials and staff work overtime to assess the violations and losses. A total of 175 leases have been brought under the scanner and officials estimate that at least 600 hectares of land - both owned by individuals and government - have been illegally mined.Madurai's villages are now waking up to lost agricultural land, water bodies and even hillocks. \"According to an interim report submitted by the public works department, 800 acres of agriculture land have been destroyed due to illegal granite quarrying,\" Madurai district collector Anshul Mishra told TOI. But, officials estimate that at least 30,000 acres of prime farm lands would be affected due to destruction of water channels and bodies. They say at least 20 water bodies have been destroyed.Water canals have disappeared with granite firms constructing their factories, stock yards and polishing units on them. The affected areas are those irrigated by canals fed by rivers in the region, Periyar and Vaigai. Even land, protected by the Archaeology Survey of India for the presence of ancient Jain rock monuments, have been blasted for granite blocks.MINING IN MADURAIHow land was acquiredTwenty-year leases were granted to firms for quarrying granite on patta and government land through tender-cumauctions. In addition, firms encroached on government land and bribed officials.How duty was evadedWith the help of officials of revenue and mining departments and district collectors, the firms flouted land acquisition rules, forged permits, under-reported extent of quarrying, used intimidation and evaded duties and commercial taxesCases registeredThirty three cases registered and 55 people arrested. Police searching for M K Alagiri's son Durai Dayanidi. * Corruption cases booked against two IAS officers", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "16621270", "title": "2 more trains sought for Barak Valley", "text": "SILCHAR: Given the increased number of commuters in local trains that run within the Barak Valley areas, social bodies and locals are demanding more trains along the Silchar-Karimganj route, which falls under the Northeast Frontier Railway (NFR).Karimganj Citizens Forum (KCF) in a memorandum to NFR general manager Ranjit Singh Virdi sought introduction of two more trains along this route to provide relief to the daily passengers. The KCF sent the memorandum highlighting an eight-point charter of demands to the NFR GM through the area manager, Badarpur, on Saturday.The NGO said given the extremely dilapidated condition of roads in Barak Valley areas, people prefer to travel by local trains. However, only two trains run between Silchar and Karimganj every day. The same train that leaves Karimganj for Silchar in the morning returns to the border town in the evening. The train can't cater to the rising number of the passengers along the route. On the other hand, the express trains that run on the route - including Silchar-Lumding, Silchar-Agartala, Agartala-Lumding - charge high fare which is always not affordable for most daily passengers, the KCF said. The forum urged the NFR to introduce at least two more local trains on the route.The NGO, in its memorandum, also demanded that the infrastructure of railways in southern Assam areas should be urgently developed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16620389", "title": "Travel in low-floor buses to be costlier from today", "text": "JAIPUR: Travelling in low floor buses is set to become costlier for Jaipurites from Monday. The Jaipur City Transport Service Limited (JCTSL) will hike the passenger fare between Re1 and Rs 10 for various routes.The daily bus pass will now cost Rs 50, a 25% increase against the earlier fare of Rs 40.Similarly, commuters will have to shell out Rs 100 more to avail the monthly pass (for non AC buses) which now costs Rs 700.For students, the daily bus fare will cost Rs 25, and the monthly pass Rs 400.JCTSL is plying 295 buses in the city which includes non air-conditioned and air-conditioned low floor buses and mini buses in Jaipur.However, for passengers travelling short distance upto 4 kms, there will be no hike in the fares. \"Up to 4 km, the fares would remain same,\" a JCTSL official said.there would be the same fares which are Rs 8 for non air-conditioned low floor buses and Rs 10 for the air-conditioned low floor buses.It may be recalled that after the of diesel prices, the Rajasthan State Roadways Transport Corporation (RSRTC) and auto rickshaws had increased their fares but the JCTSL did not introduce any price hike, during then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16619894", "title": "Rashtriya Lok Dal general to protest against supply of saline water in west Uttar Pradesh", "text": "LUCKNOW: Highlighting the issue of poor quality of water supplied in several places in west Uttar Pradesh, Rashtriya Lok Dal general secretary Jayant Chaudhary is all set to open a new front against the UP government. Come first week of November, and Chaudhary will flag off a 'Jan Chetna Abhiyan' that will cover four districts of Agra, Mathura, Aligarh and Hathras, where problem of water salinity is more prominent. The 10-day drive will see young members of the RLD fanning out in the villages of four districts, where they will meet the villagers and collect water samples. The team will subsequently prepare a report, which Jayant is likely to table in the next session of Parliament.Speaking to TOI, Jayant Chaudhary said that the districts face serious problem of water salinity, but the authorities have not bothered to take up the cause. \"There were plans to bring in potable water to the villages. But that never happened,\" said RLD leader, Munna Singh Chauhan, who will also participate in the drive. \"This yatra will certainly help in creating awareness amongst the villagers who have been facing problems for quite sometime,\" he said. Chauhan said that villagers have been lodging their complaints with the local authorities for quite some time. \"Their complaints have largely gone unheard,\" he said. Sources said that the party is also likely submit a representation with the local authorities like UP Jal Nigam which constructed the over head tanks in the region, but did not bother to improve the water quality.According to studies, water salinity is a result of poor irrigation practices and water-logging resulting in saline soil, which contains excess neutral soluble salts, chiefly chlorides and sulphate of sodium, magnesium and calcium sufficient to affect plant growth adversely. This results in turning the soil sodic and depreciating the quality of drinking water.This is the second issue that the Mathura MP seeks to raise against the UP government.In August, he had raised the ante over non-existence of service lanes and underpasses for locals and farmers in 165kilometre-long Yamuna Expressway. Chaudhary had then claimed that dedicated service lane had been constructed on only a 15-km stretch for farmers to reach their fields. Alleging that the state government did not take interest in accommodating the interest of locals, Jayant had also written a letter to UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav suggested lowering of toll tariff to Rs 1 per kilometre.He also demanded that all cases against farmers, registered during the protests related to the Yamuna Expressway be withdrawn. This demand, significantly, has got the nod of the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16619953", "title": "Lucknow Mahotsava to open on November 26", "text": "LUCKNOW: This year, Lucknow Mahotsava will begin from November 26 instead of its usual date, November 25, in view of Muharram falling on the latter date. The decision was taken at the mahotsava committee meeting chaired by divisional commissioner Lucknow Sanjiv Kumar Mittal here on Sunday.Every year, mahotsava is organised between November 25 and December 5 but this year on account of Muharram, the 10-day annual event to celebrate all that Lucknow stands for will start from November 26 and conclude on December 6 a day later than its usual closing date. It was also decided at the meeting not to increase the price of the entry ticket. The commissioner has asked district magistrate Anurag Yadav to present a proposal for the theme of the mahotsava and get it approved within a week.Regional manager transport corporation told the meeting that 100 city buses would ply to ferry people to the venue of the carnival. The commissioner has directed senior officials of the power department to take steps to ensure uninterrupted power supply during the mahotsava. District magistrate said this year too artistes of national level would be invited to present cultural programmes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16621274", "title": "'Errant motorist root cause of chaos on road'", "text": "Deputy commissioner of police, Sandeep Diwan (headquarters and crime), who also heads the co-ordination, control and administrative supervision of the vehicular traffic of the city, among other things, speaks to TOI about the traffic scenario in Nashik and the measures taken to improve it furtherWhich are the chronic traffic congestion spots in the city, that where you constantly have to deploy constantly require additional staff to streamline traffic?In the first place let me make it clear that there are no chronic traffic congestion spots in the city. Congestion spots are the ones where vehicular traffic comes to a standstill for hours together and that is not the case in the city at all. However, Nashik does have spots where traffic is disrupted frequently for which, both, errant motorists and shrinking roads are responsible. We continually take measures to streamline traffic at such spots which include Dwarka, where the construction of the flyover and underpass is underway, MICO Circle and Old and New Gangapur Naka.At Dwarka two thirds of the road is occupied over construction of the flyover and the underpass activity due to which vehicular traffic oftens slows down or comes to a ahalt resulting in a long queue of vehicles. At places like MICO Circle and Old and New Gangapur Naka, traffic gets disrupted only during peak hours for which we deploy additional cops to streamline the traffic. Apart from this, we also have special cops on motorcycles who rush to spots to streamline disrupted traffic as soon as they are informed of traffic problems in specific areas.Is there any move from your departments to get rid of the problem at these spots permanently?After the work of the flyover and underpass is completed at Dwarka, traffic issues at this spot will be solved permanently. Vehicles on the Mumbai Agra highway would by-pass the city from the flyover, and the underpass for pedestrians will also help in lowering traffic disruption. Meanwhile, with regard to other spots where traffic disruption is frequent, we are in communication with the civic department to improve infrastructure.Any plans against the backdrop of the next Kumbh mela?We have appointed a special police inspector (PI), who is looking after every requirement for the Kumbh mela from our perspective. The concerned PI is also visiting the three other places where the Kumbh is held to study arrangements the police departments will need to make in those areas with regard to crowd management, traffic movement and measures to be taken to avoid untoward incidents. During the last Kumbha Mela the traffic department had sought an additional staff of 600, this time it would be even more.Are there any new proposals for erecting signals in the city?As of now there are 23 signals in various parts of the city. However, out of these, six have been closed down mainly on the Mumbai-Agra highway patch passing through the city since, the work of road widening and fly-over is underway. Apart from this, we also have sent a proposal to put up three new signals at Big Bazar Chowk on College Road, Mahindra Circle in Satpur and the Pipe Line Road T- junction, taking into account the frequent incidences of disruption of vehicular traffic at these points.Vehicles seems to be increasing, but there seems to be hardly any space for parking. Is there any proposal from your side to create new parking areas?We have been continually following up on the issue with various establishments and educational institutes to ensure that their visiting clients or students do not end up parking their vehicles on the roads. However, the response has been lukewarm.Various commercial establishments in the city do not have any parking space for their vehicles. The side margins around these buildings are used for parking, which is technically not correct. For any commercial establishment there should be a provision for ample vehicle parking taking into account the number of offices that are housed within that building and consequent visitor traffic as well. However, this aspect is often overlooked in Nashik and people end up parking their vehicles on roads, which eats up the space and leads to chaos.We have proposed an underground parking structure at Raviwar Karanja and multi-storey parking structure at Parashram Puriya Park, Shivaji Garden and Nehru Garden.Won't this be too heavy on the civic exchequer?If that is the case then the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) can always experiment with such projects with the help of private players or on a build- operate-transfer basis.There were talks about introducing the traffic warden scheme in Nashik. Has there been any progress on this front?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16619386", "title": "65 imposters held trying to write exams for cops", "text": "BHOPAL: Morena police arrested about 65 imposters from different hotels and lodges of the city on September 29 midnight, who had allegedly turned up in the city to write an examination for the recruitment of police constables. The exam was organised by the MP Professional Examination Board (PEB) on Sunday.Police said cases of forgery have been registered against them.Superintendent of police Morena Jaydevan A said that the raids were conducted after a tip off that a group of people had arrived at Morena to write the exam for others. 65 imposters along with two agents Mayank Tyagi and Pradeep Sharma were arrested..Police said that each of them were given Rs 30,000 for writing the exam. More than 11000 candidates from Madhya Pradesh , Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan and Bihar had appeared in the exams held at 22 centres in Morena.2 held in Bhopal: Similarly, two imposters were arrested in Bhopal while they were writing the exam in place of the original candidates. They were arrested from the centres under Bilkhiria and Piplani police stations. One of them has been identified as Nitish Kumar from Bihar who was writing the exam at a centre in DAV school of Piplani, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16619006", "title": "Shreyansh will be an asset for India: SM Arif", "text": "NAGPUR: Just a few days back, Sourabh Varma was talking about the tough competition with around 6 to 8 guys having the potential to win this year's nationals. He neither mentioned the name of Shreyansh Jaiswal in that list nor would he have thought that his challenge will be over in the second round.In the team event, Pratul Joshi had shocked two-time national champion Aravind Bhat and came tantalizingly close to upset London Olympics quarterfinalist P Kashyap.On Sunday at the Sher-E-Kashmir Indoor Stadium, another 17-year-old Shreyansh came from nowhere to rip apart the current national champion Verma and a player who is in the world's top-40.\"I was playing him for the first time and never heard about his name. I crumbled against the pressure he applied as the match progressed. He is a talented player,\" said Sourabh while lauding Shreyansh's efforts and admitted that he could not handle the pressure.It will be interesting to see how far this talented Chhattisgarh lad will go but one thing is for sure that India has found a new talent which can be groomed to play at the highest level.In his only second senior nationals, Shreyansh has stamped his authority in a fabulous manner. Last year at Bangalore, the tall right-hander was beaten in the first round by Sourabh's younger brother Sameer.\"It was not a revenge for me. It was just a coincidence that I had lost to Sameer last year. When I saw the draw yesterday evening, I thought I would lose to another Varma this year. I never expected to win today,\" said Shreyansh, a standard XII student.Recalling his memorable victory, he said, \"Sourabh was putting me under pressure early on in the first game. But after the 11-point break, I started retrieving whatever he was throwing at me. At that juncture, I thought if I can retrieve, I can also win points. I pushed myself further and played my shots freely. I used the dribble well, which forced him to lift the shuttle up. I then used my powerful smashes to good effect.\"Egged on by his mother, elder brother Dewansh and Chhattisgarh teammates, Shreyansh then capitalized on his chances to complete a morale-boosting win.It was also an emotional moment for Shreyansh's coach SM Arif. \"It was a fantastic victory by Shreyansh. I expected a close match but beating Sourabh was an extraordinary effort. Shreyansh always has the talent but needs to improve his temperament which will only come by playing more tournaments,\" said Arif.The Dronacharya Awardee still remembers the day, when parents of Shreyansh and Dewansh (18-year old) brought their sons at his academy five years ago.\"They were too young when they started training under me. I liked the way they improved with the time. I have no hesitation in saying that Shreyansh will be an asset for the country in the future. He is tall, patient and has all the making of a champion,\" said Arif.Shreyansh, who took up badminton by watching his parents play at their Bilaspur home, was earlier used to play kho-kho. \"My kho-kho coach advised us to go to Hyderabad and play badminton,\" said Shreyansh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16622961", "title": "'Makkhi' takes tips from Ajay Devgn", "text": "There's no denying the mutual admiration society between Telugu director SS Rajamouli and Ajay Devgn.Devgn's much awaited Son of Sardaar is the official remake of Rajamouli directed Maryada Ramanna. And now, Rajamouli's animation flick Makkhi, which is the Hindi version of his Telugu blockbuster Eega, does a take on daredevil Devgn's trademark balancing act on two horses.Rajamouli confirmed the news and said Makkhi will also be mouthing the popular lines Ata Majhi Satakli from Devgn's Singham.Reliance Entertainment's Makkhi is slated for an October 12 release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16621414", "title": "Effervescence 2012 kicks off today", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Effervescence, the five-day annual fest of IIIT-Allahabad, will kick off from Monday. From electrifying events designed to test the mettle in every sphere of human intellect to challenging competitions with exciting prizes to sparkling pro-nights, the event will be a complete excitement package.The first day of the fest will witness various events in management and technical fields. Purplexuz, an online quiz competition, will be organised for all the inquisitive minds ready to put their thinking ability to test.The event is all about solving complex puzzles with the solutions to each question providing the participants to toil hard to survive the cut-throat competition. Confondere, online technical event based on obscure coding, will enable the participants to showcase their ability of writing not-so-comprehensible source codes.Budding coders should gear up as Stegolica, another online event, will lead to exploration of an ancient technique of hiding information, steganography. A robot programming and coding event, Gladiator, along with Coldfire will test the skills of all hackers of breaking in the infallible codes.Other attractions will include Treasure Hunt and IIIT-A Roadies 5.0. Inspired from the popular TV show, it will be about the participants daring attitude and confidence. The participants will be required to showcase their skills in a wide range of physical and mental domains breaking all levels of audacity.In Treasure Hunt, participants will hunt for a hidden treasure on the IIIT-A campus with the help of a map and few nebulous clues. With all the hustle and bustle going around, the event is expected to receive a huge participation.In the first round of the fiesta of the geeks, the online quiz, IT Guru will provide a unique opportunity to adept coders to prove their mettle in the programming arena. Top scorers of this event will advance to the next round to be held on Wednesday. An online debugging event, Segmentation Fault, will also test the coding potential of sharp minds participating to debug most intricate conundrums.To add more zing to the festival, movie shows will be organised under Silver Screen which will run for five days. Many latest Hollywood and Bollywood movies will be shown under Silver Screen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "16620630", "title": "Patient's kin ransack Malda hospital", "text": "MALDA: Relatives of a pregnant patient, who died on Sunday morning allegedly due to lack of treatment, ransacked the female medical ward of the hospital and abused on-duty doctors and nurses. Hospital authorities will lodge a complaint against the agitating relatives for damaging their property.Tanjira Biwi, a 24-year-old homemaker from Kaliachak, was admitted to the hospital with fever on Saturday night. She was nine months pregnant. Her condition deteriorated on Sunday morning and she died around 10am.With the news of Tanjira's death, her relatives from Sujapur rushed to the hospital and began ransacking. The nurses' room in the ward was damaged. While breaking the glass panes, one of them was injured. Police reached the hospital around noon to control the situation.\"No doctor or nurse came to see the patient in the morning. We appealed to them repeatedly to call the doctor, who was busy at his private practice,\" alleged Rabiul Sk, brother-in-law of the victim.However, hospital super Himadri Ari brushed aside the allegations. \"The doctor had seen the patient a number of times. We have shown all the papers to the relatives of the patient. In spite of that, they are raising such allegations which are baseless.\" Hospital authority is lodging complaint against the relatives of Tanjira for ransacking the hospital and damaging the public property.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16620615", "title": "Quality Control Forum of India centre to help maintain ghats", "text": "VARANASI: The 23rd convention of Quality Control Forum of India (QCFI) Kanpur chapter was organised at School of Management Sciences (SMS), Varanasi on Sunday to discuss and promote a new centre of the forum in the city.According to QCFI vice president AK Mittal, the Varanasi centre will focus on maintenance of ghats and cleanliness around them, as well as proper functioning of hospitals and schools. \"Stakeholders like locals, priests, boatmen and vendors who are dependent on the river will be trained in ways to keep the area clean,\" Mittal said.It may be noted that the forum provides training to workers from any sector to help them find solutions to problems faced at work and at home in general. It aims to improve and uplift the quality of work by providing opportunities for self development. According to Mittal, workers' and employees' training has been neglected in the country for a long time, and there aren't many organisations that provide training. \"QCFI evolved from a Japanese concept and helps grassroot workers work to their maximum capacity\", informed Mittal. The forum also provides training to farmers in agricultural challenges, employment activities in rural belts, farming methods and waste management.Initially set up in 1982 with the aim to impart training to workers in industries and factories, the forum at present has around 400 trainers across the country providing training to over 1000 government and private establishments. Around 45 organisations have already registered themselves with the Varanasi centre. Around 300 delegates from different sectors like health, education, rural development, manufacturing and services participated in the convention.Dr Indu Singh, Dr RC Agrawal, national president, QCFI, Atul Agrawal, director QCFI and several others were present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "16619991", "title": "All Jharkhand ministers, officials corrupt: Inder Singh Namdhari", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Former Jharkhand speaker and Chatra MP Inder Singh Namdhari, lamenting the state of probity in public life here, said no minister or official can say that he does not take bribe.\"The situation in Jharkhand has become pitiable,\" Namdhari said. \"Education in a mess because of corruption. Ministers and officials in the education department are involved in money making. They make money through bribes from teachers. In return, they help teachers get their preferred transfers.\"Addressing a seminar organized by the Rashtriya Adhyapak Puraskar Prapt Shikshak Sangh, Namdhari said, \"It's awful to see teachers pleading with education department officials to get their work done. Most of this relates to clearance of their dues after retirement. It hurts to see such respectable men running pillar to post.\"The former speaker urged teachers to take up the profession for love. \"Don't become teachers simply to avail a government job. Join this field if you are dedicated enough to build an educated society and inspire students to become responsible citizens. This profession has lost its credibility. Teachers must prove their worth to earn respect,\" he said. Out of 38 teachers of the association in the state 14 participated in the seminar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16624821", "title": "Fish getting smaller as oceans become warmer: Study", "text": "LONDON: A new study has warned that changes in ocean and climate systems could lead to smaller fish.The study led by fisheries scientists at the University of British Columbia provides the first-ever global projection of the potential reduction in the maximum size of fish in a warmer and less-oxygenated ocean.The researchers used computer modeling to study more than 600 species of fish from oceans around the world and found that the maximum body weight they can reach could decline by 14-20 per cent between years 2000 and 2050, with the tropics being one of the most impacted regions.\"We were surprised to see such a large decrease in fish size,\" said the study's lead author William Cheung, an assistant professor at the UBC Fisheries Centre.\"Marine fish are generally known to respond to climate change through changing distribution and seasonality. But the unexpectedly big effect that climate change could have on body size suggests that we may be missing a big piece of the puzzle of understanding climate change effects in the ocean,\" he noted.This is the first global-scale application of the idea that fish growth is limited by oxygen supply, which was pioneered more than 30 years ago by Daniel Pauly, principal investigator with UBC's 'Sea Around Us Project' and the study's co-author.\"It's a constant challenge for fish to get enough oxygen from water to grow, and the situation gets worse as fish get bigger,\" explained Pauly.\"A warmer and less-oxygenated ocean, as predicted under climate change, would make it more difficult for bigger fish to get enough oxygen, which means they will stop growing sooner,\" he said.This study highlights the need to curb greenhouse gas emissions and develop strategies to monitor and adapt to changes that we are already seeing, or we risk disruption of fisheries, food security and the way ocean ecosystems work.The study has been published in the journal Nature Climate Change.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16619600", "title": "Congress weeklies to update leaders on policy, politics", "text": "NEW DELHI: Attempts are underway to better update Congress leaders on policy and politics in the backdrop of evidence that future debates would be dominated by new-age issues like nuclear deal, spectrum and FDI.A newsletter, prepared by thinktank Rajiv Gandhi Institute of Contemporary Studies (RGICS), would seek to inform partymen every week on global policy issues with brief capsules. Called \"Policy Watch\", it would be based on news culled from national and international websites. Another weekly, \"Politics Watch\", would look to provide update on political developments.The two newsletters would be circulated to office-bearers of Congress, its frontal organizations like NSUI and Youth Congress and MPs.It is seen as a bid to ensure that leaders are better acquainted with current affairs so that they are not caught off guard at critical moments. \"It is an attempt to intellectualize the discourse,\" an insider said.While the claim may be a tall order in politics where leaders are either self-taught or indifferent to needless information, Congress circles showed concern at information gap among members when faced with testing queries on coalgate and promotion quota.Congress had to hastily arrange special briefings at RGICS when Opposition onslaught found Congressmen wanting on these critical issues. Senior ministers like P Chidambaram spoke to MPs while the institute distributed background papers with details, analyses and comments.The detail-deficit among Congressmen about SC/ST promotion quota, which has serious political implications, was magnified by round-the-clock media coverage where only some in-house experts could speak with authority.The row over allocation of coal mines found the Congress camp wanting too, and only some ministers and couple of spokespersons came forward to defend the government and the PM, while the Opposition sounded more convincing with a mix of facts and allegations.A Congress leader said, \"Not just us. All parties realize that information gap is huge, especially with the kind of issues that are supplanting conventional subjects. Who would have thought climate change, FDI , nuclear deal, 2G would put governments in trouble or jam Parliament.\"The newsletter, scanning sites that escape daily reading, could fill in with important information. Like, the first edition of Policy Watch quoted an OXFAM report to say \"13.12% of all illegal mining takes place in Gujarat\". It added that 5,146 of identified 41,283 illegal mines in the country are in Gujarat, a factoid that can help the ruling party against its bete noire Narendra Modi.RGICS appears to be emerging as Congress's think tank. The institute stayed away from politics in the past, but is now gradually getting involved in policy issues. It is preparing background papers, giving briefings and even holding out perspective on contentious subjects.In its background paper on promotion quota, it told MPs that judicial interventions were weakening the reservation for dalits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16619266", "title": "Microwaves hit utensil barter business", "text": "NEW DELHI: The women are a bit like steel themselves \u2014 hardy, all-weather, strong. A fully-loaded tokdi (in which they carry their wares) can weigh anywhere between 30 and 60kg and women generally carry the heavy glassware and steel, leaving the plastics to men.Stainless-steel, created in 1912, has completed a century but has now become a difficult sell for women \u2014 most of them Gujarati\u2014 whose families have bartered stainless-steel items for old clothes, door-to-door, for generations. The number of takers for their bartan is dwindling as is the other side of their business. The turnout at the Sunday market under the flyover running past Indira Gandhi Stadium, where 500 of them sell their second-hand goods, is also discouraging.Changing conditions within the city has made women more successful sellers. \"Most colonies have gates now and guards. They may let us in but never men,\" says Lakshmiben - the Gurajatis dominate this trade. Moreover, she explains, its women buyers who want the glass or steel plates and will never allow men into their homes. They may have a few loyal customers each \u2014 \"I call before visiting,\" says Lilaben \u2014 but the number of takers is diminishing.Stainless steel, after decades of dedicated service in Indian kitchens, started becoming alienated about a decade-and-a-half ago. It was incompatible with a new entrant - the microwave. \"We started keeping glassware more than 10 years ago,\" says Lakshmiben. Steel has also become expensive. \"Over the last seven-eight months, price of every piece has increased by Rs. 20\u201430,\" says Rekhaben. But steel will never be struck off their list. \"Everyone still needs a steel patila (saucepan) to boil milk,\" she reminds. They manage to sell boxes, quarter-plates, even the odd, stainless-steel dinner-set. For the last, they may 'charge' 50 pieces of clothing. Five typically fetches a two-kilo steel pan. \"Rate is fixed according to the kind of clothes and quality.\"There isn't much they wouldn't take in exchange though clothes are most common. The Sunday market offers mostly clothes \u2014 discarded uniforms of security guards, the khaki uniform of policemen, shoes. It also has bags, curtains and toys. \"When there's a proper bazaar with enough buyers,\" says Ashaben, \"You can even find coolers, tape-recorders, television sets, geysers, tables and chairs.\" The market as it currently stands gets few buyers. The women, organized with the help of Self Employed Women's Association (SEWA) reclaimed this plot under the flyover, down the road from the Delhi Secretariat, in 2010. They had been using that stretch since 2005 but had been moved before the Commonwealth Games to make way for the flyover. They buy all their wares from Raghubir Nagar where most of the community lives.The steel, they say, comes from factories in Ashok Vihar and Wazirpur; the glass from Gaffar Market, Karol Bagh. They fan out and cover nearly all areas of Delhi. Lilaben who goes to South Delhi has maximum customers in CR Park. \"They need metal utensils to cook their fish in,\" she says. Lakshmiben covers large parts of West Delhi, sells more glass than steel and collects western-wear and salwar-kameez.Clothes collected during the week are put through a three-step process back home \u2014 silai (stitching/mending), dhulai (wash) and press \u2014 on Fridays and Saturdays. Evenings are for chhatai (separating). The better parts are put through the treatment and called \"second-ha nd.\" The rest is kandan \u2014 the worst bits sold at the local mandi, often at Re 1 per piece. The community as a whole has never worn anything new.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16619249", "title": "Govt to converge schemes to rehabilitate sex workers", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government plans to converge all the existing schemes for women, children and the marginalized to integrate sex workers into mainstream society and rehabilitate their children. Surveys show there are about 37,000 sex workers in the capital. Of these, some 4,000 are crammed into hellholes at Swami Shradhanand Marg, commonly referred to as G B Road.The initiative come after the Supreme Court asked for a model project to rehabilitate sex workers in Delhi. The court has also directed the government to put in place a scheme for protection and development of the children of sex workers as well as their rehabilitation. Chief secretary P K Tripathi, who was present during the hearing in SC, asserted that efforts were under way to converge the various schemes.The government plans to use an MCD school building on Swami Shradhanand Marg, currently in disuse, for setting up a round-the-clock creche for children of sex workers.At present, there is no such government facility on this stretch, forcing sex workers to lock up their children on terrace at night. A small creche though is being run near the dilapidated building by an NGO.Ravikant, president of NGO Shakti Vahini, which has been working closely with sex workers, says the SC directives are a step in the right direction and the government's initiative is a welcome move. Tripathi said the government has to apprise the court by November first week of how benefits of the schemes for the vulnerable will reach sex workers.\"We have schemes for women in distress, children in need of care, pension and medical help for patients of HIV/AIDs, etc. Under this model, we will reach out to sex workers. They first need to be informed about such schemes,\" Tripathi said.In a survey by Delhi Commission for Women, 60.7% sex workers said they had children. Of these, 54.7% could not keep their children with them. Children of most respondents were staying with their grandparents; 10.51% said their children were either in boarding schools or orphanages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16618512", "title": "Mayor Sole removes board, but taint remains", "text": "NAGPUR: The signboard at PR office of mayor Anil Sole at the public library opposite Dharampeth college was gone on Sunday. Sources said it was removed on Saturday night itself after TOI began making enquiries about it. Municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane has also assured to verify the issue.Sole he was not aware of any such board and had assured to remove it. TOI had reported on Sunday how funds sanctioned for renovation of Late Nanaji Shastri Vachnalaya in Khare Town, North Ambazari road, where used for making a PR office for Sole. Sole is one of the corporators from Shankar Nagar-Deekshabhoomi Ward No 52 where the library is. Sources told TOI that former corporator Baba Maind, whose wife Vishakha is the other corporator from the ward, got the board removed.Sources added Maind wanted to open his own office as corporator at the premises last year and got Rs 2.5 lakh sanctioned from Mayor's Fund. \"The plan could not materialize as Maind fielded his wife. Some works were still to be completed and required more funds. Maind approached Sole. Accordingly, Sole sanctioned Rs 50,000 again in the name of renovation of library. Sole now meets citizens in the premises of a temple in Shankar Nagar every Wednesday. He wanted a permanent place for this every day. Sole will now use the office but without putting up a board,\" sources said. Sole has already spoken of NMC ward offices to bridge gap between the administration and citizens.While that may be fine, what is inexcusable is getting funds sanctioned for public library and using them for an office for political work. Especially when lakhs of rupees had been spent for renovating Mayor's office just months before. Besides, officials completed the works without preparing estimate and inviting quotations. \"I may be able to comment or take any step after going through the files. I will verify the files and then take further step,\" commissioner Wardhane said.Leader of opposition Vikas Thakre said Sole's idea of an office for convenience of citizens was good. \"Every corporator wants have a permanent place for this purpose. Sole as a mayor could open his office anywhere but he should follow the due process,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16620013", "title": "Riot of colours", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With colourful art pieces carved out by professionals as well as amateur artists and a long line-up of different art forms being performed along the stretch between Rock Garden and Sukhna Lake, the two-day street festival organized by Chandigarh Industrial and Tourism Development Corporation ( CITCO) had something for everyone. The art extravaganza, which concluded on Sunday, brought a unique experience to visitors with a wholesome blend of art forms and delicious cuisine for people from all walks of life comprising of college students, children, young and old residents. Residents of Sector 34, Ajay Bhardwaj enjoyed the saxophone performance while his daughter Ankita loved the violin. \"It was one of the best weekends that I spend with my family - there was something for everyone.\" Ankita said, \"It was amazing to see the young and the old mingling in the crowd with merriment. As for me I loved the violin performance.\" Ankita's brother on the other hand enjoyed the African congo music. Ajay's wife Sushma said, \"Thanks to the diversity of art forms - theatre, dance performances to singing, workshops to storytelling, the Street Festival was a huge success. As for me I loved listening to the piano performance, especially when the artist played old Bollywood songs.\" Amarjeet Singh of Sector 22 said, \"Bringing together professional artists of diverse art forms, including visual art, singing, dance, and many more, the fest was a fantastic idea. During my visit to Italy, I had seen a similar festival where various artists had performed at one platform and this festival reminded me of the same.\" Food connoisseurs also had a reason to smile. Sukhneer Kaur of Sector 32 said, \"I got a chance to relish tantalising street food of north India.'kulcha channa', 'aloo tikki', 'chaat of Chandani Chowk', 'Chinese food', 'vadaa paav', 'bhelpuri', 'masala dosa' - you name it and the fest had it all! I enjoyed all this at the backdrop of fabulous music.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "giddarbaha (muktsar)", "code": "16621078", "title": "Four cops suspended for custodial death", "text": "GIDDARBAHA (MUKTSAR): Four police personnel, including a station house officer (SHO), were suspended after a woman committed suicide in police lockup at Kotbhai police station in Giddarbaha on Sunday, two days after her husband had ended his life.The deceased, Jaspreet Kaur, was arrested by police for abetment to suicide after her husband Sarabjit Singh had committed suicide on Friday. Her parents alleged that she died due to police beating.Sarabjit Singh, a resident of village Kot Ablu in Giddarbaha, had committed suicide after coming to know about Jaspreet Kaur's alleged relationship with one Gurlal Singh alias Gahli. Jaspreet and Gurlal were booked on the complaint of Sarabjit's father Gopi Singh.Police said Jaspreet was found lying unconscious on the floor and was taken to the civil hospital in Muktsar, where she later died. SSP Indermohan Singh ordered an inquiry immediately after coming to know about the incident.After preliminary probe, the SSP ordered suspension of SHO Kuldeep Singh, inquiry officer in the abetment to suicide case ASI Daljeet Singh and two munshis Tarsem Singh and Amarjeet Singh for negligence in duty. \"It is now being investigated whether women police personnel were present when the arrest was made,\" said the SSP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16620503", "title": "Special train to clear rush", "text": "BANGALORE: To clear the extra rush, a special train will be allotted for one month. Train No. 06316 Kochuveli-Bangalore City three days-a-week Express Special will leave Kochuveli at 4.30pm on Sundays, Mondays and Fridays. It will arrive at Bangalore City at 10am the next day. Train No.06315 Bangalore City -Kochuveli three-days-a-week Express Special will leave Bangalore City on Mondays, Tuesdays and Saturdays at 05.15pm and reach Kochuveli at 10.15am the next day.While the first service from Kochuveli will commence from Monday and go on till October 29, the first service from Bangalore City will be on October 2 till October 30.The train will run from Kochuveli via Kollam, Alapuzha, Ernakulam Jn, Thrisur, Palakkad, Coimbatore, Erode, Salem, Bangarpet, Krishnarajapuram, and Bangalore Cantonment to reach Bangalore City.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16619775", "title": "One killed, 27 injured as bus rams into mini truck", "text": "HUBLI: A 22-year-old man was killed and about 27 persons injured in a head-on collision between a government bus and a canter truck near Kusanur village of Ranebennur taluk in Haveri district on Sunday afternoon.Police said the deceased is Lingaraj Bevinmarad, the driver of the canter who hailed from Aremallapur. About 27 people including 25 bus passengers escaped with minor injures. They were admitted to Ranebennur government hospital.The bus driver lost control and hit the canter near Kusanur village. He is absconding. A case has been registered with Halageri police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16618912", "title": "Top cop blames left-wing ultras for Telangana violence", "text": "HYDERABAD: Hyderabad police commissioner Anurag Sharma has claimed it was the hand of left-wing extremists which was behind Sunday's violence on Necklace Road. He said that a Special Investigation Team (SIT) will investigate all violence-related incidents and criminal cases will be booked against those found to have taken law into their hands.Briefing the media at his office in Basheerbagh on Sunday night, the commissioner said the police had specific inputs confirming the role of left-wing extremists in the violence. \"Fifteen police personnel, including IPS officer Rajasekhar, SP Intelligence, were injured and 25 police vehicles were damaged in the violence. The kind of violence which took place on Necklace Road clearly suggests extremists' role and we have specific information about this,\" Sharma said.The commissioner blamed TJAC saying they had violated their agreement by letting people indulge in violence and by staying on at Necklace Road for longer than had been permitted.With the protest continuing past 10pm, Sharma said they would wait for some more time before taking appropriate action. \"By 9.50pm, there were only about 3,000 people; we are expecting that their numbers will come down as the night progresses, then we will shift them,\" the commissioner said.He said that adequate security would be provided for CoP-11 delegates as the global meet kicks off on Monday. Sharma defended his decision to block all roads leading to Necklace Road, except Minister Road, saying it had been taken to safeguard private and public property. \"Despite our best efforts, protesters targeted Ohris Restaurant, Eat Street and Jalvihar,\" Sharma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16619770", "title": "Karnataka Institute of Medical Science junior doctors stage protest", "text": "HUBLI: Condemning the attack on duty doctors by relatives of a deceased patient, junior doctors of the Karnataka Institute of Medical Science (KIMS) staged a protest here on Sunday.According to KIMS hospital sources, relatives of Sunil Dayagodi, 35, who died on Saturday night following a surgery on his right leg, gathered at the hospital premises and allegedly attacked duty doctors, accusing them of negligence. Sunil was under observation following the surgery.The protesting doctors assembled at KIMS campus and demanded action against the culprits.The doctors urged the management to provide security for junior doctors in hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16619556", "title": "Pawar moves on, takes on Congress", "text": "A day after his resignation as the state's deputy chief minister was accepted, NCP leader Ajit Pawar launched an all-out offensive against the Congress.At a rally in Akole near Ahmednagar on Sunday, his first public meeting since his resignation, Pawar said (irrigation scam) accusations against him were aimed at diverting public attention from the Coalgate scam. \"There is an attempt to blacken us with coal.\"He said he was the target of a deliberate misinformation campaign and the \"dirty\" allegations against him were without basis and made by raking up old issues. Without naming the Congress, he said there was a conspiracy to malign him and other NCP ministers, who were being selectively targeted. \"While our stand has been to work in unison, we (the NCP) won't tolerate if baseless allegations are levelled against us.\"A source said Pawar was pointing a finger towards chief minister Prithviraj Chavan. The CM, who spent the day reviewing government work, did not react to Pawar's tirade. On Saturday, Chavan had said the chapter involving Pawar's resignation was closed for the Congress. The party \"and the NCP will walk shoulder to shoulder for the state's progress\", he said.But Congress state president Manikrao Thakre, reacting to Pawar's remarks, said, \"While the Congress will not do anything to harm the interests of the alliance, it won't tolerate baseless charges levelled against it.\"Congress sources said that by linking his resignation to an issue (Coalgate) involving the Centre, Pawar was also targeting his uncle Sharad Pawar .Ironically, Ajit Pawar\u2014who tendered his resignation on September 25 after a series of reports in TOI highlighted his involvement in the multi-crore irrigation scam in the state\u2014made his Sunday appearance at the inauguration of a canal system for the Nilavande dam project. A high voltage political drama followed Pawar's resignation, which was accepted by Chavan on September 29.Making his anti-Congress agenda known, Pawar said he would travel across the state to \"place facts\" regarding the irrigation issue before people. He blamed project delays on rehabilitation work (the Congress heads the relief and rehabilitation department) and cost escalation on increases in land acquisition prices.\"Let the government bring out a white paper at the earliest. It will prove that the charges against me are baseless,\" he told NCP ministers present at the function. NCP leader lashes out at whistleblowerAt his public appearance in Akole near Ahmednagar town on Sunday, Ajit Pawar hit out at irrigation scam whistleblower Vijay Pandhare. Without naming the water resources department chief engineer, Pawar lashed out at his assertion that most lift-irrigation schemes in the state were full of irregularities. \"The schemes are on the right track,\" Pawar said. Pandhare had written to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and governor K Sankaranarayanan alleging widespread corruption in the irrigation department. NCP sources said Pawar was upset with Chavan for not discussing the contents of Pandhare's letter with either him or water resources minister Sunil Tatkare.With agency inputs", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "16621515", "title": "3 killed, 6 injured in Grand Trunk Road mishap", "text": "DHANBAD: Three persons were and six injured when a truck carrying cattle hit an auto near Nirsa on National Highway- 2( Grand Trunk Road) on Sunday morning, prompting local people to block the busy road.Traffic was held up for several hours as the local residents of Nirsa bordering West Bengal blocked movement of the vehicles. The three, including a woman, were killed on the spot. Six have been admitted to Pataliputra Medical College Hospital.Local residents did not allow movement of vehicles on NH-2 resulting in disruption of traffic between Jharkhand and West Bengal. It could be resumed after several hours following intervention of the senior district civil and police officers who rushed from Dhanbad to the spot. The truck driver had escaped from the scene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16618980", "title": "State govt plans to revive defunct auto, taxi stands", "text": "MUMBAI: Realizing that most refusals come from autos and taxis that are not parked at stands, the transport department is now keen on reviving Mumbai's stands.According to records, there are 1,200 taxi stands and 700 auto stands, however, several of these have been rendered defunct due to road-widening or infrastructure projects. Some of them have gradually vanished over the years. After requests from unions and residents of housing colonies, transport officials are planning to revive these stands and create new ones to ensure that autos and taxis are available out-of-turn to passengers.A senior official said, \"There is an urgent need to create stands outside some housing colonies.\"The plan has been welcomed by residents. \"It is painful to wait for an auto during peak hours and refusals are rampant,\" said a resident of Raheja Estate in Borivli(E).The need for new stands was highlighted by former union secretary P M A Hakim in his 155-page report, which was made public in the last week of August. The panel was appointed by the state to devise a formula for fare hikes of autos and taxis.Hakim has said: \"All unions representing taxi operators have pointed out the acute shortage of stands and parking places for taxis. There is a need for concerted action with active involvement of motor vehicles department, traffic cops and municipal authorities.\"In case of autos, Hakim said: \"Auto unions have said the actual number of available stands is 20% of the requirement (on paper).\"Sources said the government will accept the recommendations and expedite the process to revive old stands and set up new ones.Taxi union leader A L Quadros said he had petitioned the government on at least two occasions to revive stands. \"I have also made this request before the CM,\" he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16619184", "title": "Rs 1,287cr from liquor sales in 6 months", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government's revenue collection on liquor sale has registered an impressive 19% growth in the first six months of the current fiscal as compared to the corresponding period in 2011-12.The government has collected Rs 1,287 crore as excise tax between April 1 and September 27 against its collection of Rs 1,102 crore in the same period in 2010-11.Chief minister Sheila Dikshit , who also holds the finance portfolio, in her budget speech had set a target of collecting Rs 3,000 crore from liquor sale in 2012-13. Revenue department officials said that they are confident of meeting Jthe target.The government had collected Rs 2,300 crore from excise tax in 2011-12, which was an increase of Rs 373 crore from the previous year's collection of Rs 2,027 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16620262", "title": "Indane distributors seek alternative arrangements", "text": "KOCHI: It is going to be tough time ahead for LPG customers as nearly seven lakh customers with 42 Indane distributors have been hit by the shortage of LPG supply in the last couple of days.Though the distributors' forum has put forward a set of recommendations before the company officials, no concrete steps have been taken to mitigate the problem on a war- footing.Indane Distributors Forum spokesperson A P Venugopal said they had asked the company to find an immediate solution to the crisis.\"We have asked the oil company to go for a stop- gap arrangement with the other LPG companies for filling LPG cylinders. There is a backlog of 4,000 cylinders per day. The company should make arrangements to bring in 15 to 20 loads of LPG cylinders from their bottling plants in Tamil Nadu and Karnataka to tide over the crisis,\" Venugopal said.He added that the company was yet to take a final call on the recommendations.The forum had not taken any decision to stop delivery of the LPG cylinders at the residences of the customers.\"We have expressed our concern to the oil companies about the increase in our working capital. We will resort to extreme agitation programmes only after several rounds of discussions. We will not take any action that will affect the people,\" he said.As per official sources, only 10 to 15 loads of LPG cylinders are being dispatched per day to various districts in Kerala from the bottling plant while the normal requirement was nearly 160 loads.They added that cylinder supply to six districts-- Ernakulam, Palakkad, Thrissur, Alappuzha, Kottayam and Idukki have been affected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16620798", "title": "China hikes allowance for war veterans to boost morale of soldiers", "text": "BEIJING: China has raised the annual allowance for disabled soldiers, most of whom were injured during wars with India, Vietnam and South Korea, by 15% as it celebrates the 63anniversary of its founding as a republic.This is among the other morale boosting measures taken at a time of serious altercations with Vietnam, Philippines and Japan. China recently sent troops to Sansha islands in South China Sea, which Vietnam claims as its own.Chinese ships are patrolling the waters around the Japan-controlled island of Diaoyu because Beijing says it is part of Chinese territory.A China-based NGO has launched a massive project to bring back remains of soldiers who died in the war of resistance against Japanese aggression (1937-45 ).The NGO, Shenzhen Longyue Charity Foundation, has already begun identifying tombs of Chinese soldiers in Myanmar and collecting DNA evidence.China fought wars with South Korea in 1953, India in 1962 and Vietnam for 16 years until 1975. By all accounts, soldiers disabled during these wars would be more than 67 years old. Besides, some soldiers may have suffered disabilities for other reasons like training accidents . Beijing did not disclose the number of disabled soldiers who will benefit from the move. It also said the increase will be of 5,000 yuan at the highest level, and the total expenditure would be 880 million yuan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "kishanganj", "code": "16620096", "title": "Bihar's progress depends on special category status: CM", "text": "KISHANGANJ: Chief minister Nitish Kumar emphatically said here on Sunday the the youth of Bihar could look forward to a better future only if the demand for the special category status to the state is conceded by the Centre.Addressing his party cadres at 'Adhikar Sammelan' at Khagra stadium, the CM said \"We are surely making giant strides in the development trajectory despite our limited resources. However, the state will need another 25 years to keep pace with the national parameters without Centre's concession, \"he said.Continuing his tirade against the Congress-led UPA government, the CM pointedly mentioned as to how the central government had made a short shrift of the claims made by the political representatives headed by JD (U)'s national president Sharad Yadav. If all this was not enough, PM Manmohan Singh too was thoroughly unjust in rejecting the memorandum signed by 1.5 crore people of the state on flimsy 'technical' grounds, the CM ranted, saying he would not rest till the demand is accepted by the Centre.The CM also criticized the UPA government for its apathy towards the establishment of AMU's extended unit in Kishanganj for which the state government allocated the requisite plot many months ago. This, he said, was yet another example of the Centre's calculated negligence.Firing a salvo at his opponents, the CM said they all had run of out steam as the demand for special category status had brought all the Biharis on the same boat. \"But, their ham-handed tactics are not going to deter me,\" he said.The CM said Bihar, though severely hit by resource crunch, has emerged as a role model for the equally backward states in Pakistan. He added he was overwhelmed when a Pakistani delegation of MPs chose to visit Bihar of all the places across the country and expressed their desire to emulate the state's development model.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16620558", "title": "Bandh against anti-Islam film", "text": "VARANASI: In response to the call for Murri-Bandh given by two organisations to protest against the controversial anti-Islam film made by a US filmmaker, members of the Muslim community kept their weaving workshops closed on Sunday and held a meeting at National Inter College in Pilikothi area.Bunkar Biradrana Tanzeem Baisee and Bunkar Panchayat Chodaho had earlier called for Murri-Bandh to protest against the 'blasphemous' film. Responding to the call, weavers kept their powerloom and handloom units closed. Leaders from both the organisations and the Mufti-e-Banaras Maulana Abdul Batin Nomani addressed the gathering at national Inter College compound in Pilikothi.The speakers strongly condemned the movie 'Innocence of Muslims' and asked the Prime Minister to mount pressure on the US government to ban it and ensure punishment for its makers. The speakers also demanded that the government make a strict law to ensure that no one makes bids to insult leaders of any religion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16619591", "title": "Chronic diseases haunt Indians over 50", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16619454", "title": "Monorail crane mows down youth", "text": "MUMBAI: A 28-year-old man died after a crane engaged in monorail work knocked him down on Sheikh Mistry Road in Wadala (E) around 1.30am on Saturday. The crane was being driven on the road outside the portion barricaded for monorail work, said the police. The incident occurred when the driver of the crane was reversing it.The deceased, Vinayak Atmaram Gharat (28), was returning home after Ganpati immersion and is suspected to have been drunk at the time of the incident. Gharat used to reside in slums at Sangam Nagar, Antop Hill. The driver of the crane, Pappukumar Gorakh Prasad (28), was arrested by the Wadala police.The Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA), which is building the monorail with L&amp;T-Scomi; consortium, said the \"escort mobile crane\" involved in the mishap belonged to M/s J. Kumar Infraprojects Ltd , a sub-contractor involved in monorail construction along the same road.Asked if there would be any compensation for the victim's family, MMRDA spokesperson Dilip Kawathkar said it was not a case for compensation as the mishap occurred on the road outside the barricaded area. \"When the mishap took place, the crane was not engaged in any kind of construction work for monorail,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16618563", "title": "Cops resort to preventive arrests; South Central Railway stops trains", "text": "HYDERABAD: Telangana supporters advancing through various roads in Hyderabad, shouting slogans on their way to joining the much-awaited march on Necklace Road, would be missing some of their leaders belonging to various political parties, Telangana Joint Action Committee (TJAC) activists and other pro-Telangana zealots who were taken into preventive custody in the Telangana districts early in the morning to ensure they did not make that trip to Hyderabad.Fearing widespread violence, South Central Railway cancelled as many as 12 express trains and 25 passenger trains, including local trains, while APSRTC curtailed its bus services to Hyderabad from the districts. Tension prevailed in Warangal, Nalgonda and Medak districts after police picked up T-activists early in the morning. However, there were a lucky few who managed to sneak into the state capital in private vehicles.Over 200 agitators were arrested from their residences in Nalgonda district. Among those placed in custody were TRS district president Banda Narendra Reddy and the party's mahila wing leader Saranya Reddy. Police justified the arrests of the above saying that some bind-over cases were pending against the duo. While 17 agitators were picked up in Nakrekal, 15 each were arrested in Haliya and Valigonda.In Nalgonda town, police arrested 200 teachers and shifted them to the Town II police station. Telangana activists staged sit-ins at Jangaon, Alair, Raigiri, Bhongir, Nalgonda, Mahbubnagar, Nizamabad against the police action.In Medak, former MLC Satyanarayana and former MLA Ramalinga Reddy were arrested along with their followers with police intercepting the party while it was on its way to the march. Several TRS, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and Communist Party of India (CPI) leaders and activists were stopped at district border and shifted to the Ramachandrapuram police station.TRS MLA Harish Rao came in a huge convoy of vehicles from his Siddipet constituency to meet DGP Dinesh Reddy and register his protest against the preventive arrests.Senior TRS MLA Pocharam Srinivas Reddy told TOI that several of his followers and party activists from Nizamabad district had been prevented from crossing the district border.In Warangal district, police arrested 450 agitators from Satavahana Express at Mahbubabad. Angry passengers staged a dharna in front of the station master's office for the train having been held up.Police deployed videographers at various points at district borders to record visuals of those entering the city. The DGP said that they had taken elaborate steps as there was a fear that anti-social elements could sneak into Hyderabad to create trouble in the guise of protesters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16618833", "title": "\u2018Kripa not grilled despite FIR\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Activist Sanjay Tiwari has complained to the state police chief that former Congress city chief Kripashankar Singh has still not been interrogated despite an FIR filed against him. Tiwari's PIL seeking a probe into the disproportionate assets of Singh was converted into an FIR by the Bombay high court early this year.He said custodial interrogation is necessary to find out about the politician's assets. The high court had directed the police to treat Tiwari's petition as an FIR. The PIL questioned the wealth illegally amassed by Singh, his wife Malti Devi, son Narendra Mohan and daughter Sunita, son-in-law and daughter-in-law. Their wealth allegedly exceeded Rs 350 crore. The court, after going through sealed copies of ACB reports, had even directed then police chief Arup Patnaik to personally head the special investigation team after going through reports submitted by the Anti-Corruption Bureau against Singh. The police registered an FIR on February 28 under IPC and Prevention of Corruption Act and the Supreme Court has given the SIT time till October-end to complete the probe under supervision of new police chief Satyapal Singh. The SIT has so far submitted two sealed reports to the SC on the probe. Tiwari's counsel Ram Jethmalani had argued that the probe has been going on for the last two years, yet its progress remains unknown as reports have been confidential.Last week, Tiwari wrote to the new police chief saying, \"Neither Singh nor his relatives have been called for questioning.\" No member of the Singh family has been arrested, nor has Kripashankar or his family sought anticipatory bail, Tiwari said, adding \"two FIRs are already lodged and in the ordinary course any person in his place would have been arrested.\" He said new facts had emerged since the FIR was lodged and said there was a likelihood that some family members may leave the country and it was important to impound their passports. Kripashankar's counsel Mukul Rohtagi said he was abroad and unable to talk. Kripashankar said since his \"SLP was pending before the SC, it will not be proper for me to make any comment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16619159", "title": "Man moves court against \u2018Son of Sardar\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man has moved a court against Bollywood actor-producer Ajay Devgn for allegedly maligning and defaming Sikhs in his coming film 'Son of Sardar'.The complainant, Ravinder Singh \u2014 reportedly a member of sikh organisation Sikhi Sidak \u2014 seeks action against Devgn and the film's director Ashwini Dhir for hurting the religious sentiments of sikh community and defaming it.Singh told the court that the movie trailers of the movie show the main character of a turbaned sikh, played by Devgn, to have a tattoo of Lord Shiva on his chest.\"Since Sikhs are forbidden by their gurus from worshipping idols and deities, the projection of a sikh being worshipper of Lord Shiva has deeply hurt the religious feelings of the complainant and the sikh community,\" his counsel argued. Singh added, \"...in the official trailer, sikhs have been maligned and defamed by the dialogues spoken by Devgn.In his plea, Singh has requested that Devgn and Dhir be tried for offences of \"outraging the religious sentiments of Sikh community and defaming it\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16618561", "title": "Infosys products play begins to win admirers", "text": "BANGALORE: After the barrage of criticism over the last year-and-a-half, the tide seems to be turning for Infosys at least in the minds of some analysts.Barclays Equity Research in its latest report on Infosys has welcomed the company's aggressive foray into products and platforms and says the business should position Infosys for strong returns.In the report, dated September 24, it says \"Infosys's investments into a non-linear business model, its ongoing creation of an IP portfolio and its aggressive five-year revenue growth target imply that it has gone well beyond preliminary steps towards gaining meaningful scale.\"The crux of Infosys's strategy, what it calls Infosys 3.0, is to improve its operating margins by de-linking revenue growth from employee headcount. Accordingly, it is investing more money into products, R&D; and developing cloud, mobility and analytics solutions.Infosys, traditionally an IT services company, now has 20 products and platforms (PPS) and the space employs 10,000 people, \"equivalent to a small to medium-sized global product firm\", writes Bhuvnesh Singh of Barclays Equity Research. Currently, products and platforms contribute 6% to Infosys's revenues, and Infosys has said it wants to take that to 33% in 5-7 years. \"Infosys's target pegs the growth rate (for PPS) at 39-58% annually (under different scenarios for total revenue growth), implying that the PPS strategy (non-linear approach) could be the single most important growth driver for the company over the longer term. This would also set a low threshold for growth for the conventional IT services offering, allowing the company more flexibility to maintain and improve its margin profile,\" says the report.Infosys believes it has become imperative for IT companies to look at a larger product play as traditional IT services are getting commoditized. The IT industry's growth has slowed from 30% in the mid-2000s to 12%-14% now.Infosys already has the hugely successful banking product Finacle. It has tasted initial success with products like Airtel Money. The telco, Bharti Airtel , uses Infosys's Wallet Edge, a platform to enable subscribers to conduct commercial transactions through their mobile phones. Flypp is an application that engages consumer brands and consumers across digital channels.Barclays says the extent of the initial success in Infosys's non-linear strategy can be gauged by the number of patents filed. The company, it says, has a head start over other Indian IT services firms in the number of patents filed in the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO). Infosys has filed 179 patents since 2008, with Accenture India being the only one ahead of it, with 345 patent applications. The patents related to business process improvement (44 patents), followed by software performance and architecture (28 patents) and data communication.Sanjay Dhawan, technology leader at PricewaterhouseCoopers , says going forward it would be tough for the industry to win clients and grow in scale by following a per-hour fee structure or similar traditional models. \"Tech providers are increasingly looking at non-linear, and a more holistic model that is better suited for transformation deals. Going non-linear will catch up as a huge trend in the industry,\" he says.Infosys, once regarded as the bellwether of the IT industry, was thumbed down in recent times by analysts for its sub-par performance compared to peers. But its recent acquisition of Zurich-based consulting firm Lodestone for $350 milion, and its aggressive showcase of its products and platforms business look to be changing the mood.Barclays notes that Infosys is not alone in the move towards non-linear business, and that other Indian IT services players have also made progress. However, it says that \"in most cases the nature of the non-linear initiative, the scale reached and targeted are not as apparent as we believe it is for Infosys.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16621228", "title": "Public rally urges people to oust Bangladeshi infiltrators", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Bangladeshi Mukto Asom Sangrami Mancha (BMASM), an umbrella organization comprising over 38 local bodies of the state held a public rally at Sonaram playground here on Sunday urging people from other states residing in Assam to join the movement against illegal Bangladeshi immigrants.The umbrella organization said that the infiltration problem in the state can only be solved with the collective efforts of all the citizens of the country. \"Every Indian must support our cause. As Bangladeshi illegal migrants are spreading their tentacles far and wide across India, we need to stop them,\" said Ranoj Pegu, convener of the public rally and president of Mising Mimag Kebang, a tribal body of the state.A sizeable population of the state comprises people from West Bengal , Bihar and Rajasthan who have been settled here for a long time now.Hundreds of people who thronged the Sonaram playground urged both the Centre and the state government to seal the India-Bangladesh border immediately. Slogans like \"Ah oi ah ulai ah, khed oi khed, videshi khed\" meaning \"Come one, come all, let's drive out illegal migrants from our soil\" were echoed at the venue.\"The Assam Accord was a promise to make the region migrant-free. But only due to vote bank politics, it was prevented from being implemented. If no action is taken soon, the situation is going to worsen,\" said Kuldeep Boro, who came all the way from Kokrajhar, 250km from here, to join the rally.Participating in the function, Jonardan Dev Goswami, Satradhikar of North Kamalabari Satra, asked the people of the state to develop a work culture to stop the inflow of illegal labourers from the neighbouring country.\"The youth of the state should work in every sector in the state so that no illegal migrant can get the opportunity to sneak into our country to work as labourers,\" said the Satradhikar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16620497", "title": "Back paper form last date pushed", "text": "KANPUR: Authorities of the Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University have extended the last date for online registration of the back paper examinations. Earlier, the last date for submitting the form was September 30 but it has been extended to October 5.Decision to this effect was taken by university authorities after hundreds of students demanded extension of the last date on Saturday. Long queue of students was witnessed outside HDFC banks to purchase the back paper token in various parts of the city. Students created ruckus at the bank on the university campus. Hundreds of students had missed the opportunity to fill the back paper forms on the last day.According to the students, they could not procure token from banks for filling up the back paper forms owing to bank's quarterly accounts closing on the last day of September due to which bank officials remained busy and neglected the task of distributing tokens. In view of the demand the university administration extended the date to October 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "16621116", "title": "College bans cars on campus, exempts girls", "text": "PATIALA: A Punjab college has banned undergraduate students from entering the campus in four-wheelers saying they were being used for \"illegal activities\".The diktat, issued by Patiala government medical college principal K D Singh on September 27, has exempted post-graduation and girl students from the ban. \"We have received many complaints of illegal acts being committed with use of cars. Students need to focus on their studies,\" said Singh.The college, with 800 MBBS students and 200 students enrolled in the bachelor of dental surgery course, also has 360 post-graduation students.Officials said the ban was triggered after a spate of complaints that students were using their vehicles to smuggle liquor to hostels. There were also complaints that 'outsiders' were entering the campus and indulging in rowdy behaviour. \"Since girls do not engage in crime and post-graduation students have to work at the hospital, they have been kept out of the ban's purview,\" said Singh, adding that strict action would be taken against those who defy the ban.But not everybody agrees. \"This ban is ridiculous. Students can get liquor to the hostels without using cars,\" said an MBBS student. Another student said post-graduation students, too, bring liquor to the hostels. \"It isn't written on our faces whether we are under graduate or post-graduate students. How can the management exempt girls?\" said the student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "3632291", "title": "Why was SRK playing Raj in DDLJ", "text": "The name of Shah Rukh Khan's character Raj Malhotra in Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge was given by Aditya Chopra after the legendary Raj Kapoor.The name of Raj was synonymous to SRK in films like Chalte Chalte, Baadshah and Raju Ban Gaya Gentleman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "16620031", "title": "Builders association seeks govt role to expedite land acquisition process", "text": "JODHPUR: Crying hoarse over lack of any stimulus to the building and construction industry, the Builders Association of India (BAI) now plans to seek government intervention to address pertinent issues such as land acquisition, environmental clearances and reforming the existing labour laws.The two-day meet which concluded on Saturday particularly stressed on the need to expedite the process of land acquisition and getting clearances to prevent delaying projects. The meet witnessed participation of nearly 700 builders from 265 branches of the association across the country.\"The government should be concerned about addressing these issues at the earliest as several important projects get stuck in bureaucratic and legal procedures,\" said national president of BAI, B Seenaiah.The meet also discussed the need for a comprehensive labour policy. Seenaiah said the construction industry is governed by over 30 laws and alleged that most of these are used as tools to harass contractors instead of facilitating them.Vice President of BAI, D C Avasthi also expressed concern over cartelization of the cement industry. He said that a bag of cement which costs around Rs160-165 is now being sold at Rs 300. Unfair trade practice has led to escalation of project costs, thereby, hurting the construction industry.\"We demand a cement regulatory authority and urge government to exempt the cement import from various duties,\" he said.Currently, Rs. 900 per ton is charged on the import of cement as basic and countervailing duty plus special duty respectively.They also expressed concern over various courts' order banning the dredging of gravel from the rivers and demanded from the government to provide a substitute for gravel, which is an important component for construction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16618942", "title": "\u2018Refusals to dip only if RTO cracks the whip\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Though commuters have welcomed the move to revive auto/taxi stands, most feel refusals will continue.\"There should be regular vigilance by traffic cops, RTO or auto union activists to ensure every passenger gets an auto and there is no refusal,\" said Dheeraj Gaur, who works in a financial firm and stays near Powai's Hiranandani complex. \"We also need a taxi stand. Taxis here charge Rs 500 to ply to airport while short-distances fares are always refused,\" he said.Surabhi Deshpande, a resident of Borivli's Raheja Estate, reiterated the need for auto stands outside housing societies. \"Scores of office-goers need autos in the morning hours. We need a stand that maintains strict discipline wherein you board the first available auto with no questions asked,\" she said.Some locals said they had witnessed auto stands disappear overnight and being replaced by share-auto services.There is also a demand for taxi stands in the island city. Mahim activist Irfan Machiwala said, \"In the past, there were two taxi stands on L J Road (close to St Michael Church). They were subsequently removed. Now it is difficult to get a taxi from here even during emergencies.\"He said the stands would cater to more than 200 families from the area. A commuter from Kandivli said the government should release more permits and introduce over a lakh new autos.Auto union leader Thampy Kurien said, \"We want new stands in the suburbs so that it solves the parking problem of autos,\" he stated.Taxi union leader A L Quadros said, \"We need taxi stands near Metro stations, which will be operational in a year.\" A Mantralaya official said there were plans to set up stands near Metro and monorail stations by next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "burdwan/hooghly", "code": "16620624", "title": "Seven pilgrims killed, 40 injured in road accident", "text": "BURDWAN/HOOGHLY: Seven persons were killed and 40 others injured when a private bus, carrying pilgrims from Vaisali district in Bihar , turned turtle at Hooghly's Gopalpur under Gurap police station area of Hooghly district.in the wee hours of Sunday. Eleven persons, including six women, were admitted to Burdwan Medical College and Hospital (BMCH) in critical condition, while the rest have been released after being administered first-aid.Burdwan SP, SMH Meerza, said that the private bus carrying the pilgrims had started from Vaisali on September 25 and first went to Deoghar, followed by Tarapith in Birbhum. It was heading towards Kalighat when the accident took place.\"The bus was travelling at a high speed and at around 2.30am, the driver lost control and the vehicle over turned. The driver managed to flee. Seven died on the spot and the rescue work by the locals, highway patrol and Gurap Police officials had started at around 3am,\" he added.The injured and the deceased were brought to the BMCH by locals, highway patrol and Gurap Police officials.The deceased were identified as Lakhsmi Debi (65), Rajendra Thakur (70), Mahesh Roy (60), Fulesh Shaw (35), Mahesh Patil (70), Pratap Paswan (65) and Ram Prosad Paswan ( 45), all from Vaisali.The postmortem was done at BMCH and the bodies were handed over to the relatives later in the day. and of the dead bodies.Ankita Devi, one of the injured passengers, said, \"We suddenly felt a jerk the effect of which made us senseless.\"Another injured pilgrim Sahaj Narayan Singh said, \"We heard a loud thud and later found ourselves on the road.\"Hooghly SP Tanmay Ray Chowdhuri said, \"We have seized the bus. An investigation has been started.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16624049", "title": "Scientists decode the deafness gene", "text": "WASHINGTON: Scientists claim to have discovered a gene responsible for deafness and hearing loss, paving way for new treatments for the syndrome.Researchers at the University of Cincinnati (UC) and Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center have found a new genetic mutation responsible for deafness and hearing loss associated with Usher syndrome type 1.Usher syndrome is a genetic defect that causes deafness, night-blindness and a loss of peripheral vision through the progressive degeneration of the retina, they said.\"In this study, researchers were able to pinpoint the gene which caused deafness in Usher syndrome type 1 as well as deafness that is not associated with the syndrome through the genetic analysis of 57 humans from Pakistan and Turkey ,\" said Zubair Ahmed, assistant professor of ophthalmology and lead investigator on this study.Ahmed said that a protein, called CIB2, which binds to calcium within a cell, is associated with deafness in Usher syndrome type 1 and non-syndromic hearing loss.\"To date, mutations affecting CIB2 are the most common and prevalent genetic cause of non-syndromic hearing loss in Pakistan. However, we have also found another mutation of the protein that contributes to deafness in Turkish populations,\" he said in a statement.\"In animal models, CIB2 is found in the mechanosensory stereocilia of the inner ear-hair cells, which respond to fluid motion and allow hearing and balance, and in retinal photoreceptor cells, which convert light into electrical signals in the eye, making it possible to see,\" said Saima Riazuddin, assistant professor at UC's department of otolaryngology.Researchers found that CIB2 staining is often brighter at shorter row stereocilia tips than the neighboring stereocilia of a longer row, where it may be involved in calcium signaling that regulates mechano-electrical transduction, a process by which the ear converts mechanical energy-or energy of motion-into a form of energy that the brain can recognize as sound.\"With this knowledge, we are one step closer to understanding the mechanism of mechano-electrical transduction and possibly finding a genetic target to prevent non-syndromic deafness as well as that associated with Usher syndrome type 1,\" Ahmed said.The findings were published in the journal 'Nature Genetics'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-01"}
