{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12027288", "title": "Panel to submit report on VS's son", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Assembly committee inquiring into the allegations against V A Arun Kumar, son of opposition leader V S Achuthanandan will be submitting its final report on March 8. The committee headed by V D Sateesan decided to meet on March 2 for finalizing the report. Though the CPM members in the committee sought more time to submit the final report, the committee chairman and the UDF members did not agree to this. It is learnt that the LDF wanted to delay the submission of the report as the Piravom by-poll is on March 17.The committee is inquiring into the various charges against Arun Kumar like his appointment as the additional director of IHRD; his appointment to the Model Finishing School and the foreign trips made by him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "12031723", "title": "8,000 killed in final phase of Sri Lanka's civil war: Report", "text": "COLOMBO: Nearly 8,000 people were killed in the final phase of Sri Lanka's war against Tamil Tigers in 2009, according to government figure released today.The casualty statistics by Lanka's Census Department for the first time in a war says that 11,172 people were killed in 2009 at the height of the country's civil war, a figure in stark contrast to estimates by international rights groups. Of these 7,934 deaths were described due to \"extra- ordinary\" circumstances, while 2,523 were natural deaths.The report does not indicate the number of Tamil Tiger combatants killed during the last days of civil war.It says that between 2005 and 2009 some 22,329 people had died in the country's north.The military campaign against the LTTE began in mid 2006 and ended in May three years later. Some 4,156 people remain untraceable during the time of the military conflict.The report, however, has not separated the number of civilians from the number of LTTE fighters who were killed during the military campaign.Sri Lanka has always argued that true figures of casualties from the military conflict were much lower than the figures cited by international agencies.A UN Secretary General panel report last April alleged some 40,000 civilians had been killed.The former war theatre in the north has a population of under a million, according to the report.The census department said the total population in the northern province stood at 997,754 in July last year.It said the June/July enumeration was the first since 1981 when the province became a hotbed of violence with LTTE launching its armed campaign for separatism.Kilinochchi and Mullaithivu districts which were the epicentres of LTTE campaign together have a population of over 170,000, while the Jaffna district population stood at 567,229, the figures released have shown.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12026873", "title": "City welcomes spring with roses", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It was all fun and gaiety at Rose Garden on the first day of Rose Festival. A large number of people, from all age groups, thronged the venue to witness the beautiful display of flowers and decorations. Where many came to participate in several competitions, others chilled around with families praising the participants.The star attractions are the millions of roses themselves, but there was a host of activities, including competitions and cultural shows. The highlight of the festival was the floral hat contest, which was introduced for the first time in the festival. And it indeed was a pleasing sight as beautiful flowers could be seen everywhere, reported onlookers. The entire Rose Garden was decorated with beautiful flowers and foliage.\"The Rose Festival is an important event of the city and we make it a point to visit it every year. We love the cheerful ambience of the festival with young and old enjoying together. It was also interesting to watch the competitions, especially the ones where children participated with great enthusiasm.\" said Kulbeer Kaur, a resident of Sector 27.\"My friends told me about the festival and the flower arrangements exhibited here. I thought of giving it a visit and I'm glad I came. This festival sure is a grand way to welcome spring,\" said Ritika Azad, a resident of Sector 45, Chandigarh. The festival also attracts people from other countries. Foreigners were seen having a good time while admiring the festivity. People were also spotted clicking pictures of the decorations and flower arrangements. \"I have come here for the first time and I really loved the place and the exhibition. I would love to come back again,\" said Diksha Rajput, a resident of Shimla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12025939", "title": "WSH optimistic about future", "text": "CHENNAI: The authorities of the World Series Hockey ( WSH), scheduled to be held from February 29, put on a brave front dispelling doubts about the tournament even as Chennai Cheetahs were unveiled in a big function on Friday.The International Hockey Federation (IHF) and Indian Hockey Federation (IFH) had a meeting in New Delhi on Friday and the outcome of the meeting was positive, according to Chennai Cheetahs owner LT Nanwani.\"All the franchisee owners had a meeting with IHF yesterday and IFH president RK Shetty had another meeting with FIH president Leonardo Negre in New Delhi today and they had a fruitful discussion. The tournament is on,\" Nanwani told TOI adding \"The court order clearly said that if the tournament doesn't clash with any international event, it should be given clearance. There are some positive developments and we all hope that the tournament gets off as per the schedule.\"\"The union ministry was never opposed to the event and we do not know why it's taking so long to resolve the matter? There are some egoistic administrators, who think they are above all and fail to understand that they are killing the national sport by fighting with each other. We want to promote hockey and will take whatever necessary steps are required to be taken...\" a Chennai Cheetahs official told TOI.However, participation of the current India players in the tournament remained a big concern and two of the Indian Overseas Bank players - Adam Sinclair and Amardeep Ekka - who have signed for Chennai Cheetahs, are yet to get clearance from their employers.\"We want all the players to participate in the tournament. Most of the players have been cleared by their employers and we hope IOB will also do the same. I will personally talk to the IOB officials and try to solve the matter before the tournament starts. In case, they don't give NOC to the players they need not worry. I've advised Adam and Amardeep to leave IOB and they can join my company if they want... We've taken initiative to bring back the lost glory of our national game and we should give our best efforts to popularise the sport in the country.,\" Nanwani added.Chennai Cheetahs coach Jose Brasa said the players should not suffer and the authorities at the highest level must understand that such an event will give hockey a massive boost and help the sport grow in the country.\"The rule is pretty clear where FIH says a domestic tournament must get the clearance from the national federation but in this case that did not happen so far. But we all hope the matter will resolve before the championship. I've been associated with Indian hockey and I want the sport to develop in India. I hope the officials will take a final decision keeping the players' future in mind,\" said Brasa.Australian Olympian Brent Livermore , who will captain Chennai team, hoped the tournament would start and Chennai would finish their inaugural campaign on a high note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12025224", "title": "MCA bigwigs at war", "text": "MUMBAI: The Talim Shield semifinal played last Sunday between Payyade Sports Club, owned by Mumbai Cricket Association (MCA) joint-secretary PV Shetty and DY Patil Sports Academy, which belongs to MCA vice-president Vijay Patil has triggered off a full-scale war between top MCA officials.DY Patil scored 251-8 in 44 overs and faced one over less than the stipulated 45 as the allotted innings time was up. To begin with, DY Patil alleged that they were eligible for penalty runs as Payyade bowled one over short. Payyade Sports Club, in reply, managed 245-8 in 44 overs, before the game was stopped.The umpires, Hemant Turkul &amp; Sujeet Nakhre ruled that DYPSA had bowled one over short and awarded 15 penalty runs to Payyade Sports Club and adjudged them winners. Alleging bias, sources in the DY Patil camp lamented that this was done \"unfairly, without even consulting the scorers.\"DY Patil's main grouse was that Payyade's Omkar Khanvilkar batted with a runner for around 30 overs which caused considerable delay and that wasn't considered. DY Patil further alleged that there were extra drinks breaks taken by Payyade. There was also confusion about the legality of a boundary which the umpires discussed at length.A source in the DY Patil camp also alleged that Khanvilkar batted just two days later for BPCL in Pune in the Chandu Borde Trophy and scored 55 without a runner.DYPSA then lodged a protest with the MCA on the umpires' verdict, asking the matter to be referred to the Cricket Improvement Committee (CIC). The MCA formed a protest committee, which managing committee member Nadeem Menon feels is \"illegal\" since this committee never existed earlier. The committee ruled in favour of Payyade, and that has made Vijay Patil write a letter to MCA chief Vilasrao Deshmukh, asking for his \"urgent intervention\".\"The process adopted for resolving this issue has been completely arbitrary, unfair and biased against our team,\" says Patil in the letter, before training his guns at MCA vice-president Ratnakar Shetty and treasurer Ravi Sawant who were part of the protest committee.Sawant reacted sharply to Patil's allegations. \"Patil is being highly immature. It was a unanimous decision,\" Sawant said. Shetty didn't want to comment as \"this was MCA's internal matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12028471", "title": "\u2018CM yet to begin budget preparation\u2019", "text": "MYSORE: Opposition leader Siddaramaiah on Friday alleged that chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda who holds the finance portfolio has not yet started preparations on the budget and he is yet to begin the process of holding meetings of various departments and financial experts in the government. Though there are hardly a few days remaining for the budget, the BJP leaders are busy in their internal quarrels, he added.At a press meet, he said the BJP government is making bogus claims on the state's financial situation and has not even once in the last four years of governance, achieved budget targets. Every year, the government is falling short of Rs 12,000 crore to 15,000 crore, he pointed out.\"In 2009-10, the shortfall was Rs 13,000 crore against the budget estimations of Rs 62,000 crore. In 2010-11 it was Rs 14,000 crore against Rs 70,000 crore estimations and in 2011-12, it would be more than Rs 15,000 crore against claims of an expenditure of Rs 85,000 crore,\" he said, adding that this shortfall will not only expose the government's false claims on spendings, but it will also indicate the fact that government has failed to mobilize resources to meet the budget expenditure.Opposition leader said that the state's debt has crossed Rs 98,000 crore mark and this will not augur well with the state's financial health. Describing the present BJP government in the state as the most \"insensitive\" government ever come across by the people, Siddaramaiah said the government is thick-skinned to people's problems and sufferings of the poor. \"The government is yet to release the money since March 2009 to people enlisted under various social schemes such as Sandya Suraksha, old age pension and pension schemes.\"Not even a single new beneficiary has been enrolled,\" he said. The government's performance on the development front also is zero, he claimed. He said the government has failed to release Calamity Relief Fund (CRF) for drought-hit areas in the state. Of the 176 taluks, 123 taluks are facing dry conditions and the government is yet to start relief works in these taluks.Referring to internecine quarrels in the BJP, Siddaramaiah said Nitin Gadkari has categorically stated that there is no question of replacing Sadananda Gowda and the only option before BSY is to remove this government and face the elections. \"We are ready to face the elections,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12026139", "title": "\u2018Drug trials complied with law\u2019", "text": "BHOPAL: Even as the row over unethical drug trials in Indore has failed to die down, the Director of Medical Education (DME), S C Tiwari, has in a submission to the Madhya Pradesh Human Rights Commission (MPHRC) given a virtual clean chit to the doctors accused in the case.Appearing before the commission on Friday during a hearing, the DME has stated that it had found out that the doctors had not violated any rules and they sought consent from the patients prior to conducting the trials.Money collected from the multi-national companies (MNCs) was used for medical insurance of the patients, besides, meeting other office expenses and pathological tests. Similarly, the sponsored foreign trips were meant for carrying out research work.The DME's report further pointed out that doctors had conducted the drug trials after seeking permission from the Drug Controller General of India (DCGI) as well as the ethics committee, which also included representatives from the society.The report stated that state government is not the authority to investigate into the drug trials row and a letter in this regard has been sent to the Union health ministry and the DCGI on February 18 stating that DCGI must investigate and advise action.DME, principal secretary, IS Dani and other senior officials presented the department's part in front of the acting chairman of the MPHRC, Justice A K Saxena.The hearing was on the complaint of Swasthya Samarpan Sewa Samiti in which the allegations of conducting unethical drug trials were levelled on Dr Ashok Vajpayee, Dr Salil Bhargava, Dr Anil Bharani, Dr Pushpa Verma and Dr Apoorva Puranik.Tiwari told TOI that \"We have submitted the findings before the commission. It has been mentioned that the trials in this case were conducted as per rules. Since the state government is not equipped to act on the issue, it has been marked to the Union health ministry and DCGI for any further clarification or action,\" he added.Meanwhile, the MPHRC joint director (PR), Rohit Mehta said \"The issue of unethical drug trials was heard at National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) as well, besides the MPHRC.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12025937", "title": "Man stabbed for naming crime partner to police", "text": "NAGPUR: An auto-dealer, involved in various crimes like burglaries, chain snatching, was assaulted to death by his crime partner for turning him in during interrogation.30-year-old Ganesh Kevat was attacked by his partner, Pawan Kahate, his mother Sujatha and a cousin near Janta library in Sadar on Thursday midnight. Kevat succumbed to his four stab injuries during treatment at Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital. According to the police, Kevat and Kahate were residents of Gaddigodam. \"Both, being relatives would also share the stolen amount equally and never had a fight. Both had many offences of house breaking thefts, robberies registered under Gittikhadan, Sadar and other city police stations,\" said Sadar police.Few months ago, Kevat was nabbed by Sadar police for burglary and during interrogation Kevat revealed the name of Kahate which led to disputes between the two.On Thursday, around 9pm, an argument broke between the two, after which Kevat went to a liquor shop and Kahate walked to his residence.However, around 12am, while Kevat was walking home, Kahate and his family members attacked him with a sharp weapons. The three murderers fled the spot while Kevat's family rushed him to IGGMC hospital. He was declared dead on Friday early morning.Sadar police has arrested Kahate, while Sujatha and the third accused are still absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12028417", "title": "Looking out for the destitute", "text": "MYSORE: Unlike other business administration postgraduates, these two graduates have opened a non-government organization to help the needy. They provide food, shelter and rehabilitate mentally-challenged persons and the destitute in Mysore.Meet 28-year-olds, B Manu and Vinod Kumar, who have rehabilitated around 109 mentally-challenged destitutes since the inception of their NGO two years ago. They aim to rehabilitate the destitute and reunite them with their family members.They earn by organizing rehabilitation camps for individuals, who are addicted to alcohol and drugs and use the income to help poor orphans, who are suffering from diseases. So far, this NGO has rehabilitated more than 300 people, including destitute, drug and alcohol addicts.Speaking to TOI Manu said, \"I had been to Himalayas three years ago and I found many people who had left their families and were suffering from psychiatric problems. This inspired me to help mentally-challenged orphans. We don't collect any donations from people but we accept even old clothes, food grains and other necessary things.\"Presently, doctors, psychiatrists, and nurses in this center are treating 11 mentally-challenged orphans for free of cost.Manu and Vinod, who run the NGO-Wee Care Hospital-have formed a rescue team. Whenever the NGO gets a call from the public regarding mentally-challenged people suffering from diseases from any place of Mysore district, they visit the area and bring them to the NGO on T Narasipura road for treatment.Two destitutes who were rehabilitated here are now working as security guards at their place. They are getting good salary too.Manu was residing with his father Bal Gopal, a businessman and mother Shobanna. But for the past year, both Manu and Vinod are residing on the hospital premises to provide better service. Vinod's parents K A Bojappa, a coffee planter and K B Kamala, are in Kodagu.\"Nowadays people are depressed for various reasons, so we have started working from the grassroots level. We have started organizing training programmes in schools to build self-confidence among children,\" says Vinod Kumar.Self-confidence training programmes have been organized in 33 schools. Soon similar kind of programmes will be organized in rural areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "12026737", "title": "Burla police file murder case in MCA student's death", "text": "SAMBALPUR: Burla police registered a case of murder on Friday in the mysterious death of an MCA girl student of Sambalpur town, who died at VSS medical college soon after she was admitted in a critical condition on Wednesday night. Police had earlier registered an unnatural death case but converted it to murder, based on the complaint of the victim's father.Sources said the deceased girl, identified as Signdha Smrutismita Swain of Dhankauda on the outskirts of Sambalpur town, was an MCA student at Taradevi Institution of Sambalpur (affiliated to Karnataka University).Police said she was brought to the hospital by two youths, who left as soon as they heard she was dead. Doctors said she died due to consumption of heavy dose of Chloroquine. Police said they are waiting for the post mortem report, \"which will reveal the exact cause of the death\". Police recovered the vehicle of the girl near Gangadhar Meher college of Sambalpur but failed to recover her cell phone.The girl's father, Manmath Kumar Swain, said it was a pre-planned murder and the youths who brought his daughter to the hospital are fully involved in the incident. He also alleged that police did not take the issue seriously initially. He said he went to all police stations of the town to register his complaint but police initially refused to accept his complaint.\"First I went to Burla police station but they asked me to lodge the FIR with Sambalpur police. I went to Sadar police station, Dhanupali police station and women police station of Sambalpur town but they all refused me. Finally I met the SP (Sambalpur) and Burla police took my complaint on the direction of the SP,\" Swain said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12028466", "title": "PSUs urged to employ sportspersons", "text": "MYSORE: Javagal Srinath, former Indian speedster and secretary of Karnataka State Cricket Association, called upon public sectors to encourage sportspersons by providing jobs and amend rules to accommodate them.When he was doing his engineering at Sri Jayachamarajendra College of Engineering, Vijaya Bank offered him with a job opportunity. Since he was studying his engineering, he was not in a position to discontinue. So a few people in the bank amended the rules which made him to take two years of study leave, which not only helped him complete his engineering but also concentrate and do well in cricket. He also called upon other public sectors to act on these lines to promote sports and sportspersons. On the occasion, he also mentioned that during the days he played he was very much interested in getting into the Central Exercise and Customs department.Apart from railways, the Central Excise and Customs is giving more job opportunities to sportspersons, said AK Prasad, chief commissioner of Central Excise, Customs and Service Tax, Mysore zone. He also said that the Central Excise and Customs revenue is growing every year. Only 10 years ago it was Rs 90,000 crore but it now crosses Rs 1.50 lakh crore every year. The Central Excise, Customs and Service Tax together expected to collect revenue of Rs 3.96,000 crore for the year 2011-12. The Mysore commissionerate of Central Excise and Service Tax is expected to collect about Rs 477 crore during 2010-12. The department has already collected Rs 369 crore up to January 2011, which is 20% higher than last year.On the occasion, outstanding revenue performance companies were awarded with Samman Patras. The companies are Hindustan Unilever Ltd, Mysore (Large Scale category), Dunlop Polymers Ltd, Mysore and Bannari Amman Sugars Ltd (both for medium scale category), Eswar Steel Tech Pvt Ltd, Shimoga and Pragathi Steel Casting Pvt Ltd, Shimoga (both under Small Scale Category). AK Prasad, Chief Commissioner of Central Excise, Customs and Service Tax, Mysore zone presented the awards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12026983", "title": "The high-flying 'barats'", "text": "PATNA: As families are short of time and money is not an issue, quite a few \"barats (marriage parties)\" from the state capital are using planes to reach marriage destinations.Bangalore-based software engineer Amitesh Agrawal's is one such family. \"The barat had to go to a resort in Hyderabad. Around 50-member barat, comprising mostly of NRIs and professionals, had an extremely short period of leave. I booked 50 tickets in a flight for Hyderabad,\" said Amitesh's father M N Agrawal, a local businessman.It enabled the baratis to wind up the extravaganza, which would have otherwise taken around a week, in just three days.In past few months, there have been over two dozen instances when barats have taken off for marriage destinations across the country from city's Jayaprakash Narayan International Airport.Sanjeev Sinha, who runs a travel agency, told TOI: \"I have booked wedding groups in various flights for Lucknow, Delhi, Ranchi and other destinations. Many of these groups also go to Goa, Mumbai, Bangalore and Hyderabad to solemnize their weddings in lavish resorts and hotels.\"Sanjeev said a 50-member barat is booked for Lucknow on April 25, 2012. In November, he had booked a 40-member barat for Mumbai, and a 50-member barat for Hyderabad. In January this year, a 42-member barat was booked for Hyderabad. In February, a 38-member barat was booked for Ranchi.\"It has become a status symbol. The competition to spend more lavishly between the groom's group and bride's group is fuelling the trend. No side wants to go easy on spending money. They flaunt that they have brought the entire barat by plane,\" said Sanjeev.A source at airport further authenticated it. \"Many barats have also landed here from Ranchi, Lucknow, Delhi and other cities. A groom, with wedding marks, and his families with wedding paraphernalia, walking in and out of the terminal building here is a common site in wedding season,\" an airline executive told TOI.\"Why not to incur inflated expenses when it gives you comfort?\" asks R N Singh, a city-based businessman. Singh had taken the barat of his son to Ranchi last month. \"If you go by plane, there are no frills. My son's barat did not feel like an exercise or affair. We did not need to even change our dress after we landed at the Ranchi airport. We went straight to the marriage venue,\" said Singh.Group booking with any airline is a costly affair. A senior travel agent U N Mishra said: \"Airlines charge inflated price for group bookings. The charge is at least 50% higher (even when booked in advance) than the bottom price for an individual.\"Overblown price is, however, no discouragement for a groom's family. \"It is more certain, when you go by plane, that you will reach your destination on time and attend the wedding on planned time. When you take the barat by train, it is not certain that your will reach the wedding venue on scheduled time,\" said a city-based builder, who had taken a 40-member barat to Mumbai.(Names of some persons have been changed as they requested anonymity)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12026132", "title": "Suthar in prison, 2 friends nabbed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Sunny Suthar, the cop's son who struck terror among National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIFT) students is now behind bars. Suthar's bail plea was rejected by a court and he was sent to Sabarmati central jail on Friday.That is not the end. The Gandhinagar police officials also arrested two friends of Sunny on Friday in connection with the incident of violence that took place a couple of days back. According to Gandhinagar police officials, Suthar beat up an NIFT student early on Wednesday morning ahead of their annual festival, Spectrum. Later, Sunny and his gang went to NIFT campus and beat up a security guard. The incident sent a wave of panic in the campus.Police arrested Sunny on Thursday in connection with the case. Archana Shivhare, superintendent of police, Gandhinagar, told TOI that identification parade for Suthar took place on Friday .where he was picked out of a line-up by the complainant in the case.\"After rejection of his bail application with the court, he has been sent to Sabarmati central jail,\" she said.Meanwhile, Sector 7 police officials arrested two of Suthar's friends Akash Patel, 23, and Omin Joshi, 25. Patel and Joshi were identified by the complainants .. Investigators said that the vehicle used by the trio has been identified and seized as evidence in the case.On Wednesday, a complaint against three unidentified youths was filed by KSS Security, the agency looking after campus security at NIFT for vandalism, trespassing, intimidation and physical assault. Suthar had insisted on calling himself 'Gandhinagar ka baap' by the students who got harassed by him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12027473", "title": "Chief guest choice holds up BU convocation", "text": "BANGALORE: Thousands of Bangalore University students will get their degree certificates later than usual this year, all because the varsity is yet to figure out an appropriate person who can hand them their certificates.The inability to find a chief guest for the convocation is delaying the ceremony, which usually takes place in January or February. Many state universities, including Mysore University and Mangalore University, held their convocations recently. Last year, BU had held it on February 15.Among the luminaries invited was Montek Singh Ahluwalia, vice-chairman, Planning Commission of India, and M S Swaminanathan, father of the green revolution. However, both declined the invitation. The latest on the list is Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad.\"We are yet to zero in on the chief guest. There have been many suggestions. Now we've invited Ghulam Nabi Azad, who's expected to reply in a day or two. We will then finalize the date,\" said vice-chancellor N Prabhu Dev.Politics plaguing BU has also had its effect on the selection. Sources say some government nominees in the syndicate (the highest decision making body of the varsity) have suggested the name of Arun Jaitley, senior BJP leader, for chief guest. The issue was raised at the last syndicate meeting.Even if the guest gives a date, it will take a minimum of three weeks to hold the convocation, admits registrar B C Mylarappa. \"There are various processes to be completed. Invites have to be printed and sent to scores of students and dignitaries, the list of graduates/ doctorates/rank list/ in absentia has to be published. It will take time,\" he said.This is not the first time the convocation has been delayed, thanks to these tactics. In 2010, the graduation ceremony faced similar hurdles when the vice-chancellor wanted the President or vice-president to be on campus.Syndicate members, who are already at loggerheads with the vice-chancellor, say the function is delayed because the VC wants high-profile personalities.Caught in this web of politics are final year students, for whom the degree certificate is a crucial document to pursue higher studies. \"After so many issues of forged marks cards have been raised, corporates ask for degree certificates during placements.Students who need to go abroad also need their original degree certificates and not just their marks cards. The delay will cost them their future. Varsity officials fail to understand this. Even after the chief guest is finalized, it will take at least three weeks for the function to take place,\" said M Prakash, secretary, Karnataka Post Graduate Colleges' Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "12027073", "title": "Jairam opens PURA project in Tirurangadi", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Union minister for urban development Jairam Ramesh inaugurated the national-level pilot project of Provision of Urban Amenities in Rural Areas (PURA) at Tirurangadi panchayat in the district on Friday.Tirurangadi is among the 14 panchayats, including Thalikkulam panchayat in Thrissur district, selected nationally for the project. The project, with a total estimated cost of Rs 112 crore, would be implemented under the participation of special agencies. The scheme envisages selection of firms to develop livelihood opportunities, urban amenities and infrastructure of prescribed levels and take responsibility for their maintenance for 10 years.In Kerala, the project is being implemented by the Infrastructure Kerala Limited (INKEL) and would be headed by the state industries department.Rural development minister K C Joseph and industries minister P K Kunhalikkutty laid the foundation stones for the multi-crore drinking water project and the apparel park to be set up in panchayat as part of the project at the inaugural function.INKEL will start the work of providing amenities like water supply, drainage, solid waste management, street lighting and telecommunications, in the first phase itself.A street electrification scheme, by which solar street lights will be installed in 23.5 kilometre of road in the panchayat, would be implemented. Rs 6 crore has already earmarked for this.The INKEL will also construct a 1.5 kilometre long road from the Karimbil junction of NH17 to Chullikkappara, as part of their first phase work.The INKEL also is entitled to create revenue earning facilities like village-linked tourism, integrated rural hub, ware housing, agricultural service centre and other rural economy-based projects, by the next two phases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "valpoi", "code": "12027936", "title": "All's not well for the health minister in Valpoi", "text": "VALPOI: There are few constituencies where the reigning MLA has little to fear and most thought Valpoi would be such a seat for its legislator Vishwajit Rane.But with the delimitation exercise adding Usgao and Ganjem areas of Ponda taluka to the constituency and mining transport businessman Satyavijay Naik and former panchayat minister Venkatesh 'Bandu' Dessai contesting on a BJP ticket and as an independent respectively, analysts say it's not going to be a cakewalk for the Congress health minister.Usgao-Ganjem has about 11,000 votes and Usgao has been traditionally an MGP stronghold, with the BJP in an alliance with the regional outfit, analysts see Naik polling substantial votes.But Rane junior isn't called a political kingmaker for nothing. Though he entered politics only in 1999, the 42-year-old business management post-graduate has mastered the business of politics.In 2007, denied the Congress ticket, he contested as an independent and won, beating his nearest rival Puti Gaonkar of the BJP by over 3,500 votes. While Congress suffered a major embarrassment with their candidate then, Laxman Savardekar, withdrawing his candidature, this time around, Gaonkar is visibly supporting Rane in his campaign.When he chose to drop his independent MLA-ship to join the Congress as a minister, Rane thrashed BJP's Santosh Haldankar, bagging 11,642 of the total 14,881 votes polled in the October 2012 bypoll.And parties have not necessarily been his political mainstay. While he was part of several failed attempts to topple the Digambar Kamat-led Congress government, he was successful in bagging the chairmanship of the Goa Tourism Development Corporation when current opposition leader headed the BJP government.In the present polls, it's his candidates, including two from the BJP who he got to switch to the Congress, who bagged Congress tickets.So, even though the constituency has switched between the Congress and the BJP since it was carved out of the taluka in 1989, it's to be seen whether Valpoi's 26,089 voters will re-elect their 'baba', as Rane is called, for doling out government jobs, financial assistance to Mahila mandals, self-help groups and youth clubs, and changing the physical face of the once backward town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12026836", "title": "CHB cannot order demolition: HC", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court has held that Chandigarh Housing Board (CHB), while exercising the power of chief administrator, cannot order demolition of a house on grounds of violations of rules without communicating the reasons to the occupier.As per the present practice, housing board used to issue demolition orders after show cause notice and hearing the party. There is no procedure of communicating the exact reasons of demolishing a house before issuing the orders. HC has also held that to deal with such issues, the provisions of Capital of Punjab (Development and Regulation) Act, 1952, would be applicable in dealing with such issues and not any other provisions or Act. The orders were passed on Friday by a division bench comprising Justice Hemant Gupta and Justice A N Jindal, while disposing off a petition filed by a Sector 45 resident, P S Sawhney.According to the case, wife of the petitioner was an allottee of a flat in Sector 45 A, Chandigarh. A show cause notice was served upon the petitioner on October 1, 2010, calling upon the petitioner to appear before the secretary, Chandigarh Housing Board (CHB), on October 4, 2010, in respect of the violations allegedly raised in the said building allotted to the wife of the petitioner in 1990.After hearing the petition and examining the issue, HC held that a proper order is required to be issues by the CHB while exercising powers of chief administrator before directing for demolition of the houses violating any norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12025362", "title": "Ramanujan essay now out in Hindi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Hindi translation of A K Ramanujan's essay 'Three Hundred Ramayanas' came out on Friday. The removal of the essay from DU's undergraduate history syllabus has spiked interest in the work and given rise to debates across campuses. The essay has also inspired a puppet film, 'About Ram'.Students and faculty of DU feel the omission of the essay from the syllabus has led to more and more students photocopying and reading the work. Anurupa Roy, puppeteer and managing trustee of Katkatha Puppets Arts Trust, Delhi, said the existing 18 forms of puppetry are about Ramayana. \"Puppet shows are based on different versions of the epic, mostly from oral traditions. The text is fluid and varies from region to region,\" said Roy.Roy's puppet film 'About Ram' has borrowed from different versions of Ramayana. It is basically the journey of Ram alone. \"I am also directing a puppet show, which will engage 120 students,\" said Roy.Meanwhile, Vani Prakashan has come up with a Hindi translation of Ramanujan's essay. Dhawal Jaiswal, a PhD scholar from DU, is the translator. The book was released on the eve of the World Book Fair, and will also be available at the fair. \"The idea was to popularize such works. The book shows the richness of our cultures,\" said Aditi Maheshwari, who works at the publication house.The essay has been the talking point in discussions among intellectuals after its removal stirred a controversy. Faculty members from even Jadavpur University in West Bengal joined the discussions. For many, the controversy has more to do with gaining political mileage. \"The essay in no way denigrates Ram or Hanuman, but simply focuses on the diverse versions of the Ramayana,\" said the faculty member of comparative politics and political theory in JNU, Nivedita Menon.\"More students are reading the essay now than when it was being taught,\" said a faculty member of Hindi department in Delhi University, Apoorvanand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12026829", "title": "'Liberal visa process needed to allow foreign researchers to work in India'", "text": "PUNE: A stringent visa regime and bureaucratic control over the process of development of science and technology remains one of the major impediments in achieving excellence in research in India, said eminent speakers from academic and research organsitions at the 'National Policy Dialogue 2012', which began here on Friday.The event, which is focussed on issues relating to research excellence framework, has been jointly organised by the British Council and the Planning Commission of India with an objective of providing key inputs for policy-making by the plan panel.The speakers also raised a slew of worries regarding the varying methods of assessment of research excellence adopted by different research and academic institutions in the absence of an overarching national body meant for defining the assessment parameters.Similarly, research-linked funding, mentoring of young researchers, institutional rankings, restrictions on foreign travelling and participation of women in scientific research were other issues discussed.Spenta Wadia, director of the Bangalore-based International Centre for Theoretical Sciences, said, \"The government need to have a more liberal approach in allowing foreign researchers to work at research organisations in the country for a longer time. As of now, visa conditions are rigid and the problem is not at the point of issuance but, at the point of renewal of visas after every five years. This is a discouraging factor for foreign researchers, who may want to join Indian organisations.\"Advisor to the Planning Commission on higher education matters, Pawan Agarwal, said, \"A part of the blame also lies on the scientific community as the Union home ministry, which controls and regulates the visa issuance process, ought to be aptly convinced about the processes adopted by other countries vis-a-vis foreign researchers as fears relating to security issues need to be removed.\"Referring to research issues, Agarwal said that the 12th Five Year Plan, which is being finalised, has a specific component on research, innovation and entrepreneurship. \"The broad strategy is to attract and retain talent that includes steps to draw overseas talent; strengthen the doctoral education where concerns relating to the capacity, quality and standards exist; encourage multi-faceted collaborations; innovation and entrepreneurship and scale up of research funding, fellowships and scholarships.\"\"For the first time, the aspect of research assessment is being addressed through the ongoing 12th plan exercise,\" he said, and added that the issue of encouraging foreign travel by researchers to collaborate with agencies abroad will also be addressed.Delhi University's Pro-Vice Chancellor S K Tandon said, \"There has to be a centrally governed structure for comparing and ranking of higher education institutions as the prevailing ranking approach by independent agencies is flawed. The parameters behind such rankings are not well defined, ambiguous and do not take care of the contextual issues like age, history, tradition and legacy of institutions.\"Tandon also stressed the need for having a collegium of experts with impeccable track record for peer review of research papers. \"We need a strong post-doctoral study culture and a change in the mindset at the university department level for encouraging self-audits after every two years,\" he said.National Chemical Laboratory director Sourav Pal said, \"The whole objective of research assessment should be aimed at promoting good ideas rather than assessing individual researcher. The effort also should be for inculcating research culture and original thinking at all levels of education.\"Pal strongly advocated the double blinding system of peer review of research works where the reviewer and the principal investigator of research project have no prior knowledge of each other. \"As of now, the reviewer knows all details of the person being reviewed, which leaves scope for personal bias,\" he said.Mathew G Davidson, associate dean (research), faculty of science at University of Bath, UK, provided an overview of the Research Excellence Framework adopted by the UK and the research funding extended to institutions by the Higher Education Funding Council in the UK.Rob Lynes, Director of British Council India, H A Ranganath, director of National Assessment and Accreditation Council and Sujatha Ramadorai, member of National Innovation Council and Ajit Kembhavi, director of Inter-University Centre for Astronomy and Astrophysics, addressed the opening session.Director of National Centre for Radio Astrophysics S K Ghosh; senior vice president of Accenture India Sanjeev Gupta; Jawaharlal Nehru University professor of economics Binod Khadria; director of Manipal Global Education's life science centre K Satyamoorthy; Tata Institute of Fundamental Research's Shubha Tole and Director of DSM Innovation's regional centre Murali Sastry, were among other eminent speakers who participated in the discussion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12027379", "title": "Vilappil panchayat to move apex court", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Vilappilsala panchayat will move Supreme Court challenging the high court directive to include the Centre and CISF as defendants in the affidavit filed by the corporation. The decision was taken in an emergency panchayat committee meeting convened here on Friday.The corporation in its affidavit had come hard at the police for not facilitating the transport of garbage-laden trucks. The court on Friday upheld the corporation's contention and pointed out that the police failed in ensuring law and order at Vilappilsala.The office-bearers of panchayat said that the corporation was totally unfair in criticizing the police for handling the situation. \"We have decided to move Supreme Court by Tuesday. The panchayat will also forward a complaint to chief minister Oommen Chandy listing the atrocities meted out to the people of Vilappilsala during the protest,\" said Vilappil panchayat president Sobhana Kumari.The committee also decided to send a legal notice to Vilappilsala factory for want of a valid license.\"The panchayat will send notices to all companies working here without proper license. The waste treatment factory also comes under that. The notice will be sent to Poabsons Limited who still owns the factory,\" said panchayat member Vinod Raj.\"Although the corporation claims that Poabsons is no longer in charge of the factory, the electricity and water bills are still sent to Poabsons. That is why we have decided to issue the notice to Poabsons,\" added Vinod.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12026286", "title": "Drug trials were in accordance with the law, says DME", "text": "Even as the row over unethical drug trails in Indore has failed to die down, the Director, Medical Education (DME) has in a submission to the Madhya Pradesh Human Rights Commission (MPHRC) given a virtual clean chit to the doctors accused in the case.Appearing before the commission on Friday during a hearing the DME has stated that it had found out that the doctors had not violated any rules and they sought consent from the patients prior to conducting the trials.Money collected from the multi-national companies (MNCs) was used for medical insurance of the patients, besides, meeting other office expenses and pathological tests.Similarly, the sponsored foreign trips were meant for carrying out research work.The DME's report further pointed out that doctors had conducted the drug trials after seeking permission from the Drug Controller General of India (DCGI) as well as the ethics committee, which also included representatives from the society.The report stated that state government is not the authority to investigate into the drug trials row and a letter in this regard has been sent to the union health ministry and the DCGI on February 18 stating that DCGI must investigate and advise action.DME, principal secretary, IS Dani and other senior officials presented the department's part in front of the acting chairman of the MPHRC, Justice AK Saxena.The hearing was on the complaint of Swasthya Samarpan Sewa Samiti in which the allegations of conducting unethical drug trials were levelled on Dr Ashok Vajpayee, Dr Salil Bhargava, Dr Anil Bharani, Dr Pushpa Verma and Dr Apoorva Puranik.Director of the medical education SC Tiwari told TOI that \"We have submitted the findings before the commission. It has been mentioned that the trials in this case were conducted as per rules. Since the state government is not equipped to act on the issue, it has been marked to the union health ministry and DCGI for any further clarification or action\", he added.Meanwhile, the MPHRC joint director (PR), Rohit Mehta said \"The issue of unethical drug trials was heard at National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) as well, besides the MPHRC. The commission here would categorise the nature of complaints in order to avoid hearing of the same issues at two different levels. The action on the report tabled by the DME would be decided after that\", he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12025211", "title": "\u2018Conspirator\u2019 Kafeel drops more IM names", "text": "NEW DELHI: IM ideologue Mohammad Kafeel Ahmed has disclosed that he was one of the main conspirators behind the blasts orchestrated by the terror outfit's boss in India, Yasin Bhatkal alias Shahrukh.\"He knew about the whole plan - Indian Mujahideen (IM) members, including Qateel Siddiqui and Ajmal, who were part of the terrorist operations at Jama Masjid in Delhi, the Chinnaswamy stadium in Bangalore and other places; about their visit to these cities and stay there,\" said a source.Investigators have also got to know that the detonators for the Jama Masjid bomb, which was placed in a car on September 19, 2010, were bought from Karnataka. \"Farooq was sent by Shahrukh to Karnataka to get the detonators,\" said an officer. \"The explosives were already here in the Meer Vihar factory,\" said the source.Kafeel (50), arrested by the special team of Delhi Police on Tuesday at Darbhanga, is being interrogated along with other arrested IM members like Bashir Talha Abdali, Tariq and others to get more clues. The special team, headed by additional DCP Sanjeev Yadav, has arrested 10 IM members in the last three months and most of them are from Bihar.Cops have also come to know that the explosives, mostly chemicals like ammonium nitrate and potassium chlorate, used by Shahrukh in the bombs for the Chinnaswamy stadium blast in April 2010 were bought from a market in Chembur, Mumbai. \"Gayur Jamali had gone to Mumbai by train on the directions of Shahrukh. He bought the chemicals from there and gave it to Shahrukh, who had already reached Bangalore,\" said the source.Officials say Kafeel is not aware of Shahrukh's current hideout but he knew about the previous plans. Kafeel was IM's main motivator in Bihar and had met several handlers. He is also being questioned about Shahrukh's communication channels with Riyaz and Iqbal Bhatkal in Pakistan.Sources said Kafeel had also given them information about more active IM members in Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12027479", "title": "Airfares set to take off this Holi", "text": "LUCKNOW: Domestic airlines are all set to burn a hole in your pocket if you wish to travel just before and after Holi this year. And if you have chosen to fly from the city on March 11, a Sunday, be ready to pay almost 50% extra. Holi is on March 8, which is a Thursday. The weekend starts a day after so most of those coming to the city on the vacation will choose to stay back. Not surprisingly, on Sunday the airfares have risen sharply. For instance, the airfare of an Indigo flight (6E-185) from Lucknow to Mumbai happens to around Rs 4,800 on March 10. But it goes up to Rs 6,584 on March 11, before coming down back to Rs 4,800 the very next day.The case with JetLite flight S-2-3238 is even more peculiar. On March 10, the airfare in this flight is Rs 6,584. This goes up to Rs 7,984 on March 11, a jump of Rs 1,400. The next day, it rises alarmingly to over Rs 15,000. The flight, as the schedule suggests, has a strategic timing - it flies from Lucknow at 6.50 am and reaches Mumbai by 10.30 am, a comfortable time for the working/business class to reach Mumbai. That holds true for passengers flying to Delhi also. For example, the airfare in the Indigo flight 6E-141 from Lucknow to Delhi on March 10 is Rs 2,984. This jumps to Rs 4,683 on March 11, which is a rise of around Rs 1,700. It once again comes back to Rs 3,734 the very next day.The trend is seen in other flights also, even though the difference may not be that large. The JetLite flight, S2-233, which has an air fare of Rs 4,334 on March 10, witnesses a rise of around Rs 400 on March 11 as it gets pegged at Rs 4,734. So is the case with JetLite's another flight to Delhi, 9W-7075 - from Rs 4,434 on March 10 to Rs 4,834 on March 11. Those flying to Kolkata on the day too will have to dole out heavily. Like in case of JetLite flight S2-3513, which has an airfare of Rs 3,384 on March 10.But on March 11, it escalates to Rs 5,634, which is a jump of over Rs 2,300. By March 12, it slides, though marginally, to Rs 5,234. So is the case with Jet Airways Konnect flight 9W-2461, in which the airfare rises from Rs 3,534 on March 10 to Rs 5,934 on March 11. JetLite's another flight S2-3461 too does not miss the chance as it raises its fare from Rs 3,384 to Rs 5,984 between the two days. Tour operators observed that it is, as usual, related to demand and supply. \"But at times it has caused all the problems to the flyers,'' said Prateek, a tour operator in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12027136", "title": "Son stabs father to death in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: Irked by his father's illicit relationship, a son stabbed him to death in K Pudur police limits on Thursday night.Karupiah (28), from Sambakulam near K Pudur is a road contractor. On Thursday, his family held a function for his pregnant wife and after the event was over by evening, his father, Muthiah (52) picked up a quarrel with his son.According to the police, there was a prolonged family dispute between the father and son because Muthiah had a relationship with another woman in the area and used to torture his wife Panjavarnam. In spite of the repeated quarrels at home and the family warning to get rid of the relationship with the woman, Muthiah never obliged.This had agitated Karupiah and when Muthiah fought with him on Thursday night after the function at home, he could not tolerate it any further. He picked up a knife and stabbed his father in his throat, killing him on the spot.Later, Karupiah surrendered at the K Pudur police station. The police recovered the dead body and sent it for post-mortem. He had been booked under murder charges and K Pudur police have registered the case, police sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12026142", "title": "Two school kids go missing from Ranip", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two students of class IX in a private school in Ranip went missing on Wednesday morning. Ranip and Naranpura police stations have registered two separate cases of missing children on Thursday. One of the teens has the record of earlier fleeing from his house. He was found from Mumbai.According to Ranip police station officials, the students - Sarthik Patel, 14, a resident of Ganeshkunj Society in Ranip, and Rohan Patel, a resident of Green Avenue, GST, Ranip - had attended their classes at Mangaldeep High School on Wednesday. While Sarthik went missing from the school after recess, Rohan first came home and then left saying that he was going to meet his friend.\"While the complaint of Sarthik's disappearance has been filed with Naranpura police station, Rohan's complaint is lodged with Ranip police station as he visited his home before doing a disappearing act. As we suspect that both the boys have fled together, we are going to club both the complaints into one case and launch a search for the missing boys,\" said an official from the Ranip police station.Investigators said that when Rohan had left his home two years back he had taken one of his friends along with him. The duo was traced to Borivali railway station by Mumbai police officials after which their parents went there and brought them back home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "12026645", "title": "Yasin Malik charged under Pota", "text": "SRINAGAR: A local court on Friday charged Jammu &amp; Kashmir Liberation Front ( JKLF) chief Yasin Malik under the Prevention of Terrorism Act (Pota) for allegedly raising funds to strengthen militancy in the state.Malik was charged with allegedly deputing two people - Mushtaq Ahmad Dar and Shameema - to collect $100,000 from Kathmandu in 2002. The money was recovered from them after they were arrested later that year. Though Pota was repealed in 2003, cases registered under it prior to that can still be pursued.Additional sessions judge (Jammu) Sanjay Parihar charged Malik with raising funds to strengthen \"armed activity\" in the state and \"to strike terror among people''. The judge said the charges were framed against Malik based on material evidence collected during the probe and confessional statements of the two accused. Malik pleaded not guilty to the charges.The two other accused were not present in the court. Their lawyer pleaded that they could not reach Jammu due to closure of the Jammu-Srinagar national highway. The judge directed him to ensure their presence on March 19 to read out the charges against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "uttarpara/bally", "code": "12027725", "title": "Dying woman claims rape in moving car", "text": "UTTARPARA/BALLY: A 27-year-old woman and mother of two, who was brought to hospital as an accident victim on Friday morning, regained consciousness briefly to say that she was gangraped in a car and dumped on the New Bally Bridge. She died a few hours after giving her last statement.Police have started a probe on the basis of her dying declaration. This comes barely a fortnight after a woman was gangraped at gunpoint in a car on Park Street.Police identified her as a resident of Baranagar. They said she had been dragged into a car from near her house around 3am on Friday. A few hours later, she was found battered and unconscious near New Bally Bridge's toll plaza.An officer said the rapist may be a trucker who could have left the state by now. Police are trying to identify vehicles present at the toll plaza when the crime took place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "cuncolim", "code": "12027954", "title": "It's far from a 'CAKEWALK' in Cuncolim", "text": "CUNCOLIM: The issue of 'family raj' or 'dynasty politics' may have whipped up passions among the electorate, but for the main protagonists of the issue-the Alemao brothers-'family raj' is only in the minds of the opposition.Urban development minister Joaquim Alemao who is seeking to return to the state legislative assembly from Cuncolim for the third consecutive term, has joined his elder brother Churchill, in castigating the BJP for turning the issue of many party tickets to family members into an election issue.\"What family raj?\" Joaquim laughs aloud, scornfully. \"This is nothing but a mean idea of (opposition leader Manohar) Parrikar. The BJP is honeymooning with the MGP in the elections and attacking us on 'family raj'. Doesn't the 'family raj' apply to the MGP brothers (with whom BJP has an alliance)? My brother, Churchill, and I have done a lot of development work. We are in politics for a very long time, we haven't come in just yesterday. People are solidly behind us and they don't care about what my opponents are saying,\" Joaquim says, stressing that it will be a \"cakewalk\" for him this time.\"The BJP candidate will make no difference to me. Mark my words, the BJP will lose its deposit,\" says Joaquim, again interspersing his words with a sardonic laugh.Political observers however feel that the popular sentiment against 'family raj' coupled with strong undercurrents of anti-incumbency, besides a viable alternative offered by the BJP to the electorate are the major factors that are likely to harm Alemao's prospects this time.What has added to Alemao's worries is the \"unprecedented\" support the BJP candidate, Subhash 'Rajan' Naik has been receiving from across the municipal limits of Cuncolim. The municipal areas of Cuncolim comprise over 60% of the constituency's total voters.Political observers are of the view that the situation could turn in favour of the BJP if the Catholic community votes which traditionally went with the Congress gets split between Alemao and the other two Catholic candidates, John Monteiro (Ind) and Branny Fern-andes (UGDP).The other factor that could prove advantageous for the BJP is the clean image of its candidate. Though Naik owns a public transport company, he has maintained a low profile and enjoys the support of people from all sections of society, cutting across caste and religion. The good social standing of the BJP candidate may earn the saffron party some brownie points that may result in the BJP making inroads into traditional Congress votes.\"In a constituency where caste-based identities are deep-seated with the Catholic community also comprising of 'Gaonkars' and 'non-Gaonkars', Cuncolim is likely to witness new equations being formed this time. A sizeable section of Gaonkars which, in the past, always rallied behind Congress, is likely to switch over loyalties in favour of the BJP. This factor will primarily come into play in the municipal areas of Cuncolim,\" political observers pointed out.Naik is confident of posting a good show. \"For the first time people from the Catholic community have drawn closer to the BJP as they want a change. Though I didn't get sufficient time to cover all houses in the door-to-door campaign, our corner meetings in Catholic-dominated areas too have evoked good response.\"UGDP president Jorson Fernandes, who had contested the last assembly election against Alemao, said the anti-Joaquim sentiment is very high in Cuncolim. \"More than the issue of 'family raj', corruption, etc, people are fed up with his rule where he has never used fair methods of governance. People desire a change... the 'Joaquim-k ghara dhaddya' (let's send Joaquim home)-sentiment is overwhelming,\" Ferna-ndes said.Delimitation of constituencies has resulted in adding Macazana, Ambaulim and some parts of Balli into the Cuncolim assembly segment. Contrary to expectations, the ST-agitation at Balli has not turned out to be an election issue in this constituency. However, as Ambaulim and Balli, which consist of some 4,000 votes, have a sizable section of traditional BJP votes, this factor is also likely to damage Alemao's prospects to some extent.The Alemao-camp is unfazed. \"Joaquim has ushered in a huge wave of development in Cuncolim which is unprecedented. The market complex, the modern bus stand, the football ground, these are projects which can be termed as iconic developments. Joaquim will win hands down,\" says one of his avid supporters.Some political observers, nevertheless, are of the opinion that though several positive factors may propel the BJP closer to victory, it may still be unable to go past the winning post. \"Ultimately, the 2,000-odd deciding votes that get swayed by allurement a couple of days ahead of the polls, will decide the outcome,\" a political commentator said, as a matter of fact, obviously preferring anonymity. Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12026997", "title": "HAL to give more work to local firms", "text": "In a bid to increase outsourcing of its work to local industry, the aircraft manufacturer Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd (HAL), which mainly makes combat aircraft of the MiG series and Sukhoi 30 MKI for the Indian Air Force, wants industries in Nashik to manufacture aircraft components.HAL manufactures defence aircraft at its Ozhar plant, near Nashik. The defence aircraft, which are manufactured here, include Su-30 MKI (twin-seater, multi-role, long range fighter / bomber / air superiority aircraft), MiG-27 M (single-seater tactical fighter / bomber with variable sweep wings), MiG-21 variants (single-seater frontline tactical interceptor / fighter aircraft).Presently, HAL is outsourcing aircraft components to industries from Bangalore and Hyderabad, while Nashik industries contribute on a minor scale. In Nashik, HAL is outsourcing components to around 50 to 60 small and medium enterprises (SMEs) amounting to around Rs 70 crore, which is very less compared to the components the aircraft maker does to industries based in Bangalore and Hyderabad.\"Nashik has witnessed a substantial industrial growth in the past few years. The small and medium industries from Nashik are manufacturing quality products and getting good business opportunities. Hence, HAL had shown interest in outsourcing aircraft components to companies in Nashik for the last three years, but it was at very low scale,\" said P S Roy, HAL general manager (aircraft manufacturing division), said at the inaugural session of the four-day industrial exhibition NIMA Index: 2012 here on Friday.\"Presently, we are outsourcing aircraft components from Bangalore and Hyderabad, which is logistically not feasible. Considering this fact, we are planning to outsource maximum components to Nashik industries. We already have large number of works which will be done by Nashik industries,\" Roy said.Nashik Industries and Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) president Dhananjay Bele said currently the local industries are getting only a very small portion of the outsourcing pie.\"We are making efforts to get more outsourcing work to at least 500 small and medium enterprises in Nashik with the value amounting to Rs 250 crore. The business deals with HAL are expected during the ongoing industrial exhibition,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "12027378", "title": "Tibetans fined for burning Chinese flag", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Perhaps it is for the first time that Tibetans have been fined for holding an anti-China protest. The court of chief judicial magistrate (CJM) here on Thursday imposed a penalty on Tibetan Youth Congress (TYC) for holding a protest procession without prior permission from police. In this protest, the protesters had burned a Chinese flag on February 20, a day before the Losar festival.Police said that four members of TYC including, vice- president Dhundup Ladhar, general secretary Tenzin Chokey, organizing secretary PemaTsering and joint secretary Tenzin Norsang were made accused in the case and booked under Section 115 of Himachal Pradesh Police Act.\"The four TYC members were arrested on Thursday and were produce in the CJM court the same day,\" said additional superintendent of police (ASP), Kangra, Nihal Chand, who is looking after Tibetan affairs.He said that the CJM court imposed a total penalty of Rs 4000 to Rs 1000 on each accused for violating the section 109 (A) of Police Act. \"The accused were later released according to the provisions of section 115 of Police Act after paying the fine,\" he said.TYC had called for a worldwide flag burning protest on February 20. The protest was simultaneously held in all the 80 regional chapters of TYC across the world, including Dharamshala.TYC activists here had organized a protest procession in McLeodganj and flag-burning protest was held at Tibetan children's village there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12027361", "title": "They held hands to teach the importance of voting", "text": "NOIDA: Over a thousand students on Friday joined together to form a 5km-long human chain to sensitise people on their right to vote as part of an awareness campaign undertaken by the district administration. The students started holding hands around 12.30pm near the DND flyway which soon extended till the Noida Stadium in sector 21A within an hour.Senior officials, including the collector Hirdesh Kumar participated in the human chain formed by school and college students to spread the message about the importance of voting. \"Our aim is to ensure 100 per cent voter turnout during the assembly polls on February 28,\" said Kumar.A number of colourful placards with hard-hitting slogans, quotations and pictures for creating awareness were used to demonstrate the significance of voting. Some banners had messages like: 'everyone has the right to vote; all should come and vote'. Sidharth, a student from Greater Noida said that casting votes is a need, a right as well as a matter of pride. \"Wholehearted participation and cooperation from people in the electoral process will help strengthen democracy,\" he said.Another student, Anant said, \"Instead of just indulging in drawing room debates and criticizing politicians, if we want a good government then we must come out and vote.\" Another participant, Shweta talking about the importance of the campaign said that she was there because she wanted to \"persuade people to vote on February 28\". A series of several other awareness programs have also been held to mobilize voters to to cast their ballot.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12027282", "title": "Kin held for Rabindra Palli double murder", "text": "LUCKNOW: The police have arrested one person for the double murder of women in Rabindra Palli under Ghazipur police station. The accused, Harshit Srivastava alias Nishi, a resident of Sanjay Gandhi Puram, was a relative of the victims.The two elderly women, Sarla Srivastava and Dev Chand Srivastava, were found strangled at former's Rabindra Palli house on February 18. Sarla's adopted children, son Ashish and daughter Ruchi, were not home at the time of the incident.Ashish's wife Anshu had gone to her parent's house in Ismailganj a day before the incident. Harshit, police said, was son of Anshu's elder sister Manorama Srivastava. He worked as a driver with one Rajeev Singh.Harshit used to frequent Sarla's house and would often leave his two-year-old son Ansh with Anshu. But, he had an eye on Sarla's jewellery and had even attempted to steal it in 2009, police said. On February 18, Harshit dropped Rajeev Singh's wife at the Army canteen. Harshit knew that Rajeev's wife would take at least two to three hours in the canteen.Harshit then reached Sarla's house in Rajeev's four-wheeler. Since Harshit was a regular visitor, Dev Chand allowed him to enter the room where Sarla was sitting.Harshit, police said, asked for Rs 2,000 from Sarla and then settled on Rs 500. But, this infuriated Sarla and she slapped him. Harshit then strangled Sarla. When Dev Chand came to rescue Sarla, he chased her to the drawing room and strangled her too. Harshit then took out jewellery from Sarla's almirah.In the meantime, when Rajeev's wife came out of the Army canteen and saw her four-wheeler missing , she called up her husband Rajeev, who in turn contacted Harshit on his mobile phone. The time was 12.02pm, when Harshit received the call.The location as per call detail record was also confirmed at Rabindra Palli.Harshit then left the spot, picked Rajeev's wife and dropped her home. He then kept all the jewellery in his motorcycle at his house in Sanjay Gandhi Puram.Strangely, when Ruchi came to his house to inform about the death of Sarla and Dev Chand, Harshit accompanied her to the Rabindra Palli house. He was also present before the police when the investigations were on. DIG DK Thakur told TOI that as per Harshit's statement he was alone in committing the crime. The jewellery looted by Harshit has been recovered from his possession, DIG said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12028014", "title": "Nearly 60% candidates in UP elections are graduates", "text": "LUCKNOW: With education being the buzzword for a younger electorate, politics in UP, it would appear, is turning a new leaf. According to an analysis of candidates' data by UP Election Watch, only seven candidates in the fray are illiterate. In contrast, 60% of the 2,195 candidates whose affidavits were scrutinised have a graduation or higher educational degree. In a first, UP elections has also seen 66 candidates with a doctorate degree entering the political fray.Congress, interestingly, stakes claim to the maximum numbers of doctorate candidates -19 in all- and also has the unique distinction of being the only major party to field two illiterate candidates, both women; one, Budhiya from Jyotiba Phule Nagar's Hasanpur constituency and the other, 65-year-old Kalawati from Ghazipur's Zamania constituency. Four illiterate candidates have been fielded by Janta Dal United and another by Peace Party in Baghpat's Chhaprauli constituency. There are other firsts in UP's 2012 assembly elections. First, the Election Commission added a record 53 lakh first-time voters to the electoral rolls. Now, an analysis of candidate profiles suggests 2012 has seen the highest number of candidates, aged less than 40 years, contesting the elections.A total of 597 candidates are testing political waters in UP's election 2012.Though the youth factor may have been articulated loudest in the Congress camp, the highest number of under-45 candidates has been fielded by Mayawati's Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP). She leads the category with 185 such candidates; Samajwadi Party is a distant second with 142 candidates in the under-45 age group. Congress, on the other hand, has finished fourth after Peace Party (131), having fielded 127 candidates under the age of 45 years. Interestingly, while all major parties - BJP, SP and Congress - have fielded at least one candidate above the age of 76 years, BSP is the only party to have no candidates in this age group.If education and age have played a crucial role in poll dynamics this year, battleground UP has also seen seasoned politicians multiplying their assets many times over. Among sitting MLA's recontesting in 2012, Janta Dal (United) candidate Kaushlendra Nath has seen an exponential growth in assets that could well be hard to explain. Nath, contesting from Balrampur's Tulsipur constituency has seen the highest percentage increase in assets - of a whopping 13074%. In 2007, he declared assets of Rs 51,940. This year, Nath's declared assets are worth Rs 68.42 lakh. He is followed by BSP's Chakia candidate Jitendra Kumar, whose assets jumped 7922% times from Rs 2.37 lakh in 2007 to Rs 1.90 crore in 2012. Samajwadi Party candidate Mahendra Singh Rajpoot from Etawah also registered an increase of 6021%, with his assets swelling from Rs 5.25 lakh in 2007 to Rs 3.21 crore this year.Rising fortunes notwithstanding, UP has also emerged as a land of extremes. On one hand, Agra South's Congress candidate Najir Ahmed has declared assets of a mind-boggling Rs 141 crore, on the other, Bundelkhand Congress' Babina candidate from Jhansi, Mahendra, has said he has zero movable and immovable assets. At least 20 other candidates, of the total analysed by UPEW, have declared total assets amounting to Rs 55,000 or less.Disproportionate distribution is not limited to assets alone. Representation of women candidates in the assembly elections has been poor again, with only 9%, or 594 of the total 6,850 candidates, being women. The trend continues from 2007, where 370 women candidates contested from a total 6086 candidates.Criminality in UP politics is the other factor that has not changed significantly in UP's 2012 polls. Out of these 2,195 analysed candidates, 759 (35%) have declared criminal antecedents, while 340 (16%) have serious criminal cases like murder, attempt to murder, theft, extortion and bribery pending against them. While Samajwadi Party has the highest number of criminal candidates --199 -- in its midst, BJP - with 144 -- ranks seconds and Congress third with 120 out 354 candidates having a tainted past. BSP, which ranks fourth, has fielded 131 candidates out of the total 403, who have pending criminal cases against them.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12027399", "title": "Punjab expresses dissatisfaction with draft water policy", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In its first cabinet meeting after the assembly elections, the cabinet members of SAD-BJP government met for a short meeting - which lasted for about 20 odd minutes - mainly to recommend dissolution of 13th state legislative assembly before the present team makes way for the new government after March 6.Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal, back from his week-long holiday in South Africa, presided over the meeting where the cabinet members expressed their dissatisfaction with the draft water policy, and rejected the upcoming National Counter Terrorism Council (NCTC), on grounds of their \"infringement on federal powers and rights of the states\".This comes a day before several Delhi and Punjab-based NGOs and social groups come together in Chandigarh on Saturday on the invitation of Internationalist Democratic Party (IDP) to discuss the draft water policy. This has also led the Punjab government to formulate a stand on the issue.However, the state government had already finalized its stand on the NCTC move because, before leaving for his holiday, Badal had described NCTC as \"a directly collaborationist measure by the Center in an attempt to usurp whatever is left of the states' authority in matters of governance. This also runs counter to the spirit of federal principle which is the dominant sentiment of all states and the people all over the country.\"Badal's son and Punjab's home minister Sukhbir Badal, who heads the SAD, had also said that he would meet heads of all regional and national parties to mobilize national opinion against the move. Sukhbir did not attend the cabinet meeting on Friday, which is believed to be the last meeting of the present government.Punjab government has meanwhile conveyed to the Center that the \"state governments are much better equipped to deal with terrorism, both in terms of ground-level intelligence gathering apparatus and fighting capacity of their security forces. Past record shows that the central agencies have failed to deal with the scourge of terrorism as effectively as they should have done,\" and that the \"Center wants to deal with it in a remote control fashion, which is not understandable both administratively and principally.\"Meanwhile, prime Minister Manmohan Singh has reportedly written a letter to the CM in order to allay state's fears on NCTC. The thinly attended meeting, where about 10 odd ministers, besides the CM, were present, also gave ex-post facto approval to some administrative decisions, including an additional government of Punjab (GoP) guarantee worth Rs 1,500 crore to the Punjab State Power Corporation Limited (PSPCL) during 2011-2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12027274", "title": "Reliance SEZ issue triggers debate in Haryana Vidhan Sabha", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Vidhan Sabha speaker Kuldeep Sharma on Friday disallowed a call attention motion on the issue of shelving the SEZ project in Gurgaon by the Reliance group. However, the issue remained alive in the discussion on governor's address in the assembly on Friday.Ambala Cantt MLA and leader of BJP legislature party, Anil Vijh, had moved the call attention motion on February 21 seeking a statement from Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda on the issue. The motion was disallowed on the grounds that the subject matter was not of recent occurrence. This resulted in a walkout by BJP legislators and HJC MLA Renuka Bishnoi.Initiating the discussion on governor's address, Ambala city MLA and former Union minister Venod Sharma lauded the role of government in tackling issues faced by people. In his address, INLD supremo Om Prakash Chautala blamed the Hooda government for misleading the masses, especially while referring to the Gurgaon SEZ. Heated arguments ensued as parliamentary affairs minister Randeep Surjewala came out with details, stating that erstwhile INLD government had initiated the process for setting up the SEZ in 2003.Except for the issue related to completion of Hansi Butana canal, there were heated arguments between opposition and treasury benches over every question. However, surprisingly, a question related to judicial probe into Ambala school van tragedy wherein 13 children of primary classes had died, failed to be part of discussion.There was pandemonium as BJP's Anil Vijh sought to know the fate of calling attention motions over Reliance Haryana SEZ and discontent in Haryana Police force over wages. INLD leader Om Parkash Chautala sought adjournment motion over the issue of law and order situation in the state, which was however rejected by speaker Kuldeep Sharma, which resulted in a walkout by INLD MLAs.BoxPoints of order galoreLeader of opposition Om Parkash Chautala had to face disruptions due to points of order raised by Congress MLAs, especially chief parliametnary secretaries Ram Kishan Fauji, Anita Yadav, parliamentary affairs minister Randeep Surjewala and Badli MLA Naresh Sharma. There were more than ten points of order raised by MLAs during Chautala's discussion which lasted over one hour. This forced Chautala to say, \"Speaker sahib, please check if there is anymore points of order by MLAs.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12026745", "title": "Medical tests of 450 ST drivers held", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) conducted medical tests of 450 drivers from the Swargate and Shivajinagar bus depots. None of the drivers have shown any symptoms related to psychological disorders, said the doctors.However, some of the drivers, suffering from hypertension, high blood pressure and sugar levels, have been asked to undergo further tests.Senior depot manager of Swargate V S Divte told TOI, \"The move follows the rampage by ST driver Santosh Mane at Swargate on January 25. There were reports that Mane had undergone treatment under a psychiatrist. However, we were not aware of this, since Mane had neither given any updates about his treatment, nor had he shown any symptoms of the condition.\"\"After the January 25 incident, we received instructions from the head office to conduct medical tests of the drivers. All drivers underwent tests barring those who were on long leave,\" Divte added.MSRTC's honorary divisional medical officer Anita Joshi, who conducted the medical tests, said, \"We medically examined drivers at special camps organised at the Swargate and Shivajinagar bus depots. The drive started from February 11 and continued for eight to 10 days, without disturbing the normal routine of the drivers. We checked their blood pressure, sugar levels and took their stress tests. We discussed their medical history, habits of chewing tobacco and sleep patterns.\"\"Some drivers complained about stress and bodyache related to driving. Also, the drivers have taken the mental stress issue very seriously and were cooperative during the sessions. Personal sheet of every driver is being maintained, while some of them have been asked to come back for follow-ups,\" said Joshi.She said a report pertaining to the medical tests and observations is being prepared and would soon be submitted to the MSRTC authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12028193", "title": "\u2018Prolonged depression leads to suicidal tendency in students\u2019", "text": "VARANASI: The BHU campus is yet to come to terms from the shocking incident of suicide by its second-year MD (anaesthesia) student, Sumit Garg, on Wednesday. In this year till date, three meritorious students, including a girl, of BHU have committed suicide. The series of suicides has also left the psychiatrists pondering over the ways to curb the suicidal tendency and depression among the students.A number of factors could lead to depression but suicidal tendency is the culmination of the phase from where the sufferer loses interest in life. It is also a very dangerous situation as negative feelings take precedence over positive opinions and the person decides to end his life. One needs to deal with the situation carefully and people making statements like 'life has no meaning for me' or 'life is not beautiful' should not be ignored, said Dr Sanjay Gupta, a senior psychiatrist at BHU, on Thursday.Saying that a psychiatrist needs to be renamed as a family doctor, ensuring the easy access besides facilitating the process of recovery from the situation, Dr Gupta, who also runs Khushali-Ek Prayas, a stress management programme for people especially students, emphasised that the role of attendants (people who remain close to the sufferers) becomes paramount in controlling the situation. It is not the sufferer who approaches the psychiatrists, but the close relatives, roommates or neighbours who must initiate the process for early recovery from the situation, he added on the occasion.It may be mentioned here that the World Health Organisation (WHO) has already identified depression (mental illness) as the fourth largest cause of death and it is projected to become the leading cause of death in the next decade. In addition, as per a WHO report, the most vulnerable section would comprise of youths, consisting of people in the age group of 18 to 40 years.Terming the suicide of Sumit Garg, a bright MD student as unfortunate, L D Mishra, a senior professor at the department of anaesthesiology, BHU, said that it was even more unfortunate that the department lost two of its bright students, including a girl student. It is also true that the students of anaesthesia have easy access to anaesthetic drugs and hectic course work and examinations leave the students stretched, but the depression and suicidal tendency are governed by many other factors that include personal, family and other problems, he added.It is worth mentioning that apart from Sumit Garg, Satyendra Singh, an MTech (VI semester) student of Institute of Technology at Banaras Hindu University (IT-BHU), had committed suicide by hanging himself with the ceiling of his room in Dhanraj Giri Hostel on the varsity campus on January 17 this year. Earlier on January 13, a BSc III-year student, Monika Verma, had committed suicide in a similar style in her room of a private hostel in Nariya area this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12026183", "title": "GSHSEB executive committee poll held", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After eight years, elections were held at Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board ( GSHSEB) to elect its members of executive committee on Friday. Nearly 15 officials of various government departments were issued a whip to vote for the BJP-supported candidates, sources said. Nidit Barot, a Congress-supported candidate, withdrew his nomination at the last moment, triggering various speculations. Priyavadan Korat, another Congress-backed candidate contested the election but was defeated. BJP had propped up Saurabh Patel, a trustee of a city-based school. Interestingly, Patel's father Premji Patel was jailed before three years in a ghost students and ghost class case. He had rendered 400 teachers surplus in vocational courses in his own school. Besides Saurabh Patel, others who were elected were Ghanshyam Patel, Rajesh Desai, Piyush Shah, Jaiprakash Patel, Shailesh Patel and Lalit Gosai.The members have already been declared elected uncontested for the exam committee, finance committee and education committee. Meanwhile, the general body of the school board passed the annual budget for 2012-13. The executive committee is significant as it takes all the major decisions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12027000", "title": "37 raids to bust fake drug racket", "text": "PATNA: Health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey said in the state assembly on Friday that the department has been taking action to prevent the sale of substandard or fake drugs by pharmaceutical agencies in the state, including in Patna.Choubey, who was giving government's reply to the short-notice question of Awaneesh Kumar Singh, said that as many as 37 raids had been conducted on various establishments in the state, including in Patna. Of them, three raids had been conducted in Patna with support from local police, while drug inspectors had conducted raids in the remaining 34 instances. The Patna police had conducted three raids last year in seven months beginning January.According to him, health department had asked the Patna police to furnish information if any official of the health department's drug control wing was in league with the pharmaceutical agencies engaged in selling substandard or fake drugs. He, replying to the supplementary question of Congress member Sadanand Singh, said that it was due to the department's initiative that the Patna police had been furnishing information on raids.When leader of opposition Abdul Bari Siddiqui sought to know about the existing infrastructure in the state to test the quality of medicines, Choubey said that a drug testing laboratory existed in Patna and, in special cases, it was done through laboratories at Hyderabad, Kolkata and Chennai. He also said that the department was considering the idea to open drug testing laboratories at divisional headquarters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12028226", "title": "New revenue sources leave Pune Municipal Corporation cold", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) continues to depend heavily on octroi, property tax and development charges for revenue. It has balked at opting for land monetisation, public-private partnerships, build-operate-transfer models and introduction of new tax systems like local body tax to generate revenue, as suggested in last year's budget.On why the PMC has not tapped new revenue resources, municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak said: \"We are focusing on the revenue collection and backlog.\"In the draft budget of Rs 3,290.66 crore for 2012-13, the share of octroi is 41% (Rs 1,357.50 crore), while property tax is 15% (Rs 611.86 crore) and development charges is 17% (Rs 586 crore). Octroi is on the verge of being abolished by the state.Last year's budget had suggested land monetisation to make optimum use of land to extract revenue, along with a local body tax. It also suggested other options for revenue generations. Traders have repeatedly demanded abolition of octroi in municipal corporations, saying that it hits their business.They claim that the octroi system amounts to loss of fuel and time due to prolonged detention of vehicles at check-posts. Trade organisations say that the value added tax (VAT) would compensate the civic body for the abolition of octroi.The government has appointed three different committees to look into the issue in the past 20 years, but a decision is yet to be taken. Most state governments have withdrawn octroi about five years ago when the value added tax (VAT) was introduced. However, octroi is still being collected in major cities of Maharashtra, such as Mumbai, Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12027424", "title": "BJP in tough fight to retain Fort Lucknow, minus Atal", "text": "LUCKNOW: The frenzied campaigning in the city finally came to an end on Friday, and as the decibel levels dropped, two questions hung in the air: how will the BJP fare minus Atal Bihari Vajpayee? And, will the city shake off its lethargy and venture out to vote in large numbers on Sunday?Vajpayee represented Lucknow in the Lok Sabha from 1991 to 2009, a long innings, and while he was still at the crease, BJP scored consistently, even though its run rate fell over the years. The saffron party is now up against an aggressive Congress, a formidable Samajwadi Party and the ruling BSP whose leader Mayawati claims she has converted Lucknow into Paris.While SP has been BJP's main challenger in the past elections, Congress came second in the 2009 Lok Sabha elections and bagged the Lucknow West assembly seat in the by-elections that year. By then Vajpayee had called it a day. His last election appearance was during the 2007 assembly polls when he addressed a public meeting in Aliganj. Since 1991, BJP had swept all the four seats in the city. Despite discontent against the local MLAs, people kept on voting the BJP because of Vajpayee's charm. The resentment, however, was visible in the form of declining poll percentage: from 49.05% in 1996 it dipped to 42.27% in 2002 and was down to 36.35% in 2007.When Vajpayee retired from active politics in 2009, BJP gave the ticket to his disciple Lalji Tandon in the Lok Sabha elections. Tandon was then MLA from Lucknow West assembly seat. Tandon won the 2009 Lok Sabha poll but only by about 40,000 votes, which was much less than Vajpayee's usual lakh-plus margin. In the subsequent by-poll after Tandon vacated the seat, Congress beat BJP, though the turnout was only 28%.This time, post-delimitation, the number of assembly seats has gone up to five. Major political parties have put up candidates keeping the urban middle-class voter-profile in mind. For example, while BJP has fielded national vice-president Kalraj Mishra from Lucknow East, SP has given a ticket to former IIM-Ahemdabad academic Abhishek Mishra from Lucknow North and Congress has asked UPCC chief Rita Bahugana Joshi to contest from Lucknow Cantonment.Many feel that in the absence of the Vajpayee charm, all political parties have got a level playing field this time. While polls promises like free laptops and unemployment allowance and quotas are being debated, the credentials of candidates are also being scrutinised threadbare. \"The interest taken by the people in the election so far indicates that turnout will increase,\" said Sumit Singh, a lecturer in a degree college.Corruption seems to be the main issue among people. \"In Mayawati's regime, the city got a few flyovers, a sewerage treatment plant to keep Gomti clean and the third waterworks to improve water supply. The law and order was better compared to previous governments. Hazratganj was renovated and dalit memorials added to city's grandeur, but people talk more about corruption in her rule. It has overshadowed the work done by her,\" said Ritu Shukla, a private executive.Hyperlocal issues are also influencing people. Ravi Prakash, a resident of Mahanagar, said, \"One may call it a class bias but majority in the urban middle class consider the grand dalit memorials built by Mayawati a waste of money. It could have been used to improve roads which are in a bad shape.\" Saddan Miyan, a trader in Aminabad, said, \"Dalit memorials and Muslim quota are fine but what about waterlogging due to poor drainage system in the old city? We are living in hell.\"A sense of resentment against the Maya regime could translate into a higher voter turnout in the city. Equally, an increase in the number of young voters could lead to a higher voting percentage on Sunday. The city has an electorate of around 30.30 lakh, of which 3.0% are first-time voters in the age group of 18-21 years. \"Many of us took part in Anna Hazare's movement and want change in the system. The movement might have hit a roadblock but we are still charged up and will not be swayed by any charm or caste and communal appeal,\" said Dheeraj Bhatt, an undergraduate student.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "12026565", "title": "Marriage of students in school triggers row", "text": "KORAPUT: The Rayagada district administration on Friday initiated an inquiry into the reported marriage between two minor tribals at a state-run residential school. The marriage was allegedly conducted by the school authorities at Kailashpur sevashram, which is about 25 km from Rayagada town, in Rayagad's Kolnara block on February 14.\"I have received a complain regarding the marriage of two students. The project administrator of ITDA Rayagada has been sent to the sevashram to inquire into the matter and to submit an inquiry report within 24 hours,\" said Rayagada collector Nitin Bhanudas Jawle. \"If the allegations are found to be true, then stringiest legal action will be taken against the offenders,\" he added.Sources said a 16-year-old Class X student was in love with a 13-year-old girl studying in Class VIII in the same sevashram, which is run by the state government's SC and ST development department.The two had run away from the sevashram on February 9. They were traced by the school authorities two days later near Jamadeipentha, about 45 km from the sevashram. The school authorities kept the girl at the home of the hostel warden and informed their respective parents about the incident, sources added.The girl's parents refused to accept the girl after the incident, prompting the school authorities to draft a marriage contract for the two lovers. They then got it signed by around 40 students and some officials of the sevashram as witnesses on Valentine's Day on February 14. \"The two are in love and don't want to live separately. Hence forth they will be identified as husband and wife and are free to live anywhere of their choice,\" the agreement read.According to sources, the two are at present staying at the boy's home at Besiapada village in Bissamkatak block. Condemning the incident, social activist said that sevashrams had landed in controversy several times over alleged sexual harassment of girls by school authorities. This \"shocking incident\", however, had come to fore for the first time in the district, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12026159", "title": "Maharishi college, BU face-off", "text": "BHOPAL: The Barkatullah University, Bhopal, and the Maharishi Centre For Educational Excellence (MCEE), Lambakheda are at loggerheads over cancellation of admissions in B Ed course. The MCEE has termed the varsity move as \"misleading and mala fide\".The varsity, on the other hand, maintained that it ordered cancellation of admissions in 2005-06 years after inquiry.In a statement issued, Dr TPS Kandra, director of Maharishi Institute, termed the statement of BU registrar Dr Sanjay Tiwari completely false and prejudiced, aimed to damage the reputation of the institution.\"In a notification issued on February 23, the BU cancelled the candidature of 100 B Ed students of Maharishi College, Lambakheda, who had appeared in the exam in the 2005-06 session.The BU had issued a notification on February 23 cancelling the admissions. Dr Tiwari backed the varsity decision stating that it was taken after an inquiry into the irregularities in admissions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12026199", "title": "Sallu's Ahmedabad bodyguard arrested for loot attempt", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Salman Khan's bodyguard has been arrested for loot. Not just Salman Khan, Surendrasinh Bhati used to be hired to guard Bollywood starlets Shahrukh Khan , Shilpa Shetty and Akshay Kumar and others when they visited Ahmedabad on promotional tours.Bhati was arrested by crime branch officials on Friday along with accomplices Mahendrasinh Bhati and Dilipsinh Kalal for breaking into Alpana Bungalow in Shahibaug owned by Aadarsh Jhaveri, who belongs to the renowned textile business family in the city.Interestingly, Surendrasinh used to earn Rs 30,000 a month for offering his services as a bouncer with Red Focus Protection Services. He is financially well off and comes to work in a car! He was convinced by Mahendrasinh, the alleged brain behind the loot, using his Rajasthan origin as common link to accompany them for the break-in as there was a need of a well-built, muscleman who can overpower security if need arose.The break-in happened on the night of August 21, 2011, when the owners were away for a vacation at Mount Abu. Four people, their faces masked with bandanas, broke into the bungalow opposite the circuit house annexe in Shahibaug.The intruders overpowered security guard Rasik Patel and tied the hands, feet and gagged his mouth. Meanwhile, another guard came to the rescue and started yelling for help. Since there was a religious function happening in the building next door, a group of 50 people ran towards the bungalow which scared the looters who escaped. A police complaint was, however, filed against unnamed miscreants.Months later, police inspector of crime branch R R Sarvaiya got a tip-off that a Rajasthan-based gang which specializes in home break-ins has come to Naroda. The gang was rounded up by the crime branch. Investigations revealed that Mehendrasinh Bhati used to work as a domestic help in the Jhaveri household. He got in touch with his brethren from Rajasthan and decided to break into the houses, faces masked with bandanas to prevent the security guard from identifying him.Sarvaiya said that Surendrasinh was hired for giving muscle power to the gang. Crime branch officials said that arrested will be questioned and all seven accused in the loot will be rounded up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12027652", "title": "Mother kills child, attempts suicide", "text": "BANGALORE: Dejected over financial crisis, a 26-year-old woman allegedly strangled her six-year-old daughter to death before trying to commit suicide by hanging herself in her house in Balajinagar slum in Ittamadu, Chennamanakere Achchukattu, on Friday morning. Ramiza Masthan is battling for life in the intensive care unit ( ICU) of KIMS Hospital.\"There was no suicide note. She has been depressed ever since her husband Masthan died of illness three years ago. Since then, Ramiza has been doing odd jobs to earn a living,'' police said. Neighbours recollect seeing her on Thursday night. \"They alleged that she strangled her daughter Shamika in the morning and hung herself. But the weak ceiling came down crashing. On hearing the noise, neighbours rushed to the spot and called us,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "12031070", "title": "Amarnath pilgrims will now need to carry medical certificate", "text": "JAMMU: With many Amarnath-bound pilgrims losing their lives due to health problems, the board managing the yatra has decided that devotees will now onwards produce a medical certificate at the time of registration.The decision to this effect was taken a high-level meeting of the Shri Amarnath Shrine Board (SASB) chaired by Jammu and Kashmir Governor N N Vohra last evening, an official spokesperson said.During the meeting, loss of life of pilgrims due to cardiac arrest was discussed.\"The Board noted that a growingly large number of pilgrims have been losing their lives during the pilgrimage, particularly due to cardiac related ailments. As many as 45, 68 and 107 people had lost their lives in 2009, 2010 and 2011 Yatras, respectively.\"In this context, the Board observed that time had come to consider a more effective approach and decide that every person seeking registration to undertake the yatra must furnish a health certificate issued by a Registered Medical Practitioner ( RMP).\"The Board noted that the enforcement of such a pre-condition had also been advised by the National Disaster Management Authority ( NDMA),\" the spokesperson said.This year, the yatra will be for 37 days beginning from June 25 and will conclude on August two coinciding with Raksha Bandhan as has been recommended by a sub-committee of SASB headed by Sri Sri Ravi Shanker .The Board further directed that all possible efforts should be made, in coordination with all concerned agencies, to make a timely assessment to determine whether it would be feasible to consider advancing the Yatra by a few days, prior to June 25.\"Consequent to detailed deliberations, the Board accepted the recommendations of the Sri Sri Ravi Shankar sub-Committee and directed the CEO of the Board to timely commence the registration of pilgrims and ensure the effective management of the Yatra which would commence on June 25 and conclude on Raksha Bandhan on August two,\" the spokesperson said.Referring to the helicopter services from Pahalgam to Panjtarni, which were started in 2009 on experimental basis for about two weeks before conclusion of yatra, the Board said heli services had been gainfully utilised by over 5000 yatris every year during the 2010 and 2011 yatras.The CEO informed that fresh contractual arrangements for the helicopter services from Baltal and Pahalgam to Panjtarni are being worked out and the schedules and rates would be notified shortly, the spokesman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12026340", "title": "In two months, WR books 1.5L ticketless travellers", "text": "MUMBAI: WR has booked nearly 1.5 lakh passengers for ticketless travelling since January 2012. This is a record number of cases-almost 30% more than the number of cases during the same period last year.WR chief PRO, Sharat Chandrayan said there was a campaign initiated against ticketlless travellers from the first week of January. \"We recovered Rs 4.59 crore as fines, which is huge for such a short period,\"he said. Similarly, 217 cases of illegal transfer of reserved tickets were detected on long-distance trains during the same period and an amount of Rs 1.84 lakh recovered as fines from passengers who were found travelling on tickets booked on another's name. Chandrayan said, \"We kept a watch on beggars and unauthorized hawkers who are not allowed to linger on the platforms or enter suburban and long-distance trains. More than 937 beggars/hawkers were apprehended, fined and evicted from railway premises.\" Sources however said beggars, eunuchs and hawkers usually came back on platforms by bribing GRP officals.The chief PRO added that 158 checks were conducted on touts and other anti-social elements. \"This is the peak season for touts as there is a rush for bookings for the summer vacation. They are found at Churchgate, Mumbai Central, Andheri, Borivli and other stations. We appeal to passengers not to buy tickets from them,\" he stated. The railway special squad apprehended 754 touts. .\"The WR urges rail users to buy tickets and avoid being caught by a ticket checker,\" said a senior official. The ticket checking staff have been directed to intensify checks in the next two weeks. \"We have deployed women ticket checkers to ensure that illegal hawkers and beggars do not enter women's compartments,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12028328", "title": "Diesel excise duty sop to affect revenues", "text": "MANGALORE: The Central Excise and Service Tax Commissionerate here is likely to fall short of the revenue target for 2011-12 -- pegged at Rs 5,606 crore for central excise -- as the revenue collected up to January this year has been at Rs 2,840.46 crore. Last year, the commissionerate had collected Rs 4,960 crore, making it the ninth top revenue-yielding commissionerate in the country.However, the commissionerate is likely to meet the target in respect of service tax for 2011-12, which is Rs 351 crore, as it has collected Rs 257.94 crore up to January this year.During 2010-11, the commissionerate had collected Rs 260 crore of service tax.M V S Choudary, commissioner of central excise and service tax, said the major reason for shortfall this fiscal would be exemption of basic excise duty on diesel oil (from June 25 last year), resulting in projected revenue loss of Rs 1,250 crore as also due to MRPL utilizing more Cenvat credit this year as compared to last year.He hoped the department would get substantial revenue from MRPL after the commencement of commercial production once Phase III of the project is complete.The major revenue-yielding commodities of Mangalore Commissionerate have been petroleum products, ores and slags, and iron and steel products.In respect of services, they are banking and financial services, port services, storage and warehousing service and works contract service.Choudary said the anti-evasion team of the department had cracked down on tax evaders and unearthed duty evasion of Rs 1.50 crore in five central excise cases. The team has also been successful in detecting service tax evasion of Rs 6.66 crore in 35 cases, and recovering Rs 2.68 crore till date. The modus operandi adopted by the tax evaders were: collection of service tax from their clients, but not declaring and paying to the department; rendering of taxable service without obtaining registration, and payment of service tax and misinterpretation of exemption notifications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12026650", "title": "Lokayukta cops raid sub-registrar offices, find cash", "text": "BANGALORE: Lokayukta police on Friday raided five sub-registrar offices in the city, including the Jayanagar and Kengeri offices.The day-long searches and raids yielded cash, found in excess of the fee paid by the public for registering their properties and documents. The cash was being counted, and searches were on late into the evening. \"We will come to know the exact figures transacted legally and illegally in these offices only after a couple of days,\" a source in the Lokayukta police said.The searches were conducted by four deputy SPs HS Manjunath, Girish, Abdul Ahad and Prasanna V Raju. Sources also stated that some touts who used to frequent the government office premises and strike deals with the public to get their documents registered, are being questioned. \"We are also recording the statements of touts who act as agents of the government servants,\" sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12027002", "title": "UK to shop for Nashik vendors", "text": "NASHIK: Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd and the UK are the two major players looking at striking business deals with local vendors to outsource its requirements during the four-day industrial expo that started today here on Friday.The expo-NIMA Index: 2012-organized by the Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association will see these deals fructifying during the business meets from Saturday.Both HAL and the British high commission will meet with at least 100 small and medium enterprises, who plan to take on outsourcing work.\"NIMA supports the development and growth of industries in Nashik by organizing various activities for the benefits of member industries. We have organized a three-day networking programme-NIMA Business Meet: 2012-to bring both buyer and seller together directly on the same platform to have long-term business association,\" Milind Chincholikar, chairman of the business meet organising committee, said.\"The participants will be given five minutes time for power point presentation in front of the corporate about their product or activity profile if they desire. There will be time allocation for each participant to interact with corporates for their business promotion after power point presentation,\" he said.Earlier, the 11th edition four-day triennial exhibition was inaugurated by HAL general manager (aircraft manufacturing division) P S Roy in the presence of Nashik division's Central Excise and Customs commissioner I P Lal. At least 270 large and small and medium enterprises are participating and showcasing their products at the expo that is spread over nine acre of Dongre Hostel Grounds.Prominent industries participating in the expo include Mahindra &amp; Mahindra, Mahindra Powerol, Atlas Copco , Thermax Ltd, Volkswagen, Toyota, Hindustan National Glass &amp; Industries Ltd, Taparia Tools, Nilkamal Ltd, Chopda Industries and CTR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12027904", "title": "GMC team wins Idea Inquizitive Goa, 2012 title", "text": "PANAJI: When knowledge was put to test, the Goa Medical College (GMC) team shone the brightest at the 'Idea presents Inquizitive Goa, All Goa Inter-Collegiate Quiz - 2012.' Adish Talwadkar and Anant Lawande of GMC, Bambolim took home two laptops for cutting competition to size with their sharp minds.After rigorous tests conducted across north and south Goa colleges, pairs from four north Goa and four south Goa colleges made it to the semifinals held on Friday of the quiz contest organized by The Times of India. Two of the sharpest teams from each zone were pitted against each another for the final round later the same evening.While the GIM team won the second place and was presented with two handicams as prizes, the Padre Conceicao College of Engineering (PCCE), Verna, team took the third spot and won two digital cameras.Aditya Desai and Prithviraj Gupta of Goa Institute of Management (GIM), Sanquelim; Divya Ramaswamy and Kenny Silveira of Dhempe College, Miramar; Nikhil Shirsat and Digvijay Malik of D M's College, Assagao; and the GMC team competed in the north Goa semifinals. The GMC and the GIM teams emerged clear winners in the round.In the south Goa semifinals, Angad Chahal and Himanshu Nainani of PCCE; Akshay Naik and Sachin Minashi of ISBT, Vasco; Marvell Deniz and Samay Shetti of Government Polytechnic, Curchorem; Elvis Moraes and Naeem Sheikh of Shree Damodar College, Margao competed for the two south Goa final spots. After a neck-to-neck fight, PCCE and Shree Damodar College teams emerged as the two south Goa contestants for 'Idea presents Inquizitive Goa, 2012' title.Quizmaster Rajiv D'Silva kept the event lively for the audience and made the competition a tough one for the participating teams. After over three-hour long fight, the GMC team finally went home as the winners of the contest by proving their knowledge and quizzing skills beyond doubt.Prizes to the winners were presented by Vikram Bahl, zonal business manager at Idea Cellular and Ashit Singh, brand head of Idea Cellular for Goa and Maharashtra circle.There were plenty of spot prizes too in store for the audience by Bharne Creations, Hotel Fidalgo, Dream Spa, Time Collection and Idea Cellular.The event began with Goa University vice-chancellor, Dilip Deobagkar, lighting the traditional lamp. Addressing the students, Deobagkar said, \"Quiz competitions are important to keep challenging yourself and to keep one on his toes. I thank the organizers for involving all my students from across the state in the quiz competition and I congratulate all the students who participated for their efforts.\" Ashit Singh of Idea Cellular, commending the quiz organizers The Times of India, said, \"Idea believes in encouraging young minds and this is a wonderful initiative.\"Radio Mirchi was the radio partner for the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12027564", "title": "Did captain Vitelli fuel piracy paranoia on board?", "text": "KOCHI: What role did captain Umberto Vitelli, master of Enrica Lexie, played in events that preceded the shooting down of two fishermen on February 15?This question is being relooked at by the Kerala police as the murder at mid-sea incident slowly takes its own course through various courtrooms. The scrutiny is being prompted following a plea filed by marines - Latorre Massimiliano and Salvatore Girone - in the High Court urging the court to quash the FIR against them.The petition clearly stated that the master of the vessel had set a perfect anti-piracy drill on board before the marines took position and engaged \"the pirates\". He had set into motion the alarm, flash lights and horns. Police think this would have triggered the alarm for launching the attack on the fishermen. \"'The master of the vessel increased the speed of the ship to 14 knots (about 28 km/per hour) and reduced the speed to 13 knots once the piracy attack was averted,\" the statement said.\"The master also activated Ship Alert Security System (SASS) which sent out signals to the Italian Maritime Rescue and Coordination Centre (MRCC). The master also reported the incident on the mercury chart which links together and transfers information to the community including several navies across the world fighting piracy, including to the Indian Navy headquarters. The 'Military Report' was also done. A report was sent to MSCHOA at UK. Since the attempted attack was averted, the vessel continued on its scheduled course of journey,\" the affidavit said.A top police official said they were not ruling out the possibility of including one more as accused in the case other than the two marines. Director general of prosecutions T Asaf Ali said the case is being investigated and \"we are in the process of identifying the role of each person in the incident. Nothing could be divulged at this moment as it will adversely affect the probe.\"According to Hari Narayan, governing council member of Maritime Law Association of India, \"military report\" was an official communication sent by the vessel to the flag state of the vessel, the coastal state, the Coast Guard and the Navy when pirates attack. Clause 5(2) of the agreement entered into between the Italian government and the vessel owner for deploying the Italian naval marines on board states that when it comes operational activities the captain has no role\". The moot point, however, is whether the marines over-reacted given the level of preparedness on board and whether the captain was responsible for escalating the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12030750", "title": "A dream come true for Rohit Nair", "text": "Mumbai-based Rohit Nair, who is debuting in S P Mahesh's Abhiyum Njanum, is a hard-core movie buff.And it is no big surprise that his favourite actor is superstar Mohanlal. \"I never get bored of watching Mohanlal's Narasimham. His dialogues are power-packed that every time I watch his movies I am awestruck,\" he says.Rohit is happy to have finally made an entry into tinsel town. \"Movies have been on my mind for long. And it's a dream come true,\" says the MBA student. However, he doesn't have any foundation in acting.So, before joining the cast of Abhiyum Njanum, he took a crash course in acting. \"Initially, I was not comfortable facing the camera, but not anymore. The whole team have been very supportive too,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12025437", "title": "Man hurt in celebratory gunfire at west Delhi wedding", "text": "NEW DELHI: A celebratory shot during a wedding in Mundka grazed past a man's head. The man escaped with minor injuries, cops said. The victim Sandeep Puri is a manager in a private company in Moti Nagar. He lives in Rohini, police said.The incident took place around 11pm on Thursday night. The man was taken to a private nursing home and discharged sometime later, cops said. A case has been registered under the IPC and investigation is on. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12031786", "title": "Nitish declines comment on Katju's remarks about press freedom", "text": "PATNA: Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar on Saturday declined to comment on Press Council chairman Justice Markandey Katju's statement that the press did not enjoy freedom in the state and was harassed if they wrote against the government.\"I am not required to offer any comment,\" Kumar told reporters on the sidelines of the 87th foundation day of the Patna Medical College Hospital here.However, health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey, who was also present said, \"Press enjoys full freedom in Bihar\".\"We will congratulate Katjusaheb if he sees only the issue of freedom of press instead of finding out what is happening in Bihar and the steps taken by Nitish Kumar for development with justice in the state,\" he said.Meanwhile, Katju today said that he was not worried about controversies over his statements and would act after receiving feedback about the freedom of the press in Bihar.\"If people describe my statement as controversial, let them say it. But I will do what I have to do after receiving the feedback,\" he added. Reiterating that he would send a fact-finding team to the state, Katju told newsmen, \"Whatever I have said is based on the feedback I received ... I have the feedback that things are not good in Bihar. The Constitution provides for freedom of expression and freedom of press ... Any government or institution trying to violate the Constitution cannot be tolerated ... No government is above or below the Constitution.\"Katju gets support from RJD, CPI (ML)RJD chief Lalu Prasad Yadav and CPI(ML) Bihar state secretary Nand Kishore Prasad, however, came out in support of Katju. Lalu said that the Press Council chairman said only things that were correct while Nand Kishore Prasad today described as 'absolutely true' refering to Justice Katju's recent comment on press freedom in Bihar.\"Katju's remarks on freedom of press under attack in Bihar is absolutely near truth\", Prasad said in a press statement.The media is passing through the \"most bad phase\" in Bihar under Nitish Kumar's rule, he claimed.The policy on advertisements adopted by the Nitish Kumar government had adversely affected freedom of expression as media houses have been 'compelled to bow down before the government which is most dangerous for democracy', he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12027584", "title": "You are free to quit, BJP tells BSY camp", "text": "BANGALORE: Crushing B S Yeddyurappa's comeback dreams, the BJP central leadership on Friday made it clear to the former chief minister that dissidents are free to quit the party. It was a clear, direct message to Yeddyurappa.Ruling out any change in leadership in the state, BJP national president Nitin Gadkari declared at a chintan-manthan baithak of legislators , ministers and other party leaders here: \"The BJP is a cadre-based party, not anyone's property. Those who are planning to leave the party tomorrow can do so today itself. We know how to build the party.\"The declaration came a couple of hours after Gadkari is believed to have told Yeddyurappa at a one-on-one meeting that he should not nurse any comeback ambitions till he comes clean in the corruption cases.Yeddyurappa had on Thursday issued an ultimatum to the party that if he is not reinstated as chief minister, he would decide his action plan on February 27, his 69th birthday.Gadkari told reporters after the meeting: \"We have some reservations over the Lokayukta report. Yeddyurappa has challenged it in court. The less said the better about the governor and other issues. The party will surely reward him with a position as soon as he clears his name. The Sadananda Gowda government is continuing the good work of its predecessor, Yeddyurappa government, in all sectors Our next aim is to ensure we retain the Udupi-Chikmagalur Lok Sabha seat in bypoll.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12031065", "title": "Working with Abhinaya is an experience in itself: Kailash", "text": "The actor, who teams up with the Nadodigal actress for the first time in The Reporter, is all praise for herShe can't speak; she can't hear. This ain't no acting - that's Abhinaya for you. The youngster, who wowed the audience with her acting prowess in the popular Tamil flick Nadodigal, has now left her The Reporter co-star Kailash spellbound.\"Working with Abhinaya is an experience in itself,\" he begins. \"Most of my scenes in the film are with her. She can't hear; but it never comes through as an impediment in her portrayal of her character. She can't speak; but the way she has lip-synced is so good that she is bound to leave all impressed,\" Kailash says.Besides Kailash and Abhinaya, the suspense thriller directed by Venugopan also has Samuthirakani and Ananya doing prominent roles. The film is slated for a mid-April release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12026957", "title": "'Tatyasaheb' fondly remembered", "text": "NASHIK: The Kusumagraj Pratisthan, founded by Jnanpith award winner and Marathi poet and playwright, Vishnu Waman Shirwadkar alias Kusumagraj, will draw a final curtain on his birth centenary celebrations with a string of musical, cultural and literary programmes on February 26 and 27. The Pratisthan carries forward his legacy and name even after more than a decade after his death. He himself established Kusumagraj Pratishthan in the 1990's to nurture and enhance literary and cultural activities in Nashik.Very few writers in Marathi like Tatyasaheb, as he is fondly known, are remembered after their death as their successors either do not have the wherewithal or necessary manpower to continue the legacy. But Tatyasaheb, as he is fondly known, is an exception in the sense that he had a huge circle, of friends and with and well-wishers everywhere. They have fond memories and are happy to be associated with any work assigned to them concerning Tatya. The birth centenary of Tatya, which began on Februrary 27 Feb last year and is concludesing on Monday, should therefore be viewed in this perspective.A poem titled 'Mazya Matiche Gayan' will be presented via dance, music and narration. by by anchors, Kishor Pathak and Sadanand Joshi with dance by Sumukhi Athani, and Sukhada Behere, Pranjali Birari and Milind Dhatingan with music by Makarand HinganeThis presentation will be followed by a performance from After this show, renowned music director and singer Shreedhar Phadke who will entertain the audience with such songs to to whichTatyasaheb had scored the music. and finallyA CD of Tatya's very famous poem that inspired the freedom fighters in the 1940's, 'Garja Jayjaykar', will also be released.The celebration will continue the On the following day, next day (February 27, the Nashikites will be further treated to a with an even richer cultural display dish as the early morning of Nashik will begin with a Shehnai wadan by celebrated shehnai player and disciple of Ustad Bismillah Khan , Shailesh Bhagwat, followed by a classical vocal and a classical music concert by noted upcoming vocalist Pushkar Lele. At 10am, a huge rally showcasing Tatya's life and work over five decades, will take place from the Kusumagraj Smarak and will finish at the Kusumagraj Pratisthan in Tilak Wadi via College Road, Canada corner, Sharnapur Road and Rajeev Gandhi Bhavan.In the evening on the same day at Kalidas Kalamandir, the curtain on the centenary celebrations will finally come down with discussions of Tatya's writings by eminent speakers, likeKumar Ketkar, Jabbar Patel and Mangesh Padgaonkar. The programme will be presided over by the guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal , This will be and Eknath Thakur, and will be to be followed by a live theatrical presentation of show of acts from some of Tatya's famous plays, presented by noted theatre personality, Kishor Kadam aka bySoumitra. Illustrious stage artistes Rima Lagu, Sachin Khedekar, Mukta Barve and Soumitra himself will play the leading roles in this presentation. The two day festival will also feature a unique exhibition of paintings depicting Tatyasheb's poetry, by noted artist, Swati Rajwade.The Pratisthan officials are upbeat and happy that they have been able to repay in their small way what Tatyasaheb has given through his writing and life, to Nashik and the the Marathi manoos .\"Tatya was a legendary person and his contribution to Nashik's social and cultural life was immense,\" said Vilas Lonari, Said the chairman of the birth celebration committee. Vilas Lonari, said.He added that, \"We at Pratisthan, are trying our bit to keep his legacy alive, it is a nothing but a tribute to the love and respect the people have for Tatyasaheb,\" Lonari concluded. I am particularly pleased, as the chairman of the Birth Celebration Committee, to see that we carried out many literary, cultural and social programmes throughout Maharshtra during the year. and the response from the people too has been very good.It is a nothing but a tribute to love and respect the people have for Tatya.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12026253", "title": "'Terror outfits roped in over 21 Maha men'", "text": "Over two dozen youths from Maharashtra were recruited by Pakistan-based terror outfits in the last 6-7 years, said police. Of these, 21 youths were arrested by the police in connection with various cases, said deputy inspector general of police (ATS) Sukhvinder Singh. Three youngsters, recruited from Beed and Aurangabad for terrorist activities, are believed to be in Pakistan , sources said. Three others were killed in Kashmir, Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12025231", "title": "Austrian man forges ticket to see off flier", "text": "NEW DELHI: Checking tickets before permitting passengers inside the airport terminal may not be an adequate security measure.An Austrian, who was scheduled to leave for Bangkok on February 28, has been arrested from IGI Airport for unlawful entry into the terminal 3. The accused changed the date of travel on his ticket from 28 to 23 to see off his friend who was travelling out of Delhi on Thursday. CISF personnel stopped him as he was trying to exit the airport and when he was unable to provide a valid reason for wanting to leave, his ticket was checked and officials discovered the fraud.Sources said Gerald Zisser Pfeifer had allegedly entered T3 on Thursday from gate No. 8 after showing his Indigo Delhi-Bangkok ticket to CISF officials. A short while later, Pfeifer attempted to leave the terminal from gate 5. However, according to security rules, as no passenger is permitted to leave the terminal without being accompanied by an airline official, CISF personnel stopped him and asked him to return with Indigo staff.\"At this point, Pfeifer tried to run out of the terminal. We managed to stop him and checked his ticket. When it was presented to the Indigo staff for verification, they said the PNR number was valid but the ticket was for February 28 and not February 23,\" said a security official.Questioned about the change of date, Pfeifer confessed that he had made a copy of his original ticket, changing the date for Thursday to be able to enter the terminal and see off the friend. CISF then handed him over to Delhi Police, which has registered a case of cheating and forgery against the passenger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12025104", "title": "MCD notice on construction at Swamy's residence", "text": "NEW DELHI: Anti-corruption crusader and Janata Party president Subramanian Swamy's residence in Nizamuddin East has hit a 'monumental' hurdle. According to sources in MCD and the Archaeological Survey of India, MCD issued a showcause notice against ongoing construction on the third floor of the property, A-77 Nizamuddin East.MCD has asked the owner/builder of the property to rectify the construction as it is unauthorized and located in the prohibited zone of world heritage site Humayun's Tomb. It has warned that it will take steps within a week if the owner fails to act.When TOI sought a comment from Swamy, he asked, \"It is not my property, how am I concerned?\" He refused to divulge the name of the owner.MCD officials say the property is located about 20 metres from the boundary wall of Humayun's Tomb, one of the three Unesco-credited world heritage sites in the capital.Under the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains (Amendment and Validation) Act, 2010, construction activity is completely banned within 100 metres of protected monuments.In fact construction activities even within 200 metres of such monuments have to be regulated and approved by the recently established National Monuments Authority (NMA).As recently as January this year, the Supreme Court in a judgment banned any construction activity within 100 metres of protected monuments under the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains Act 2010. It set aside a verdict of the Delhi High Court and warned if effective steps are not taken to enforce the Act, historical monuments would become \"extinct\" and \"become part of history.\"\"We received a complaint over unauthorized construction for three rooms at property number A-77 in Nizamuddin East and have booked it accordingly. A showcause notice was served on Friday. If the owner of property does not take action within six or seven days, then the corporation will take action itself,'' the MCD spokesperson told TOI.The MCD acted on a complaint by a private citizen and not the ASI which is supposed to keep a vigil on banned construction activity since it is the custodian of Humayun's Tomb along with nearby monuments like Isa Kha Tomb, Bade Bateshawala Mahal and Chhote Bateshewala Mahal.ASI Delhi circle chief K K Mohammed did not respond to queries by TOI, but sources said Delhi circle was not aware of the construction activity. As per the Act, it is the duty of the ASI to keep track of unauthorized construction and file complaints with MCD to take action in such instances, especially in instances related to world heritage sites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12027427", "title": "Camps leave BJP MLAs confused", "text": "BANGALORE: The BJP MLA is in a dilemma today: with the party growing increasingly amoebic, and multiple groups of different denominations coming up, there is confusion over which camp to join.The saffron party has metamorphosed over the past four summers, and the leaders in the forefront -- B S Yeddyurappa, K S Eshwarappa, Ananth Kumar , Jagadish Shettar and D V Sadananda Gowda -- have each a group of people supporting them. Then there are the fence-sitters and some staunch party ideologues. These formulations have culminated in a Yeddyurappa vs Party situation.This political churning has left many MLAs confused. \"Whom do we associate ourselves with? Either way, we stand to lose,'' complains a legislator. None of the MLAs want to forego their remaining term for their leaders' infighting. With assembly elections slated for next year, a BJP MLA, irrespective of his preferences, has to ensure he is in the good books of the CM so that funds for his constituency's development are released in time.Political analyst and pro vice-chancellor of Jain University Prof Sandeep Shastri feels it is the consequence of becoming a mass party, which expanded rapidly with a lot of compromises. He says: \"The fights, conflict and dilemma are the typical challenge of a party which expands rapidly. Earlier, the BJP was a cadre-based party. Now, because of a coalition of leaders and interests, it has become increasingly factional. MLAs think about their interests and determine their association after assessing the leader's position in the party. The malice lies in the party structure, which has become top-down rather than bottom-up. This affects the party workers and development the most.''The insider vs outsider conflict is a dominant factor in BJP. In the quest for power, the party welcomed people prior to 2008 assembly polls and after the results, inducted outsiders through `Operation Lotus' to assume power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "shiroda", "code": "12027998", "title": "Vote-breakers to call the shots in Shiroda", "text": "SHIRODA: In an almost repeat of the 2007 general elections, this year's assembly poll in Shiroda has sitting BJP MLA Mahadev Naik pitted against former, five-term MLA and Goa Pradesh Congress Committee chief Subhash Shirodkar. But it's the small players in the fray that will call the shots, say analysts.Contesting as an independent and as the candidate of the All India Trinamool Congress are Vishwas Prabhudesai and Shaila Borkar respectively. Prabhudesai is a BJP worker for the last 22 years and as the party was not able to convince him to withdraw from the contest he is expected to eat into Naik's votes. This matters since Naik defeated Shirodkar five years ago by just 249 votes.Borkar, on the other hand, was once a BJP activist and a Congress ZP member and is likely to eat into both parties' votes in the Borim and Nirancal regions of the constituency.\"Prabhudesai's candidature and Shirodkar's development in the constituency will affect Naik's chances of retaining the seat,\" say political observers in the constituency.Naik, who is aware of the competition he faces from within his party is sure he will win \"as despite being in the opposition I was successful in completing about 300 community projects worth around 50 crore\". He claims he took up about 400 works and 100 are on the way to completion. These, worth about 10 crore, will be completed soon, said Naik.Claiming that the issue of unemployment is crippling in Shiroda \"despite Shirodkar holding important ministerial posts when he was an MLA\", Naik said, \"I wanted to solve the issue, but being in the opposition it was beyond my capacity.\"Shirodkar's former personal assistant alleged that the Congressman offered land in the village to two companies to set up factories, but neither have set up yet.Admitting that the plots have been allotted to two companies, Shirodkar, a former teacher for 16 years and sarpanch for seven, said both have big set-ups and may take time to start their projects. He stressed that the factories will come up.Claiming there has not been any major development in the constituency in the last five years and admitting that anti-incumbency cost him the seat the last time, Shirodkar said \"the electors are now with me and I will win this time with a thumping majority of about 5,000 votes\". Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12026355", "title": "Minister helps complainant", "text": "INDORE: The health minister Mahendra Hardia on Friday helped a complainant, Meena Bundela, lodge an FIR in a theft case with the MIG police. The minister was crossing the police station when he saw people creating ruckus there. The police, who was reluctant to file an FIR, conceded after Hardia's instruction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12025991", "title": "Singer attacked in 'suicide pact'", "text": "MUMBAI: A 34-year-old singer and mother of two was grievously injured after her male acquaintance, who owns an orchestra and is also married , slit her throat at her Malad residence before attempting to end his own life on Friday afternoon. The two, Sonal Goyani and Jayesh Goswami , 36, have been admitted to separate hospitals in the suburbs and are critical.Goswami claimed that he was in a relationship with Sonal and the couple had made a suicide pact. However , Sonal and her husband, Hetalbhai Goyani, have rubbished his allegations . The Malad police have booked Goswami on charges of attempted murder and attempted suicide. While the police are yet to take down the official statements of the three, they have managed to speak to all three and have retrieved a suicide note written by Goswami.Sonal has been married to Hetalbhai , an imitation jewellery dealer, for 14 years. The couple has two sons aged 13 and 9. They reside at Neeta Towers in Mamletdaar Wadi, where Friday's incident took place. Hetalbhai, who runs his own showroom in Malad , told the police that Goswami had been harassing his wife for two years to join his orchestra.Around 1.45pm on Friday, Goswami , who stays in Goregaon (West), landed up at the Goyanis' Malad residence , according to Sonal.Sonal's husband had warned accusedGoswami told the watchman he was going to meet Sonal at her fifthfloor apartment, police said. She was alone at home. One of her kids had gone to school while the other was playing downstairs.Based on what Sonal has told the police, senior inspector (Malad) Avinash Jadhav said, \"Goswami asked Sonal to let him in on the pretext that this was the last time he would speak to her and he wouldn't take more than 10 minutes. Sonal agreed and asked him to get done soon. She moved into the kitchen to make 'theplas' on the gas stove. Jayesh crept up from behind with a knife taken from her kitchen and slit her throat. Screaming for help, Sonal ran out of the house and latched the door from outside. She went to her next-door neighbour's flat leaving a trail of blood. Trapped inside her flat, Goswami went to the bathroom and locked himself in. He then slit his throat.\"But, a police official also said, \"Goswami left behind a note in the house, stating that he and Sonal were in an intimate relationship for two years and that her husband used to torture her. He added that he and Sonal had planned to die together as they could not marry and live together.\" A senior police official said, \"We are not aware if Jayesh wrote the note before attempting to kill Sonal or after she escaped. The note is being probed along with the veracity of its contents.\"Sonal's neighbours rushed her to the Evershine nursing home in Malad and informed her husband, who was at his showroom. Hetalbhai is now at the hospital, where Sonal is in the ICCU.When the Malad police were summoned, they arrived to find a trail of blood inside Sonal's house leading to the bathroom. They broke down the bathroom door and found Goswami in a pool of blood there. He was rushed to Bhagwati Hospital, Borivli, where he is in the ICCU.Sonal's husband rubbished Goswami's allegations in the note. He told the police that he fought with Goswami two months ago and warned him against harassing his wife. Sonal is likely to undergo surgery soon. A packet of condoms and a spray were found in the house and police are probing whether Goswami had brought them with him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12026369", "title": "Rs 15 lakh jewellery stolen from hotel room", "text": "MUMBAI: A businessman who had booked some rooms in a Juhu three-star hotel for his niece's wedding never thought that it would leave a relative poorer by 550 gm of gold ornaments worth Rs 15 lakh.For a week now, Kurla jeweller Suresh Jain has been running from pillar to post along with police officials to trace the suspect. The hotel's CCTV cameras have captured images of a man coming out of the room from which the jewellery was stolen.Jain said he had booked 18 rooms in the hotel on February 18. While one room was booked for the bride and groom, the other rooms were meant for relatives. \"The wedding ceremony took place in the morning. Another ceremony was to take place in the evening at a nearby hotel. My sister-in-law had kept some gold ornaments in room no. 703. When she returned around 11pm, she found out that a purse-which contained jewellery worth Rs 15 lakh-was missing ,\" he added.The Jains informed the hotel employees, who started making enquiries to find out if anybody had gone to room no. 703. Jain then approached the Juhu police, who started a probe into the case.The cops scanned footage obtained from the hotel and found an unidentified man coming out of the room. \"He is not our relative and the hotel staffers also do not seem to know him,\" said Jain. The crime branch and the Juhu police have started parallel investigations. The cops have not ruled out an insider's involvement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12030563", "title": "Andrea is on a song", "text": "Looks like a peppy number that Andrea had rendered for a film, Balaji Tharaneetharan's Naduvula Konjam Pakkatha Kaanom, has gotten some rave response.Talking about the number, which has been composed by Ved Shanker, she says, \"I usually ask fairly new music composers to mail me the track because I don't want to sing a song that doesn't suit my voice. It also saves both of us time. When Ved mailed me the track of Hey Crazy Minnal..., I found it cute and liked the tune instantly. I was happy that a newcomer could come up with such a peppy number.\"Talking about the number, which has been composed by Ved Shanker, she says, \"I usually ask fairly new music composers to mail me the track because I don't want to sing a song that doesn't suit my voice. It also saves both of us time. When Ved mailed me the track of Hey Crazy Minnal..., I found it cute and liked the tune instantly. I was happy that a newcomer could come up with such a peppy number.\"Andrea, meanwhile, is eagerly looking forward to start working on Vetri Maaran's Vada Chennai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12030020", "title": "Vertex opens service delivery centre in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Vertex, a UK-based BPO and customer management outsourcing company, today launched its new service delivery centre in the city.The company expects the delivery centre to further support Vertex's rapid expansion in terms of growing client base and increasing employee strength, and providing employment in different geographies, Vertex India MD and CEO Keshav C Gaur said.\"We anticipate a huge growth in the business in the next few years from this state and therefore have established a local office in order to better understand the market needs and explore new opportunities.\"Currently, we will provide voice customer management service in inbound and outbound processes to our clients in local regional languages of the state in addition to Hindi and English,\" Gaur said in a press conference.The site has a total area of 29000 sq.ft and a seating capacity of close to 820 employees, he added.Through its delivery centres, Vertex is present in 11 major cities and in more than 350 locations by way of franchise network in the country, including Tier II and Tier III cities, servicing in all major regional languages of India, the release said.Currently, Vertex has an employee strength of over 5,000 and aims at increasing the same significantly in line with its India growth strategy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12027401", "title": "JD(S) is likely to field Bhoje Gowda", "text": "BANGALORE: Chikmagalur district JD(S) working president Bhoje Gowda is likely to be the party candidate for the Udupi-Chikmagalur Lok Sabha bypoll.Gowda is leading the race, with other contenders being Mahendra Kumar (former Bajrang Dal leader now with the JD-S) and JD(S) state youth president Madhu Bangarappa. JD(S) spokesperson YSV Datta said the candidate would be announced on Sunday. An advocate, Gowda twice lost the assembly polls against C T Ravi (BJP). His father, Lakshmaiah, represented Birur constituency thrice, while his younger brother, Dharme Gowda, represented Birur once.A member of the All India Bar Council, Gowda was preparing for the forthcoming elections to the legislative council from the graduates' constituency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12026932", "title": "Vehicle thefts", "text": "A Kinetic Honda scooter worth Rs 12,000 got stolen from near an industry company at Satpur. Atish Ghule had parked his scooter near the company on February 15. The scooter was stolen by unidentified thieves from 4 pm to 8 pm. Satpur police are investigating the case. One more bike was reported stolen at the Nashik Road Police Station. As per Nashik Road Police, Ramdas Porje had parked his Hero Honda bike worth Rs 30,000 under the Veer Savarkar Bridge at Nashik Road on February 19. The bike was stolen at 4 pm, Nashik Road police have registered an offence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12027333", "title": "Youth say Rahul gives them hope", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Stadium was filled with enthusiastic young faces who had come to see Congress scion Rahul Gandhi speak. The supporters, comprising mainly of urban youth, said that they had come there as Rahul gave them a vision of 'undiluted hope'.\"Rahul Gandhi is someone we can connect with. Most people in politics seem to have their own agenda, but this is a man who understands the importance of development and is willing to work towards it,\" said Akhil Bhatia, a 21-year-old student of Mahamaya Technical University.Like Akhil, many of Rahul's supporters had gathered at the stadium in the morning and had to wait for almost six hours before Rahul arrived in his chopper a little before 6pm.But the long wait did not seem to dull the enthusiasm of his supporters.\"Rahul raises issues of employment, law &amp; order and overall development; things that are more important to us than massive parks or free electricity,\" said Tanushree Bose, a 19-year-old Delhi University student.For others, however, Rahul hasn't passed the test yet. \"He says that other parties have only promised and not delivered, but he hasn't done anything substantial either,\" said Abhishek Yadav (26), a Noida resident.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12027126", "title": "Magadh University clears pending appointment cases", "text": "PATNA: Magadh University (MU) has disposed of all pending cases related to appointments on compassionate grounds. These cases were pending at the university for long.The university expedited the process of appointments on compassionate ground as per rules under the University Act.\"I disposed of 76 such cases during the past few months,\" said MU officiating VC Arun Kumar. According to him, these appointments were made in Class III and IV category. The university made these appointments both at university and college level, he said. Besides, non-teaching staff of the varsity have been given promotion on the pattern of the state government employees. The university, which has been continuing with the process of giving promotion to teachers under different schemes, is committed to carry out schemes for the welfare of both teaching and non-teaching employees, he said.The university would hold students' union poll soon to maintain an ideal academic ambience at university and colleges. \"The poll is a must to maintain democratic system in the university and colleges,\" Kumar said.In a major policy decision, he has directed MU registrar to counter sign the university degrees to maintain the authenticity of the degree. Besides, the university would clear the backlog of degrees.Kumar said he would perhaps be the first VC to declare his assets to Raj Bhawan. Besides, he hardly claimed any extra remuneration while shouldering responsibilities of two universities, Magadh and B N Mandal, with full dedication.Meanwhile, at the meeting of MU college principals held on Thursday at Bodh Gaya, Kumar directed them to strictly follow UGC guidelines while making payments of honorarium or remuneration to directors and coordinators of vocational courses. He also asked the principals to ensure availability of full details about institution, strength of teaching and non-teaching employees and the number of sanctioned posts in their colleges, an MU official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12027669", "title": "City gets new Archbishop", "text": "KOLKATA: Pope Benedict XVI has appointed Thomas D'Souza the ninth Archbishop of Calcutta, Roman Catholic, succeeding Archbishop Lucas Sirkar SDB whose resignation has been accepted. The appointment of the new Archbishop was announced simultaneously in Rome, New Delhi and Kolkata. Archbishop Lucas Sirkar SDB, served the Catholic Archdiocese of Calcutta from 2000 to February 23, 2012 as the eighth Archbishop of Calcutta.Archbishop Thomas D'Souza was born in Mangalore, Karnataka, on August 26, 1950. He came to Darjeeling in 1966 and was ordained a priest for the Diocese of Darjeeling in April 1977. He was appointed first Bishop of the new Diocese Bagdogra on June 14, 1997, and ordained Bishop on January 25, 1998. tnnHe was appointed Coadjutor Archbishop of Calcutta on March 12, 2011, and took charge of that office on June 26, 2011. With the latest appointment, he has become the full-fledged Archbishop of the Catholic Archdiocese of Calcutta with immediate effect as per the Code of Canon Law of the Catholic Church.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12030196", "title": "Uninor adds maximum users in Jan", "text": "NEW DELHI: New telecom player Uninor has added the highest number of subscribers at 2.49 million in January this year, much ahead of biggies like Airtel and Vodafone, taking its user base to 38.79 million.This has helped the GSM operators add 8.44 million new users in January, taking their subscriber base to 648.08 million, according to the data released by the Cellular Operators Association of India (COAI) here today.At the end of January, Uninor's subscriber base stood at 38.79 million.Uninor is a joint venture between Telenor of Norway and Indian real estate firm Unitech .The additions will act as a booster for Uninor, whose 22 licenses were among the 122 cancelled by the Supreme Court earlier this month.\"In our 13 commercial circles in 2011, the highest number of subscribers chose Uninor. We are satisfied to see that this strong preference continues into 2012 as well,\" Uninor said in a statement.Following the SC order and its spat with joint venture partner, Telenor had recently said it will form a new entity in India and rope in a minority partner.\"It is our intention to continue competing as a mass market mobile service and ensure that the Indian mobile users continue to benefit from this competition,\" Uninor added.Other companies impacted by the SC order include Loop, Etisalat DB and S Tel among others.During January, Bharti Airtel , the largest GSM player, added 1.30 million subscribers. With this, its total user-base stood at to 176.95 million, accounting for 27.3 per cent market share.Vodafone India added 0.85 million new subscribers during the month, taking its subscriber base to 148.60 million in January. Its market share stands at 22.93 per cent.State-owned BSNL and MTNL added 0.86 million and 50,180 new users respectively, helping them increase their total number of users to 93.42 million and 5.49 million.Aircel added 0.81 million customers taking its subscriber base to 62.46 million, while Idea Cellular added 1.74 million new users to take its subscriber base to 108.12 million at the end of last month.Circle-wise, the highest addition was in UP (East) where 0.97 million new users were added in January. The circle, among the total 22 circles, also has the highest number of GSM users at 54.85 million.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "12027750", "title": "Realty hub or Delhi\u2019s poor cousin?", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Not far from the muddy black waters of Hindon river, the Hapur road divides an upcoming colony of luxury high-rises from a village starved of amenities where buffaloes roam freely along the alleyways. A short walk down the road leads to the sprawling grounds of Mohan Meakin Industrial Estate, one among thousands of industries that have made Ghaziabad amongst the highest revenue-grossers for Uttar Pradesh.These three disparate worlds, existing in isolation, could well be synonymous for Ghaziabad, which started out as a small town in the 1900s, but has urbanized at a tremendous pace. In 2001, Ghaziabad had an urban population of over 18 lakh and a rural population of nearly 15 lakh. A decade later, the newly-released census data paints a stark contrast. The urban population has grown by a staggering 73% to 31.4 lakh, while the rural population now stands at less than 50% of the urban population.In 2006, bang in the middle of this transformation, US magazine Newsweek profiled Ghaziabad as one of the world's most dynamic cities, along with Munich, Las Vegas and London, much to the bewilderment of residents. The news, however, was lapped up by property developers.Five years down the line, with the release of the new census data, TOI does a reality check of Delhi's backyard to see what has become of \"one of the world's most dynamic cities\". Ghaziabad comes across as an assortment of disconnected fragments; a city that suffers from a severe identity crisis, where both Delhi and UP jostle for space.The city smacks of organic, unplanned growth, unlike the neat sectors that divide its neighbouring city, Noida. While individual colonies are planned, it doesn't hold true for the rest of Ghaziabad. Those living in highrise colonies such as Kaushambi and Indirapuram are disconnected from the rest of the city. \"Two decades ago, the area around Kaushambi was wilderness. In those days, we would talk of making a trip to Delhi, every time we wanted to cross the border. But today, Delhi has expanded right up to our doorstep. We now talk of 'going to Ghaziabad' every time we visit relatives across the Hindon,\" says Shruti Singh, a resident.\"Thirty years ago, Ghaziabad was a tiny city. It is now 10 times bigger than it was,\" says Mohammad Aslam, an employee of one of the metal shops lining Jassipura, that provide pipes and girders to the industries of Ghaziabad.At Rajnagar Extension, property dealers line the roads. A developer has built a cricket stadium endorsed by Suresh Raina in the middle of a residential complex. Several flats in the area are selling at Rs 2,200 per square foot. At Mohan Nagar, luxury homes cost Rs 3,000 per sq ft.\"The price we are offering here is onefourth the price of an identical colony we are constructing in Gurgaon,\" says a developer, adding that property prices were set to double once a new Metro line is constructed through Ghaziabad.\"Infrastructure projects, or even the rumour of infrastructure projects, pushes up property prices. With homes in Gurgaon and parts of Noida becoming unaffordable, Ghaziabad will have its share of the NCR development in the next five-seven years. However, the dynamics may change if Delhi's new master plan frees more land for development in the capital,\" says Mudassir Zaidi, regional director (North), Knight Frank India.Many believe that infrastructure has not kept pace with development in the district. Every morning, when Dr Lubna Nafees - a faculty member of the Institute of Management Technology (IMT), Ghaziabad, drives to work from Delhi, she can tell she has entered Ghaziabad thanks to its bad roads and lack of street discipline. \"People have met with accidents because they followed traffic signals,\" she says.The shanties along the river paint an altogether different picture of Ghaziabad. A woman and her nine children live in a cramped room. \"The government has done nothing for us. There are no schools or hospitals in the area. Our children are illiterate,\" says Shahana, a slum dweller.The residents of Arthla village also complain of government apathy. \"We pooled in money to build roads through our village. Every family paid for the patch of road outside their homes,\" says Aamir Davas, a youngster. Eighty-year-old Akbari Khatoun, who lives in the interior, says there are days when she has to go without food.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12027979", "title": "Will Mayawati break the Noida jinx?", "text": "NOIDA: The political grapevine is abuzz with the story of 'Noida jinx' that caught up with several former chief ministers of Uttar Pradesh in which they had lost their chairs soon after visiting the industrial township. Many have been betting whether the trend would continue with chief minister Mayawati.The 'jinx' began with Veer Bahadur Singh who lost power in 1988 within days of visiting Noida. His successor Narayan Dutt Tiwari was also dethroned a few days after setting foot in the city. In 1995, Samajwadi Party chief, Mulayam Singh Yadav also came to Noida and lost the polls held after that. Even Bahujan Samaj Party supremo Mayawati has also fallen prey to the Noida jinx when she lost power in 1997. The jinx also claimed the chair of Kalyan Singh in 1999.So potent has been the fear of this jinx that Rajnath Singh, former BJP chief minister of UP, during his tenure inaugurated the DND flyway from the Delhi side and consciously avoided coming to Noida. \"However, Mayawati seems to have broken the jinx this time. She visited Noida in 2007 soon after assuming power, although it was for a private function,\" says a BSP party worker.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12027452", "title": "Voice of the transgender", "text": "BANGALORE: Until 10 years ago, the LGBT community was secretive. Until 10 years ago, tansgenders were beaten up by cops and ill-treated by society. As documentary filmmaker Chalam Bennurkar screened his film 'All About Our Famila' at the Bangalore Queer Film Fest on Friday, there was celebration among the community.\"Over the past decade, the LGBT community and hijidas have been taking steps both personally and professionally to celebrate their identity. The police are a lot more tolerant with hijidas today, and just two weeks ago transgender Anu - was appointed to serve as administrative staff at the high court,\" points out Bennurkar, whose first documentary Kutty Japanin Kuzhandaigal, won him awards in Yamagata, Leipzig.In fact, this award-winning documentary filmmaker's association with hijidas began in 2003. And his film about Famila, and her contribution towards bettering the lives of people from her community, was born, after many ups and downs, including Famila's suicide. \"I met Famila in 2003 when I became interested in Koovagam, a place near Pondicherry where on every Chitra Purnima, hijidas from all over India meet to worship Aravanan. The three-day fest is replete with transgender marriages, bangle-breaking ceremonies and a beauty contest for transgenders, in which Famila too, participated,\" explains Bennurkar.Famila, with her interesting ideas about the position of transgenders in society and issues like patriacity, kept Benurkar's interest in the community alive. \"We kept in touch and even decided to shoot a film based on her starting November 2004. But Famila committed suicide in August that year,\" says Bennurkar.When Famila died, her friend Kajala decided to step in to fill her role. But she too died of AIDS. The film seemed dead at its foetal stage, until Benurkar decided to resurrect the idea last year. \"I received grants from the Public Services Broadcasting Trust (PSBT), and completed the film two months ago,\" says Bennurkar.As the filmmaker who is driven by myriad expressions of life around him gets ready to show the film to LGBT and hijida communities across the country, he concedes that a lot of emotion, energy and resources have gone into bringing Famila alive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12030918", "title": "Poonam thinks she is the Kim or Paris Hilton of India?", "text": "Guess the starlet has arrived in life with #PoonamPandeyinBikini trending heavily in India since yesterday.The strip queen posted a series of tweets and pictures in black bikini with the hash tag. She started with engaging her followers asking: \"\"Q. answer this let me see and after that will share a pic .... #PoonamPandeyinBikini is like.\"\" She added: \"\"Ok will Retweet the best ones #PoonamPandeyinBikini is Like\"\".The journey from a model to a Bollywood actress Poonam has really covered the long distance quite quickly. She had created buzz in bollwood in near about no time. Then this is in it she has not at all left her fans alone every now and then she either tweets some thing that creates a controversy or she posts some pics or videos that keeps her fans interested. Finally do we say India has got its Paris Hilton or Kim kardashian ?Keeping her promise, she retweeted some of her followers:@rahilmehta2010: @iPoonampandey #PoonamPandeyinBikini is hotter then the sun@lvmishi: @iPoonampandey #PoonamPandeyinBikini is Like definitely next world cup...:)@chulbull_pandey: #PoonamPandeyInBikini like roti kapda aur makan. We can't live without themThen she built up the excitement saying: \"\"Hahahah u guyz r crazzzzyyyyy ... let me hear more then will Share a Pic.. till then #PoonamPandeyinBikini is like\"\"She finally tweeted her picture in black bikini. The caption read: \"\"#NewPic #PoonamPandeyInBikini is like having a loaded pistol on a coffee table - There's nothng wrong wid dem, but it's hard to stop thnkng abt it (sic).\"\"Eventually she started trending in India. She tweeted: \"\"#PoonamPandeyinBikini is Trending in India :)\"\"Her next tweet read: \"\"wowwwwwwwwww Tweethearts!! @iPoonampandey is Trending 1st Worldwide Check this twee.co/twits/ipoonamp... wow i am on Rank 1 kool\"\"Then she tweeted another bikini picture using the same hash tag and has been tweeting both the swimsuit pictures again and again.Her fans will be pleased to know she'll be posting more pictures. \"\"#PoonamPandeyinBikini ..... is Like ? let me know More Pix on its way,\"\" she tweeted.What people are saying:Ashish Batra (@IMASHUBATRA): \"\"this may sound like a stupid but i want to be your bikni @ipoonampandey #PoonamPandeyinBikini\"\"Naman Arya (@NamanArya): \"\"#PoonamPandeyinBikini is worth watching in Winters. Now as the summer approaches, her business would surely go down! #hot\"\"Magic Tweets (@TweetMagicWords): \"\"#PoonamPandeyinBikini is like a centre fresh.. jeebh laap laapaye :P\"\"Eccentricandhow (@Eccentricandhow): If you are turned on by #PoonamPandeyinBikini, you have the IQ of a dead crab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "12028036", "title": "Man captured on CCTV stealing cash in Vasco church", "text": "VASCO: An unknown person was captured by CCTV cameras of St Andrew's church at Vasco entering through a window and stealing 10,000 from a donation box in the small hours of Friday.According to sources, \"in the camera, a man breaking the donation box is clearly seen.\" But, as the theft occurred at night, the cameras installed could capture only his body features but could not clearly capture his face.On Friday morning, when the church was opened for mass, the care taker of the church noticed that the donation box was broken and thrown on the floor. He immediately informed the priest about the incident and later Vasco police were contacted.According to sources, cameras revealed that at about 12.50am on Friday, a thin man entered through the window from the cemetery side.The culprit then went near the statue of Our Lady of Perpetual Succor, reached for the donation box, broke it and fled with the cash amounting to 10,000.Police claimed that the CCTV footage will help in achieving a breakthrough in the case. Finger print experts lifted some finger prints from the box. A theft case has been registered by the Vasco police. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12027309", "title": "Forgery thickens Cherunelli plot", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Cherunelli estate takeover case has acquired a new dimension.Records available with TOI prove that at least four among the 35 signatories to a memorandum submitted to chief minister against the takeover of the 280-acre estate had died several years back at the time of submission.Forest principal secretary Sajan Peter has requested an inquiry by the local police. The secretary has suggested that case for forgery needs to be registered against the petitioners.\"I have received a letter from the forest department. As it is not a formal complaint, we have asked the government pleader for legal advice,'' said M P Dinesh, superintendent of police, Palakkad.The series of events started with a complaint filed by planters in Cherunelli on January 29, this year, before the chief minister. They have claimed the legitimate ownership of the estate and said the forest department was threatening their workers and trying to attach the property. \"Forest officials are trying to take over our estates which have clear records even though they are least bothered about the estates for which hearing process have been completed,'' said the complaint.The complaint was endorsed by government chief whip P C George who had said he was convinced about the legitimacy of the argument of the farmers. George had demanded a stay on all the proceedings to takeover the estate and an inquiry by a UDF committee.But, after a few days, forest officials found out from another complaint made by a set of farmers that four of the signatories to the January 29 complaint were dead. \"Fr Cyriac, Fr Mathew, Devassia Rahiyanath and Eliamma were mentioned as deceased in another complaint we received a few days earlier,'' said a source in the forest department. Probing further, the local forest department officials obtained their death certificates as well.As the matter became serious, the principal secretary intervened and decided to seek the help of police. \"We suspect about more forgeries committed by people using their names. They might have taken loans from banks by acting in a similar way. That is why we have decided to approach the police,'' said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12026810", "title": "32% of last year's budget funds lying unused", "text": "PUNE: The civic body has utilized 68 per cent of the Rs 3,247 crore 2011-12 budget. Nearly 40% was devoted for capital and development works, much of which remains incomplete and projects like the metro remain on paper and the BRTS is mired in squabbles.Of the Rs 3,247 crore revenue target for 2011-12, the PMC collected Rs 2026.26 crore. \"We have utilized 68 per cent of the budget till date. By March 31, more works would start,\" said municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak.\"Many issues like land acquisition slowed downs the procedure,\" he said. He added that works on key projects like water, sewage, solid waste management, health and infrastructure are in progress.\"It is a fact that the city is growing and we have to catch up with development. We are concentrating on augmenting quality infrastructure\" said Pathak.Even though citizens are against celebrating festivals and events using tax payers' money, the draft budget made provision for them and for corporators' 'study tour'. \"The state government permits celebrations and cosponsorship in limited ways. The expenses on celebrations should not exceed the limit,\" said Pathak.Every year, the annual civic budget has a provision for celebration of religious festivals and funding of cultural programmes, a majority of them organised by groups affiliated to elected representatives. The PMC cosponsors various events.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12028480", "title": "Nagpur municipality to fence Gandhisagar", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation will add a fencing, parallel to existing compound wall at the Gandhisagar lake, to prevent suicide attempts. Gandhisagar has earned a bad name for being the city's suicide spot.Assistant municipal commissioner Mahesh Dhamecha ruled out deploying lifeguards around the lake, saying it wouldn't make much difference. Lifeguards can be useful in case of accidents, he said.According to commissioner of police Ankush Dhanvijay, his department has done everything possible to prevent suicide. \"From deploying cops to increased patrolling and even counseling we tried everything. NMC has posted guards, but failed to stop suicides,\" he said and added that the NMC's fencing plan might work, but it should start at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12028324", "title": "Teachers can't have political links, says Bombay High Court", "text": "MUMBAI: Education should be kept away from politics, said the Bombay High Court while refusing to strike down the order suspending a teacher only because he is associated with a political party. Justice P B Majmudar and Justice P B Varale of the Nagpur bench on Thursday heard a petition filed by Shrikant Pande, a teacher at Nutan Adarsh Junior College in Umred, Nagpur district, challenging his suspension order dated November 23, 2011. Pande's advocate Anand Parchure argued that he had been suspended because he is associated with a political party-he is the president of the local unit of the BJP . The judges said, \"Prima facie, we are of the opinion that a government servant or person in employment in an educational institution is not required to have any political association or connection till he is in service.'' They added that if an employee was actively associated with a political organization , his political ideas may influence his teaching.Observing that a teacher's role is to impart education to students in an impartial manner, the judges said the suspension order couldn't be struck down by holding that Pande was free to continue his political activities along with his teaching job.'Keep edu away from politics'So far as education is concerned , it should be kept away from politics and educational field should not be allowed to be polluted in any manner by bringing in politics.There are some institutions, which are required to be kept away from politics and academic institution is one of such institutions,'' the judges said, while dismissing the petition.The suspended teacher's lawyer said there was nothing in the service rules which prevented a teacher from actively associating with a political party. Parchure said Pande's work as president of the local unit of the political party was not in conflict with his duties as a teacher.He pointed out that there are many teachers, who are office-bearers of political parties and even in the state legislative assembly, there is a constituency of teachers.The assistant government pleader said that as per the code of conduct under the Maharashtra Employees of Private Schools (Conditions of Service) Rules, a teacher cannot be allowed to have affiliation with any political party.The college's advocate, N A Jachak, said it wants to hold a departmental inquiry about certain allegations levelled against Pande due to his political activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12026850", "title": "CSIR to set up biotechnology institute in Delhi", "text": "PUNE: The country's premier rating body for academic institutions, National Assessment and Accreditation Council (Naac), will release on April 1 a new set of manuals and methodologies for assessment and rating of higher education institutions (HEIs) based on the diverse objectives of their functioning.\"As of now, we have a single manual for all types of institutions, but it is not adequate to address the challenges emerging from the newer types of HEIs,\" Naac director H A Ranganath told TOI here on Friday. \"The new set of manuals and methodologies will take care of this shortcoming,\" he added.Ranganath said, \"The basic seven criteria for assessment of HEIs relating to teaching and learning, curriculum development, research and development, infrastructure, management and social responsibility will remain the same.\"However, newer elements concerning promotion and funding of research; autonomy to principal investigators of research projects; publications; consultancy and university-to-university as well as international collaborations, among others, will be incorporated, he added.The higher education sector is evolving faster than any other sector in the country as several new types of institutions with diverse goals and objectives are set to come up in the near future, he said. \"As of August 2011, India had 611 universities and 30,000-odd colleges,\" he pointed out.The diversity of these institutions can be gauged from the fact that there are state and central universities; deemed and private universities; Indian Institutes of technology (IITs), management (IIMs) and science and education research (IISER), he said.The Council for Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) is to set up a UNESCO-funded biotechnology institute in New Delhi, while the department of biotechnology-funded institutes, innovation universities, varsities funded by Indian corporate majors and foreign education providers are to mark their presence in the near future. \"We need to have appropriate methods for assessing these institutions,\" Ranganath said.Asked whether Naac was content with the prevailing limited response from the HEIs to its accreditation initiatives, considering that the rating is not mandatory, Ranganath said that the human resource development (HRD) ministry's bill for an independent regulatory authority for assessment and accreditation has been cleared by a Parliamentary standing committee and is expected to be passed by Parliament soon.\"The bill makes it mandatory for all the HEIs, which attain eligibility for assessment and accreditation, to get themselves rated by authorised licensed agencies,\" he said. \"The Naac will continue to function under the authority but, assessing the existing huge network of HEIs remains a gigantic task, which the council alone cannot do,\" he added.Ranganath said, \"The bill provides for licensing of credible agencies, which will undertake assessment and rating task. The functioning of these agencies will be monitored by way of an in-built mechanism under the new regulatory authority.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12026943", "title": "Woman gets life for killing husband", "text": "PATNA: Fast Track Court (FTC), 4, Siwan, on Friday awarded life imprisonment to one Seema Kumari in a murder case lodged with the Guthani police station in 2009.Narrating the incident, APP, Siwan, Subhash Chandra Prasad said that one Sonu Kumar, a native of Gajidahi village under Guthani police station, was married to Kumari, a native of Jataur village under the same police station.He said that Kumar was employed in a foreign country and when he returned to Siwan with several items, he directly reached his in-law's house for bringing back his wife to his village on April 10, 2009.Prasad said that Kumari mixed poison in a glass of liquor and offered it to her husband at around 10.30 pm on April 10, 2009.He said that even as Kumar's condition deteriorated, he was not taken to any doctor and he died after sometime. The wife concealed all the items brought by Kumar, the APP said.The APP said that the court after hearing the arguments of prosecution and defence lawyers awarded life imprisonment to Kumari and slapped a fine of Rs 5,000 on her in the murder case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12028429", "title": "Students display eco-friendly projects at expo", "text": "MYSORE: The two-day project exhibition by diploma and engineering college students was inaugurated on Friday at Vidya Vikas Institute of Engineering and Technology ( VVIET). The students came out with mind-blowing models.The highlight of the exhibition was the presentation of projects of rural polytechnic institutions. MSMS Rural Polytechnic from Marali taluk of Gangavathi displayed a power saving project, 'Power conservation using smart card'.This uses the concept of a mobile sim card. A power card can be purchased from the KEB and inserted to draw power depending on the currency purchased. Power would then be supplied depending on the value of the card. Thus, there is no need for KEB to send its staff to each and every house to check meters etc.There is also a revenue earning factor, since the customer has to buy power beforehand depending on his needs. Besides this, power cannot be tapped illegally. Mallikarjun, Hulagappa and Manjunath displayed the project.P A Polytechnic from Mangalore showcased a 'Drowsy detector' that will be invaluable in monitoring the alertness of vehicles drivers, be it a bus or a train. Students Syed Sadaullah and Yateesh explained that the system would alert the driver if he was feeling drowsy by monitoring various parameters and at the same time alert him instantly as well as the control office. SRI Polytechnic from Hagaribomanahalli, Bellary, showed off a project that would increase the security of ATM outlets, while there was a similar system that would increase to a great extent the security of jails.The frequent leaking of examination question papers was the basis of the project by Tippu Saheed Institute of Technology, Hubli. The project used an online control system that would virtually make the place where question papers are stored foolproof.Engineering students Ameena, Nagashree and Ashwini who witnessed the exhibition were excited to see nearly 200 models. \"Through this exhibition we have come to know many things like how to save electricity, ideas and so on. This exhibition has given us ideas for our future projects,\" added Nagashree.The project exhibition was organized by the Directorate of Technical Education, Government of Karnataka in association with Vidya Vikas Educational Trust (VVET), Vidya Vikas Institute of Engineering and Technology and Vidya Vikas Polytechnics. The valedictory of the two-day `Do-It yourself' will be held on Saturday at 5pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12027628", "title": "She volunteered to take part in mock drill", "text": "BANGALORE: Friends and family members of 23-year-old Nalini Ramakrishna are numbed by the turn of events on Friday that snatched away the young woman's life, ironically, during a mock drill to spread awareness about fire safety measures.A welfare officer with Bombay Rayon Fashions Limited unit in Peenya, Nalini was a role model to her family members and her colleagues. On Friday, she came on her own to the Goraguntepalya unit in Yeshwantpur on hearnig about the exercise. \"It is sad that she came all the way just to die,\" lamented a co-worker.The first volunteer, Ravikumar, had a safe passage desending to the ground from the third floor. \"I found nothing wrong in the rope. Yes I was afraid as the rope swung from left to right in the air,\" a shocked Ravikumar told reporters. Nalini volunteered to follow Ravi Kumar. \"She was very bold and efficient worker. When nobody volunteered, Nalini decided to take up the challenge. She believed that as a welfare officer she had a responsibility to take the lead in the safety drill,\" AD Radhakrishna, a general manager of the company.He said she had joined the company seven months ago after completing her post-graduation in social work. \"She was loved by everyone in the factory, from the workers to the top management. It is a great loss to all of us,\" he said. Nalini was the second of the three children of Ramakrishna Reddy and Lakshmidevamma, residents of Siddavanahalli in Gowribidanur taluk, Chikkaballapur district.\"I am really angry with the fire and emergency department to act in such a casual way while holding rescue drills,\" Nalini's younger brother, CR Harish, told the TOI. Waiting for the post-mortem on his sister's body to get over at MS Ramaiah hospital, Harish said such a fate should not befall anyone.\"We (I and my sister) live in a rented house in Sanjeevininagar at Kodigehalli, off Bellary Road. She has been my inspiration throughout my life. She often asked me to study well,\" said Harish, a student of post-graduation in financial accounting at Central College here. Nalini's elder sister Saritha stays in the village and looks after her parnts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12028044", "title": "Dixit okay with 'family raj' politics", "text": "PANAJI: The Congress party may consider tickets to family members of party leaders in Delhi for the upcoming assembly elections in Delhi, if the formula of 'family raj' works in Goa.When asked whether if family members get elected in Goa, will you follow the same practice in Delhi, chief minister of Delhi Sheila Dixit said, \"It depends. If there are applicants like these, you can't reject the application just because they have a link, it has only just happened here and not yet in Delhi. It may happen there too, and I cannot say.\"In Goa, which has 40 seats, the Congress has given 12 tickets to five families for the March 3 assembly polls.The Election commission of India is expected to hold the assembly polls in Delhi sometime in 2013.Defending the Congress' 'family raj' policy, Dixit said that just as family members of doctor become doctors, lawyers become lawyers, teachers become teachers, in all professions, it is a human nature that people adopt what they see in the family. But there is difference, she said. \"You cannot become a politician unless you are accepted by the people. It is not a family affair. The children, wife, brothers and sisters may be rejected, and people have a right to reject them.\"She also said that the Congress party is confident of getting an absolute majority in Goa and the Congress party is interested in providing a stable government so that the pace of development continues in the state.\"If the people of Goa want sustainable growth, then you need to have a stable government and I believe that the Congress can provide that government\", Dixit said to the people of the state. Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12032540", "title": "Padmapriya to focus on new penchant", "text": "Actress Padmapriya has now turned her focus towards what she likes doing the most - theatre.She has joined hands with a few theatre enthusiasts from the industry - director VK Prakash, actress Anne Augustine, theatre artists Manoj and Vandana among others - to stage plays across the country.The Satham Podathey girl says, \"We formed the group almost six months back and have staged a few plays as well in Bangalore. The whole idea behind this initiative was to get cine artists involved in theatre. Though we love to be part of plays, we don't find time to rehearse and then perform. So, to overcome this hurdle, we have a dynamic structure in mind. Our plays, which are mostly humour-based, will feature a maximum of only three actors, and will be in English. But, there will be a smattering of all languages in between - the kind we call gibberish! We are also working on mono acts and silent plays. In future, we are also looking at promoting other art forms, like dance and music and anything else that's got to do with our culture.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12029957", "title": "Heroine loses her lines", "text": "Dialogue writer Niranjan Iyengar's laptop that had the script of Madhur's film stolen outside KJo's officeMadhur Bhadarkar's Heroine has met with yet another roadblock. While the filmmaker had once lost his leading lady ( Aishwarya Rai Bachchan ) for the project (saved later by Kareena Kapoor ), this time around, he has lost the film's dialogues. Writer Niranjan Iyengar, who was visiting his good friend Karan Johar on Wednesday, February 22, realised that his laptop had been stolen from his car parked under KJo's office. The writer panicked and went straight to the Khar police station.Confirming the news, Iyengar told Mumbai Mirror, \"My laptop was stolen. All the dialogues of Heroine were stored in it. I have lodged a FIR (First Information Report) at Khar Police Station. Let's hope I get it back but I think that the chances are slim.\"Iyengar had been visiting his friend Karan Johar to plan their itinerary for the Jammu and Kashmir schedule of KJo's directorial Student Of The Year. However, with the script of Heroine stolen, the writer will not be able to accompany the crew on their trip up north. \"I generally go on the sets of most of my films, but ab kya karten?\" Iyengar shrugged.His major concern now is to re-write the dialogues for Bhandarkar's project. \"Now I need to be on the set of Heroine and rewrite the dialogues. I don't have the entire backup. I had emailed a chunk of it to Madhur, so that part is retained. But now, the remaining will have to be quickly rewritten,\" said Iyengar.When contacted, Bhandarkar told Mumbai Mirror, \"Iyengar has consented to be on the set of Heroine. I am very thankful to him. Whatever happened is very unfortunate.\"When asked whether he will be able to recreate the very lines, Iyengar simply said, \"Those lines are in my head. There is no reference point, though.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12029937", "title": "Cisco to buy Lightwire for $271m", "text": "NEW YORK: Cisco Systems Inc, the world's largest networking-equipment maker, agreed to buy Lightwire Inc for $271 million to add optical connectivity technology used in high-speed networks.Cisco will pay the sum in cash and retention-based incentives, according to a statement from the company today. The purchase of the Allentown, Pennsylvania-based company will probably be completed in the fiscal third quarter, Cisco said.Closely held Lightwire's technology would help Cisco's customers to meet growing demand for video, data and so-called cloud services. Chief Executive Officer John Chambers has eliminated jobs and exited businesses in a bid to reverse the slide that knocked 11 per cent off San Jose , California-based Cisco's share price last year.Cisco rose 0.2 per cent to $20.28 in early trading at 8:39 a.m. New York time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12027307", "title": "Incarcerated Myanmarese family likely to be released soon", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Finally, there is a ray of hope for the Myanmarese family, languishing in Punjab jails despite completion of their jail term, as the Union government on Friday informed the Punjab and Haryana high court that the issue of their repatriation has been sorted out at the highest level and release orders would arrive soon.This was stated by the counsel for Union government, Onkar Singh Batalvi before a division bench comprising chief justice Ranjan Gogoi and justice Mahesh Grover.The plight of these detainees came to light when a detainee, Noor Hussein, sent an application on July 25 last year from central jail, Amritsar to the high court informing how he, along with 19 other family members including children and women , were caught in September 2008, while they were trying to enter Pakistan via Indian territory.A case was registered against them under Passport Act and Foreigners Act. On July 8, 2009, they were awarded nine months' rigorous imprisonment, which ended in January 2010. But despite completion of sentence, they were not freed due to absence of any policy in this regard.Acting on his application, an inquiry was conducted by justice S K Mittal which revealed that 19 members of the family were languishing in various jails and that such unauthorized incarceration amounts to gross violation of human rights. It was also revealed that they could not be released because of some pending extradition proceedings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12027019", "title": "79-yr-old home-alone woman killed", "text": "CHENNAI: A 79-year-old woman was found dead in her ground floor apartment in Ullagaram near Madipakkam on Friday afternoon with her hands and feet tied. Later inspections revealed that she had been robbed of 15 sovereigns of gold jewellery. A case of murder has been registered.Around noon, some neighbours who were surprised to see the door of the house open, went inside and found the woman, Padmasini, lying on the floor. They informed the police control room that alerted the Madipakkam police. A team of officials along with a sniffer dog rushed to the spot.Some of the neighbours told police that Padmasini was a cautious lady who always locked the grill gate and the door.Later, speaking to mediapersons, deputy commissioner of police A Saravanan said there were no signs of forced entry which indicated that the victim knew the person who committed the crime. He said the victim's hands and feet were tied and she had been strangled with a towel. Three special teams have been formed to probe the case, he said.Later in the afternoon, as news of the murder spread, fear gripped the locality as only a day earlier, five suspected bank robbers had been gunned down by police personnel in neighbouring Velachery.Police said Padmasini lived alone in Ashwin Apartments on Selvaganapathy Street after her husband Rajagopal died a few years ago. Her three sons and two daughters stayed with their families elsewhere in the city.One of her sons, who lived in nearby Madipakkam and brought her food daily, had visited her that morning, police said. Padmasini's children had gifted her the apartment, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12028097", "title": "Leprosy patients add colour to lives", "text": "CHENNAI: When Saravanan was diagnosed with leprosy as a young man, he was afraid that he would not be able to support himself. Today, the 62-yearold does what he loves for a living, painting trees, puppets and dolls.\"Don't let obstacles block your progress,\" says Saravanan, a student of Bindu Arts School, whose paintings along with that of other students will be up for auction on February 28 at Courtyard by Marriott. The event is a fundraiser for the school, located in the leprosy colony in Bharathapuram in Chengalpet. It teaches people affected by leprosy painting so that they can lead a life of dignity.\"They have overcome a lot of pain. What they paint is special as they depict what they see around them,\" says Austrian photographer Werner Dornik, who established the school with social activist Padma Venkataraman in 2005.Dornik first visited India in 1977. \"I met people with leprosy for the first time and decided to return and work for their welfare,\" he says. He returned in 1979 and came up with the idea of establishing an art school while visiting Venkataraman in Chennai.\"I was working with an old age home in Bharathapuram colony and they were complaining how they had nothing to look forward to,\" says Venkataraman, who has been working for the rehabilitation of people affected with leprosy for the past 22 years.Initially, people were resistant to learn to paint. \"They had never held a brush before and thought they were too old and crippled to learn,\" says Venkataraman. They also roped in artists N Ramachandran and V Anamika.At Bindu Arts School, no formal classes are held. \"We ask them to paint whatever they are familiar with to tap their creativity,\" says Ramachandran. The students, aged 25 to 84, work with black and white colours initially. \"Other colours are slowly introduced,\" says Dornik, who pays each student a monthly stipend of Rs 900. \"I wanted to stop them from begging,\" says Dornik, who displays their works at exhibitions across Indian and in Europe.\"At the end of the year, each student gets 30% of the proceeds from sales,\" he says. \"Last year, they got Rs 7,000 each.\"An exhibition of their works is on display till March 19 at Rhapsody in Marriott, which has partnered with the school. \"Ten of the best works will be put up for auction,\" says Dornik. \"The proceeds will help us pay their stipend and buy art supplies for the school. It also helps build their confidence.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12028054", "title": "Super birds", "text": "This Sunday, nearly 400 enthusiasts will participate in the annual 8th Mumbai Bird Race, to spot bird species in and around the city.Naturalist and avid bird-watcher , Sunjoy Monga, told TOI: \"We are all looking forward to the event, as quite a few rare species are likely to be spotted. The India Bird Races supported by HSBC , have becoming very popular affairs at several Indian metros.''Monga said the races are dawnto-dusk events where teams of birdwatching enthusiasts, from beginners to experts, from 7-year-olds to 81 years young, spend the day birding in and around the metropolitan region. At an interactive session in the evening participants will share their experiences.Nearly 286 species have been sighted on a day during a Mumbai bird race, and that will be the highest spotted within and around any metropolitan city in the day-lit hours. This activity came on the scene in 2005 in Mumbai and has since been conducted over the years in an increasing number of cities across India, with over 3,000 participating birdwatchers and birding enthusiasts registering.Birdwatchers from many townships and areas around also participate and bird-watch non-stop from dawn to dusk, with most of the region's experienced birdwatchers providing leadership to the unique event. Positioned as a fun event the race is aimed at generating awareness among people about bird life surrounding the region as well as support for the conservation of nature and environment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12026956", "title": "Goldsmith dies of alleged torture", "text": "MADURAI: A goldsmith, who was arrested in a fake jewellery case on Wednesday, died under mysterious circumstances on Friday morning. The shocked relatives have accused police for torturing and killing him.Saravanakumar (36) from Munichalai owned a small shop at South Avani Moola Street in Madurai. According to police, he learnt to make fake gold jewellery from some friends in Kumbakonam a few months ago. After returning to Madurai, he started manufacturing fake gold ornaments and pawned them in unregistered pawn shops to make quick money. He even started deploying people to pawn his fake ornaments and had pawned around 100 sovereigns of jewels at various places in the rural limits, police said.When a gold shop owner attempted to pledge the jewellery in a local bank, it was revealed that the ornaments were not genuine. He preferred a complaint with the Thilagar Thidal police who traced Saravanakumar. When the police raided his shop, they found Rs 2.29 lakh and five fake gold bangles. He was arrested, remanded by the police and locked up in the Madurai central prison on Wednesday. Under these circumstances, Saravanakumar complained about his health to prison authorities. He was sent to the Government Rajaji Hospital for treatment where he succumbed to death in the wee hours of Friday morning.However, his relatives charged that Saravanakumar was beaten mercilessly and the severe injuries that he sustained during the inquiry, had killed him. His father E Arumugam, denied the police version that he was the kingpin behind the fraud and said that he was only a worker who was part of the gang headed by one Dubai Pandi from Othakadai. \"Of late, my son started working on his own which irked Pandi and using his police nexus, he got him arrested on February 16. After holding him for two days, the police brought him home on February 18 and collected the jewels and Rs 40,000 cash from the house. The Rs 2.29 lakh they presented was actually collected from the family on Sunday. They demanded Rs 3 lakh from us and we collected and handed it over to the police,\" he stated. Kalarani, wife of Saravanakumar told media persons that all the family members including two children were taken to Thilagar Thidal police on Saturday. \"My husband said that the police were beating him black and blue,\" she said. Saravanakumar suffered from blood pressure and diabetes-related complaints and the police beating deteriorated his health, she said. \"The police have killed my son by beating him,\" Arumugam charged.However, police officials denied the charges levelled against them. They said Saravanakumar was formally presented to the magistrate and was remanded in the prison. If he had been tortured, it would have been revealed during the magistrate enquiry, they maintained. R Thirunavukkarasu, deputy commissioner (law and order) said a judicial enquiry had been ordered over the death. The actual cause of death can be ascertained only after the post mortem, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12027703", "title": "Brother-in-law arrested for girl's murder", "text": "LUCKNOW: Mohanlalganj police on Friday claimed to have worked out Asha murder case with the arrest of her brother-in-law Jeevan Kashyap.The police claimed that Jeevan killed Asha as he had illicit relation with her and he did not want her to have relation with anybody else.He even did not want her to marry. When Asha opposed this, Jeevan killed her. Asha's body was found in a pool at the house of Rajeev K Dutt, a resident of Don Bosco Institute Colony in Mohanlalganj, on Tuesday evening.Asha had been working at Rajeev's house for over two years. It was Jeevan who had introduced Asha to Rajeev. On Monday morning, Rajeev found that Asha was missing from her room. After searching for her, he lodged a missing complaint with Mohanlalganj police. However, Mohanlalganj police did not pay heed to the application. Later, Asha's body was found in the pool.The police said Jeevan was arrested on the basis of circumstantial evidence and no corroborative evidence was found against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12026247", "title": "SC raps Narendra Modi govt on appointment of encounter panel chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday questioned the Narendra Modi government's unilateral decision to appoint former Bombay High Court chief justice Kshitij R Vyas as chief of the committee monitoring the Special Task Force's probe into several encounter killings in Gujarat between 2002 and 2006.Within a week of Justice M B Shah, a retired Supreme Court judge, expressing inability to continue as head of the committee, the state on Thursday appointed Justice Vyas in his place.A bench of Justices Aftab Alam and Ranjana P Desai questioned the Modi government's decision to appoint Justice Vyas without consulting the apex court, where a PIL by prominent citizens B G Verghese and Javed Akhtar has been pending since 2007 seeking independent probe into the \"extra-judicial\" killings.\"We should also have been told about the proposal for the appointment of new chairman,\" the bench said when senior advocate Ranjit Kumar and Gujarat's additional advocate general Tushar Mehta said that the notification for appointment of Justice Vyas, a former chairman of Maharashtra Human Rights Commission, was issued on Thursday.Mehta said the new chairman was appointed because, as per the apex court's January 25 order, the committee had to file its interim report within three months, which was ending on April 24. The bench, however, said the appointment should have been made by consulting the court as it had passed the earlier order. Moreover, since the matter was coming up for hearing on Friday, why could the government not wait for a day, the bench asked.\"You have unnecessarily complicated the matter (by making the unilateral appointment). You should have come to us. You should have waited. You should have brought it to our notice,\" it said.The Gujarat government had appointed Justice Shah in April last year as head of the committee to monitor investigations into the encounter killings after it was alleged that the encounters showed a pattern that people from the minority community were being targeted as terrorists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12026305", "title": "ERDA likely to open lab in Indore", "text": "INDORE: Electrical Research and Development Association (ERDA), accredited by the National Accreditation Board for Testing and Calibration Laboratories under the Government of India, is planning to start a laboratory in Indore. The move can benefit MP Western Region Power Distribution company, large and medium scale industries which use the diagnosis service of ERDA to improve availability and reliability of the electrical equipments thereby also leading to energy efficiency.The move was facilitated during a one-day workshop on energy efficiency, testing and calibration services organized by ERDA in association with Essen Energy Technologies here on Friday. The workshop also explored the possibility of extending the service of energy audit by ERDA to large and medium industries which may help in reducing 50 KW of power in the region in next few years.Navin Goyal, director of Essen Energy and a nodal representative of ERDA, said adopting new technology and energy audit practice can help save energy in the region. During the workshop, idea was also floated to form energy circle on the lines of quality circle which would save energy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12025781", "title": "We're close to sixth mass extinction", "text": "NAGPUR: \"We are not very far from extinction,\" said Theirry Adatte, a professor from department of geology, University of Laussane, Switzerland. Theirry was speaking on 'New Evidence links Deccan Traps to the Cretaceous- Tertiary Boundary Mass Extinction' at the Conference Hall of the post graduate department of geology, Nagpur University (NU), on Friday.The talk was organized by the Alumni Association of the department in memory of late Sripadrao Kilpady, founder head of the department who passed away in Australia recently at age 102. Cretaceous-Tertiary Boundary (KTB) was a tumultuous era with mega volcanic activity that is believed to be the factor for extinction of hundreds of species of flora and fauna including possibly the mighty dinosaurs.\"Dinosaurs were much diversified creatures and lived 65 million years ago. While evidences show that the first of their species occurred 200 million years ago their much believed extinction is not true. One branch of them still survives in the form of birds. We can say just as humans emerged from apes, birds came into existence from dinosaurs,\" said Theirry.He explained there were two theories about extinction of the gigantic creatures. First being the assumption that the collision of the giant meteorite on earth led to the destruction of vegetation and breaking of food chain on which these creatures survived. The second was that before the existence of dinosaurs, four mass extinctions had taken place. There were no meteorite collisions during those phases. Volcanic activity, acid rains, green house gases in the atmosphere etc were the reasons behind the extinction. Dinosaurs started to lose their diversity two million years before the KTB and therefore the impact of the meteorite alone could not explain their extinction.Theirry stated, \"In today's world, humans are releasing CO2 and SO2 in the atmosphere. The pace of the release by humans is 250 times more compared to nature's.\"He concluded the talk saying, \"The next extinction is close if not for me then definitely for my grandchildren. Currently we are trying to forecast from the past extinctions the future ones. The sixth major mass extinction is closer than we know about.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12030544", "title": "Karan V Grover, Suhasi Dhami are technology freaks", "text": "Karan V. Grover, who plays the lead role of Karan in Yahaan Main Ghar Ghar Kheli is a self confessed gadget freak!The handsome lad is extremely tech savvy and is often seen glued to gadget magazines and checking out the new products out in the market. The latest addition to his kitty is his brand new IPAD!Karan and his new IPAD are totally inseparable! \"They have become inseparable soul mates\", says a crew member! Following his footsteps, is the gorgeous Suhasi Dhami (Abha), who has also caught onto the latest fad! Says the lissome lady, \"Karan introduced me to the IPad and trust me, it's the best thing I have ever purchased! It's so cool!\"Recently, Karan and Suhasi were startled when Alok Nath ji (Thakur Uday Pratap) thundered, \"What is wrong with you kids?... earlier all of us used to talk so much while nowadays, I just see you all staring down at your iPad screens all the time.\" Karan calmly walked over to him and showed him the cool gadget and taught him how to play games and use the other features of the gadget.\"I am sure very soon even Alok Sir will get an IPAD of his own. These days he plays games on the IPAD with childlike enthusiasm,\" chuckles Suhasi. Karan and Suhasi are often spotted discussing the latest applications on their iPads or watching movies together. These gadgets have not only become stress busters but also as a ready reckoner for any kind of information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12026373", "title": "VAT rate anti-people: Opposition", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Opposition criticized the state government for raising the lower rate of VAT, dubbing it as an \"anti-people\" move.\"When the government has presented a revenue surplus budget with Rs 2,410 crore excess, why did it have to enhance base rate of VAT from 4 to 5%?\" asked Congress whip Prasad Harichandan. \"Increasing VAT would fetch, going by government estimates, around Rs 440 crore. When Rs 2410 crore surplus was available, the tax hike could have been easily avoided. It makes no logic to burden the common man,\" he said.BJP-backed Independent MLA Pratap Sarangi described the budget as \"routine\", saying the state government did not have the will to improve the socio-economic condition of the people. He flayed the government for alleged lack of focus on education and health sectors.State BJP spokesperson Ashok Sahu said the budget was \"anti-poor\" and \"anti-farmer\". \"The allotment for SC and ST was too meagre compared to their percentage in the population. The huge budgetary allotment under plan and non-plan is seldom spent during the fiscal. It is only a jugglery of figures meant to mislead the people,\" Sahu added.CPM state secretary Janardan Pati, in his reaction, said this budget is no departure from the old \"pro-liberal economic policy\" of the government. He said the government has increased VAT on medicines even when the cost of medicine was going up everyday. He said in this budget there is no provision to solve the unemployment problem.\"It is a pro-capitalistic budget. Sufferings of the people will not be mitigated through it,\" said Pati. He added it will only enhance profit of the rich. Secretary of state CPI Dibakar Nayak described the budget as 'directionless'. He said the budget would not fulfill the needs and priorities of important areas like health and education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12027712", "title": "More CWG works under CBI lens", "text": "NEW DELHI: Widening the ambit of its probe into the Commonwealth Games (CWG) scam, the Central Bureau of Investigation has registered two Preliminary Enquiries (PEs) related to alleged irregularities into two projects taken up by New Delhi Municipal Council - renovation of Connaught Place and upgradation of street lighting at NDMC areas. The projects had earlier been slammed by Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) in its report. The PEs have been registered against unnamed NDMC officials, said CBI sources.The delay in the renovation of Connaught Place led to a nine-fold increase in the scope and cost of the project, said the agency. The avoidable expenditure was caused partly by the inclusion of the project under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) by the government.While the original cost estimate was Rs 76 crore in May 2005, it rose to Rs 671 crore in July 2007. CBI sources said that EIL (Engineers India Limited), the consultant of the project, is also under the lens along with NDMC officials.The CAG report had blamed the corporation in its report saying, \"NDMC should have divided this project into manageable packages to minimise traffic disruption. It should have taken up only those project components which could have been completed by June 2010 (before the onset of monsoon). NDMC, however, chose not to follow such an approach\".Pointing out various deficiencies in contract management, the report had said that granite stone kerb was used in the inner and outer circles of CP instead of concrete. It caused an additional expenditure of Rs.5.97 crore. \"This included avoidable expenditure of Rs 0.61 crore, due to an unjustified change in the colour of granite stone kerb from 'Sindoori Red' to 'Rajashri Red',\" the CAG report had stated.\"The project was plagued by undue delays. The decision to initiate action was taken in April 2004. But the Detailed Project Report (DPR) was submitted only in February 2008 and DUAC clearance was received in November 2008,\" the report said.The street lighting project - worth Rs 34 crore - awarded by NDMC to Philips India is also under the CBI scanner. The CAG report had said, \"NDMC opted for a \"design- based approach\" wherein each bidder was asked to submit road side design and compute the quantity for each item required to meet the target illumination level and to quote the rates for items required. The design-based tender placed Philips at an advantageous position with respect to other bidders, the report said.The agency is already probing 10 CWG-related scams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12026793", "title": "Swargate terminus still lacks round-the-clock security", "text": "PUNE: One month after Santosh Mane's murderous bus ride, the Swargate terminus of the Maharashtra State Transport Corporation (MSRTC) still lacks round-the-clock security arrangements at the entry-exit gates. Though four additional security guards have been deployed, they work only on day shifts, leaving the entry-exit gates unattended at night.The MSRTC has, however, restricted the entry of private vehicles in the bus terminus. Also, the drivers now park buses only in designated parking slots and do not leave the vehicles unattended on platforms. The MSRTC also does not allow drivers to take out a bus from the terminus unless an entry is marked in a log sheet.ST driver Mane, after reporting on duty, had gotten hold of an untended bus parked at Swargate bus terminus on January 25 and went on a rampage, killing nine people and leaving 31 injured.Soon after the incident, the MSRTC took steps to streamline the movement of buses at the Swargate terminus.When the TOI reporter visited the terminus on Friday afternoon, it was found that private vehicles were parked near the entry and exit gates. It was also found that the gates and footpaths outside the terminus were encroached upon by fruit vendors and hawkers. There were hardly any signboards to assist passengers. Even buses parked at the terminus were unattended.As many as 1,740 buses and around 70,000 passengers travel from Swargate on a daily basis. The buses travel to destinations in south Maharashtra, Mumbai and Thane areas.Senior depot manager of the Swargate bus terminus, V S Divte said, \"On January 25, Mane took out a bus which was parked unattended and was not assigned to him. To prevent repeat of such incidents, we have asked the drivers to switch-off the main switch of the bus and also park the bus at designated parking slot. A staff is appointed to monitor the movement of buses.\"Divte said steps are being taken to further enhance the security arrangements. \"Nine guards are working at present in day shifts from 6 am to 10 pm. We are planning to appoint guards for night hours as well. Continuous efforts are being taken to clear encroachments within the terminus. A separate space is allotted within the terminus for private vehicles like autorickshaws, two-wheelers and four-wheelers that come to the terminus to drop and pick-up passengers.\" Divte said repeated follow ups are taken with the head office pertaining the installation of CCTV surveillance cameras at the terminus.A senior MSRTC official said a high-level committee constituted after the incident is examining various issues pertaining to provision of separate locking system for bus, advanced monitoring system at entry-exit gates of all prominent termini and psychological tests of drivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12027050", "title": "Koyambedu market may get fresh look", "text": "CHENNAI: Koyambedu market has rotted in neglect for more than a decade but an epiphany could be on the way for one of the largest wholesale vegetable markets in Asia .Tamil Nadu Urban Infrastructure Financial Services Ltd (TNUIFSL) has prepared a final report with recommendations on how the 295-acre market can be converted into a world-class facility. It will soon submit the study to the Koyambedu Market Management Committee (MMC). The project will be implemented once the government approves the proposal.Traders and customers have choked in dust and mucked through slush on the pothole-dotted roads of the market since it was built in 1996. The lack of a proper drainage network and a flawed waste disposal system causes garbage and dirt to pile up in mounds, leaving customers and traders nauseated.The metro rail project has made matters worse, say customers. \"The area around the market is dustier these days,\" says R Vasanth Raj, who regularly shops for at the market. \"When it rains, it quickly floods the market and roads turn slushy and impossible to use.\"This could all change if the report by TNUIFSL is implemented, MMC chief administrative officer P Senthil Kumar says. \"TNUIFSL has submitted a draft of a report and we have had discussions on the suggestions made,\" he says.\"A final report will be sent to the government to make the market a modern facility that will have quality concrete roads, proper garbage clearance, electric lights and restroom facilities for workers apart from a stormwater drain system,\" he said. He also said the facilities are to be refurbished at the cost of 33 crore that will be provided by Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority.The plans include the purchase of 59 new dustbins. \"We have decided to remove damaged dustbins and replace them with bigger ones so the garbage will not spill over to the road,\" Kumar says.There is one hitch, however. The government has yet to appoint market committee members. But the MMC chief and former committee officials are confident that this is only a formality and will be completed soon. \"The government will not waste time on the appointments once it approves the plan as the committee members are responsible for the development and maintenance of the market,\" said V R Soundarajan, a former executive member of MMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12027910", "title": "'Strengthen mechanisms to empower women'", "text": "PANAJI: Strengthening mechanisms to curb violence against women in the family and society rather than only providing them with doles and financial assistance through government schemes will help bring about their real empowerment, women activists said.Political parties follow up women's issues only to suit their agendas but ignore pressing issues affecting women. At a workshop organized by Bailancho Saad, women activists from self-help groups discussed the increasing cases of violence against women both in domestic and public sphere. \"There is a breakdown of systems to address crimes against women and we want political parties to look into the issue,\" Sabina Martins, spokesperson of Bailancho Saad said.The participants noted that though a total of 17 political parties have fielded 141 candidates, only six of these outfits have backed eight female candidates. Two more women are contesting as independents.'The major obstacles to women's empowerment are violence both in the family and society, but if this is tackled, they will be able to avail opportunities of education and employment,\" a speaker said.Policies must have a gender perspective and must be formulated with the participation of women as stakeholders.\"Women are getting financial assistance through several government schemes, but how can they avail the facilities when they cannot get out of the house without being beaten, raped and molested?\" an activist asked.Terming violence against women as the biggest obstacle to their empowerment, the workshop discussed the collapse of the women's police stations due to lack of staff, vehicles and counseling systems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12028133", "title": "SIT to probe Kripa's crores", "text": "Additional commissioner of police (economic offences wing) Rajwardhan Sinha will head a special investigation team (SIT) to probe the corruption case against Congress leader Kripashankar Singh and his family.Sources said the police will register an FIR on Saturday following the Bombay high court order. The court had also told city police commissioner Arup Patnaik to investigate the case.The SIT will comprise two assistant commissioners, four inspectors and three assistant inspectors and sub-inspectors . The sources said Patnaik has handpicked officers with proven expertise in similar investigations . ACP Rane, senior inspector Shashank Sanbhor and inspector Dilip Deshmukh have been selected for the SIT team.Patnaik, who will supervise the probe, headed the probe against scamsters Harshad Mehta and Ketan Parekh during his stint in the Central Bureau of Investigation . The police have to file a report to the high court on April 19.Patnaik said, \"I have chalked out a plan and our team's work will start on Saturday. It's a lengthy investigation and we will definitely hire private chartered accountants (CAs) with government permission to assist us.\"A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Roshan Dalvi had on Wednesday directed Patnaik to file an FIR against Singh for criminal misconduct and attach properties belonging to him and his family members under the Prevention of Corruption Act.The court's order came during the hearing of a PIL filed by activist Sanjay Tiwari last year. Tiwari had alleged that Singh had amassed crores of rupees disproportionate to his known sources of income.The HC told Patnaik to personally investigate the case against Singh, his wife Malti Devi, son Narendra Kumar Singh, daughter-in-law Ankita Singh, daughter Sunita Singh and son-in-law Vijay Pratap Singh.The high court had also ordered the attachment of 15 properties estimated to be worth Rs320 crore owned by Singh's family. Several of these are in Mumbai's prime areas. Among them are a 5,000-sq-ft bungalow worth Rs40 crore on Bandra's Carter Road and a 2,000-sq-ft flat in Hiranandani Garden in Powai, and a 250-acre plot in Ratnagiri.Congress and NCP are corrupting politics: BJPThe Bharatiya Janta Party (BJP) on Friday blamed coalition partners Congress and Nationalist Congress Party for criminalizing and corrupting Maharashtra politics. BJP national spokesperson Prakash Javadekar said the case of the party's former Mumbai president Kripashankar Singh amassing wealth beyond his means was the tip of the iceberg. \"A thorough probe into the Mumbai Regional Congress Committee's affairs would reveal several other leaders hoarding similar amounts of disproportionate wealth,\" he said. Hitting out at senior NCP leader and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, he demanded a probe into the excessive use of money andmuscle power by Pawar during the recent corporation and zilla parishad elections in the state. The scale and extent of violence, Javadekar said, was a matter of concern. \"We are determined to expose the nexus and demand that the state government releases data on how many criminals were let out on parole during the elections,\" he said. Corruption and use of muscle power were the main reasons for the dismal show by the Congress, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "paris", "code": "12027960", "title": "Meet &amp; seat: You can pick in-flight neighbours now", "text": "PARIS: On his eight-hour flight to New York from Switzerland last month, Jeff Jarvis, a well-known blogger and journalism professor, found himself seated next to a woman eager to discuss the finer points of management theory. \"Normally, it would have been fine to chat, but I had work to do,\" he said.When, after a while, the conversation failed to find a natural end, Jarvis resorted to the road warrior's triedand-true trick: He donned his headphones.Jarvis, whose book 'Public Parts' argues about the virtues of engaging with people online, conceded that such experiences made him wary about doing the same in an airplane setting.But what if those odds could be improved with access to the information that passengers already share about themselves online?This month, the Dutch carrier KLM began testing a program it calls Meet and Seat, allowing ticket-holders to upload details from their Facebook or LinkedIn profiles and use the data to choose seatmates.The concept is a step beyond the not always successful efforts a few years ago by some airlines - including Air France, Virgin Atlantic and Lufthansa - to build \"walled\" social networks out of their existing frequent flier memberships.\"For at least 10 years, there has been this question about serendipity and whether you could improve the chances of meeting someone interesting onboard ,\" said Erik Varwijk, a managing director in charge of passenger business at KLM. \"But the technology just wasn't available.\"Relative latecomers to the social media party, airlines are quickly becoming sophisticated users of online networks, not only as marketing tools, but as a low-cost way to learn more about their customers and their preferences.Last year, Malaysia Airlines introduced MHBuddy, an application that allows users who book and check in via the carrier's Facebook page to see whether any of their \"friends\" will be on the same flight.Airlines are not the only ones betting on the concept.Planely, a Danish startup , allows registered users who submit their itineraries to view the Facebook and LinkedIn profiles of others who will be on flights with them. Satisfly, based in Hong Kong, allows users to submit profile information as well as their flight \"moods\" - whether they would prefer to talk shop or chat casually - and other details like languages spoken and preferences about potential.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12024438", "title": "No press freedom in Nitish Kumar's Bihar: Press Council chief Katju", "text": "PATNA: Press Council of India chairman Justice Markandey Katju said on Friday that the Nitish Kumar-led Bihar government harassed the media if they wrote against it.Katju said the information he had gathered about the media in Bihar was \"not good\". He reminded the Nitish Kumar government that its alleged action against the press was a violation of the Constitution. A three-member PCI team will be sent to Bihar soon for an investigation, he added.Katju's statement during an interaction at the Senate Hall of Patna University sparked instant protest by the principal of Patna College, Lalkeshwar Prasad, who left in a huff. It caused disruption in the programme for some time.After the departure of Prasad, Katju said: \"I am a thoroughly democratic person. If anybody doesn't agree to whatever I say ... they should not try to disturb ... don't pick up a fight with a man from Allahabad. I know how to set things right.\"At the start of the interaction, he said: \"I have heard that the present government established better law and order in Bihar compared to the erstwhile rule of Lalu Prasad.\"The second thing I have heard is that there was freedom of the press during Lalu's rule ... but press doesn't enjoy freedom at present.\"\"The information I have gathered about the media in Bihar is not good ... whatever is happening here is not good,\" he added.Katju said: \"Whatever I have heard or come across I am narrating here ... I have not yet established my opinion at this stage fully ... but whatever information I have gathered on the basis of it I can at least say that I will get it inquired into.\"He said that if any reporter wrote anything against the government, ministers or officials in the state, pressure was built on the owner and the management of the media house for removing him from service or to transfer him to small towns.On Wednesday, Katju had issued show-cause notice to the Maharashtra chief minister and threatened to recommend dismissal of the state government to the President over attacks on journalists in the state.\"I have been told that people don't muster courage to write against the Bihar government or its officials,\" Katju said, adding that any attack by the state government on the freedom of press was a violation of Section 19 of the Constitution.\"The Constitution is being violated by such people and they don't want the Constitution to function.\"You are a government, but you are not above the Constitution ... you are below it,\" he added.Reciting a couplet of Kabir, Katju said \"nindak apka mitra hai, woh aapki kamiyon ko batata hai, woh aapka dushman nahin hai (A critic is your friend as he points out your flaws. He is not your enemy).\" I will give a similar suggestion to the Bihar government and it should adhere to it,\" he said.The former Supreme Court judge said that if any newspaper or magazine wrote against anybody it should not be treated as bad and should not be made into a prestige issue.The freedom of the press was necessary for upholding democracy, he said, adding any government should take it otherwise if the press criticized it.Katju said that whenever the PCI received complaints, they were probed as had recently happened in Madhya Pradesh. The PCI sent a team to inquire into the killing of the entire family of Chandrika Rai.\"Previously we sent a team to Maharashtra to probe decade-old cases related to attack on over 800 reporters following complaints received,\" he said.Katju also referred to the case related to alleged assault on four reporters by police in Kashmir and said he had written to the chief minister that it would not be tolerated.\"I have also sent similar letters to CMs of Chhatisgarh and Uttar Pradesh following complaints,\" he said.Stating that the media and intellectuals should follow what their colleagues did in Europe, he said the media and intellectuals should attack communalism and superstition to promote scientific thought.When students and teachers raised questions about paid news, he replied that an MLA of UP had been held guilty of such a complaint and the EC had cancelled his membership following a letter written to it by the PCI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12030675", "title": "Being gay is not a disease: Hrithik Roshan", "text": "Hrithik Roshan speaks out against homosexual discriminationThe issue of gay rights caused another brouhaha on Thursday, with the home ministry calling gay sex \"immoral\" and \"against social order\", even seeking a fresh ban on it. Additional Social General (ASG) PP Malhotra appeared for the ministry and argued that Indian society is different from other countries, and could not imitate practices prevalent in foreign countries. \"There is a high chance of spreading of diseases through such acts,\" he contended, opposing the Delhi's High Court order which had in 2009 decriminalised gay sex as provided in Section 377 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).While the home ministry later made it clear that Malhotra's opposition did not reflect the government's decision not to take sides on gay sex, gay icon Hrithik Roshan is not ready to sit on the fence. He speaks out against discrimination and more.\"Discrimination against homosexuals is exactly that - discrimination. And ANY form of discrimination is WRONG. It's taken us hundreds of years to evolve as a society and realise how ridiculous and preposterous discrimination against race/caste is. How many more years is it going to take us to be mature enough and learn to accept individual sexual inclination? Perhaps the starting point is to understand that homosexuality is NOT a matter of choice.You cannot choose to be gay just because your friends are or vice versa. You cannot force someone to be attracted to someone they are not attracted to. It is perhaps genetically encoded. One is basically hardwired to be or not be attracted to the same sex. Which means it is a part of your genetic characteristic. You are born that way. Which means it is a part of and in alignment with the delicate balance of all the nature around us. Also it has existed since the evolution of man, so how can something that is part of nature and has existed forever be considered immoral beats me!I can't even imagine the extent of mental confusion and frustration inflicted on a young mind that is trying to grasp why he is made different and \"not normal\" (in terms of the world's perception). Being gay is NOT a disease we need to fear! It's ridiculous that there are people trying to stop it from spreading! God has made us same, but different. There are examples of all kinds of people in this world, and they probably exist to teach us tolerance and universal love. There are dwarfs, stutterers, fat people, hairy people, etc. I was discriminated against for a simple thing like a double thumb, which made me feel like an outcast throughout my childhood. How unwanted is that? It is a form of the same madness and it needs to stop.Some of the most artistic, creative, genius, gifted minds in the world have had a similar sexual orientation. Any society that does not offer freedom to human beings to live as they are, to pursue their dreams, to express themselves as part of the human race is basically a society still in the clutches of the dark ages.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "gnd stadium", "code": "12027539", "title": "Sportspersons have a reason to smile", "text": "GND Stadium: There is some good news for sportspersons who spend most of their time practising at the multipurpose gymnasium of Guru Nanak Dev Stadium. The sports department has started renovating the hall so that players can use the hall without interruptions whether rain or shine.The gym's hall will be reconstructed and better lighting will also be installed. The hall had been in miserable condition with the roof leaking during rainy days, forcing players to suspend practice. The dripping water had also spoiled other infrastructure like the wooden court for handball.Sports authorities claim that they will complete the renovation work within a month so that athletes can start practice sessions soon. District sports officer Surjeet Singh said, \"The hall is in dire need of renovation. Seven years ago the state government had released Rs 20 lakh for renovating the hall but none of the district sports authorities took the initiative for getting the work done.''Singh added that the authorities had spent Rs 5 lakh on making the wooden court but it was of such poor quality that players have not been able to use it.Of the Rs 20 lakh that was granted seven years ago, the authorities have Rs 14,52,000. However, they said it is not enough for renovation. Considering the demand for more grants, former director, sports, Pargat Singh sanctioned Rs 15 lakh more for renovation. \"The money we had in hand was very less for all the work that needs to be done. However, now that the state sports department has sanctioned more grant, we hope to be able to improve the gym's condition to a great extent,'' he added.According to Singh, they will use galvanized sheets instead of cement sheets for the roof so that it will not be affected by different weather conditions. \"We will also set up proper lighting in the hall so that we can organize national level competitions,'' he added.Judo player Rahul Kumar said he is happy that finally the authorities have started renovating the hall because the athletes were having a tough time. \"We have been doing our practice sessions at a nearby ground and are eagerly waiting for the renovation to complete so that we can use the hall in the proper way,'' said Surinder Singh, another sportsperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12026879", "title": "Rs 6L robbery: White Zen gang back?", "text": "PANCHKULA: A robbery in broad daylight at Sector 14 on Friday has Panchkula police believing that white Zen gang has returned. Three youths, who came in a white zen, robbed two employees of a transport company located in Industrial area phase-1,of Rs 6 lakh at gun-point. Sant Lal and Vikas were returning after withdrawing the amount from a Sector 11 bank. The robbers, wearing monkey caps, used the same modus operandi as white Zen gang. \"They attempted to snatch bag through window of the car. When failed, they hit the bike of victims, who fell down. One of them came out and pointed a pistol on Sant Lal while the other two snatched the bag,\" said additional SHO Shyam Lal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12027490", "title": "Munjal is AICMA president", "text": "LUDHIANA: Pankaj Munjal, co chairman and managing director of Hero cycles, has joined as the president of All India cycle manufacturers' association (AICMA).He said it's an honour to take over this position. There is 12% tax on bicycle, which is an item of basic necessity for economic class, he said, saying that as AICMA president, he will stress on the reform of the tax structure.He said the waiver could foster expansion of the cycle market that stands at about 15 million units annually now, as compared to 80 million units in China. Resident of Model Town, Munjal is now settled in Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12025871", "title": "83 men fined in Gurgaon metro for entering women coaches", "text": "GURGAON: Delhi Metro has penalized 83 men on the Gurgaon line during the past week for travelling in the women's coaches on trains. The special drive was conducted for a week following complaints from women passengers regarding entry and misbehaviour by male passengers inside the women's coach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12026304", "title": "Adarsh interim report soon", "text": "MUMBAI: Over a year after it was set up and three extensions later, the Adarsh commission on Friday ruled that it would deliver an interim report on the inquiry.Justice (retired) J A Patil and member P Subrahmanyam agreed to a plea by the state to give its final findings on two of the 13 issues before the commission-who owned the land that was allotted to Adarsh in 2004 and whether it was meant for housing war heroes and Kargil war widows.The commission has directed all the parties in the case-state government, ministry of defence (MoD), Adarsh members, ministry of environment and forests and MMRDA to commence their arguments on the two issues on March 1.Interestingly, former chief ministers Vilasrao Deshmukh , Ashok Chavan and Sushilkumar Shinde will not be questioned on the two issues before the commission submits its report. Deshmukh and Shinde had allegedly signed the approval for Adarsh, while the allegation against Chavan is that he allegedly allowed civilians to be part of the society. \"We have fought a long battle to establish our claim on what rightly belonged to us,\" said advocate Aniket Nikam, counsel for MoD.The state claims ownership of the land which it says was reclaimed in the '70s. The army, however, has disputed this and said the land which was allotted to Adarsh was in its possession for over 40 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12025850", "title": "MADC mulls rate hike for Mihan land", "text": "NAGPUR: The Maharashtra Airport Development Company (MADC), which will be finalizing its deal with IT major Infosys Limited to lease 140 hectares of land in the Mihan-SEZ on February 28, feels it's time to revise the land rates. The MADC, which is the promoter of the Mihan project, says revision is necessary due to growing demand and changing times.This was revealed by MADC's vice-chairman-cum-managing director UPS Madan who was in the city to attend a business seminar. Since 2007, the MADC has been charging Rs 60 lakh an acre.\"There was no hike due to global recession. Revised figures will be put up before the board for a final decision,\" said Madan.So far, the MADC has hiked the rates 3-4 times after starting from Rs 19 lakh an acre in 2004. \"Even though there are cheaper SEZs in the country, Mihan can command a higher price due to the infrastructure here,\" said Madan.Madan said that things have begun to move once again in Mihan. \"IT companies which have been allotted land have now drawn plans to start work. TCS too plans to start its project by next month. Satyam and HCL too will do likewise soon,\" he said.With focus now shifting to the manufacturing sector, the MADC is wooing pharmaceutical industries to the SEZ. \"I have written to top 100 companies in the sector and negations are under way with a few. One of them is keen to take 200 acres of land,\" said Madan without naming the company. \"Lupin Pharma has also revived its interest in getting around 20 acres.\"Madan is also optimistic of resolving the land swap issue with the Indian Air Force (IAF) and giving a boost to the cargo hub project. The plan is IAF, which has a transport base near the airport, shifting to another site with MADC taking over the land. MADC will be offering 400 hectares instead of 278 hectares that it will take from IAF. MADC needs the IAF land as it requires a contiguous patch for the cargo hub being developed along with the SEZ.This was being held up due to various reasons with the latest problem being Airports Authority of India (AAI) claiming ownership on around 100 acres held by IAF even though the former is a joint venture partner with the MADC in the cargo hub. Madan said that the union civil aviation secretary, who visited Mihan recently, said he will take up the issue with his counterpart in the defence ministry.\"The aviation ministry will try and ensure that even if dispute continues the land is first transferred to Mihan India Limited (MIL),\" said Madan.\"Tenders for inviting the third partner for the airport are likely to be issued by June. Hopefully, the land swap issue will be resolved by that time,\" he added.The tenders for a taxiway to reach Boeing's MRO will be invited by March but the MADC is exploring ways to reduce the cost pegged at around Rs 80 crore at present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12025709", "title": "Mayor moves HC to get his \u2018rights\u2019", "text": "GURGAON: The city's mayor, on the one hand, is claiming to set things right under the jurisdiction of the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG), but on the other hand, is struggling to get the \"sanctioned\" staff and facilities for himself. Left with no option, mayor Vimal Yadav took the matter to Punjab and Haryana high court on Thursday after his several letters and efforts to get the facilities and manpower did not yield any result.\"What else could I do when my writing to the municipal commissioner, top officials and state government had no impact? This sends a bad signal. When I have to fight so much for something that the mayor should get from Day 1 as per the norms, you can imagine how much we have to struggle for people's rights,\" Yadav told TOI.Months ago, this paper had first reported how the mayor had planned to approach the courts. The case has been filed against the municipal commissioner, financial commissioner of urban local bodies and the Haryana government. The petitioner has taken them to the court on three accounts - non-deployment of eight personal staff of mayor, his official residence and camp office.The court on Thursday asked the defendants to respond within 15 days and then the hearing will resume. Though the mayor has not blamed \"political discrimination\" for the issue, he has submitted the entire episode of his selection after the first ever civic poll for the corporation.Earlier, sources in the municipal body had said that the needs of the mayor and his deputies were not met for months despite chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda verbally telling the municipal leaders that their demand for support staff would be cleared. Yadav said that he had written a series of letters to all officials and agencies concerned for official accommodation, which he is entitled to get as the first citizen of the city.Sources said things are not coming to the municipal leaders so easily since they are close to local MP Rao Inderjit Singh, who is seen as a competitor to the chief minister. The differences between the Hooda and Inderjit camps had come to light after the municipal poll results were out with Independents winning the majority of the seats. There were reports of the local MP shifting Yadav's supporters out of Gurgaon to undisclosed places so that none of them could be poached by the opposition group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12031179", "title": "Trial of Indian student in roommate's suicide begins", "text": "NEW YORK: The trial of an Indian-origin Rutgers University student accused of spying on his roommate's sexual encounter with another man began today with attorneys preparing to give their opening statements.Dharun Ravi is charged in a 15-count indictment with bias intimidation, invasion of privacy and hindering apprehension for using a web cam to spy on his roommate Tyler Clementi.Clementi committed suicide in September 2010 by jumping off the George Washington bridge near here a few days after Ravi wrote about the sexual encounter on microblogging site Twitter.Ravi, 19 has pleaded not guilty and had also rejected a plea deal under which he would have avoided jail term but would have had to perform 600 hours of community service and receive counselling.Ravi, who has not been charged with Clementi's death, has insisted that he meant no harm when he spied on his roommate and cannot be blamed for his death. The Indian student faces up to 10 years in state prison if convicted.The case has generated nationwide interest with rights groups expressing concerns over bullying of young men and women for being homosexuals. The trial, taking place in New Jersey near here, is expected to last 3-4 weeks.The testimony of the other man who was with Clementi in his room is being assumed as key in the case. So far, his identity has not been revealed and he has been identified only as by the initials 'M B.'Jury selection in the case was completed earlier this week. Of 185 people who had responded to the court's questionnaires, Superior Court Judge Glenn Berman and the attorneys finalised 16 jurors to decide Ravi's fate.Closing his 30-minute opening statement, Altman said Ravi is \"not hateful. He's not a bigot. At 18, he didn't have enough experience in life to know about being gay or homosexuality. When we get done here, you are going to see he might be stupid at times, he is certainly not a criminal.\"Prosecutors, however, countered saying Ravi acted on purpose and wanted to \"brand Tyler as different from everybody else... as gay to set him up for contempt.\"The defendant's acts were not a prank, they were not an accident and they were not a mistake,\" first assistant prosecutor for Middlesex County Julia McClure told the jury in her opening statement.\"These acts were purposeful, they were intentional and they were planned. They were mean-spirited, they were malicious, and they were criminal. Those acts were meant to cross one of the most sacred boundaries of human privacy, engaging in private sexual human activity.\"McClure said Ravi's conduct is not about him having to like his roommate's sexual orientation. \"This is about Dharun Ravi having the decency to respect it and to respect Tyler's dignity and privacy and the defendant did not do that.\"Altman argued that the spying through the webcam lasted just two to five seconds, and it showed nothing more than two men kissing.\"Nobody ever broadcast anything. Nobody transmitted anything. Nobody recorded anything. Nobody reproduced any image of anything,\" Altman said. \"Nothing.\"Altman stressed Ravi never harassed or ridiculed his roommate, and nor did he say \"anything bad\" about Clementi. He added that Ravi thought Clementi was a \"nice guy. He never had a problem with him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12026771", "title": "Gender budget to focus on health, childcare", "text": "PUNE: Gender budgeting, introduced in 2008-09, and has retained its place in this year's Pune Municipal Corporation's budget along with continuation of projects under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) which enters its second phase.The gender budget assumes more significance as women corporators outnumber their male counterparts this time. Gender budgeting takes into account how much money has been spent on projects concerning women in comparison to men. More than the amount of money allocated, the aim is to choose projects from women's perspective.For example, the civic body had spent Rs 1 crore on construction of public toilets for women in 2009-2010, which was increased to Rs 1.61 crore in 2010-2011. In 2011-12, about Rs 4.91 crore was allocated and Rs 3.55 crore was spent for this purpose.A total of 57 ladies' toilets have been built under the jurisdiction of 14 ward offices, while the process to locate land and issue tenders for building 30 more toilets is underway. \"This year, steps will be taken to speed up projects.Important facilities for healthcare and social security for women will be provided via gender budgeting,\" municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak said.A gender budget includes* Newborn baby care* Family planning guidance* Healthcare programmes for women* Women security and counseling* Mother and childcare programmes* Markets for self-help groups* Self-employment training for destitute, deserted womenJNNURM* Keeping environment as a focal point while planning the development of a city* Making detailed project reports* Effective implementation of Bus Rapid Transit System* Completion of roads with private partnership* Special cell for land acquisition* Various projects of water, solid waste management under JNNURM part 2", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12030652", "title": "Muay Thai, the newest power workout", "text": "Muay Thai, a martial art from Thailand, is the newest power workout on the gym floor. Here's what it's all aboutW hen Ajay Devgn wanted to polish up his fighting form for Singham, he turned to Muay Thai. So does John Abraham when he wants to mix up his exercise routine. As the days of kick-boxing and Capoeira wane, Muay Thai, a traditional martial art from Thailand, is finding popularity with the city's fitness chasers. What differentiates it from kick-boxing is that apart from just kicks and punches, says expert Biki Bora, Muay Thai teaches you body awareness, tactical use of your elbow and ends with meditation that aims at sharpening your senses.What you lose Muay Thai is an intense workout. You burn as many as 3000 calories an hour, at just beginner levels. This substantially increases as you go up the levels. The intention here is to hone every part of your body into a weapon and identify vulnerable areas of an opponent. The moves are designed to tighten and harden each muscle, not just the core ones. This toning and building of muscle mass ups the metabolic rate and sheds fat.However, it'll need a work out thrice a week for three months before you see definite results. It helps if you have a core level of fitness beforehand, but it do if you just want to lose weight and tone up as well. Ask for a trial class to see if this is your cup of tea.What you gain Muay Thai begins with warmup exercises that focus on footwork, ducking, kicks, dips and punches. Then there are partner stretches that increase flexibility. With each level, the stretches get more intense and customised to your requirements. \"Since Muay Thai is a warrior art,\" says Biki, \"you are expected to have injuries and broken bones. Eventually, the warm-up is customised to soothe stiff muscles, knock joints back into position and take weight off weaker areas long enough for them to spring back into action.\"Weights are brought in, at competitive levels. Strapped on to ankles or wrists as you do lifts and punches, these strengthen abdominal, calve and arm muscles.Combat A chunk of the work-out is partner work, where you emulate attack and counter-attack techniques in pairs. One of the partners holds foam paddles while the other practises moves; the defence's role is to anticipate and block the attack.As you progress, you shed the paddles and learn to harden the muscles where you anticipate the attack. \"Muay Thai makes your body so strong that if you are hit with an instrument, it should break; not you,\" says Biki.You get a taste of this in the meditation phase. One of the exercises is to sit still and maintain eye contact with your opponent. As (s)he starts slapping you, you counter it by guessing which side you'll be struck and tightening the jaw or cheek muscles in response.Meditation \"Like yoga,\" says Biki, \"even Muay Thai has a meditation component, but instead of trying to blank out the mind, the intention is to sharpen the senses and awareness.\" So when you sit in mediation, you don't try to empty your mind; instead, start to focus on your heartbeat , the throbbing of the jugular vein, the various layers of sounds in the environment - traffic, rustling of leaves, etc. You are urged to sense air currents and directions of the breeze. This sharpens the senses, which lead agility and bodily response when you are under attack. Which brings us to an important issue: Even if you don't care about toning up losing weight, Muay Thai can help you just become a b** a**. A few sessions will rig you up with self-defence moves that may not injure an assailant, but will certainly put him or her in an aggressively uncomfortable position. So handy if you commute using the local transport and are used to holding up your arms strategically the minute you leave home.Self defence moves - The point of the elbow is an unexpected weapon. If assaulted from the back, jab the elbow into the Adam's apple, or under the chin.- The shin is vulnerable since it has no protective padding. A sharp kick using the heel of your foot, or a stiletto to this region will make a person stumble.- If an attacker approaches you face on, give a quick jerk under his/her chin using the palm (fingers turned towards you). The movement should be a swift jerk upwards that will throw him/her off the balance.- To immobilise an attacking arm, grip it with your index and pointer finger; thumb under wrist. Push down the palm using your own palm with such force that the assailant is forced to bend the elbow. This will lock it into place. For good measure, deliver a kick to the shin.Mitali.Parekh@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12025154", "title": "Family unhappy over marriage, cop shoots self", "text": "NEW DELHI: A young Delhi police constable who had re-married a few days ago allegedly shot himself with his service revolver at a police station in west Delhi. Pankaj Kumar shot himself in the Mianwali police station on Thursday night, police said. No suicide note has been recovered and the police are investigating the reason behind Kumar's extreme step.\"Kumar (23) went to the guard room in the police station and shot himself dead. He was taken to a nearby hospital where he was declared brought dead,\" a senior cop said. Inducted in Delhi police in 2010, Kumar was posted in the police station since 2011. For the past 20-25 days, Kumar was serving as the personal security officer of a businessman, Vikram Arora, who is a witness in a murder case.Kumar, a resident of sector 16 in Rohini, had got married for the second time a few days ago against his family's wish, police said.\"Just before shooting himself, Kumar confided in his uncle over the phone that he was not happy that his family, who live at Begumpur in Outer Delhi, had not accepted his second marriage. During the conversation, Kumar entered the guard room and threatened to shoot himself. His uncle panicked and called up the local police station but by then he had shot himself,\" said additional CP (west) V Renganathan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12027405", "title": "BSY-Shettar link not welcomed by many", "text": "BANGALORE: With nothing going his way and BJP national president Nitin Gadkari on Friday making it clear there's no compromise, former CM Yeddyurappa and his team decided to take a final call on February 27, when his supporters are planning a birthday bash for him.Yeddyurappa cosying up to one-time rival Jagadish Shettar has not gone down well with some of his long-standing supporters like Umesh V Katti, Murugesh R Nirani and Basavaraj Bommai. Shettar has good equations with Yeddyurappa's bete noire, MP H N Ananthkumar. Though Ananthkumar has discreetly kept off Karnataka's politics, Shettar's political actions are said to have his nod.Yeddyurappa took Shettar with him when he went to meet Gadkari on Friday morning. Only Yeddyurappa was allowed to meet Gadkari, and Shettar waited outside.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12026272", "title": "SC seeks Centre's response on govt Haj quota, subsidy", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday asked the Centre to explain how the quota of 125,000 for the Haj pilgrimage to Saudi Arabia was distributed among various state committees and also the manner in which the Union government allotted the 6,000-odd quota retained by it every year.A bench of Justices Aftab Alam and Ranjana P Desai asked the Centre about the rationality of the PM's Goodwill Delegation for Haj every year and wanted to know the procedure adopted for selection of this delegation in the last 10 years.Appearing for the Centre, attorney general G E Vahanvati and advocate Haris Beeran informed the court that the government will sign a fresh agreement on Haj with Saudi Arabia on March 14 and a fresh policy could be framed thereafter. The court posted the matter for hearing on April 16.The court that according to the Haj Policy of 2011, 1,70,451 pilgrims were allowed to perform Haj, out of which approximately 1,25,000 were sent through the quota distributed among various state Haj committees and rest through private tour operators.Of the 1,25,000 pilgrims, the government retained 6,761 seats and 1,18,23 seats remained with the Haj committees to be distributed proportionally to the number of applicants from each state. The court wanted to know the criteria of allocation of seats to each state Haj committee.It also asked the Centre to explain details of the subsidy given to each pilgrim, how it was quantified, the genesis of the grant of subsidy and its total cost.The court sought details of the selection and number of persons accommodated every year in the PM's Goodwill Delegation for the last decade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12030812", "title": "Sakkthi's image makeover", "text": "Actor Sakkthi is all set to be seen as a chocolate boy in debutant Elvin Bosser's Edho Seidhai Ennai.The film, which has Bangalore-based Liya playing the female lead, is touted to be a college romance story.Talking to CT, the director claims, \"The film has many firsts to its credit. We have shot the entire flick in Super 32 format, and the film has been edited by a woman, Muthulakshmi. The music has been composed by Ganesh Kumar, whose tracks for the Hollywood film 9 Lives Of Mara won the best soundtrack award there. He has come up with a full-fledged English song for the film. Though there have been English numbers in Tamil flicks, they are either in hip hop or rock style or find place in interludes as raps. But this number is a soulstirring melody and has been shot as montage. Britain-born Indian singer Tara has sung the number. We're sure the film will technologically a class apart.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12025674", "title": "Closed Moula Ali road hits livelihood of shopkeepers", "text": "HYDERABAD: Three years after the Moula Ali Kaman was closed following an accident which caused a crack in the structure, people in the surrounding areas are still waiting for it to reopen as the closure of the road has given rise to numerous problems for them. The kaman which is one of the entrances to Moula Ali dargah, was certified as unsafe after it was hit by a speeding lorry in 2007.However, the restoration and strengthening of the 200-year-old heritage structure began only two months ago and the road widening work to help traffic bypass the kaman is yet to commence. Residents and shop owners from the locality complained that travelling to other parts of the city has become a tedious task and shops have seen a 50 per cent drop in business since the road was closed.Mohammed Afzal (name changed on request), a shop owner from the area said, \"Our earnings have fallen as much as by half. We used to get many customers as the daily traffic flow was heavy. But, now nobody uses this road as everyone knows it has been closed.\" He said people have to walk for around half a kilometer to reach the bus stop and they have to escort women and children on their way back as the road is usually deserted in the night.Another resident of the area who did not wish to reveal his name said, \"Recently I had to take my ailing mother to Gandhi Hospital but it took us 20 minutes longer to reach there because of the traffic diversion. In case of an emergency, those 20 minutes could make a difference between life and death.\" Other problems include traffic jams and accidents as bikers from both sides try to maneuver through the narrow space beside the kaman.Residents said that they have no problem in cooperating with the road widening plans as long as they receive appropriate compensation because all they want is reopening of the kaman and development.The authorities, however, had another story to tell. P Chenna Reddy, director, state archeology department, which is overseeing the restoration of the structure, said, \"Lime mortar work takes some time. However, we started the work around two months ago and it will surely be done within one month.\"Incidentally, Reddy had promised the same in December, 2011. When asked why the road remained closed for three years and the work began only two months ago, he said, \"The road was closed by GHMC, it was not done by our department.\" J Christopher Raj, assistant city planner, Malkajgiri circle, GHMC said, \"The road was closed then because it was certified as unsafe. Getting all the sanctions necessary for the work caused the delay. But the major reason behind the delay is the public there. At first they did not want us to touch the Kaman due to religious sentiments. Then, they filed a court case regarding the road widening plans as some did not want to let go of their property and others were not happy with the compensation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12027038", "title": "Plea for panel to oversee working of traffic signals", "text": "CHENNAI: A committee of experts should be appointed to supervise the working of traffic signals across the city, a public interest litigation (PIL) filed in the Madras high court has said. Many of the signals, including those on several arterial roads, are dysfunctional, the petition said.Admitting the plea by N Sahul Hameed of T Nagar, the first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice Aruna Jagadeesan issued notice and posted the matter after three weeks.In his PIL, Hameed said he visited several important locations on January 20 and found they were working partially, with only the red and amber lights functioning, at junctions in Alwarpet and the College Road-Sterling Road intersection.At Alwarpet, in front of Samco Hotel, only one of three signals was working. A dysfunctional signal was left at the main Teynampet junction and a new one added. A signal post \"fixed to the branch of a tree\" at the Pondy Bazaar Deluxe Hotel junction was never used. Similarly, at Vijayaraghava Road, opposite Anna Arivalayam, a set of signal posts remained unused from the date of installation.Signals didn't work at all at Valluvar Kottam and Billroth Hospital junction in Aminjikarai, Hameed said. Though the junction in front of Spencer's Plaza on Anna Salai had an automatic camera with four wings, costing an estimated 70 lakh, fixed at the centre, it failed soon after installation.Despite representations to authorities, no steps were taken, he said. He asked for a technical committee to be constituted to scrutinize, approve, supervise and monitor the installation, maintenance, timely repair and removal of traffic signals in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12025252", "title": "Nobody saw cops arrest Amir at crowded station", "text": "NEW DELHI: On a tip-off, the police claim to have arrested Mohammad Amir Khan with a cache of arms and explosives on February 27, 1998. Though the arrest was ostensibly made at 6.30pm near the crowded Sadar Bazar railway station, all three witnesses of the arrest were police officers, including the investigating officer of the case.The unexplained absence of independent witnesses for an arrest in a public place did not however come in the way of the two being convicted by a Delhi trial court in January 2006.This is one of the two cases in which Amir has been convicted out of a total of 19 that were booked against him as the alleged mastermind of serial blasts that had rocked Delhi and NCR in 1996-97. His appeals before the Delhi high court against the two judgments convicting him draw much strength from the manner in which he has been acquitted in the other 17 cases related to the same serial blasts.The trial court's decision in the Sadar Bazar case to go entirely by the testimony of police witnesses for an arrest claimed to have been made in a crowded place contrasts with the scepticism displayed by a Rohtak court in 2010 while acquitting Amir due to the absence of public witnesses. In the Rohtak case, the prosecution had cited only police witnesses, again three, for a blast that took place in the presence of many people.Taking due note of that deficiency in the prosecution's evidence, the Rohtak court said: \"The investigating officer has not been able to advance any plausible explanation for not joining any independent witness from the public at the time of afore-alleged demarcation by the accused despite having sufficient opportunity to do so. In these circumstances, the testimonies of all three above-named police officials, who happen to be police officials, cannot be safely relied upon to record the conviction of the accused.\"The absence of an independent witness in the circumstances lends credence to Amir's allegation that he had actually been picked up by the police on February 20, 1998, a week before he was shown to have been arrested near the Sadar Bazar railway station. In his appeal before the high court, Amir pointed out that the prosecution had given \"no cogent explanation\" as to why any public witness had not joined the investigating officer.In another glaring infirmity, the judgment convicting Amir in the Sadar Bazar case glossed over contradictions in the evidence relating to a raid alleged to have been conducted in a bomb manufacturing factory in Pilakhua in Uttar Pradesh on the basis of his disclosure to the police. Though the police cited two public witnesses for the raid, both of them turned \"hostile\" in the court.Witness Chander Bhan, a resident of Delhi, denied accompanying the police to Pilakhua and ever seeing Amir anywhere. Witness Abdul Sattar, the landlord of the factory premises, denied that he had ever seen Amir visiting co-accused Mohammad Shakeel in Pilakhua and asserted that it was actually a textile printing unit and the chemicals recovered by the police were related to that business.Ignoring the holes made by these independent witnesses in the prosecution's story, the court said that there was \"no doubt\" about the recovery of explosive materials from Pilakhua at Amir's instance. \"As both Amir and Shakeel were arrested together by the police, it has to be presumed that both were working with common design and in tandem,\" the court added, while sentencing him to 10 years of rigorous imprisonment.The other judgment sentencing Amir to the same term is as controversial. Amir's conviction in this case relating to a blast near a chhole bhature stall in Karol Bagh on October 26, 1997 is based on conflicting testimonies by three public witnesses. There were serious discrepancies between them on the appearance and conduct of the young man who was claimed by the police to have planted the bomb while having chhole bhature at the stall.The stall owner, who was best positioned among the three witnesses to see the faces of his customers, deposed categorically that the young man in question was not Amir. The other two witnesses, who were customers at the stall, did identify Amir in the court but they did so with varying degrees of conviction.In the case of one of those customers, Satish Bansal, the court allowed the prosecutor to ask a series of leading questions in a bid to change his testimony so that it fitted the prosecution version. Though Bansal had, for instance, deposed in the court that the bomb was in a dustbin, the prosecutor persuaded him to say that the bomb was instead in the bag allegedly left behind by Amir.(To be continued)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12025940", "title": "Father, aunt held for boy\u2019s murder", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police claim to have solved the murder of an eight-year-old boy on Friday by arresting his father and paternal aunt. Cops said that the brother and sister were allegedly having an illicit relationship and when the son stumbled upon it, the duo strangled him to death.Police said M Babu, the boy, was found murdered on February 15 and his body abandoned in the open fields at Shamirpet.Following an investigation, police concluded that it was Babu's father Dhasharadh and his aunty Renukamma, both ragpickers, who were behind the murder.\"Siblings Dhasharadh and Renukamma had a physical relationship. The duo killed the boy when he came to know of it by throttling him to death,\" inspector Narender Reddy of Shamirpet police station said.The cops said that before the execution of the crime, Dhasharadh consumed alcohol. He took Babu to the open fields and throttled him while Renukamma held the boy's legs.The accused have been arrested under section 302 (murder) of the Indian Penal Code.Meanwhile, a 40-year-old man was found murdered at Malkajgiri on Thursday night. Police said that Mahender, a resident of Tukaram Gate, had severe head injuries. Malkajgiri police said Mahender left his home at around 9 pm and was later found murdered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "korchi (gadchiroli)", "code": "12025655", "title": "Forest saved, tribals ready to brave Naxal threat to vote", "text": "KORCHI (GADCHIROLI): After extracting a written assurance from the district administration that a thick forest patch will not be given for mining, around 130 villages in Korchi taluka are set to go for polls on March 11. They are even ready to brave Naxal threats to cast their votes.Polling for two zilla parishad and four gram panchayat seats, which was scheduled for February 7, was indefinitely postponed after the villagers decided to boycott the elections protesting the government's plan to lease out 65 hectares of forest land to a private firm for iron ore mining. The administration also took into consideration the Naxal attacks in the preceding days to put off the polls. Elections were held in rest of Gadchiroli district in two phases for ZP and PS.Boycotting elections to protect forest and forcing the district administration to react is perhaps a first in Indian politics. The villagers sought and got a written assurance before agreeing to participate in the elections. Candidates, who had earlier withdrawn from the fray, have now began submitting their nomination forms again.According to social worker Mahesh Lade, survey work of the forest land started in 2007 but the tribals did not know the reason behind the exercise. \"It was only after an advertisement in August last year that the matter came to fore,\" he said.The people of Sohele, Zendapar, Nandeli and other villages, which are almost 120-km away from Gadchiroli district headquarters, came together to protest. Another 57 villages, within 10 kms of the proposed mine, also joined hands. The 'Lok Prakalp Virodhi Kisan Sangharsh Samiti' was formed to spearhead the cause.\"Around 130 villages under 30 gram panchayats joined hands. The association of 30 sarpanchs took the lead. A meeting was held and there was consensus on not voting,\" said Lade, describing how the movement shaped up. \"People contributed from their own savings to organize a huge morcha.\"At a public hearing organized by the district administration, people thronged the venue to debate the issue. Lade said that even women delivered spirited speeches asking the administration to spare the forest patch. \"Government officials never replied to our correspondence but when we decided to boycott the election, they were forced to react,\" said a villager from Korchi.The Naxals too took up the issue of the mine being set up. \"The administration felt that the Naxals were forcing the hand of the people,\" said another social worker in Korchi.The villagers now say that they would participate in the polling even if it means laying down their lives. \"Our motto was to save the jungle and now that it's been accomplished we are ready to cast our vote,\" said a villager.\"The villagers know that Naxals could get angry if we vote but we have given our word to participate in the polling,\" said Bukao Hori, a resident of Zendapar village of Korchi. Deputy sarpanch Rooplal Madavi said, \"Villagers are always sandwiched between the Naxals and the administration. But this time we will not allow the rebels to hold sway.\"Gadchiroli district collector Abhishek Krishna said that candidates have begun filling up nomination forms. \"The deadlock was broken after we gave assurances that there would be no mining as there is no sanction. The villagers were also told that no development activity can take place if the local bodies are not formed,\" he said.Lade said that a 40-member committee, including representatives from the government, has been formed to monitor the situation. \"The committee has 14 women too. The members would raise an alarm if any mining activity is spotted in the jungle. The government machinery will have to act immediately then,\" he said. Lade and his friend Ijamsai Katenge had been coordinating between the government agencies and tribals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12032281", "title": "Ram Gopal Varma to make Telugu political thriller", "text": "Maverick filmmaker Ram Gopal Varma is set to make a political potboiler in Telugu with the \"unprecedented political developments\" in the aftermath of former Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy's sudden death in September 2009 as the theme.\"The unprecedented political developments in Andhra Pradesh as well as the many scandals that came to light, and the intense war between television news channels, have inspired me immensely. I have decided to make a feature film exposing these happenings through a fictitious story,\" Varma said in an e-mail.'Reddy Garu Poyaru' (Reddy is Dead) would be the title of the film, he added.The script of the proposed film was under preparation and shooting would commence next year after completion of his current venture 'Department', Varma said.\"I was never interested in politics but I always had a tremendous urge to study the psychology of political leaders. A small stone when thrown into still water will cause ripples but the same stone when thrown into political waters will cause a tsunami,\" the Telugu-Hindi filmmaker observed.Elaborating on the story, the 49-year-old producer- director said a struggle for political existence begins with the death of a tall leader.\"The leader's own men will seek to use his death as an investment for their political existence, while those on the other side will try to use the opportunity to regain their existence. As a whole, the film will expose the bizarre political game that is played in the aftermath of the tall leader's death,\" Varma added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12027110", "title": "Dowry-free campaign fails to click", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Dowry free marriage campaign launched by the Kerala state women's commission has come a cropper, thanks to the lack of co-ordination between different departments and administrative delay in sanctioning fund. The novel mission was launched in 2010 to popularize dowry free marriage concept, in association with state youth welfare board and local self-government bodies.Based on the data available with the women's commission, the state government allotted a sum of Rs 25 lakh for the programme in 2010-2011. But the commission spent only Rs 13.06 lakh last year. Though the commission claimed that it had succeeded in constituting committees at the three - tier panchayat levels, the formation of the same has not yet completed in many parts of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12027699", "title": "Music Melts Hearts &amp; Borders", "text": "The majestic pillars of the picturesque Prinsep Ghat resonated with the mellifluous notes of Nazrulgeeti and the lyrical brilliance of ghazals, creating magic and a lasting impression on Friday evening. On the second day of Maitree Bandhan Festival presented by The Times of India and Prothom Alo, the musical journey of India and Bangladesh took another step. This time, it was eminent Nazrulgeeti exponent from Bangladesh, Ferdous Ara, and Indian ghazal legend Pankaj Udhas who shared the stage. While Udhas enchanted with his laidback brilliance, Ara charmed with her energetic renditions.\"It's an honour to perform at an event which seeks to build relations with our neighbour Bangladesh. I thank The Times of India and Prothom Alo for taking the initiative. I have performed in Bangladesh and they have immense love and respect for our artists and music,\" said Udhas. He flagged off his concert with 'Deewaron se'. It was followed by several eternal favourites on the trot. \"Sab ko malum hain main sharaabi nahin, lekin koi pila de to main kya karoon,\" transported the audience back to the good old Eighties. \"Aur ahista kijie baten,\" was reminiscent of an emotional era when melody ruled and music was all about sensitivity and romance. Udhas showed why he is considered one of the last representatives of that period.Those more inclined to Bollywood music had a lot to cheer about the next number. \"Jeeyen to jeeyen kaise bin aap ke,\" had the audience tapping their feet in delight. But Udhas soon proved why his charm spreads well beyond the ambit of films. \"Dukh sukh sab the ek sab ke,\" demonstrated his brilliance and his complete sway over ghazal. The song - a commentary on the changing patterns and demands of life - left the audience moved.He signed off with the predictable but much-anticipated \"Chitthi aaye hain\" which the audience greeted with a thunderous applause and spontaneous claps. \"I could have gone on but there is a time constraint. I deeply appreciate the effort to bind India and Bangladesh close together with the strains of music. This effort will go a long way in strengthening our ties. Let music be the bond between us,\" Udhas signed off.But the moment of the evening was to follow. As Udhas took a bow and readied to leave, Ferdous Ara took the stage. The gracious Nazrulgeeti singer paid a spontaneous tribute to Udhas, who she described as an \"icon\". She invited the ghazal maestro to sing a few lines with her. The song: a Bengali version of \"Chitthi ayee hain\". It was a short and sweet version, just a line long. Yet, it touched a thousand hearts on a musical evening that the city had been eagerly looking forward to. \"Chithi eseche, eseche, chithi esechi\" sang Ara. Udhas took over for the next two lines. The spell-bound audience listened to the unique Hindi-Bengali lyrical alliance with rapt attention and broke out into an applause. Ara apologised for having failed to come up with the complete translation. \"But I hope to do it soon,\" she said.It was then her turn to cast her spell. And Ara didn't disappoint. \"Amar bhaiyer rakte rangano\" was her opening number - a song commemorating the language movement of 1952. It was followed by \"Swadhinatar gaan\", another patriotic number. \"Prothom pradip jalo\" was the first of her several Nazrulgeetis of the evening. But the versatile singer didn't restrict herself to just one genre. She was equally brilliant with her earthy palligeetis as well.\"Sharing the stage with a respected Indian artist like Pankaj Udhas and performing at an event like this is an experience I will cherish for the rest of my life. Let music be a catalyst for the friendship between our nations,\" Ara said.GOC-in-C Lt Gen Bikram Singh, the chief guest for the evening, lauded the artists for taking part in Maitree Bandhan. \"I have been an ardent admirer of Udhas for years. His ghazals have soothed the nerves of every soldier in India. He remains a favourite with me. I am sure that most present here this evening have lived with his ghazals for years. They haven't lost their charm in all these years,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12026881", "title": "Come hell or high water, they will deliver on call", "text": "COIMBATORE: He wakes up around 5 am each day to reach the nearest public tap with as many cans he is able to carry to collect the precious Siruvani water before the rest of the neighbourhood wakes up. S Raju (name changed on request) runs a very successful business in the emerging residential hubs of Kovaipudur and P K Pudur, selling Sivuvani water caught from public taps. A moped and mobile phone are his only accessories to run the business.'Drinking Water On Demand' is the name of this dubious business which he runs. But thanks to him, residents can call him any time before 11 pm to get drinking water delivered home, at the cost of Rs 70 per can which he deems as service charge. On an average, he gets at least 30 calls a day, mostly from households, although a few restaurants call too.My moped can carry two cans and each one has a capacity of 35 litres. Seventy litres are enough for a family of four for one week. My consumers are extremely happy about the efficiency of my service and they don't mind paying Rs 70n as service charge,'' he said. \"I make money out of a public tap. Whenever Siruvani water is not available, I draw water from a tap that gets water from the Parambikulam-Aliyar project. I know it is not legal, but this is how I make ends meet to take care of my family,\" he said.There are many like Raju who supply water to households, shops and hotels in the city, in areas where the drinking water scarcity is acute. Though it is illegal, this parallel water supply system is flourishing in the city. Even a Corporation official confirmed that the industry is worth at least Rs 10 crore.\"Most emerging residential areas face acute drinking water scarcity. The water available in our bore well is contaminated. So we decided to depend on the parallel water supply system. They are very punctual and available on demand. Buying packaged water is so expensive and public taps are located far away,'' explains Ramola Praveen Kumar , a resident of LIC Colony in Kovaipudur.Customers are loyal to their suppliers and swear to secrecy regarding this illegal business. However, there are some who do not believe this parallel water system is illegal. \"It is because the corporation cannot supply adequate water that this parallel water system thrives, so how can you say it is illegal,\" asks P V Rajagopalan from Vadavally.Not just households, but construction sites too avail water from the unorganized sector. N Kannan (name changed), 29, supplies water to those in need in Thudiyalur. For just Rs 60 for 1000 litres, he supplies water via bullock carts to construction sites in the area. \"If the sites are further away, I charge Rs 70 or Rs 80, depending on the distance. Households too demand water. As the demand has gone up, I bought a load auto to supply water. I empty the water in the tanks of houses and construction sites,\" said Kannan.K Vijay Anand, 45, a native of Ooty uses a 12,000-litre lorry to supply water to sites in Vadamadurai, NGO Colony, Thoppampatti and Goundarmills. \"We buy water for Rs 120 from people with wells and bores and sell the water for Rs 400 to Rs 500. It is not a very profitable business, but I earn enough for my family,\" said Anand.According to a senior corporation official, the civic body is yet to address the issue. It has been going on for several years and suppliers enjoy public support. Any action against them will invite public wrath,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "12026980", "title": "Denied same-sex marriage, girl threatens suicide, murder", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Coinciding with the fuss over homosexuality in the Supreme Court on Thursday, a girl from Andhra Pradesh was recently arrested by the police here when she allegedly threatened of dire consequences if not allowed to marry her friend and former roommate - a girl from Orissa.The girl's arrest comes close on the heels of the Centre opposing a high court ruling decriminalizing same sex acts in private between two consenting adults.The 26-year-old Telugu girl from Nellore in Andhra Pradesh is also believed to have threatened to kill herself and her partner if they were not allowed to marry. She is believed to have threatened the girl's parents of dire consequences if the girl was married off to someone else.\"We have arrested the girl (from Andhra Pradesh) because she threatened the parents of the other girl,\" said town police station inspector A K Mohapatra. \"She was detained by the family members of the girl from Orissa at their home at Suraj Bihar here on Thursday, when she created a ruckus. We went there and arrested her when we were informed,\" the inspector added.Police said the two girls came to know one another when they were roommates in the hostel of a private computer institute in Hyderabad about two years ago. The two finished the course two years ago, but intimacy between the girls grew and they visited each other frequently. Trouble brewed when the parents of the girl from Orissa fixed her marriage dates, leaving the Telugu girl fuming.Both the girls were pursuing higher studies. After completing her MCA here, the 25-year-old girl from Orissa, the daughter of a businessman, was planning to take another course. The Andhra girl too was planning to take a higher-level computer course after completing a course from New Delhi recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12026020", "title": "India-Bangladesh extradition treaty soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: India and Bangladesh will soon sign an extradition treaty with both the countries on Friday finalising the finer details of the agreement which will allow easy deportation of each other's terrorists/criminals without being trapped in lengthy legal process like the one witnessed by New Delhi in the case of Ulfa militant Anup Chetia.Both the countries also discussed the mechanism to move towards a liberal visa regime which both New Delhi and Dhaka think would be a key step in minimizing the scope of illegal immigration from Bangladesh to India.The matters were discussed during the home minister-level talks where Bangladeshi home minister Shahara Khatun said her country did not harbour any anti-India terrorist on its soil. At a joint press conference here with her counterpart P Chidambaram, Khatun said like India, her country too was a victim of terrorism and would do everything to eradicate the menace from its soil.\"Bangladesh will not tolerate any anti-India activity on its soil. We have not allowed in the past, nor will we do in the future. Both countries are victims of terrorism. So, there is no question of harbouring anyone,\" she said when asked about terrorists, who carried out heinous acts in India, having links with Bangladesh.Asked when the extradition treaty between the two countries would be signed, Khatun said the issue was discussed threadbare at the meeting and hoped that it would be concluded in the \"near future\". Chidambaram said the extradition pact was in the final stages of consideration by the Bangladesh government and \"I think it is moving forward\".Describing the bilateral meeting as extremely cordial and fruitful, Chidambaram said the India-Bangladesh relation has reached a new high. Asked about the problem of illegal migration from Bangladesh, Chidambaram said it was no longer a big issue as in 2011 India had given visas to 5 lakh Bangladeshi nationals to travel here and therefore there was no reason for any Bangladeshi to cross over illegally.\"But I do admit that some crossings take place. We have to strengthen the border management. We have identified the border outposts which are vulnerable and both sides will strengthen border management in these BoPs,\" he said.Referring to Bangladesh's concern on firing by BSF along international border, Chidambaram said there was \"dramatic decline\" in such incidents in last few months and the government of India has taken steps to ensure that no such incident take place in future.Khatun said she was satisfied with the prompt action taken by the Indian government in recent border incidents and hoped that New Delhi would be able to solve other issues related to border enclaves and hand over those persons who were involved in the assassination of Bangladesh's first premier Sheikh Mujibur Rehman and now allegedly hiding in India.Chidambaram said Bangladesh had given the names of some persons who were believed to have been part of the conspiracy to assassinate Rehman some time ago and efforts were on to trace them.\"Efforts are being made by the government of West Bengal to trace them. If we trace those people, and if we identify those people, I think there are legal ways to send them to Bangladesh. Sending them to Bangladesh is not a problem. Problem is tracing them and identifying them,\" he said.Times View There has been a significant improvement in India's ties with Bangladesh in recent years and these agreements are a further confirmation of that trend. However, some ticklish issues like the sharing of Teesta waters and the proposed exchange of enclaves in each other's territory still remain. In international relations, as in international sport, momentum is a precious commodity. In the case of Indo-Bangladesh ties it is even more so, given how rarely there has been any momentum in the right direction. Both governments must ensure that this opportunity to cement the ties by getting over of the remaining issues is not lost. For the UPA that also means getting Mamata Banerjee on board, which could be difficult but the potential benefits are well worth the effort.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12026913", "title": "40,000 stolen by burglars", "text": "A theft of Rs 40,000 took place in the Konark Nagar area of the city. According to the complainant, complaint lodged by Vaishali Patil, of Konkark Nagar, Nashik on Thursday between 9.45 am to 4.45 pm when her flat at Abhishek Plaza, Konark Nagar was locked, some unidentified thieves broke into her flat at Abhishek Plaza, Konark Nagar and stole Rs 40,000 kept inside the cupboard.Adgaon police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12028043", "title": "City snippets", "text": "Share broker held for 27 lakh fraudThe Worli police have arrested a share broker, Vishal Kasturi (30), for allegedly duping his friend of Rs 27 lakh. Cops are looking for Kasturi's brother.Luxury car pile-up on Palm Beach RdA pile-up involving seven luxury cars occurred on Palm Beach Road at 7.45pm on Friday. No one was injured in the crash. The cars slammed into each other after the driver of a Honda City suddenly applied brakes.2 held for cheating HSC studentsTwo persons, reportedly employed with a Nalasopara coaching class that cheated over 23 HSC students, have been arrested. Dushyant Patil and Yogesh Gawad allegedly took Rs 3,500 from each student who wanted to take the HSC exam privately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12032474", "title": "The challenges of casting a big star", "text": "Movie buffs in Kerala can never have too much of actors Mohanlal and Mammootty. And therein lies the challenge for scriptwriters and directors in Mollywood.''Almost every kind of story has already been written. In all probability, both of Mollywood's biggest stars may have finished starring in every kind of role that may exist. So to write scripts for them is the biggest challenge ever,'' says director B Unnikrishnan, who is currently directing Mohanlal in a film.While he admits that there is no such dream role that he may still want to do, Mohanlal says, ''I treat every role that comes my way as a blessing. It is my job to put across the character written for me in the best way possible.\"That's the superstar at his humble best.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12026608", "title": "Infra strained in city, basics to get top priority", "text": "PUNE: Municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak on Friday expressed concern over the increasing pressure on the city's infrastructure due to rapid growth and a burgeoning population. Tabling a Rs 3,290.66 crore draft civic budget for 2012-13, Pathak did not propose any new projects but instead stressed on quality improvement in basic amenities like water supply, sewage management, solid waste disposal, housing and public transport.\"We do not want to give mere lip service. The city's growth in the last few decades has been tremendous and we have to look for sustainable solutions. We want to focus on and complete ongoing projects and add quality to the existing infrastructure,\" Pathak told reporters after presenting the draft budget to the Pune Municipal Corporation's (PMC) standing committee.Pathak's budget, however, allocates Rs 1,602.39 crore for capital and development works, which got Rs 1,902 crore in the 2011-12 budget.Without making a direct reference to last year's budget presented by his predecessor Mahesh Zagade, Pathak said, \"One should go by the factual status. Till date, the PMC has executed 68 per cent of last year's budgetary works, of which nearly 40 per cent expenditure has been on development works. This year's allocation for capital and development works is visibly smaller compared to last year's. But we have to keep in mind that all earlier budget works included maintenance expenditure in capital and development works. This year, we have a separate budget for maintenance under the 'non-planned work' head.\" Pathak said his draft budget has made an initial provision of Rs 3 crore for the Pune metro project phase from Vanaz to Ramwadi. \"We think the project should be executed as per the views of experts and the report of the Delhi Metro Railway Corporation,\" he said, adding that the PMC was waiting for approval from the state and central governments to begin work on the metro.The commissioner said the PMC will focus on the bus rapid transport system (BRTS) and that the central government was likely to extend the December 2012 deadline for completion of the first phase of the BRTS.Pathak assured that the PMC will complete all ongoing water projects to ensure sufficient water supply to all parts of the city. The draft budget has proposed Rs 412.40 crore for water supply projects. \"The PMC will also concentrate on sewage treatment plants. Garbage disposal is a major challenge too. The PMC has nearly completed the work under the first phase of the garbage disposal system at Urali Devachi by installing a 1,000 metric tonne processing unit along with vermicomposting projects,\" he said.The octroi collection till February-end was Rs 1,000 crore and was expected to cross Rs 1,200 crore by March. The PMC is also in the process of installing CCTV cameras at all octroi posts, Pathak said. \"The octroi card, which enables cashless transaction, has been a success at nine octroi posts. We plan to extend this facility to other posts,\" he said, adding that the PMC also plans to start an escort vehicle tracking system and radio frequency identification drive service to track vehicles evading octroi payment.The draft budget also proposes to continue with the existing property tax structure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12026757", "title": "Pak exercising sovereign right to review bilateral ties: US", "text": "WASHINGTON: Pakistan is exercising its sovereign right to review its ties with US, a top State Department official said on Friday, asserting that a strong bilateral relationship is in best interest of both the nations.\"This is the Pakistanis exercising their sovereign right to look at this relationship, decide what they want out of this relationship and make a decision that it's in their national interest, as is our relationship with the Pakistani government in the US' national interest,\" State Department spokesman, Mark Toner, said.The US-Pak ties has touched a new low after a cross-border NATO air raid, in which 24 Pakistani soldiers were killed in November last year.\"We've long said that we share the same goals, and we face the same challenges. And that's why this relationship is so important,\" Toner told reporters in response to a question at his daily news conference.However, he refused to comment on the developments in Pakistan with regard to decisions by its Supreme Court.\"I don't believe it's difficult. This is an internal political process that's being played out in the -- in the courts in Pakistan, but he remains the prime minister,\" Toner said.\"How can you deal and talk to a prime minister who has been indicted by their own Supreme Court? Is it difficult, really?\" he was asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12025919", "title": "Over 250 to take part in handicraft fair", "text": "GURGAON: In keeping with the state government's promise to give fillip to the handicraft and handloom industry, Gurgaon will host a national handicraft fair this month. Beginning Saturday, Gandhi Shilp Bazar-2012 will see over 250 artisans participating in it, and will showcase the best that the sector has to offer from different regions of the country.The 10-day event, to be held at Leisure Valley Park in Sector 29, will be the first of its kind for the city, and is being organized by the Indian Development Foundation (IDF), in collaboration with the Union ministry of textiles. The inaugural ceremony on Saturday will be attended by S S Gupta, development commissioner, Union ministry of textiles.\"The exhibition will showcase the best that the country has to offer in terms of handloom and handicraft,\" said Neeraj Dharma, one of the organizers. He added that the event, which is slated to end on March 4, will be open for the general public.\"This event is being organized to encourage artisans, who will be coming from all over India. This will be a good platform for them to reach out to the urban population. Rural handicraft is more in demand in the urban world these days,\" said an IDF representative.Handicraft is one sector which is providing jobs and employment to an unprecedented number of people in the rural parts of Haryana, and this year the state government has promised increased support for the artisans, who are already exempted of taxes.\"It is estimated that close to 50 lakh people are a part of this sector countrywide, and even then this remains a thoroughly disorganized sector. This needs to change,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12028153", "title": "Missing Kurar teen traced", "text": "MUMBAI: A schoolboy from Malad (E), who had gone missing earlier this month, was traced to Dadar station on Tuesday by the Kurar police. Saurabh S had left his home at Kurar village on February 6. On the same day, two other teens had gone missing from Kurar, sparking fears that the trio had been kidnapped. The other two boys were traced to Pune on February 17.\"We traced Saurabh on the basis of his phone location.He told us that he was bored of studying and had been hanging around in different parts of the city,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "nadia/new york/washington", "code": "12027635", "title": "Nadia man shot dead in US", "text": "NADIA/NEW YORK/WASHINGTON: Suspected robbers in the US city of Atlanta shot dead on Wednesday night a grocery shop owner who originally hailed from Nadia district of West Bengal.Suhrid Das, 48, was confronted by the assailants when he was closing his store Banna Grocery - one of the four businesses in the two-storey brick building in the Atlanta neighbourhood - at the end of the day. Atlanta police spokeswoman Kim Jones said they found him in the store later with a gunshot wound in the abdomen. Das was taken to Grady Memorial Hospital , where he died.Das, who is from Badkullaha in North Surabhisthan under Taherpur police station in Nadia, went to Atlanta in July 2001 to earn a living. In the early days, he used to work as a shop assistant, till he saved up enough to start his own stores. He owned three fast food joints, one of which he sold on the day of the incident.Das' brothers Ajay and Sanjay, who study in Delhi, claimed the assailants would often snatch money or goods from Das' shop counter. \"In the several snatchings, they made away with $25,000, apart from $60,000 on Wednesday night,\" Sanjay claimed.Agencies quoted Taria Camerino, a co-owner of a candy store in the same building, as saying that a robber had targeted her store as well.It was around 11am on Thursday (Indian time) when the news reached Das' home in Nadia, around two hours after the incident took place. \"Suhrid had sold one of his shops for $60,000 on the day he was killed. Asking one of his assistants to down the shutter, he came out on the road to watch out for snatchers. As soon as he saw two men getting off a car and approaching his shop, he rushed towards the rear exit, hoping to enter the shop and bolt the door from inside. But the criminals followed him and as he reached the gate, started firing. As he fell down, the snatchers took the money and fled,\" Sanjay narrated.Das' wife Bina and son Sauvik live in Nadia. Sauvik is a Class-VIII student of Badkullaha United Academy. His mother Shantilata is 70.Sanjay and Ajay were returning home after hearing of the incident when incidentally, they met chief minister Mamata Banerjee at the New Delhi airport lounge. When she saw the brothers crying, she asked them what the matter was. She assured them that all arrangements would be made to bring Das' body from the US, said Sanjay.\"The CM has assured us of all help from the central and state governments. She even instructed minister Mukul Roy to look into the matter and he later contacted us and initiated the process,\" Sanjay said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12025643", "title": "Budget constraints force NU to drop online valuation plan", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur University has had to drop its ambitious plans of online evaluation of answer sheets owing to budget constraints. NU officials preparing budget for next financial year of 2012-13 told TOI that the cash-strapped university could not afford Rs 20 crore per year system. TOI had been making the point that the new system made by Bangalore-based Mind Logic Infotech was not feasible for universities like NU having huge number of colleges (over 800) and students (over 4 lakh).NU officials added that Mind Logic had insisted on a six years pact before supplying the system. This meant NU would have had to shell out minimum of Rs 120 crore over the next six years. For 2009-10 fiscal, NU's budget deficit was Rs 13.42 crore while for 2011-12 it was Rs 15.09 crore. For 2012-13, the deficit has been pegged at Rs 21 crore. In such a situation, there was no question of going in for the system, officials stated.Senior management council member Baban Taywade, who will be presenting the budget during March 17 senate meet, stated no provision was made for the system. \"This year it was not possible, we might think about it next year,\" Taywade said. He was a part of the group that had visited Mind Logic headquarters along with Controller of Examination (CoE) Siddharth Kane and deputy registrar Anil Hirekhan.Finance and accounts officer (FAO) Puran Meshram, who drafted NU budget, said \"how can we make provision without statutory bodies' approval? Unless the management council and other bodies make a policy decision, funds for the online system could not be allocated.\" Many members from NU's statutory bodies had objected to NU's decision to award contract to Bangalore-based company for six years without testing the system on pilot basis. They had expressed surprise over the pace with which it was decided to award the contract to company.They said statutory bodies were not taken into confidence before making the decision and demanded an emergent meeting of senate to discuss the issue in detail. They raised serious doubts on entire deal asking about failure of earlier such schemes like providing results on phone through IVRS which never saw light of the day and experiment of second exam within a month of conducting summer exam to save academic year of the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12026216", "title": "HC rejects plea to treat sting op as evidence", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Friday dismissed an application filed by a convict in Godhra carnage case demanding that additional evidence in form of a sting operation should be allowed to be brought on record during the hearing of appeal.A bench of justices Jayant Patel and Paresh Upadhyay rejected the plea terming it \"premature\" at this stage, but could be considered during the final hearing of the appeal as well as the death confirmation case.Salim alias Salman Zarda, who has been awarded death sentence along with 10 others in the Godhra train-burning incident, has sought examination of journalist Ashish Khaitan and urged HC to direct the CBI to furnish the documents establishing authenticity of the CD of the sting operation. CBI had conducted a probe in this case after the National Human Rights Commission ( NHRC) took suo motu cognizance of the expose in October 2007.Zarda has also sought the evidence to be taken on record contending that the Supreme Court-appointed special investigation team (SIT) failed to probe this aspect in proper way.During the trial in August 2010, when the accused sought examination of the journalist as defence witness, the special court rejected it. The court felt that it was a delaying tactic on part of those who were undertrial. Designated judge P R Patel had also observed that the sting operation was not admissible evidence and no right was given to media person to interview any witness. Besides, SIT did not even rely on Khaitan's statement, who was among 268 witnesses SIT had chosen to drop.Zarda's counsel contended before HC that the sting operation has been made evidence in other cases like Gulbarg Society and Naroda Patia massacres. However, since the vital piece of evidence was not convenient to the theory of prosecution, it was ignored in the Godhra carnage case.However, the division bench felt that the applicant should agitate this issue during the hearing of his appeal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12028061", "title": "Plea bays for blood of \u2018encounter\u2019 cops", "text": "A public interest litigation (PIL) filed in the Madras high court has sought a direction to the state to register a case of murder against the police personnel involved in Thursday's encounter. The plea also wanted investigation of the case to be handed over to the CBI. The matter is expected to come up for hearing on Monday.The PIL, by Prisoners Rights Forum director P Pugalenthi, said the information received by police was that an individual resembling the person captured in video footage was residing in a thickly-populated area.\"With this information, no police personnel investigating a robbery would try to kill suspected criminals. Here is a case where police never wanted to investigate a crime but were bent upon killing the suspected criminals. After committing such a grave crime, police maintained they had done this in exercise of their 'right of self-defence',\" the plea said.Referring to statements made by the police commissioner, the petitioner said the five men were killed even before police knew who they were. It was only after they were shot that the police established their identities. This was revealed only on the basis of voter identity cards and driving licences found at the scene. The PIL said that the police did not make it clear whether a warning was given to the suspects in a language known to them.The PIL added that a state government direction on August 8, 2007, had said National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) guidelines should be adhered to in cases relating to deaths in police encounters.One of the points says, \"Whenever a complaint is made against the police alleging commission of a criminal act on their part, which makes out a cognizable case of culpable homicide, an FIR must be registered.\"In a related development, the Association of Lawyers' Against Corruption and Oppression has written to the Chief Justice of India about the encounter, requesting him to treat the letter as a PIL and direct the CBI to take over the investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12026220", "title": "Parulekar\u2019s bail plea rejected", "text": "BHOPAL: The sessions court on Friday turned down the bail application of firebrand Congress legislator Kalpana Parulekar, who had been arrested on the charge of doctoring state Lokayukta Justice P P Neolakar's photograph and showing him in RSS uniform.This is the second time the sessions court had rejected her bail plea.Parulekar moved her bail application to attend the budget session of on-going assembly. Her counsels argued that their client is a public representative and she is duty bound to raise the issue of her constituency.They said the MLA has already been in the judicial custody for over a fortnight and she now needs to be out on a bail. In her plea, the MLA prayed she was a woman and social worker too who needs to be in people's midst.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12026095", "title": "Teachers to face Esma for duty dereliction", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh Board of Secondary Education (MPBSE) has decided to tighten the noose around government school teachers who try to escape evaluation duties post board examination.The teachers found escaping evaluation duties would be prosecuted under Essential Services Maintenance Act ( ESMA), the school education department officials said.The MPBSE has issued a circular stating subject teachers of government schools evading evaluation duties would be brought to book.This has been done to speed up the evaluation process and to minimize the complaints of unfair evaluation.The district educational officers (DEOs) have been asked to provide a list of teachers, who would be given evaluation duties from April 1, by February 25 to the district collectors.The DEO, Bhopal C M Upadhyay said, \"This year it would be ensured that no subject teachers evade any sort of duties related to evaluation. Only the district collector would have the authority to grant leave to any teacher unable to come for evaluation duties based on genuine reasons.\"\"Teachers found escaping the evaluation duties would be prosecuted under Essential Services Maintenance Act (Esma), which was imposed last month,\" he added.It is generally seen that teachers of subjects like Maths, English and Science evade their duties, so much so that teachers from non-governmental schools have to bear additional burden. This delays the evaluation process and overburdens the teachers on regular duty.The high school and higher secondary exams are scheduled to end on March 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12026734", "title": "India joins US, Israel at UN to slam Delhi attack", "text": "NEW YORK: India on Thursday joined a diplomatic initiative by the US and Israel in the Security Council to issue a statement condemning the recent terror attack on an Israeli diplomat in New Delhi, after others came around to heed its insistence not to mention Iran.In a press statement issued by UNSC president Kodjo Menan from Togo , the UN \"condemned in the strongest terms the terrorist attack in New Delhi, India, aimed at Israel's diplomatic personnel which resulted in injuries to diplomatic personnel and civilians, and the recent attempted terrorist attack in Tbilisi, Georgia \".There was no way India could stay away from supporting the statement, given that Indian citizens had been injured in the attack, but India was insistent that Iran not be mentioned by name since investigations into the incident had not yet been completed.The statement, full of high-sounding phrases, \"reaffirmed that terrorism in all its forms and manifestations constitutes one of the most serious threats to peace and security and that any acts of terrorism are criminal and unjustifiable regardless of their motivations, whenever and by whomsoever committed\".Only the New Delhi and Tbilisi attacks were mentioned in the UN statement. The Bangkok incident, which actually caught Iranian-origin nationals, did not find mention. According to a claim by the chief of Shin Bet , the Israeli security service, several weeks ago, they had pre-empted attacks in Azerbaijan and Turkey . None of those attempts have been referred to in the statement.India also pushed for inclusion of a line in the statement asking other member countries to share information regarding the attack with New Delhi, particularly as there has been little headway in the investigations.Therefore, the statement \"underlined the need to bring perpetrators, organizers, financiers and sponsors of these reprehensible acts of terrorism to justice, and urged all states, in accordance with their obligations under international law and relevant Security Council resolutions, to cooperate actively with all relevant authorities in this regard\".The press statement was the result of a complaint made by Israeli envoy to the UN Ron Prosor to the UN secretary general, in the wake of the attack of February 13. Both Israel and the US would have liked it to be a presidential statement.In India, Israeli ambassador Alon Ushpiz raised the matter with foreign minister S M Krishna, asking India to sponsor the statement. Working overtime to maintain its \"balance\" between Israel and Iran, India refrained from sponsoring it, and the draft was therefore circulated by Togo, Security Council president.Earlier, the Iranian envoy had written a similar complaint to the UN Security Council asking for a similar condemnation of the attack on its nuclear scientist, Mostafa Ahmadi Roshan, who was also killed with a magnetic bomb attached to his car in Tehran on January 11, just a month before the attack on the Israeli diplomat in New Delhi. But that complaint was quashed by the western countries who said it couldn't qualify for a Security Council statement since only one person had been targeted who had died.On November 18, the UN General Assembly passed a resolution condemning Iran for an alleged attempt to assassinate the Saudi Arabian ambassador to the US. That resolution had over 60 co-sponsors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12027522", "title": "\u2018Good governance is in public\u2019s hand\u2019", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka governor Hans Raj Bhardwaj said he is satisfied with the present governance in the state. However, at the end of the day, it is the 'common man' who has to decide if he's happy with the way the state is being governed.At the inauguration of the 16th All India Moot Court Competition, the governor said: \"Things are going right in the state. But I'm happy that my comments have been heard.\" It was unclear if he was referring to his comments being placed before the BJP Chintan Baithak. Reacting to former chief minister Yeddurappa's move, the governor said he chose to reserve his comments as the matter is under litigation. He refrained from commenting on the sensitive Lokayukta issue and said he would not say anything unless it's 'worth saying'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12026145", "title": "Ahmedabad: Four temples razed in 2 days, more to go", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was a shocker for the regular commuters passing by IIM-A road on Friday. The famous Bhidbhanjan Hanuman temple adjoining IIM wall was missing. The temple, frequently thronged by senior bureaucrats, IPS and police officials and thousands of devotees during Tuesdays and Saturdays, was demolished midst tight police security late on Thursday night.Police officials said that they anticipated trouble but no untoward incident was reported either on Thursday or Friday. In principal, the temple managers have been given permission to keep a small place for the deity at the original spot.Akka Bharwad, one of the caretakers of the temple, showed displeasure at the gesture of AMC . \"In earlier talks, the civic officials had said that they would raze around 9 feet of the construction due to expansion of the adjoining road. However, when the demolition team arrived late on Thursday, they razed the entire structure. The officials have, however, assured that we can keep the idol at the same place and perform daily pooja. We have been promised space for the small temple under the flyover that will be constructed soon,\" he said.The temple was a thriving place due to nearby kitlis where the youngsters would throng in the night for a cup of tea. On a regular Saturday evening, there would be 15 to 20 cars parks on the opposite side of the road at any given time with travelers getting down for 'darshan' at the temple that would be open till late in the night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12027422", "title": "Nigerian players held in sleaze racket raid", "text": "KOLKATA: Three Nigerian footballers - one of whom plays for Mohammedan Sporting Club - were arrested late on Thursday for running a brothel in their south Kolkata apartment. Local residents had complained to police that the trio - Michael Shegum Tayo, Mohammad Hasan Arzola and Wahid Abdulla Akole - teased local girls and housewives and even tried to molest them.It was Michael who rented a flat at Purbachal near Sakti Sangha club in Garpha some months ago. He plays for the Kalighat Milan Samity football club and has even played I-league for Sporting Cube De Goa and Air India. Hasan is a defender for Mohammedan Club and Wahid is Michael's teammate at Kalighat.A Kolkata Police officer said for the past few weeks, the locals had informed them that these three Nigerians were running a brothel in their flat despite being warned by locals. On Thursday evening, some residents saw one of them entering the flat with a woman and informed police.Shortly after midnight, cops raided the flat and found the Nigerians with a sex worker from Sonagachhi. A pornographic movie was playing on a laptop. All four were arrested.Residents have told police that the trio used to target local women and had even tried to molest some of them. When anyone protested, they turned violent and threatened to beat them up, say police. \"We have been getting complaints that they used to hire women and take them to their flat. Finally, we caught them red-handed,\" said a police officer. All four have been booked under Sections 3, 5, 6 and 7 of the Immoral Trafficking Act and have been remanded in jail custody for 14 days.Sources in Mohammedan Sporting said the club is holding an emergency meeting on Saturday to take disciplinary action against Hasan.Coach Aloke Mukherjee said: \"Hasan is quite a good player and did well in the first phase of the second division I-League. I am not very sure what exactly transpired but I am very sad to hear about it. I am, however, hopeful that it won't affect the morale of the team.\" Ajit Banerjee, president Kalighat MS, said: \"I am not in town but I am very sad to hear about the incident. If proved guilty, strict action should be taken against the players.\" All India Football Federation general secretary Kushal Das said he will be writing to all the clubs to be vigilant as such incidents will bring a bad name to the game.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12028019", "title": "10 held, 5 girls rescued in raid", "text": "MAPUSA: Police on Friday busted a sex racket, rescuing five girls from a hotel in Anjuna and arresting 10 persons, including alleged pimps, customers, and the hotel's owner and manager.Following a tip-off that girls from Andhra Pradesh were being trafficked to work in Hotel Bella Rossa, Muddivaddo, and were also being used in the flesh trade, Anjuna police laid a trap and around 1.30am raided the hotel's premises.Police said the \" dance bar girls\" were present at a party arranged for 40-50 people in the hotel's hall.\"Later, the customers selected five girls from the party and took them to the hotel's rooms for sexual exploitation,\" police sources said.Police raided the rooms and rescued five girls aged between 20 and 25, all hailing from Andhra Pradesh.After being medically examined the girls were sent to the state protective home at Merces, police said.Police also arrested 10 persons identified as Ramchandra Kumar, 23, and Palishetty Srinivasarao, 36, allegedly pimps; Musham Hari Prasad, 35, Baburao Kolishetty, 52, Nageshwar Rao, 30, Zakir Hussain , 24, Murali Krishna Nallajerla, 35, and Kodaveru Venkanna, 37, all from Andhra Pradesh who were allegedly customers; and hotel manager Ferdinand Francis, 24, from Navi Mumbai and Tejpal Singh, 24, a Mumbai-based hotel owner.All have been arrested under the Prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act. A case has also been registered at the Anjuna police station. Further investigations are in progress under the supervision of PI Gurudas Kadam.The raiding police team was led by Kadam and comprised constables Amar Konadkar, Nitesh Mulgaonkar, Suhas Joshi, Rupesh Korgaonkar, Umesh Pawaskar, Vishranti Tamoskar and Sumitra Raul.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12026631", "title": "Solar-powered UAVs may fly soon", "text": "BANGALORE: Solar-powered Unmanned Air Vehicles (UAVs) and vertical take-off and landing of UAVs will be key developments in this field, DRDO chief controller R&D; (aero) A Subhananda Rao said on the sidelines of the International Conference on Autonomous Unmanned Vehicles 2012 here on Friday.He said while solar-powered UAVs will have high-endurance capabilities and operate at altitudes up to 30,000 ft, ship-borne vertical take-off and landing UAVs, which will have rotors, can carry out reconnaissance activities on the high seas.\"UAVs are gamechangers now. In recent years, UAVs have demonstrated their capability to perform missions from reconnaissance to surveillance as well as search &amp; rescue in uninhabited airspace,\" he said.The current mandate is for HALO (high endurance long range) -- the requirement by the government is 300-kilometre range and 24- hour endurance. \"This project's first flight will be in February 2014,\" he said.Rao said they have not been given the mandate to produce a combat UAV. \"Tomorrow's warfare will depend on intelligence collection and transmission and we are concentrating on that. We'll also develop stealth technology for UAVs,\" he added.\"A key technology for UAVs to perform their intended mission is autonomy. All operational UAVs worldwide operate at level three of autonomy, equipped to adapt the mission to failure in flight and atmospheric conditions. With level 4, the most critical technology is to impart 360-degree situational awareness to an unmanned system which will enable it to replan the mission in reaction to threats and targets,\" he said.ADE director PS Krishnan said Rustom-2 would be India's equivalent to US's drones and will be flight tested by 2015. They will have flight endurance of 24 hours and stay afloat for 24 hours. He said for Rustom-2, the government has allocated Rs 1,540 crore for development of the UAV and for building a test range at Chitradurga.Army pilots have taken the lead in being trained on simulators and actual test flights of Rustom-1, which was developed earlier last year on a technology demonstration basis. These pilots have already taken Rustom-1 on 10 test flights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12026777", "title": "'Shift ISI agent to Alipore jail'", "text": "PUNE: The district and sessions court on Friday directed city police commissioner Meeran Chadha Borwankar to shift Inter Services Intelligence (ISI) agent Sayyed Mohammad Desai to Alipore central jail in Kolkata with immediate effect.Additional sessions judge Sadhana Shinde passed the order after she found that Desai had been shifted to Pune without authority.The court had recently served notice on Desai at the Alipore jail. The notice informed him that the prosecution had filed a miscellaneous application to condone delay in preferring an appeal challenging his acquittal.It may be recalled that the chief judicial magistrate here had acquitted Desai and his accomplice Shailesh Jadhav in an alleged spying case on April 8, 2011.The Kolkata police mistakenly produced Desai before the court here on Thursday. He was lodged at the Yerawada central jail for a day and again produced before the court on Friday when the application came up for hearing.However, judge Shinde asked why Desai had been shifted to Pune when no production warrant had been issued against him asking for his presence.Desai's lawyers Vidhyadhar Koshe and Vinod Shete appealed to the court to keep him under observation at the police commissionerate here, but the judge did not consider their plea.Judge Shinde directed Borwankar to make the necessary arrangements to shift Desai to Alipore jail as he was not involved in any case in Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12026600", "title": "Siblings have kidney transplant, at last", "text": "MUMBAI: Over five weeks after the Bombay High Court permitted an intra-family kidney transplant, the surgeries of a brother-sister duo from Chhattisgarh finally took place on Friday at Lilavati Hospital in Bandra.The double surgery-to retrieve 33-year-old Sonia Vayklip's kidney and transplant it into her brother Deepak (29)-was delayed after surgeons Dr Samir Desai and Dr Hemant Pathak of the transplant team had backed out.The siblings had moved the high court after Lilavati Hospital doctors claimed that she was mentally retarded and incapable of deciding on donating her kidney. In a January 18 order, a division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Roshan Dalvi had rejected the contention that Sonia was \"mentally retarded\". Even the state authorization committee (which was directed by the high court to look into the case) had rejected Sonia's application.Hospital sources confirmed that the transplant operations were carried out early in the day. \"Both were straightforward operations. The patients seem to be doing fine,\" said a source. Vayklips' advocate R A Shaikh also said the siblings were doing well after the surgeries. \"I have made enquiries. Both patients are doing fine and responding to the treatment. There is no problem.\" Sources said Sonia was back in the ward while Deepak was in the ICU.Dr H L Chulani, the hospital's medico-legal consultant, said: \"The surgeries took place in the morning. As of now, there are no complaints. We have told doctors and staffers to look after the duo the way we look after other patients.\"The transplant team included nephrologist Dr Bharat Shah and surgeons Dr P Vaze (for Sonia) and Dr S Raina (for Deepak). Another hospital source said the transplant surgeons did not want to talk about the operations until the patients had fully recovered. Dr Shah also refused to comment. Dr Shah had come to court to plead the Vayklips' case, saying there was 100% tissue match and every day's delay was a risk.However, a senior urologist said Sonia had nine procedures to remove stones from one of her kidneys. \"Such a patient cannot be a donor. The kidney that had the stones must have been given to her brother under the rules of the Human Organ Transplant Act,\" the doctor said. The renal biochemistry is such that the other, so-far normal kidney, too, would be affected with stones in the near future, he added.Zonal Transplantation Coordination Centre secretary-general Dr Sujata Patwardhan, who also heads KEM Hospital's urology department, had written to TOI's interactive column to underline that the donor's persistent kidney stone problem meant that she cannot be a healthy donor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12030508", "title": "Chennai high-flyers get rejuvenated", "text": "Pampering oneself is a priority for the lissome lasses of Chennai.And the launch of a new spa in a chic hotel of the city gave these girls more than one reason to celebrate. The P3P crowd of the town made a beeline to the premises on the opening of this wellness centre. Of course, they all made an impression on the guests with their fabulous sense of couture. Going completely gaga over some bright shades, Aishwarya made heads turn with her crisp green top and white trousers. Vanessa also earned brownie points for smartly coupling her ensemble with cutesy accessories. Many ladies shone in their ethnic splendour as well, chief among them being Gopika Verma, who always manages to hold our attention with her elegantly awesome drapes. Well, for those looking for fashion tips, look no further - your teachers are right here in good ol' Chennai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12026595", "title": "Sri Sri University to groom winners", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: While opposition parties are describing the panchayat polls as among the most unfairly fought elections in recent times, the Sri Sri University (SSU) near here has decided to groom the newly-elected rural representatives through a short-term course. \"We will start the 10 to 15 days course from February 28 for a batch of 30 of them,\" said SSU vice-chancellor Dr K C Mishra. Depending upon the response, the varsity may plan next batches of 30, he added.Mishra said the course has been designed to train the newly-elected grassroots representatives about three things: getting rural projects implemented, keeping spiritual conscience intact and about creation of team and organization. \"The course will be very interactive and participatory in a spiritual ambience and approach,\" he said.As skeptics would term such training as misnomer, Dr Mishra said, \"We must start somewhere. I am optimistic about the results.\" Dr Mishra has previous experience of conducting similar programmes for people's representatives and civil servants as director of Lal Bahadur Shastri Institute of Management, Delhi and at Administrative Staff College of India, Hyderabad. In Odisha, however, such training will be held for the first time.Dr Mishra said while the university is conducting the course free of cost, they are getting sponsors for bearing the expenditure towards stay and food of the participants. He, however, declined to divulge complete details of the sponsors.Independent MLA Pratap Sarangi has reportedly agreed to sponsor 15 panchayat representatives from his constituency. \"I will sponsor around 15 of them. I am yet to finalise about the exact cost and other modalities with the university,\" Sarangi said.Panchayat representatives are optimistic about the prospects of such a course. \"Starting from this year's election, the government reserved 50% seats for women , many of who may not be having the required skills to run a panchayat. Such training programmes would be great help to the women,\" said Laxmi Priya, the newly-elected sarpanch of Sarkanda panchayat in Bargarh district.The SSU vice-chancellor said that the short-term course will be a prelude to the varsity's one-year diploma course to be offered by its proposed School of Governance. The school will offer one-year diplomas in three subjects: public governance, corporate governance and panchayatiraj governance. \"The one-year diploma will be a full-time course for which the varsity will charge a fee,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12027239", "title": "Chinthan-manthan leaves BSY fuming", "text": "BANGALORE: BJP national president Nitin Gadkari on Friday drove home the point that those who respect the party's principles will be suitably rewarded. The message was, of course, for former CM B S Yeddyurappa, who has been on a mission to spring back into the thick of political action.Citing the examples of party leaders Deendayal Upadhyaya, Shyama Prasad Mookerje, A B Vajpayee and L K Advani , the BJP president said they were committed to the party's principles, not individual interests. Gadkari said, \"A cadre loses everything if the leader tries to damage the party. I respect those who respect the party's principles, failing which you will never get anything.\"The BJP leadership also frustrated the plans of Yeddyurappa's followers to embarrass the party by boycotting the baithak after Gadkari's address by cutting short the two-day event into a three-hour affair. The event was called off after Gadkari addressed the delegates. Gadkari said he would visit Karnataka after the Uttar Pradesh elections to take part in the next chintan-manthan baithak when he would stay over for a couple of days.Gadkari plunged into parleys from the minute he arrived in Bangalore late Thursday night. Eshwarappa and Gowda met Gadkari, briefing him about the state of affairs in the party. The BJP chief is said to have assured the duo that he would set the record straight. Eshwarappa and Gowda told Gadkari that they would abide by whatever decisions the leadership made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12027402", "title": "Cold continues in Shimla, respite in Manali", "text": "SHIMLA: The cold winds swept Shimla on Friday and the sky remained overcast though it did not rain or snow.Meteorological department officials said the maximum and minimum temperatures were recorded as 17.1 and 4.2 degrees celsius respectively. Weathermen have forecast clouds and dry weather on the lower and mid altitude hills. Thunderstorms may occur in isolated areas and on higher hills.Meanwhile, Manali has recorded drastic rise in temperature, with minimum temperature remaining many notches above the freezing point. Minimum temperature in Manali was below the freezing point for more than two months while maximum temperature, too, was close to 5 degrees celsius. On Friday, the minimum temperature in Manali was 3 degrees celsius and the maximum was 13 degrees celsius.Minimum and maximum temperature in Bhunter near Kullu were 6.8 and 21.7 degrees celsius respectively. It has been raining at Manali for a week but there are no signs of snow. Mild snowfall hit the high altitude peaks located at 11,000 feet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12026156", "title": "Central Excise Day commemorated in city", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was on February 24, 1944 when the Central Excise was enacted in the country. Today, the excise and customs duty collections contribute over 80% to India's total indirect tax revenue. To commemorate the day of enactment and award meritorious officers, Central Excise, Ahmedabad zone on Friday celebrated Central Excise Day.The event saw gathering of senior officers from several state and central agencies including Directorate of Revenue Intelligence, Enforcement Directorate, Coast Guard and Income Tax. \"The collections from excise duty have helped the national development largely for building infrastructure and health care facilities. The department has been the main contributor to country's indirect tax collection,\" said Ajay Tomar, JCP, Sector-1.On the day, more than 30 excise and service tax superintendents and inspectors were awarded meritorious service certificates.\"Till January 31, 2012, the excise and service tax collections for Ahmedabad zone stand at Rs 5,034 crore. In Gujarat, the major contributors to the excise duty collection are petroleum and chemical products. For service tax, revenue is mainly realized from telecom, construction and business auxiliary services,\" said Lipika Majumdar Roy, chief commissioner central excise, Ahmedabad zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12025714", "title": "Job bait used to lure Andhra women into flesh trade", "text": "HYDERABAD: The recent rescue of AP girls from a Delhi brothel has revealed that love and employment are the two main methods adopted by human traffickers to lure women from the state into flesh trade.A complaint lodged by a 22-year-old woman from Anantapur, who managed to escape from the brothel at GB Road in New Delhi, has made it possible for 17 from the state holed up in the same brothel to get out from there.The complainant, Lakshmi (name changed), was lured to Delhi in 2009 by the traffickers with the promise of a job. Lakshmi, who was deserted by her husband, was desperate for a job to take care of herself and her newborn child. She was then approached by a trafficker, Gangaraju, who took her to Delhi promising her a job. Lakshmi was then handed over to a woman who introduced herself as an employment agent. Through some more middlemen and women, she finally ended up in a dingy apartment at GB Road where she was forced into flesh trade.Unable to escape from there, she had to give in finally. A few months later, she got access to a telephone and called up her sister in AP and pleaded her to rescue her. With the assistance of her sister and an NGO, Lakshmi managed to escape from the brothel towards the end of 2010. She then returned to Anantapur and has been living with the assistance of a local NGO. After recovering from the trauma, Lakshmi approached the CID recently saying that there were at least half a dozen women from Andhra Pradesh wanting to escape from the Delhi brothel.CID sleuths booked a case and a special team was dispatched to Delhi, which rescued 72 women, including 17 from the state. According to Subir Roy, director (programmes) of NGO Shakti Vahini, who counselled some of the rescued women, about 70% of the victims were lured to Delhi by a trafficker called 'Raju'. \"The traffickers' network is well organised and we suspect that a majority of them are identifying themselves as Raju to confuse the investigating agencies,\" Roy said.Among the rescued women from the state are widows, girls who eloped with lovers and poor women who were trapped with the offer of employment. \"To trap the women, the organisers of the brothel tell them to work for two years and at the end of it, are promised a hefty amount which they can take home. But that never happens and seeing no future, the victims continue in the same work,\" a CID officer said.During the raid, CID officials found the women hidden in narrow tunnel-like spaces. \"About 50 women were accommodated in a space where hardly 20 can stay,\" CID DSP Lakshmi Naidu said.CID SP Kalpana Nayak said the 13 arrested traffickers were produced before the court and remanded in judicial custody. \"The victims will be arriving here shortly. The women will be sent to state rehabilitation homes and the minors will be produced before the child welfare committee,\" the SP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "gonda (up)", "code": "12031245", "title": "Three children charred to death", "text": "GONDA (UP): Three children of a family were charred to death when a fire broke out in Ramgarh village here, police said on Saturday.The fire, which was caused by an earthen lamp also gutted seven thatched houses in the area last night, District Magistrate Roshan Jacob said. Three victims identified as Santosh (8), Neelu (6) and Himanshi (2), all children of Parag Pasi, were killed in the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12027070", "title": "Banks, don\u2019t expect robbers to respect elderly guarding ATMs", "text": "CHENNAI: Three men attempting to break open an ATM in Nolambur on Monday, after threatening a 67-year-old security guard, is the most recent instance of robbers targeting poorly-guarded teller machine kiosks in the city.Despite guidelines laid down by the Central Association of Private Security Industry (CAPSI), many banks use private security agencies to employ guards who are physically unfit or elderly. These guards are often forced to work overtime and are paid a pittance.Among the guidelines proposed by the association is that the state government should appoint an authority to monitor security agencies. Like other CAPSI guidelines, this has not been implemented.Security guards are supposed to be provided with field training by the controlling authority and take part in technical sessions. The training includes a minimum of 100 hours of classroom instruction and 60 hours on the field. Only after undergoing the training can candidates be eligible to serve as security guards, according to the CAPSI guidelines.CAPSI chairman Vikram Singh said the association had designed a curriculum to improve the standards of security guards in the country.Experts say ATMs require armed security guards, advanced night vision CCTV cameras with sufficient storage capacity, burglar alarms, automatic locks and sirens but many of the city's ATMs are not equipped with such features. \"The lack of security arrangements has made ATMs and banks a soft target for robbers,\" a police officer said.\"Banks usually give contracts to private security agencies and they appoint elderly men as security guards because they can keep their expenses on salary low,\" said the officer.Under the labour laws that do not allow more than eight-hour shifts for security guards, each ATM would need three guards daily. \"This is not the case at most ATMs in the city,\" the officer said.Security guards say they are being exploited. \"I have to work for more than 12 hours a day and paid Rs 5,000 per month. The security agency takes Rs 1,000 per month as processing fee,\" said an elderly guard working at an ATM of a nationalised bank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12028281", "title": "Returning poll officers misbehave with passengers in Lichchavi Express", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Panic gripped Allahabad railway junction when a group of passengers travelling in AC-II tier of Lichchavi express levelled charges against policemen alleging that cops, who were returning after performing election duties, had forcibly entered the air-conditioned compartment and also misbehaved with passengers in wee hours of Friday. The train was on its way to Darbhanga from New-Delhi.Passengers who stepped down at Allahabad railway junction to mark their protest against the policemen misbehave, had called up RPF and GRP officers assistance to tackle the problem. Passengers including women claimed \" before the train reached Kanpur railway station, the number of policemen traveling in AC coach was less and once it left Kanpur railway station, the strength of policemen ( returning from election duties) increased all of sudden and they had forcibly stated grabbing the seats\".A passenger preferring anonymity told reporters \" we were silent till the train reached Kanpur but as soon as it left Kanpur, policemen had involved in arguments with passenger and even involved in eve-teasing with women passengers\". The issue was only sorted out when senior RPF and GRP officials reached the spot and asked the policemen traveling in AC compartment to leave the coach.On being contacted, SSI, Allahabad Junction, admitted that passengers of Lichchavi express had lodged their complaint regarding entires of policemen into AC compartment and the officials had sorted out it after asking all the policemen to vacate the compartment\".Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12028384", "title": "St Aloysius College will celebrate 25 years of women students", "text": "MANGALORE: To commemorate the silver jubilee year of women's presence in St Aloysius College, the institution will organize a national-level seminar on 'Women as catalysts of change' at Eric Mathais Hall on Saturday.Stanly K V, founder secretary and director of Odanadi (Mysore) will deliver the keynote address. Rita Noronha, director of research unit, Roshni Nilaya, will address a session on 'Emerging trends in gender relations in Dakshina Kannada'. This will be followed by a session on `Women in higher education: Impact and challenges' by Prof Usha Devi from Bangalore.College principal Fr Swebert D'silva said: \"The year 1986 was a path-breaking one in the history of the college. Being the silver jubilee year of the presence of the women students in the campus, we have decided to organize seminar and other related sessions.\"The themes short-listed for the seminar are 'Women as innovative entrepreneurs', 'Women and advocacy rights', 'Women and decision-making', and 'Women and NGOs'. There will also be an exhibition-cum-sale of artefacts made by self-help groups of women from the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12026103", "title": "Man arrested for attack on wife, opening fire", "text": "BHOPAL: The police have arrested a man for assaulting his wife and firing two gun shots in Kolar area on Thursday. The complainant, Chaya and the accused, Vinay, reside in Danish Kunj, Kolar. The couple had a heated argument over an issue after which the accused allegedly roughed her up.Later, the woman went to her parents' place who live in the same locality. However, the accused went after her and fired a bullet shot. Fortunately, she escaped unhurt. Police said that the accused fired another gun shot in the air at her parents place.Subsequently, the woman approached the police and got registered a case against her husband.The police said accused has been taken into custody. Further investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12028389", "title": "\u2018Tax evasion will be effectively combated\u2019", "text": "MANGALORE: M V S Choudary, commissioner of Central Excise, said that in an era of voluntary tax compliance, evolution of professional and tough anti-evasion machinery is essential. \"Tax evasion has to be combated with a more focused and serious approach. This year, the audit and anti-evasion wings of the Mangalore Central Excise Commissionerate have done exceedingly well in detecting substantial revenue loss and unearthing new modus operandi of service tax evaders,'' the commissioner said.Speaking at the Central Excise Day celebrations here on Friday, the commissioner said the recent implementation of Sevottam, a service-delivery initiative, was another significant milestone as was the Citizens' Charter and efficient grievance redressal systems.\"The introduction of Goods and Services Tax in the near future is another remarkable and significant reform in indirect tax system in India by amalgamating a variety of indirect taxes levies collected by the Centre and the states. This would mitigate cascading or double taxation in a major way, and pave the way for a common national market. The beneficial impact of this tax is that it will apply to both goods and services, and to transactions -both intra-state and inter state,\" he added.On this occasion, IGP (western range) Pratap Reddy felicitated presidential award winners Srinivas Naik, superintendent and Ramakrishnan, inspector; author Giselle Mehtha, a former officer of the department, and Dinesh Kunder, inspector and athletic coach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12026937", "title": "Selling fake brands costs traders dear", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A Tommy Hilfiger denim, costing over Rs 3,500 in an authorized showroom, for just Rs 400, a Calvin Klein shirt costing over Rs 2,000 for just Rs 350 and a Polo T-shirt for just Rs 200.This isn't an advertisement for a stock clearance sale or any bumper offer, but testimony of an illegal trade, which had been functioning from a long time.However, after receiving a formal complaint, Chandigarh police came out of hibernation and tightened their noose around such traders on Friday. Police, in association with company officials, raided four premises in Sector 20 where traders had been dealing in duplicate clothes of popular brands.Police said it is a close-knit network and they have arrested four persons in this regard. Officials from three brands; Calvin Klein, Polo and Tommy Hilfiger, had submitted a written complaint regarding this illegal trade to senior superintendent of police Naunihal Singh.\"We conducted raids and found many duplicate denims, shirts, jackets, pullovers and T-shirts of these brands,\" said investigation officer Gurbax Singh.\"These people had been using fake logos and stickers of these brands to run their illegal busines. We have arrested four persons for cheating under various sections of Copyright Act and Trademark Act. They would be interrogated to ascertain where these apparels are being sourced from,\" said Singh.One of the brand officials accompanying the raiding team told TOI, \"These traders were causing huge loses to the company by selling the products in the range of Rs 200 to Rs 600.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12026285", "title": "Air Marshal, Wing Commander survive Mirage crash", "text": "NEW DELHI: An IAF three-star general and a wing commander escaped unhurt when the multi-role Mirage-2000 fighter they were flying crashed after an engine problem in the Bhind region of Madhya Pradesh around noon on Friday.Air Marshal Anil Chopra, among the first batch of IAF pilots to fly the single-engine Mirage-2000s on their induction from France in the mid-1980s, and Wing Commander Ram Kumar were on a \"routine flying mission'' when their fighter stalled during a climb soon after take-off from Gwalior airbase at 12.01 pm.\"As per procedures, they tried to 're-light' the engine but failed. The two then, around 12.09 pm, ejected safely while the jet crashed in the ravines. A court of inquiry has been ordered into the crash,'' said an officer.Posted as the air officer-in-charge of personnel at IAF HQ in New Delhi, Air Marshal Chopra was on an official tour to Gwalior airbase as the 'commodore commandant' of the No.1 Squadron (Tigers), which is headed by Wing Commander Kumar. IAF has two other Mirage squadrons, No.7 (Battle-Axes) and No.9 (Wolf Pack) at Gwalior.Air Marshal Chopra is the senior-most IAF officer to be involved in a crash in well over a decade. \"He is a fully qualified Mirage pilot and fit to fly the jet. Senior officers do go on sorties once in a while. For instance, former chief Air Chief Marshal Fali Major used to often fly helicopters,'' said an official.The last time such a senior officer was involved in an emergency was in 2002 when the then Western Air Command chief Air Marshal V K Bhatia flying an AN-32 came under Pakistani fire when he inadvertently crossed the Line of Control. Though the aircraft took a missile hit, it landed safely back in Kargil area.Mirage-2000s have a much better flight safety record compared to others like MiGs and Jaguars. Only 10 of the over 60 Mirages procured by India have crashed since their induction began in the mid-1980s. Of them, four Mirages had crashed in close succession in late-2004.Incidentally, India recently inked two deals worth over Rs 17,500 crore for the progressive upgrade of IAF's 51 Mirage-2000s by French companies Dassault Aviation (aircraft manufacturer), Thales (weapons systems integrator) and MBDA (missile supplier).While the first two fighters have been sent to France for the upgrade, the rest will later be retrofitted with new avionics, radars, mission computers, glass cockpits, helmet-mounted displays, electronic warfare suites, weapon delivery and precision-targeting systems in India by Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd under transfer of technology.The overall Mirage upgrade project cost will touch Rs 20,000 crore over the decade it will take to be completed, which has led to some criticism that it probably would have been better to go in for new fighters. IAF, however, swears by the Mirage-2000 fighters, which have had an excellent track record with the force.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12026274", "title": "Forest department for mining estate in state", "text": "INDORE: The forest department of state is contemplating to declare a few districts of Western MP rich in mineral deposits as mining estate in order to regularise the mining activities to check damage to forest, said PCCF RK Dave here on Friday.\"Mining is important for the economy and hence a blanket ban is not possible. But it should not be carried out at the cost of forest. Hence, marking certain districts of the state as mining estate will help in striking a balance between economy and environment,\" said PCCF Dave.He further said that the department was working on the identification of the areas rich in minerals.Plans were also being chalked out for afforestation to compensate for the forest areas which will come under the mining estate. The proposal will have to be approved by the state as well as union government before getting implemented.The department was also working on a unique 'private forest' concept where individuals would be encouraged to develop 'small forests' on their private lands, Dave said, adding private forestation will not only help in improving the forest cover but also in improving the economic condition of the farmers.Move to relax hunting normsINDORE: The forest department is mulling the proposal to permit hunting of blue bulls which have wrecked havoc on the crops in parts of the state as their population has increased steadily.Principal Chief Conservator of Forests (PCCF) Madhya Pradesh R K Dave who was here told ToI, \"There is a rule for hunting since 2005, but not a single permission has been given for hunting all these years. Now, the forest department is working to relax the norms of hunting.\"He also clarified that while relaxing the norms of hunting, the department will ensure that it should not cause any harm to wildlife. In any case permission will be given for hunting in only rural areas, hunting in forest areas will not be allowed.Forest minister Sartaj Singh said, \"After the protest over relaxing the norm for hunting we had put it on hold. But the people in the villages are angry over damage to their crops, so now we are in consultation with the people including chief minister.A decision will be taken after taking into confidence everyone one concerned.\"Elaborating about the possible change in the norm for hunting the PCCF said that under the existing rule one need to take permission from SDM for hunting. Now we are trying to deregulate it wherein a local person or agency can give permission for hunting.Besides this, there will be a provision for issuing licenses for hunting, so in case a farmer has a complaint then the registered hunter will be do the job for him. \"Giving permission to a farmer for hunting may not serve the purpose because a farmer may or may not able to kill the blue bore,\" said Dave adding that main motive behind bringing in change is to just benefit the villagers and it will not cause any existential threat to wildlife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12026816", "title": "Four gold chains snatched", "text": "PUNE: Gold chains, together worth Rs 1.64 lakh, were snatched in four separate incidents in the city on Thursday.The first incident took place in Kothrud around 12.30 pm. Two men on a motorcycle snatched Mangala Satpute's (69) gold chain valued at Rs 60,000. Satpute, who lives in Khadki, was walking to a relative's house at the time of the incident.Around 1.30 pm, a similar incident took place in Sahakarnagar. Sharada Gaikwad (51) of Dhankawdi was walking home, when two suspects on a motorcycle snatched her gold chain worth Rs 30,000.The third incident took place at Pimpri around 4.15 pm. The complainant, Neeta Dilip Phuge (39) of Bhosari, was riding pillion on a motorcycle with her husband when two men on another motorcycle snatched her gold chain, worth Rs 50,000.Half an hour later, Vaishali Gawde's gold chain, worth Rs 24,000, was stolen in Chinchwad. Gawde (21) of Keshavnagar in Chinchwad, was riding a scooter.With chain-snatching crimes on the rise, the police have decided to increase the number of 'marshals' and step up patrolling in the city. Additional commissioner of police (North Zone) Suresh Kumar Mekala said the police were taking such crimes very seriously. The number of such crimes is highest in Kothrud, Sahakarnagar, Chinchwad and Warje, he said. \"We have increased street patrolling in all parts of the city. Marshals will keep an eye on motorcycles,\" Mekala said.At present, the police have 106 marshals in the city, Mekala said. \"We have added nine more marshals and, as soon as we get motorcycles, we will increase the number of marshals,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12028260", "title": "Airport to be closed for five hours today", "text": "MUMBAI: The city airport will be shut for five hours from 11.30am to 4.30pm on Saturday . This means no flight will land at or take off from the airport as the intersection of two cross runways in Mumbai will be closed for construction activity.Flyers are unlikely to face any problems as the airport had issued a Notice To Airmen (NOTAM) three months ago and all flights were rescheduled accordingly.The airport will be closed for five hours on the next two Saturdays as well.A Mumbai International Airport Pvt Ltd ( MIAL ) spokesperson said the airport is already constructing a rapid exit taxiway (RET) for aircraft exit. The closure on Saturday is being undertaken to instal runway RET lights which will guide aircraft towards the new taxiway.\"The runways will be shut only during lean traffic hours. No flyer inconvenience is expected as all airlines were informed well in advance. Some have cancelled their flights. Others have clubbed two flights together. The Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) has also granted permission,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12025946", "title": "Koneru bail petition dismissed", "text": "HYDERABAD: Special judge B Nagamaruthi Sarma of the CBI court on Friday dismissed the bail plea of Koneru Rajendra Prasad, a key accused in the Emaar scam case. This is the third unsuccessful attempt by Prasad to secure bail.He represented Emaar Properties of Dubai that entered into an agreement with the state for developing 550 acres of government land in Hyderabad into villas, flats, a golf course, hotels and a convention centre, among others. The CBI contended that while Emaar made money, the state was left empty-handed.The CBI is yet to file its chargesheet on the roles played by two more accused, N Sunil Reddy and Vijay Raghava. The agency said it would file a supplementary chargesheet. The judge in his order said that the CBI's probe was at an advanced stage and releasing Prasad at this stage could hamper the investigation. The CBI too expressed a similar apprehension while opposing the bail plea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12029940", "title": "Mumbai airport to shut down for five hours today", "text": "MUMBAI: Flight operations at the Mumbai Airport , the second busiest in India, will remain shut for five hours on Saturday for its scheduled expansion.The main runway will remain closed from 1130 hrs to 1630 hrs for setting up Rapid Exit Taxiway Lights to enhance runway efficiency, said a statement by Mumbai International Airport Limited (MIAL).\"As part of the schedule closure (1130 hrs to 1630 hrs), there will be no operations at Chhattrapati Shivaji International Airport,\" it said.The MIAL said the closure is in consultation with aviation regulator DGCA, AAI and airlines and \"there will be no inconvenience caused to the passengers\".The shut down period coincides with usually lean hours for the airport.The MIAL said similar closure is also scheduled for March 3 and March 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12028297", "title": "Students battle for exam seats in crowded centres", "text": "MUMBAI: Candidates for the Class XII board exam are forced to scuttle from one centre to another for want of a bench for a simple reason: the city's colleges, like the city itself , are overcrowded.For the past few years, Mumbai has been sending the largest pool of students to the Class XII exam, but has miserably lagged behind in infrastructure to support an exercise as large as the board exam. Exam supervisors say a college ordinarily meant for 800 students, packs close to 1,000 students for a board exam.However, students appearing for the exam elsewhere in the state do not have to deal with whimsical seat arrangements.This city has among the fewest junior colleges which can qualify as exam centres. Only Latur, which has less than a third, and Nashik, which has only half of Mumbai's student population, trail.Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education's chairman Sarjerao Jadhav acknowledges the problem saying it is compounded by the fact that not all colleges or schools can be allotted as exam centres. \"Only institutes with a minimum capacity of 250 students can be assigned as centres.\"The seating problem is worse in areas like Thane, says former board chairman Vasant Kalpande, where the student population has grown faster than the colleges.Basanti Roy, former secretary of Mumbai Division Board, explains that the seating arrangement is such that only one student can occupy a bench during exams, pushing up the requirement for classrooms by three times. \"There is overcrowding in Mumbai colleges as the student strength is higher. Some junior colleges which have attached schools often opt out of being a centre as it is difficult for them to be centres for both SSC and HSC exams. However, there never has been a major problem with the centres,\" she adds.But exam supervisors allege that the scenario has worsened over time, as authorities grant permission to colleges without much stringent inspection.\"The problem of overcrowding has cropped up in the last two to three years, ever since unaided colleges increased. There is also a staff crunch, forcing some colleges to pack as many students as possible in one class,\" says Anil Deshmukh, vice-president of the Maharashtra State Junior College Teachers ' Association.In other parts of Maharashtra , the scenario is clearly , better. But Dilip Sahastrabuddhe , Latur Division Board chairman, claimed the strength of students in junior colleges across the state was similar. \"In junior colleges attached to the degree colleges, the strength is 120, while in the ones attached to schools, the strength is 80. Also, Mumbai has bigger colleges ,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12025662", "title": "State govt seeks to plug sales tax loopholes", "text": "HYDERABAD: Even as the commercial tax department officials are sweating it out to meet the revenue targets, the government is mulling constituting an expert committee to propose methods to plug the loopholes in the tax collection system in a bid to enhance revenue generation.Experts from the Centre for Economics and Social studies (CESS), who are likely to lead the study, are seeing the need to overhaul the Dispute Resolution Mechanism (DRM) that is apparently choking the inflow of revenue, while it is not all that taxpayer-friendly. \"The revenue collections for the current fiscal year seem to be satisfactory as the targets are being achieved. But, it would yield much better results if the shortcomings in the system are rectified. One of the flawed areas is DRM,\" said N Sridevi, a fellow in CESS.According to her, with rectified DRM, the commercial tax collection can be enhanced by at least 20%. While the commercial tax department could garner a revenue of Rs.30,000 crore during the last fiscal year, it is pegged at around Rs 36,000 crore this fiscal. But, experts in CESS said if the defective DRM system is rectified, the collection could be as much as Rs. 45,000 crore.The CESS experts are understood to have brought this to the government's notice and the authorities have in turn asked them to form a committee to study the issue. The commercial tax department that comes under revenue ministry is now with chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy and officials in the CMO said the CM was keen on implementing reforms.\"If plugging leakages in the revenue flow is one important issue, improving the efficiency of tax collection process is another issue on top of the agenda. We have taken note of the suggestions given by CESS and the proper procedure will be followed,\" said an official.At present, DRM calls for a petition from an aggrieved taxpayer and the petition is heard by an additional commissioner (Legal) in the department, who is the first appellate authority. And the petitioner can appeal to Sales Tax Appellate Tribunal (STAT), headed by a retired judge, that is the next appellate authority against the decision of the first appellate authority and can finally move the high court. The problem, as Sridevi points out, is with the first appellate authority being a department man, as there is a possibility of him conniving with the taxpayer. As a result, the number of stay orders given by the first appellate authority in favour of the taxpayer is on the rise, causing a major revenue loss. She suggests abolishing the post of additional commissioner (Legal) and imparting an autonomous status to STAT.While the trading community and commercial tax officials are in favour of similar kind of reforms, they don't buy Sridevi's argument that revenue leakages were caused because an additional commissioner (Legal) is made the first appellate authority, as his higher ups in the department tend to quash his judgment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "12026240", "title": "Ex-Ajmer jailor gets 5-year jail in bribe case", "text": "AJMER: Former jailor of the Ajmer Central jail was sentenced to five years rigorous imprisonment and Rs 3 lakh fine on Friday after an anti-corruption court Judge Kamal Kumar Bagri found him guilty of accepting a bribe of Rs 5,000.As the jailor, Jagmohan had taken the bribe from a murder convict Mushtaq to allow liquor and chicken inside the prison for criminals. Mushtaq alias Fateh Mohamed complained to Ajmer's anti-corruption bureau. Jagmohan was arrested by the anti-corruption team in 2009.Judge Bagri said, \"Courts send criminals to jail to serve rigorous sentence because of their anti social activities. But rampant corruption in jails give criminals access to all comfort and allow them to operate their criminal activities from inside the jail. If this is not checked and allowed to continue unabated, the society would not be safe even if criminals remain behind bars.\"The court, in its 20-page judgment, passed strictures against the jail administration and convicted Jagmohan under Sections 7 and 13 of the Anti Corruption Act.Additional SP of the anti-corruption bureau S S Nathawat had laid a trap. Jagmohan was caught in his house. Sleuths seized money from his house and car. Fifteen witnesses testified against the jailor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12025084", "title": "Street lighting: CBI court to frame charges against seven", "text": "NEW DELHI: A special CBI court on Friday decided to frame charges against seven persons, including four MCD officials and employees of a private firm, for their alleged roles in the CWG street lighting irregularities. The court has fixed March 1 for the framing of charges.Special CBI judge Pradeep Chaddah said a prima facie case exists against the accused persons. Those facing charges are MCD superintendent engineer D K Sugan, executive engineer O P Mahala, accountant Raju V and the civic body's tender clerk Gurcharan Singh. Others accused are J P Singh and T P Singh of the private firm Sweska Powertech Engineers Pvt Ltd. The agency claims the firm was favoured in the awarding of the contract. However, another accused Mehul Karnik, an employee of Philips India Pvt Ltd, has been discharged.The CBI booked the accused under section 120 B(criminal conspiracy) and section 420 (cheating), forgery under the IPC and various provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act. The agency had alleged in its chargesheet that in view of the 2010 Commonwealth Games, the MCD had decided to upgrade street lighting to international standards. Tenders were invited by the civic agency in 2008 and five companies, including Sweska Powertech applied for them. However, the MCD commissioner approved of only three companies.After opening of the tender and announcing of the rates by Sugan, certain cuttings and interpolations were made in the tender papers of Sweska and the amount quoted by it was increased, said the chargesheet. This led to a wrongful loss of Rs 1,42,83,000 to the government. Terming Sugan - the seniormost official - as the \"kingpin\" of the conspiracy, the agency said tenders were opened in his office on May 14, 20008 and he allowed the fudging of Sweska's tender papers.Gurcharan also neglected his duty to make entries in the register immediately at the opening of the tenders, leaving room for later manipulations. \"Had he noted rates announced by Sugan, it would have become very difficult to change the rates later in the bid document,\" the court said. Co-accused Mahala signed the fudged documents and would not have remained a silent spectator without promise of his share in the booty. Raju, who was supposed to look for overwriting in the tender documents, passed Sweska's bid as clear.Karnik was discharged as the court noted that the firm initially participated in the tender process but did not submit the tender.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12025418", "title": "New York officials share BRT details", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's not just Delhi that is experimenting with the bus rapid transit (BRT) system. New York City's planners are also implementing the BRT, albeit with modifications. And they were here to share their knowledge. A visiting delegation consisting of the commissioner of transport, Janette Sadik-Khan, and the commissioner of planning, Amanda Burden, met the LG, Tejendra Khanna, on Friday to talk about NYC's efforts to streamline its transport system and make its streets pedestrian-friendly. Said a senior government official, \"The presentation on their BRT network was interesting, as their design is different from the model that is being adopted by the Delhi government.\"Whereas the new BRT model here will be an open system, where the dedicated bus lane moves along the road keeping in mind space and traffic constraints, in the BRT system adopted by NYC, it will be confined to one side, said officials. \"The NYC officials were clear that only the metro cannot address the needs of the city. A combination of a network of BRT corridors and cycle corridors are needed to meet transport needs while getting cars off roads,\" added the official.In the presentation, NYC transport commissioner spoke about NYC's decision to opt for a sustainable mobility plan by introduction of the bus transportation system (or the BRT), cycling network, 'pedestrianization' of city streets, and plantation of one million trees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12027610", "title": "Snub shrinks ranks of BSY supporters", "text": "BANGALORE: The BJP central leadership's snub has put former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa on the back foot. As the former CM withdrew into a shell and was not forthcoming on his action plan, anxiety prevailed at his Race Course Road residence on Friday. Only a handful of loyalists visited his residence, otherwise bustling with ministers, legislators and hundreds of workers.Steadfast supporters Shobha Karandlaje, Basavaraj Bommai, Murugesh Nirani, Laxman V Savadi and C C Patil were among the MLAs who showed up. Also seen were newfound friend Jagadish Shettar and two other MLAs supporting him. One surprise visitor was Aravind Limbavalli, who was forced to resign as minister during Yeddyurappa's tenure.Sources said Yeddyurappa might plan to shift his MLAs to Goa to bargain for power. But there were hardly 20 with him late Friday.Times ViewIf the BJP is serious about winning a second term in office, it should allow its chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda to work. Gowda is spending more time these days dousing fires kindled by political rivals within the party rather than setting priorities and deliverables for ministers and bureaucrats. With BJP president Nitin Gadkari sternly asking unhappy persons within the party to leave now rather than later, the message should be clear to B S Yeddyurappa. With this, the chief minister will hopefully get on with the more serious job of governance, sending a clear message to dissidents that he means business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12025527", "title": "They shame and bully but take no responsibility", "text": "NEW DELHI: The insensitive treatment of Jeeja Ghosh and Anjlee Agarwal by airlines in two separate incidents within a week has raised many questions about the accessibility of air transport to people with disabilities. However, many such cases go unreported.Disability rights activist Nilesh Singit recounts how, a few months ago, a SpiceJet captain told him he could not travel with his crutches. After a lot of noise, Singit got his way but he says he faces problems every time he flies. \"I've been asked to sign indemnity bonds and even remove my knee braces for full inspection during security checks. Although removing them is not a problem, it takes about 25 minutes for me to wear them again.\"Shivani Gupta, a consultant at AccessAbility, was asked to sign an indemnity bond absolving the airline and its employees of her responsibility on a flight to Delhi just last month. Wheelchair-bound since a spinal cord injury in 1992, Gupta finds it difficult to even access toilets at airports. \"The wheelchairs they provide are lousy, and you cannot maneuver them yourself since they have small wheels. Even the armrest isn't detachable, so it is difficult to use the washroom independently,\" she says.For every reported case, 10-15 go unreported, says Javed Abidi of National Centre for Promotion of Employment for Disabled People. \"There is no improvement despite the airlines regulator DGCA's guidelines. Airlines regularly violate norms, and I refuse to believe that the ministry and DGCA are unaware of it,\" he says. Citing the rule regarding provision of ambulifts at airports, Abidi says, \"Airlines are not ready to pay the amount that Airports Authority of India asks for giving out ambulifts\". People with disability are bodily lifted into and out of aircraft by untrained staff, he says. \"I once fell down when one staff member failed to hold on to me.\"G Syamala, executive director, Action for Ability Development Inclusion, says it all comes down to lack of implementation of guidelines. \"There are guidelines, but no time or money has been allocated to implementing them. Every person in the aviation sector needs to be sensitised,\" she says.Abidi, who has also been made to get off his wheelchair during security checks, says he is in the process of documenting both reported and unreported cases. He says, \"People in our community should demand some measures, whether by taking to the streets or going to court\". Gupta says, for complete transparency every airline should publish its policy on handing disabled people on its website.\"Different people with disability have different requirements, but the government hasn't recognized that yet. Guidelines only cater to mobility issues, and disabilities that are not easily visible, like autism and hearing damage, are overlooked,\" says Rahul Cherian of Inclusive Planet Center for Disability Law and Policy.He is part of a team that is drafting a note for the ministry of civil aviation on behalf of the disabled, for the disability section in the new civil aviation policy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12026646", "title": "Rajesh Talwar wrongly projecting himself as victim: CBI", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI has strongly opposed city dentist Rajesh Talwar's plea to shift his trial in the Aarushi-Hemraj double murder case from Ghaziabad to Delhi, calling it a trick to garner public sympathy and to delay the trial. \"The petitioner has been wrongly projecting himself as a victim of the crime instead of (being) the accused to avoid the law to take its own course and to reach a logical conclusion,\" the CBI said in its affidavit filed on Thursday opposing the transfer plea. It said most witnesses in the case were from Noida and transfer of trial to Delhi would entail unnecessary travel for them.Talwar had moved the SC seeking shifting of the trial from Ghaziabad to Delhi on the ground that he feared for his safety in the Ghaziabad court. He had also said that trial proceedings in Delhi would be proper as most witnesses were from the Capital.In a strongly-worded response, CBI dubbed the plea as a ploy by the dentist to derail his trial in the sensational double murder case. \"The petitioner, since the beginning, is adopting delaying tactics to thwart the trial and that is why the petitioner raised the merits of the case. All the proceedings, as well as the earlier proceedings in the present matter, are delaying tactics in order to frustrate the trial, divert the attention of the court to non-issues as well as undermine the judicial system of the country and the premier investigating agency,\" the agency said.The agency also said the dentist wanted to avoid trial in UP because the state has no anticipatory bail provision under the Criminal Procedure Code.\"It is submitted that the provisions of Section 438 of CrPC is completely omitted in the state of UP with effect from November 28, 1975. As such, persons committing non-bailable offences are not entitled to seek anticipatory bail in view of the deletion of Section 438 in UP and the petitioner has filed the present petition to transfer his case in Delhi where provision of Section 438 is in existence,\" it said.The CBI said the security ground cited by Talwar was untenable as he had continued to appear in the Ghaziabad court after being attacked by a psychologically disturbed Utsav Sharma who had also attacked DGP S P S Rathore. The agency said the Ghaziabad sessions judge had reviewed the security system in the court premises after the attack on Talwar on January 25 last year and sufficient security personnel had been deployed to ensure no untoward incident took place.\"The petitioner has never applied for providing security to him for appearing in Ghaziabad court. On the other hand, on every relevant date, the CBI has requested and arranged for security of the court premises as well as personal security of the petitioner through SSP, Ghaziabad,\" it said.The CBI said the petitioner had shifted from Noida to Delhi in 2008 immediately after the double murder and the shifting was \"not at all connected to any fear in their mind arising out of any incident in Ghaziabad court\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12026733", "title": "Band 'cheating' Brett Lee booked", "text": "MUMBAI: M Majors may face legal trouble with the MRA Marg police on Thursday registering a case of cheating and forgery against the rock band, which is accused of cheating Australian cricketer Brett Lee of Rs 10 lakh, which it allegedly did not pay him for his performance at a concert in a Malad mall in May last year. But the band had earlier protested its innocence.The case was registered following a trail court order.The complaint was lodged by Sameer Phadnis of Next Level Media Communications who has been given the power of attorney by Lee to handle his legal matters in India. \"Our firm represents Lee in India. Last April, the band asked us to get Brett Lee to perform with them. He was promised Rs 10 lakh out of which half the amount was to be wired to his account a day prior to the concert,\" said Phadnis. The band comprises Ameya Naik, Arundathi Deshmukh and Vignesh Vishwanathan.Phadnis claims the band used a fake account to make the payment and even furnished fake documents. He added that once the performance was over, the band refused to entertain their calls about the payment. \"We approached the MRA Marg police last July but they refused to take down an FIR. We then moved court and have finally gotten some relief. The police should proceed swiftly with the investigations,\" he said.Senior inspector of MRA Marg police station P Juikar told TOI that they would conduct a probe. \"We will take a decision only after approaching all parties concerned. This is a compoundable matter and a civil settlement is possible,\" he said.The band could not be contacted for comment.We are being made a scapegoat. We were roped in by an event management company and should have been paid for this. We were not supposed to pay anyoneAmeya Naik | Band member said in a previous interview", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12028231", "title": "Cops stumped as elderly ask them to recruit help", "text": "MUMBAI: When the Mumbai police launched its initiative 'society cop' , the aim was to improve security conditions for senior citizens living alone by assigning constables to visit them and ensuring that the elderly register details of hired help with their local police station. But instead, cops are facing a Catch-22 situation of sorts. Fearing a backlash, many domestic help have quit their jobs without notice, leaving senior citizens in the lurch. The elderly are now turning to the men in khaki to provide them with new hired help and also enlisting them to do household chores.A society cop at Oshiwara said, \"One senior citizen told me that his servant left because of me so I should work in his house or arrange for someone else to help for him. It's not our job to suggest replacements . Besides, we will be held responsible if something goes wrong.\"The society cop drive was started in the west zone because of the growing elderly population in the western suburbs. \"Hundreds of servants in the Bandra to Oshiwara belt left their jobs because they did not want to share their details with the police. We assumed that maintaining the records of servants employed by senior citizens would be a deterrent to crime against the elderly,\" said another police official.While local neighbourhood police personnel do their best to accommodate the elderly, especially those who live alone, they are at the receiving end of citizens' anger. \"They blame us for their hired disappearing, and talk to us rudely for not helping them arrange for another servant, but our hands are tied,\" said police constable Dilip Patil adding that after their initial bout of anger, they invariably apologise for the behaviour . Nevertheless, he acknowledged that it's becoming increasingly difficult for senior citizens to find help. \"Most people don't want to work for the elderly, because if there is a crime, the servant invariably becomes the prime suspect, even when he or she is proven innocent at a later stage of the investigation,\" said a police inspector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12026090", "title": "District administration to get tough on school buses", "text": "BHOPAL: The district administration is gearing up to crackdown on all school buses in view of accidents of school bus in the city in the recent past.Commissioner Praveen Garg said, \"An action plan is being chalked out so all school buses comply with the Supreme Court guidelines. We want to make sure that all the buses of educational institutes plying in the city adhere to the norms laid down by the Supreme Court.\"The inspection and evaluation of the school buses would start tentatively from March 23. It would be done for three days till March 25.This drive would be jointly conducted by the Transport department and the School Education department. There are more than 8,000 school and college buses.Ahead of this, a training programme would be held among authorities concerned with the inspection of school buses on March 20.College buses plying in the city would also come under the purview of the inspection even though the guidelines are meant for school buses only, sources in the state transport department said.The inspection and evaluation process of school buses would be carried out on three days in five places in the city, sources said, adding, these places have been selected in such a manner that the educational institutions around these could be clubbed together.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12026571", "title": "Nitin Gadkari rules out Yeddyurappa's return as Karnataka CM", "text": "BANGALORE: BJP president Nitin Gadkari ruled out ousted Karnataka chief minister B S Yeddyurappa's return to the top post despite the leader's pressure tactics, but his camp's discontent made it clear that the government will continue to be hobbled by severe dissidence.Yeddyurappa, who had to go after being named by the Lokayukta in cases of alleged graft, had signalled his determination to pressure the BJP high command a few days ago when he told his supporters that they could anticipate some \"good news\".Frustrated by his political exile and unhappy with his replacement Sadanand Gowda who did not prove as receptive to his concerns as Yeddyurappa hoped, the powerful Lingayat leader made another effort to argue that he should be rehabilitated as CM.Gadkari said that while Yeddyurappa was a popular leader with a wide following, he could not be considered as a CM candidate until the courts exonerated him. \"I too don't think the Lokayukta cases are correct. But there is an indictment and his name must be cleared by the courts,\" he said.The BJP chief was more blunt at the party's chintan-manthan (discussion meeting), cut short to just a day, saying, \"BJP is a cadre-based party, not anyone's property. Those who are planning to leave the party tomorrow can do so today itself. We know how to build the party.\"The snub will not go down well with the headstrong leader, but Yeddyurappa may not have many options as any move to destabilize the government is likely to result in central rule and this may not suit the former CM as the governor is unlikely to be sympathetic to his legal troubles. In fact, Yeddyurappa may be vulnerable to action on other allegations levelled against him.The BJP high command is aware that Yeddyurappa has a strong following among the populous Lingayats and he has a role to play in the party's fortunes. In fact, this calculus had prevented the party from sacking him until the Lokayukta report.But having made common cause with Gandhian leader Anna Hazare's anti-corruption agitation and having sought to gain mileage from Congress's \"scams\" like 2G and Commonwealth Games , the cost of bowing to Yeddyurappa's demands is too high. BJP will not be able to live it down.The declaration came a couple of hours after Gadkari is believed to have told Yeddyurappa at a one-on-one meeting that he should not nurse any comeback ambitions till he is cleared in corruption cases. The former CM had hoped to be back in the saddle in six months and it is now more than that since he quit under duress.Yeddyurappa had on Thursday issued an ultimatum to the party that if he is not reinstated as chief minister, he would decide his action plan on February 27, his 69th birthday. The hint is obvious: the leader has toyed with the idea of a regional party, but this is seen more as a pressure tactic rather and serious intent.Gadkari told the media that the Sadananda Gowda government was continuing the good work of its predecessor. An old RSS hand, Gowda is seen as a leader not too willing to accommodate Yeddyurappa beyond a point. \"Our next aim is to ensure we retain the Udupi-Chikmagalur Lok Sabha seat in the bypoll,\" Gadkari said.The BJP leadership also thwarted plans of Yeddyurappa's followers to embarrass the party by boycotting the baithak after Gadkari's address by cutting short the two-day event into a three-hour affair.Gadkari plunged into parleys from the minute he arrived in Bangalore late on Thursday night. BJP leaders Eshwarappa and Gowda met Gadkari, briefing him about the state of affairs in the party. The BJP chief is said to have assured the duo that he would set the record straight. Eshwarappa and Gowda told Gadkari that they would abide by whatever decisions the leadership made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12028024", "title": "HC admits appeal against Mahanand acquittal", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa admitted an appeal filed by the state government against the acquittal of serial killer Mahanand Naik by a Margao court in the Nirmala Amonkar murder case.A division bench comprising chief justice Mohit S Shah and justice F M Reis passed the order. The state had approached the high court challenging the judgment passed by suspended additional district and sessions court judge Desmond D'Costa acquitting Mahanand in the murder case on March 30, 2010.The bench has directed that the appeal shall be taken up for hearing within eight weeks. On July 11, 2011, the high court had condoned a delay of 370 days in filing the leave to appeal, while directing police inspector (PI) Jivba Dalvi to pay costs of Rs 2,500 for causing the delay.Naik was acquitted by the trial court for lack of evidence. The Verna police had registered offences against the accused under Section 302 and Section 201 of the IPC. The trial court had also observed that the prosecution had failed to establish that the body discovered by the police at Verna plateau was that of Amolkar as no DNA test was conducted on the decomposed body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12026808", "title": "Lokayukta notice to UP minister's son", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh Lokayukta Justice N K Mehrotra has issued a notice to CM Mayawati aide and minister Naseemuddin Siddiqui's son, Afzal, seeking information and documents pertaining to his business ventures in Amroha besides details about his source of income.The notice comes days after Justice Mehrotra recommended a CBI probe against Naseemuddin after pronouncing him and his kin guilty of laundering money and buying heavily undervalued property across the state. Lokayukta office sources said Afzal owns a modern slaughter house built over 4,289 hectare of land in Jyotiba Phule Nagar. They said investigations have revealed that Afzal had bought only a part of the land - 2,827 hectare. Complainant Ashish Sagar Dixit has alleged that the additional land on which the factory stands was illegally and forcefully occupied.A district magistrate report also confirmed that the land that Frozen Foods Private Limited occupies was in excess to what Afzal had purchased.The notice was issued after Justice Mehrotra took cognizance of evidence on record, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "muzaffarnagar", "code": "12027311", "title": "Maya rubbishes rivals claims, says law &amp; order improved in BSP's rule", "text": "MUZAFFARNAGAR: Refuting the allegations of rival parties that law and order in the Bahujan Samaj Party government had been the worst, BSP supremo and chief minister Mayawati said that maintenance of law and order has been the biggest achievement of her government. \"People have not forgotten the strict measures taken by the UP government to maintain law and order in the entire UP when Allahabad High Court delivered its verdict in the Ram Janmabhoomi/ Babri Masjid dispute,\" Maya said, while addressing an election rally on Friday.The BSP chief lashed out at the opposition parties for misleading the people that no the development was undertaken by the BSP government. She alleged that scared of the popularity of her government, the opposition had launched a disinformation campaign against the BSP government to discredit its achievements. She has asked the people of western UP to remain alert of their false propaganda.Blaming the Congress-led UPA government for being insensitive to the problems of the people of western UP, the BSP supremo said that many a time she had requested the Centre to sanction funds for the schemes started by her government for the development of western UP, but the former did not even care to reply to the requests not to talk of extending financial assistance.Addressing another election meeting in Ghaziabad on Friday, the Uttar Pradesh chief minister sought to puncture Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi's claim that central assistance was being misused by the Uttar Pradesh government, and hit back at the Congress saying that various projects were lying incomplete due to absence of the funds.Taking a dig at Rahul Gandhi, Mayawati said, \"Staying one or two nights in the huts of Dalits is not enough to understand the need for development, where he had meals from outside. I challenge Congress to make a separate reservation for Muslims instead of cutting out shares from others. Congress talks about eradicating corruption, while its leaders are the most corrupt.\"Hitting at the main opposition party in the state, she alleged that if Samajwadi Party returns to power, the state would be in the hands of 'goons and criminals' who would loot the public. She also justified the parks and statues in Noida and Lucknow and said that Congress, BJP and SP have no business criticising them.She also said that people have lost faith in BJP due to its 'communal image' and politics of 'mandir and masjid'. \"I kicked out all the corrupt leaders and even ministers from my party, and no corrupt person has been fielded in election this time,\" said the BSP chief.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12028080", "title": "Country-made guns find their way into state", "text": "At the dawn of Thursday, amid the soiled and blood-soaked clothes of five suspected bank robbers, were four pistols. The guns looked imported, machine-made weapons. But to the discerning eyes of a 'been there, done that' police officer or a firearms expert, they were country-made or improvised guns knocked together by a gunsmith.\"Screws were visible in the pistols found at the crime scene, one on the handle, one above the trigger and another on the slide pin. This is not the case with machine-made firearms. In one of the guns, a bullet got jammed while firing. This happens only in crude pistols,\" said an expert.Because there are no gunmanufacturing units in Tamil Nadu, police suspect firearms are being smuggled from northern states, especially Bihar. Reports that four of the five killed are from Bihar adds to the suspicion.Gun manufacturing is a cottage industry in pockets of Bihar (Mangur) and Uttar Pradesh (Moradabad). The firearms are made in small sweatshops, and anyone with a smattering of knowledge of the process can set up such units. \"For 5,000, you can buy a pistol that looks like an imported one, for 10,000, one that fires well, too. They also sell single-shot guns called 'katta',\" said the expert.\"Since the licensing procedure is not stringent in some of the north Indian states, guns are easily available to people there,\" he said. Such is the prevalence of guns in Delhi and Noida that some restaurant and pub managements have put up warnings at the entrance that say 'Guns not allowed inside'.Such crude guns can slip into Tamil Nadu. \"Thousands of labourers from Bihar and other northern states come to the state in search of jobs. Among them, there could be fugitives too. They bring firearms into the state and sell it to goons here when they need money,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12027500", "title": "Uncertainty over exam schedule", "text": "LUCKNOW: March is barely a week away, but there are absolutely no talks about the examinations in Lucknow University. No dates have been announced for filling up the examination forms, and no informal announcements regarding the near possible examination schedule has been done. Moreover, the results for both post-graduate semester examinations and back paper/improvement examinations are due.Irked with the constant delay, students and senior university professors allege that lethargy and inertia rule the university now. \"The work in the university has been paralysed since days. Even if the employees have call off the stir, it will take a minimum of 20-25 days to get things sorted out. Going with this, the exams have already been delayed,\" said a senior professor.What is horrifying is the threat of session derailment, which is again not new to the university. Putting into simple words, educationist, Mohd Muzammil said, \"It's the lack of commitment on everybody's part, who is involved in conducting the examinations,\" adding that the situation always leaves students at receiving end. \"Delay in examinations not only results in session derailment, but also spoil the prospects of students wanting to go to other places for higher studies,\" said Shristi Kapoor, an undergraduate student. Another student Rakesh Kumar said, \"The indifferences between the employees and university administration is taking its toll. Even if there is no strike, the university has never conducted examinations on time. Their lax attitude is responsible for the mess.\"Admitting that the employees strike has worsened things, university spokesperson, Prof Rajesh Mishra said, \"Now that the strike has come to an end, we will evaluate the work and start the preparations so that exams can be conducted well on time.\"However, sources, in the examination department clearly hint that in any case, the examinations will not be able to begin before March 25, and might be extended till April. To recall, LU academic session was regularised in 2001 after a gap of 25 years. Students term the behaviour of administration as irresponsible and callous.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12027829", "title": "NRI store-owner killed in US", "text": "NEW YORK: An Indian-origin grocery store owner was shot dead in the US city of Atlanta in what appeared to be a robbery attempt, leaving his neighbours aghast.Suhrid Das, 48, who was popular in the neighbourhood, was shot on Wednesday night after being confronted by an assailant when he was closing down his store.A break-in and robbery at another house in the same building just eight hours later led to suspicions that a robbery might be a cause of the killing, WSB Atlanta TV reported. Banna Grocery was one of four businesses in the two-story brick building in the Atlanta neighbourhood, and the people residing in the building described Das as a good-natured man. Police found the store owner down from a gunshot wound to the abdomen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12027542", "title": "Panel to decide on GTA petitions on March 16", "text": "KOLKATA: The nine-member panel set up to examine the inclusion of areas in Terai, Dooars and also Siliguri under the new Gorkha Territorial Administration (GTA) will decide on the submission of its recommendations in its meeting on March 16.\"We have received two main petitions from Roshan Giri and L B Pariyar over inclusion of 398 mouzas under the GTA. There is another petition from John Barla, who initially submitted a petition opposing the inclusion but wants to revise his petition in its favour. These apart, there are petitions against the inclusion,\" committee chairperson Justice Shyamal Sen said after the hearing on Friday. Gorkha Janmukti Morcha general secretary Giri and leader Pariyar came down to Kolkata to attend the hearing along with Barla.Justice Sen clarified that the petitions will be examined based on the parameters set out in the GTA agreement. \"These parameters include contiguity of the areas, their compactness, homogeneity of the resident population and ground-level realities among other factors. The number of petitions won't be the determining factor,\" the chairperson said.The committee has a tough task cut out for it. With four representatives from the state government, one from the Centre, and another four from the GJM, the committee has to take a balanced view over the geographical boundary of the GTA. This is significant in the backdrop of the GJM announcement that the outfit will go on the warpath in case the GTA Bill fails to get the President's assent by March 27.However, the GJM general secretary welcomed Mamata Banerjee's initiative to raise the issue in her recent meeting with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . \"We hope the GTA Bill will get the President's nod when the CM visits Darjeeling on February 29,\" Giri said. The GJM has been demanding the formation of the GTA because central funds will start flowing to the area only after the GTA comes into force.Mukunda Majumdar of Bangal-O-Bangla Bhasa Bachao Committee criticized the attempt to divide Bengal and opposed inclusion of mouzas in GTA. He said, \"Majority of the Nepali-speaking people in Terrai and Dooars are foreigners.\" The GJM general secretary promptly refuted the charge. \"How can those who are guarding the borders of India be foreigners?\" Giri asked.John Barla who had been recently expelled from Akhil Bharatiya Adivasi Vikash Parshad also appeared before the committee. He said that though he was opposed to the concept of Gorkhaland, but he was in favour of addition of mouzas to GTA. However, another adivasi leader from the Dooars Rajesh Lakhra warned against handing over of a single mouza to the proposed GTA.CPI and CPM leaders stayed away from the Friday hearing because they had already submitted their petitions to the chairperson. Later, CPM leader Shyamal Chakrabarty told the media that his party was opposed to the inclusion of the new mouzas in the GTA. Even RSP and Forward Bloc leaders who appeared before the committee objected inclusion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12025683", "title": "CBI raids three WCL officers' homes", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Anti corruption wing of CBI carried out surprise raids on the offices of three top officials of WCL Ballarpur area on Friday. Four teams of CBI officers and staffer took part in the raid and inspected various documents at offices and residences of the WCL officers.Sources informed that CBI teams raided the offices and residences of CGM, Ballarpur area, Anand Azami, Sasti sub-area manager John Warki and Dhoptala sub-area manager Sahu simultaneously in the morning. A total of 20 officers and staffers of CBI raided at eight places including offices and residences of these officers at Ballarpur, Sasti and Rajura.Raids were reportedly also carried on the residences of Azami and Warki in Nagpur. But the details of recovery and seizure by the CBI teams could not be learnt. Search and inspection operation were still underway till filing of this report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12027477", "title": "Court: Have a plan for Hampi\u2019s petty vendors", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka High Court on Friday asked the authorities to submit a plan with regard to what they propose to do at the World Heritage site, keeping in mind the livelihood of those who have set up small shops there.The division bench headed by the Chief Justice recorded the statement made on behalf of 314 residents of the area near Virupaksha temple, that they have no qualms with regard to shifting their residence and settling at Kaddiramapura, 5km away, which the authorities have identified for their rehabilitation. These residents, who claim to have small stalls selling puja items and souvenirs, are not amenable to shifting their business.During the hearing, the court was informed that local MLA Anand Singh had suggested shifting these people to either Prakashnagar or Singanathahalli areas. However, the government advocate said there is no government land available in these areas and any accommodation within the 41.8 sqkm heritage area has to get Unesco approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12030522", "title": "Daboo Malik set to stage a comeback", "text": "It's been long time that music composer Daboo Malik has not composed for any film. Ask him about this and he says, \"Yes, I am trying to be a bit low profiled.I remember my last composition was for Sohail Khan's Kisaan in 2009. The years 2005 and '06 were crucial for me as I lost my dad, due to which I lost my interest in composing music and my career started declining. Thus my focus went out completely and I became slow. But now I am back and you will soon see me composing in the upcoming flick Raqt.\" The composer who's also looking out for some challenging work adds, \"I have to break new ground, so I am choosing my films very objectively and my upcoming film is a thriller with all new comers.It's a life time opportunity for me and thus you'll see some very romantic songs sung by Shaan and Sunidhi Chauhan. It's going to be a good amalgamation of all that I had missed out.\" Quiz him about composing and item songs which are in the trend these days and he says, \"I don't have that kind of a song in my upcoming film but yes, there's a track with international dancers dancing on it. It's gonna be a good and more of a modern song. It's all original and you have to hear it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12025949", "title": "NIT's Rs 381.44cr budget to increase green cover, develop areas", "text": "NAGPUR: Presenting a realistic budget, Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) chairman Praveen Darade has scaled down the budget for 2012-13 to Rs 381.44 crore from Rs 425.08 crore for financial year 2011-12. He has also vowed to increase green cover by planting a lakh saplings and also develop unauthorized layouts and gardens to mark the 75TH anniversary of NIT.Darade said the budget of 2011-12 has been revised to Rs 221.93 crore. \"Revenue in nine months of current fiscal was Rs 152 crore. The expected Rs 227 crore from the state and central government is awaited till date. Therefore, the budget has been decreased, making it factual. I have not included the expected funds from the government. The budget will be revised only after obtaining the funds. I wanted a factual budget to undertake developmental works at ground level. Funds of Rs 50 crore from the state government is expected in coming days from the pending stamp duty amount of Rs 150 crore. It will boost NIT's coffers and pave way for developmental works,\" he said.In 2011-12, then chairman Sanjay Mukherjee had presented a budget of Rs 425.08 crore as against Rs 241 crore budget in 2010-11.The meeting of board of trustees was held on Friday to discuss and approve the revised budget in the presence of new trustee collector Saurabh Rao. As NIT has become special planning authority of metro region, the government has appointed collector as trustee and increased the number of board members from seven to eight. The other trustees; municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal, Sudhakar Kohle, Dinanath Padole, Anant Gharad, AC Munje, and Kishor Kanhere were also present.Reacting to the budget, Kolhe said the funds for unauthorized layouts have been reduced to a great extent. \"NIT's main motive is to develop unauthorized layouts. Instead, NIT is working as platform for developers. Besides, I along with few trustees have demanded scrapping of the contract of Krazy Kastle for collecting high fees and running commercial activities. A notice has been served to the operator to be present in front of the board. Besides, issues of Zero Mile, compost depot etc were raised in the meeting,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12026938", "title": "Ward no 500 set up in Srirangam hospital", "text": "TRICHY: A special ward for treating 58 different diseases was inaugurated at the Srirangam government hospital in the chief minister's constituency to mark her 64th birthday celebrations on Friday. The special ward will provide treatment to persons, under the Tamil Nadu government improved medical insurance scheme.The ward, which has been specially numbered as 500, is claimed to be the first one equipped with facilities on par with private hospitals. It was inaugurated by Dr S Raja, the state director of medical services and rural health in the presence of the district collector Jayashree Muralidharan. The special ward would function at the existing male surgical ward that has now been shifted to a different place.Dr T Mohanasundaram, the joint director of medical services and rural health, Trichy said that the 32-bed, fully air-conditioned ward would have different sections for both the sexes and buzzers for the patients to call the nurses. It would have cubicles to offer patients more privacy and round-the-clock oxygen supply.As per the government order, 1,016 diseases are identified to be treated under the medical insurance scheme, but 58 of the diseases should only be treated in the special wards of the government hospitals. An operation theatre is being upgraded with the latest technology and it would become functional in a couple of days. A similar ward would be set up in Manapparai too, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12026323", "title": "Antony orders probe into reports of corruption in chopper deal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Defence minister A K Antony on Friday asked his ministry officials to look into Italian media reports alleging corrupt and unethical practices by armament major Finmeccanica, a subsidiary of which is contracted to supply 12 VVIP helicopters to India, as a measure of abundant caution.India in February 2010 had inked a Rs 3,546.17 crore deal to acquire the 12 three-engine AW-101 helicopters from AgustaWestland, a unit of Italian major Finmeccanica, for IAF's elite Communication Squadron, which ferries around the President, PM and other VVIPs. The helicopter deliveries to IAF are to begun in October-November.\"Antony has asked defence secretary Shashi Kant Sharma to probe if there was any malpractice involved in our VVIP helicopter procurement. As per media reports, the Italian attorney general's office is probing the dealings by Finmeccanica since last year,'' said an official.As per the media reports, \"slush money'' allegedly generated by Finmeccanica through arms contracts was used to bribe Italian political parties. The Indian VVIP helicopter deal has also come in for some mention in the reports.The helicopter contract had generated some controversy here also. The AW-101 helicopters were pitted against the American Sikorsky's S-92 Superhawks during extensive field trials held in 2008, which the US firm later claimed were unfairly biased against itThen, despite initial objections from the finance ministry, the Cabinet Committee on Security (CCS) had cleared the deal in 2010. Antony had then said, \"IAF and SPG repeatedly told us the helicopters were required because of the changing security scenario... the finance ministry also agreed later. The CCS then took a considered decision.''The AW-101 helicopters are supposed to have self-defence systems like missile-approach warners, chaff and flare dispensers and directed infra-red electronic counter-measures to protect the VVIPs on board. One particular SPG requirement was that the helicopters have 'a high tail boom' since it would allow VVIP cars to come right next to the rear exit staircase and not 'expose' the protected persons to a threat from anyone in the vicinity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "lucknow/banda", "code": "12027715", "title": "Kushwaha to perform \u2018kanyadan\u2019 for 75 girls", "text": "LUCKNOW/BANDA: The mandi premises in Atarra taluk, around 40 kilometres southeast of Banda, is all set to witness 75 couples tying the nuptial knot on Sunday during a mass marriage function. Thousands of invitations have already been sent for the occasion, which is being organised by a man who has been in the headlines for all the wrong reasons: sacked UP minister Babu Singh Kushwaha .The former close aide of BSP supremo Mayawati and one of the accused in multicrore NHRM scam, Kushwaha , will, in fact, perform 'kanyadaan'. The grooms and the brides to be are all Kushwahas. \"We have been waiting for the occasion,\" said Suresh Kushwaha, whose brother Rajendra, a safai-karamchari at Masauni Gram panchayat near Kalinjar block is getting married on the day.\"It is all because of Babu Singh Kushwaha. We are thankful to him,\" Suresh said.Locals say that expelled BSP leader has reportedly agreed to bear the logistics cost incurred for 100 members of each family. That makes for around 15,000 people who will be 'guests' of Babu Singh Kushwaha. He along with his advocate brother Shiv Charan Kushwaha , who now works at 'Tathagat Gyansthali' a massive intermediate college, will manage the function. The college is owned by Babu Singh Kushwaha.The philanthropic mode of the tainted former BSP leader, who after being expelled from the BSP joined BJP, only to resign following protest within the BJP ranks, could have a significant political bearing in the whole Bundelkhand region, which has a sizable population of Kushwahas.The function, though, is being organised post polls, the registration of grooms and brides were done by a Kushwaha-committee in Banda, in January itself. Suresh confirmed that the registration of his brother was done on January 31.\"The message has since then been sent across the Bundelkhand region. People are coming not only from Banda, but also from other districts like Mahoba, Hamirpur , Lalitpur etc,\" said a local. This could be a decisive gesture from a leader, who appeared to have lost his influence over his clan after being accused in a multi-crore NRHM scam.And now, he might have potentially aligned the community votes in favour of one party. \"Seventy five couples mean 150 families and their relatives,\" said a local who has been invited to the wedding.On Friday, Babu Singh Kushwaha was in Meerut to address a public rally from the platform of Lok Janshakti Party (which has now merged with the BJP). While Kushwaha could not be contacted , his close aide IP Kushwaha , while speaking to TOI said, \"Babu Singh ji is busy campaigning for the BJP on the issue of reservation of OBCs. He may reach Banda on Sunday to attend the function.\"The function has been organised in Atarra, which falls under Naraini assembly constituency , the lone BSP seat in the district in 2007 assembly elections, which was won by Purshottam Naresh Dwivedi. A reserved constituency, this time, BSP fielded Gayacharan Dinkar.On the other hand, BJP fielded Rajkaran Kabir, a Kori , by caste. This is for the first time that BJP fielded a Kori from the constituency. Whether Kabir gets Kushwaha votes as well will be decided on March 6. Till then its party time, at least in Atarra.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12025906", "title": "Historians say treasure claims unfounded", "text": "HYDERABAD: The treasure hunt which is on at Saifabad in the heart of the city may not ultimately yield any results, or so indicates the history of the four-acre plot on which stands Vidyaranya School.Historians in the city say that the Wanaparthy family, which has owned the plot for the last eight decades, never treated it as its sole ancestral property. The roots of the Samasthana or the autonomous princely state, are in Mahbubnagar district and that is where the family's riches were stored. Till 1946, Hyderabad acted as only an administrative office for them.Moreover, there are other properties owned and maintained by the family in Hyderabad which were bigger than the estate in Saifabad. Mahabhoopal Manzil in Jambagh was one such property. Historians said that since the Samasthana rulers were almost always at loggerheads with the Nizam, they would never have brought their treasure to the latter's territory. Indeed, historians said that Wanaparthy Samasthana had rulers who were imprisoned by the Nizam as rebels.The Samasthanas were autonomous, Hindu princely-states which were a constant threat to the Nizam's rule. There were 14 such Samasthanas in Telangana districts of which Wanaparthy was the second largest, largest being the Gadwal Samasthana. \"The Samasthanas were never under the control of the Nizam. He saw them as a threat and closely monitored them. Under such circumstances, there is no possibility of them having brought their jewels and gold into Hyderabad\" commented a historian.Historian Narendra Luther said that only two families have occupied that plot over the last century and it was unlikely that either of them would have concealed any treasure there. Luther said that the plot was bought by Rameswara Rao-III from the prominent Parsi family of Faridoonji, prime minister to the Nizam.\"Also, Naubat Pahad has rocks that are over 2,000 years old. It is hard to see why someone would have tried to store their valuables at the foot of this hill by disturbing its foundation,\" Luther said.Neither is there any mention of a treasure in their house's legends, family members said. \"I lived in the house, which belonged to my maternal cousin Rameswar Rao in 1940s. We never heard of any treasure.\"Us cousins used to play at the foot of the hill and would also often climb it, but we never noticed any cavity or opening,\" said Sunandan Reddy, a former Indian Air Force officer and cousin of Rameswar Rao III.Meanwhile, NMDC sources said that they are yet to locate the mouth of the tunnel and would continue looking for it over the coming two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12030526", "title": "Russia backs PM's remarks on Kudankulam project", "text": "NEW DELHI: Russia's ambassador to India Alexander Kadakin has said that his country's stand on American non- government agencies (NGOs') stalling the Kudankulam nuclear project in Tamil Nadu has been vindicated by a statement made by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh during an interview with a science magazine on Thursday.\"We have been suspecting it all along, and, I was openly saying this, because it was very strange. Six months after the Fukushima tragedy, all those protesters raise their voices. They were sleeping for six months, and then, all of sudden, they raise their voices against the most secure, the best and the safest (nuclear power) station in the world,\" said Kadakin in an interview.\"We were perplexed, but now we stand vindicated,\" Kadkin added.On Thursday, speaking to the Science journal, Prime Minister Singh said: \"The atomic energy programme has got into difficulties because these NGOs, mostly, I think, based in the US, don't appreciate the need for our country to increase energy.\"The minister in charge of the Prime Minister's Office, V.Narayanasamy, told on Friday that the union home ministry is investigating the background and funding of these NGOs, and added that the government had received reports that these organisations were being funded by outfits from the United States and some Scandinavian countries.Manmohan Singh's remarks have sparked off a political row, with the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) asking him to reveal the details of US NGOs' involvement in public.Without directly naming the United States, Kadakin said some strategic friends of India who were not doing anything for its energy sector, don't like the idea of India becoming strong, and therefore, are stalling the Kudankulam project through proxies.Kadakin further claimed that some strategic powers wanted to hamper Indo-Russian cooperation in peaceful nuclear energy, and emphasized that Russia wants India to be strong and the people of Tamil Nadu to get electricity.Russia has expressed hope that it would like India to go ahead with its nuclear energy roadmap.\"The Prime Minister's statement and the home ministry's findings would unlock the situation at Kudankulam,\" Kadakin said.(With inputs from IANS)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12027590", "title": "'Ignored' Cong minister slams government", "text": "KOLKATA: Barely 48 hours after chief minister Mamata Banerjee posed for happy pictures with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in Delhi, cracks seem to have reappeared in the newfound bonhomie between the Trinamool Congress and the Congress. This time, the tiff is with minister of state for labour Sabina Yasmin, who said she is \"not being allowed to work\" and is one of those \"grossly neglected\" Congress ministers in the Mamata Cabinet.Tension crept into the newfound bonhomie between the Trinamool and the Congress, barely 48 hours after chief minister Mamata Banerjee posed happy pictures with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in Delhi. This time, the tiff is with minister of state for labour Sabina Yasmin, who said she is \"not being allowed to work\" and is one of those \"grossly neglected\" Congress ministers in the Mamata Cabinet.Only last month, another Congress minister Manoj Chakraborty stepped down after being \"humiliated\" by the chief minister. Chakraborty, then parliamentary affairs and small and medium industries junior minister, resigned from the state cabinet as he was stripped of the two portfolios in the first Cabinet reshuffle without his knowledge. His resignation sent the love-hate alliance between the Congress and the Trinamool for a toss barely eight months into the new government.And now, just when a truce seemed to have been forged, another Congress minister hit out at the Mamata government. Yasmin, too, felt humiliated when she learnt on Friday that her department is organising a programme at Salt Lake stadium where the chief minister is the prime speaker. Two other ministers' names figure in the invitation passes for this event on granting incentives to unorganised labourers, scheduled to be held on Saturday afternoon. They were finance minister Amit Mitra and senior labour minister Purnendu Bose.Asked by reporters if she had any inkling of the programme, Yasmin shook her head. Wasn't she feeling insulted? The minister from Malda's Mothabari constituency shot back: \"Need you ask?\" Her name doesn't figure in the posters announcing the event either.Would she resign? Yasmin, who has been the Malda zilla parishad sabhadhipati (district council head) and is said to be an associate of Rahul Gandhi (she is just back from campaigning with him in Uttar Pradesh), said firmly, \"Never. I am not here at anyone's mercy. I have won the elections to be where I am.\" Yasmin added, \"When I go, I shall walk out with all our 42 (the total number of Congress MLAs in the state Assembly) members. Ours is a 126-year-old party. We can't take things lying down.\"Saturday's event seemed to be a culmination of a long-standing cold shoulder being given to this young minister from the minority community by big brother Trinamool Congress. \"I am not allowed to work. I have written to my senior minister about it. He told me to concentrate on the bidi workers. But all files on them are on his table,\" said Yasmin. She added, \"I have toured north Bengal extensively and know the place like the back of my hand. Not many have, but they are allowed work from the armchair.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12030261", "title": "Kinshuk Mahajan tastes stardom in Dubai", "text": "Kinshuk Mahajan who is now being seen as the main lead in Rakesh Paswan's show Afsar Betiya. He was invited as a celebrity guest for Aryana Music Awards in DubaiMost of us feel that most of our television actors are popular only in India. However, we are making a mistake in thinking so.Take the example of actor Kinshuk Mahajan who is now being seen as the main lead in Rakesh Paswan's show Afsar Betiya. He was invited as a celebrity guest to Dubai for Aryana Music Awards. Incidentally, Bidaai was dubbed in Afganistan, Romania and San Francisco, Kinshuk had become a global celebrity of sorts before he even realised it! \"I was treated like VVIP and got royal treatmentfrom the people there. I don't think I have been treated like that in India even when Bidaai was running full steam. I even got the opportunity to meet the royal family too! I met a lot of Germans there and since my wife can speak German, we had a nice time interacting with them,\" says Kinshuk.\"What made me very happy is how people across locations were coming up to me and talking about my shows. They were even asking me about Parul Chauhan and Angad Hasija,\" adds Kinshuk. Since Bidaai was dubbed in so many locations he became a celebrity there too. What made him popular amongst people from Afghanistan is the fact that in the show that Ranbeer (Kinshuk) is a guy who from Afganistan and not London. So good was his acting that locals found it difficult to believe that he was not from Afghanistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12026677", "title": "'Only out-of-court settlement can save Saif'", "text": "MUMBAI: Saif Ali Khan continued to protest his innocence and insisted that on Tuesday, he acted in self-defence when he hit a senior citizen and his son-in-law at a hotel. But the police said they had a strong case against the actor and only a possible out-of-court settlement could save him.The Colaba police said they had questioned 15 witnesses and were matching the statements with the claims made by Saif as well as South African businessman Iqbal Sharma with whom the actor had the fight. Saif also allegedly hit Sharma's father-in-law. A hotel employee present at the restaurant during the brawl told the police that Khan was the first to punch Sharma and he did so unprovoked. This contradicts Saif's version of him acting in self-defence after being hit. The police added the evidence compiled so far, including an application submitted by Saif through his lawyer, has tilted the case strongly in Sharma's favour.\"Saif's application states that he hit Sharma in self-defence. As he did not lodge a complaint, we took it as admission of his guilt. Even if the violence was provoked, Saif's party should have notified the police,\" said an officer.But while speaking to TOI, Saif expressed dismay \"at the way the incident was being played out\". \"It's sad that people believe that I raised hand on a senior citizen. I wouldn't do it in a million years, it is against the basic fibre of my nature. I was the one who was hit first and abused and I reacted in self-defence. I agree violence is not the answer and I apologize to my fans. I know celebrities need to set an example but not in a million years, will I raise hand on a senior citizen and what hurts most is that people believe it. I didn't want to speak earlier as people would think I am trying to gain publicity for my film, Agent Vinod ,\" he said. \"Let the court decide... I didn't think of going to cops. Maybe, I was naive. I am the one who was... sitting traumatized with a bit of a black eye. The other chap was changing shirts and giving interviews; his nose didn't look fractured, I dare him to take off the bandage. People are questioning why was I given bail-it is a bailable offence. What else did they want, blood? My past cases are being raked up. In the last eight years, I have not taken any wrong step. When one is projected as a brat, it hurts. I have already said sorry and I should've handled it differently, unfortunately that did not happen,\" the actor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12026120", "title": "\u2018Give Bharat Ratna to Guru Dutt posthumously\u2019", "text": "BHOPAL: Legendary film maker Guru Dutt's son wants his father should be given Bharat Ratna award. It would be nice, said Arun Dutt, considering the contribution of Guru Dutt to the Indian cinema, the government should consider giving him the Bharat Ratna posthumously.\"His (Guru Dutt's) films are ranked among all-time greats and his contribution to cinema is recognized the world over. The government has also issued a postal stamp on him. I personally feel the government should consider giving him Bharat Ratna,\" said Arun Dutt, who was in Bhopal to promote Guru Dutt Films Acting Academy in the city on Friday. However he emphasized, \"It is up to government to decide on the issue.\"First and foremost a director and producer, Guru Dutt's film Pyaasa (1957) is considered one of cinema's all-time classics and he was in a league of select film makers who could integrate art and commercial cinema together. In 2009, a series A Heart as Big as the World: The films of Guru Dutt was held at New York's Lincoln Centre, the retrospective on the works of Dutt, a first for a Hindi filmmaker at the centre.\"If he (Guru Dutt) was alive today he would have been disappointed with all this technology,\" said Arun, who started out as an editor and assistant to the film maker, Vijay Anand. \"Indian cinema lacks subject matter and it cannot be replaced with technological innovations in film making,\" he said.\"Colourising any of his (Guru Dutt's) film like Pyaasa, Kaagaz Ke Phool, Sahib Bibi Aur Ghulam is out of the question,\" said Arun Dutt. \"None of the films that have been colourized have been commercially successful. However, the only one of his films to be colourized might be Chaudhvin Ka Chand,\" he reluctantly said.Soft spoken and articulate Arun Dutt answered nuisances of one and all. At a distance was his daughter, Gouri, 23, seemingly a family coming together to promote the legacy of a legend, after an intermission of a few decades.\"It not easy being grandchildren of Guru Dutt. My sister is already into filmmaking and I am into acting,\" said Gauri, a little hesitant at first. \"People are in awe at times when they learn who I am, but what means most to me is that he was my grandfather,\" she added. Gauri and her sister Karuna have both worked for film maker Anurag Kashyap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12027721", "title": "State withdraws Buddha govt's Nandigram plea", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government has withdrawn the special leave petition (SLP) filed by the Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee administration in the Supreme Court in 2008 that challenged the high court order holding the Nandigram firing \"unconstitutional and wholly unjustified\". This clears the way for the CBI to file chargesheets against police officers accused in the shooting that killed 14 people and injured 100 on March 14, 2007.Soon after taking charge in May 2011, Mamata had announced that the petition pending in the Supreme Court would be withdrawn.The Left regime had moved the SLP questioning the court's jurisdiction to order a CBI probe without consulting the state government. The investigation was paused in January 2008, when the apex court stayed the high court's direction to the CBI to \"identify the police officers who transgressed law.\"The government's move is in line with Mamata's demand for a CBI probe into the Nandigram firing in March 14, 2007, while she was in opposition. \"This is a culmination of a policy decision announced by our leader Mamata Banerjee long ago,\" state law minister Moloy Ghatak said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12026907", "title": "TNAU student selected for UN programme", "text": "COIMBATORE: Archana Jayaraman, a third-year BTech (Energy and Environmental Engineering) student of Tamil Nadu Agricultural University (TNAU), has been selected as the sub-regional youth advisor for Asia and Pacific region TUNZA (TUNZA is a Swahili word meaning to treat with care) youth wing by the South Asian Youth Environment Network (SAYEN) of United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP).She will be working in India, Pakistan, Maldives, Bhutan, Nepal, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka , assisting UNEP in looking for better ways to engage young people to contribute to the development of UNEP's publications and facilitate youth input in various environmental forums.Archana attended the 7{+t}{+h} SAYEN Regional meet on \"The Road to Rio 2012: Sustainable lifestyles for a Green Economy\" held from January 10-12, 2012 at Dhaka, Bangladesh, as one of the two participants selected to represent India, during which she was elected as the youth advisor. She has also attended the Asia Pacific UNEP TUNZA conference at Ahmedabad as part of this programme.She is also involved with the British Council and The Energy &amp; Resources Institute (TERI) as an International Climate Champion since 2008. She is mentoring a group of 20 Climate Champions on a national level project pertaining to social activities on climate change in India.She aspires to become a global environmental engineer and participate in activities related to environmental management, environmental impact assessment, and social problems associated with climate change.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12026168", "title": "Children to paint with Niftians", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Students of National Institute of Fashion Technology (Nift) Gandhinagar will teach painting to differently-abled children as a part of their annual cultural event called 'Spectrum'. Nift Gandhinagar will help the children to make greeting cards and raise fund.Around 15 differently-abled students from Samarpan Mukhbadhit Shishu Vidya Mandir in Gandhinagar will be visiting us as a part of Spectrum-2012. we will teach these children to paint and make cards. The fund raised from selling these cards will be accrued to their institute,\" said a student of NIFT Gandhinagar Deepa Singh.The students of NIFT will be providing the necessary materials to the children who are from the age group of five to twelve. On Saturday, NIFT will also a grand fashion show as a part of their annual festival.NIFT also organized a one-day workshop on 'Craft and Future' February 23 which had the presence of 70 artisans. The workshop was organized with the an aim to sensitize the artisans, supporting organizations and stake holders about NIFT's role in cluster initiatives, to understand the present status of crafts of Gujarat. Dignitaries from various Government and Non- Government organizations, academicians, professionals from eminent institutes, artisans across Gujarat were took part in the workshop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "12027549", "title": "Rs 1-cr fraud unearthed in Shimoga panchayat", "text": "SHIMOGA: Police have begun the probe into the Rs 1 crore fraud allegedly committed by executive officer B Siddappa of the Shimoga taluk panchayat.The accounts officer of the panchayat A N Pranesh lodged a police complaint in Jayanagar police station here against Siddappa and the taluk child development project officer S Prabhari that they withdrew more than Rs 1 crore from the district treasury using his seal and forging his signature.According to official sources, the executive officer and the accounts officer had clashed against each other on the methodology followed in purchasing and distribution of food provided to children through all anganwadis in the taluk. The accounts officer refused to approve the bogus purchase and refused to pass the bills. The executive officer adopted a different way in withdrawing money by forging the seal and signature of accounts officer for a few months.Chief executive officer of Shimoga ZP Sanjay Bijjur told TOI he has collected all details of the fraud and is awaiting police report and will initiate immediate action soon after.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12030925", "title": "Usha Uthup\u2019s second coming?", "text": "It's been quite a few days since the Filmfare Awards took place but it still doesn't seem to have sunk in for Usha Uthup .The powerful singer with the unmistakable voice, who finally received an award for Best Playback for her song Darrling from Saat Khoon Maaf, still gets emotional when you speak to her about it. \"I cry at the drop of a hat if I start talking about it! My grandchildren are threatening to carry a bucket of towels with me everywhere I go, so they can soak up my tears!\" she laughs. For Usha, who has received so much mass acclaim wherever she goes, the award has come as a soothing balm. \"I have been working for 42 years. I have my audience, my family with me. It was just that one gesture of appreciation from my fraternity that I craved for,\" she says, adding, \"My greatest award has always been people's love for me. This award was the cherry on top of the cake.\" Usha says she is often called to judge reality shows and there's just one thing she tells newcomers. \"You have to be honest, be original and believe in yourself. Success will come to you at some level. It may not necessarily manifest itself in the shape of awards, but it will in the form of an audience,\" she says.Usha, who was once a regular in Hindi playback, seems to have reduced her film projects. Ask her why and she begs to differ. \"I am doing a lot of songs but somehow, they are not reaching people. For example, I had such a fantastic number Vande Mataram in Kabhi Khushi Kabhi Gham but it didn't get playtime at all. I did it for Karan Johar. There was a big banner, big actors and my big voice on top of it, yet it went unnoticed. Maybe that's why people feel I haven't been singing for too many Bollywood films,\" she explains. But now, she's already made waves with Darrling, and Maya in Don 2. And with her latest Aami Shotti Bolchi in Kahaani, she truly has proved she's an ageless rockstar! She admits, \"It's a second coming for me in the sense that my music is reaching out to the people again,\" she smiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12018862", "title": "Manish Malhotra's 'glocal' silhouettes", "text": "Leading designer Manish Malhotra celebrates India with Kashmiri weaves and 'glocal' sillhouettes.Great response: At the recently concluded Wills India Fashion Week in Delhi, designer Manish Malhotra presented a collection titled Gulaala Aur Giltoor, which was based on the two flowers of Achbal Garden in Kashmir. Legend has it that Queen Noor Jahaan, for whom the Achbal gardens were created was extremely fond of two flowers - Gulaala and Giltoor.Inspiration: This Autumn collection derived inspiration from the delicate nature of these two celebrated flowers and translated them into the flow and movement of the fabrics. The Indian evening wear had colours of the Giltoor in ivories, creams, beiges and the Gulaala in reds, pinks, rust, and burnt oranges.Designer speak: Says Manish, \"I work with Shabana Azmi's Mijwan foundation. Last year when I was in Kashmir for the shoot of director Imtiaz Ali's Rockstar, I got a chance to study the minute and delicate hand embroidery and zari work done by the Kashmiris. Till date, such work has only been seen on shawls and carpets at five star hotels. I wanted to change this and make sure it makes its way to the fashion ramp as well. A picturesque set was created for the show in Delhi that consisted of a layered three-dimensional Kashmiri monument with a stone runway. The music started off with the sound of wind blowing into the Kashmiri arcs and opened with the echoes of a morning prayer.\"There were 30 womenswear and 13 looks for men, in contemporary cuts and traditional sensibilities. The colours were regal in deep red to shades of ivory. \"The response was overwhelming,\" ends Manish, who is now gearing up for his forthcoming show at the Lakme Fashion Week on March 2.(Compiled by Nimisha Tiwari)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "vadodara/anand", "code": "12025073", "title": "50 booked for rioting at Khambhat", "text": "VADODARA/ANAND: Anand police has registered an offence against 50 accused for their alleged role in a communal clash at Akbarpur area of Khambhat town of Anand district on Thursday.The offence has been registered against 27 Hindus and 23 Muslims - most of them residents of Akbarpur. Nearly 40 people, including three policemen, were injured in the communal clash that had erupted in the town after two groups of people from two communities came face to face over construction of shops on the land owned by Waqf board.The police had to fire two rounds in the air and lobbed tear-gas shells to disperse the mob which had started pelting stones against each other.\"The situation is now completely normal. Since Thursday we have already deployed a large number of security personnel including one SRP company, 100 policemen. Two deputy SP rank officials are alternatively deployed at the site,\" Anand district superintendent of police Rajendra Asari told TOI on Friday, adding that shanti samiti meeting was also convened.Sources suggest the riots broke out after heated arguments between members of Chunara and Muslim communities over dispute whether shops should be constructed over the land owned by the Waqf board.The two groups had differences over the construction of the shops on the land. While earlier too there were skirmishes, on Thursday the issue resulted in large-scale rioting.The mob also attacked each other by lobbing petrol-filled bottles and acid bulbs while the violence left six residential premises burnt.Construction in the area has been stayed since the incident. \"We are constantly monitoring the situation to take stock of the situation. While an offence has been registered against 50 people, we will be soon arresting all those responsible for the rioting,\" said Asari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "12027406", "title": "\u2018Development\u2019 just a poll word for Rahul: Mayawati", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Mayawati on Friday cracked down on Rahul Gandhi saying that even though he was harping about 'development', he did not really understand what the phrase meant. The UP chief minister was speaking at a massive rally at the Ramlila ground in Ghaziabad. \"What's the point of spending nights in the house of a dalit if your meals are coming from outside? You cannot understand development so easily,\" she said.\"The Congress has never been serious about development of the state. These are just words for him (Rahul) to speak in election rallies,\" she said while claiming that if the BSP is voted back into power for a second successive term the per capita income of the state will double.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12026191", "title": "7 yrs on, no action to remove muck from Mandakini river", "text": "BHOPAL: Many swear by importance of the legendary Mandakini river in Hindu mythology. But over the years, mindless release of waste has virtually turned the river in Chitrakoot into a big sewer drain. An action plan is ready for the past seven years to restore the river to old glory, but that is about it. Things have not gone beyond it.The Union environment ministry had approved the Rs 6.3 crore plan to rid the holy river of waste and effluents.The centre had agreed to bear 70% cost and the state government had to pick the tab for remaining 30%. But by the state government got through with administrative formalities in four years, the project cost escalated to Rs 11 crore.\"The Centre insists that the state government should bear the enhanced cost of Rs 5 crore. The state government, for its part is sitting over it,\" sources in the Environment Planning and Coordination Organisation (EPCO), a state agency that prepared the river action plan told TOI.Environment and housing minister Jayant Mallaya said, \"I know that the state government has to bear the escalated cost of the project and we will definitely do it. We are committed to cleaning of the Mandakini\".Legend has it that of 14 years of exile, Lord Rama, Sita and Lakshman had spent eleven and half years in forests near the holy river. Chitrakoot in the northern Vindhya range of mountains is spread over two states of UP and MP. The Chitrakoot region is included in the district Chitrakoot of Uttar Pradesh and the district Satna of Madhya Pradesh.Two sewage drains, Nagar Palika drainage and Saryoo drainage are proving a major source of pollution in the river, says Jeetendra Singh, chief municipal officer (CMO) of the Nagar Panchayat of Chitrakoot. Residential localities also contributing to the river pollution.In fact, several ashrams on the banks of the river also adding to pollution it, but no one wants to raise a voice against them, sources in EPCO pointed out.The river action plan for Chitrakoot project includes provision for diversion of drains, construction of a 4.7 mld capacity sewage treatment plant keeping in view development and growth by 2038, EPCO sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12027182", "title": "Gujarat budget: Smile, Modi says \u2018cheese\u2019!", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: With an eye on assembly polls scheduled for December 2012, the Gujarat government on Friday announced sops worth Rs 410 crore to urban and rural middle classes and weaker sections.As a result, electricity used in individual households will go cheaper. So will a large number of consumer items ranging from toys, helmets, sanitary napkins and e-bikes. Stating that the state government wants to \"lessen tax burden of the state, including children, women, elderly people, self-employed artisans, each and every individual household, students\", state finance minister Vajubhai Vala proposed a 25% reduction in electricity duty for residential consumers, even as drastically bringing down or completely abolishing value added tax (VAT) on as many as two dozen commodities.The relief from electricity duty alone is to the tune of Rs 200 crore. Presenting his 18th budget in the state assembly, Vala reduced value added tax (VAT) from 15% to 5% on hardware items made of steel, copper, brass and aluminium used in house construction.Vala also exempted from VAT items used for pooja, saying, the government believes that the \"people of Gujarat are religious\".Prasad bhog, distributed at some religious places on token payment, currently construed as taxable, has also been exempted from any tax.At the same time, Vala announced an increase in the limit of stamp duty exemption on instruments executed by self-help groups and sakhi mandals for securing loans or borrowings up to Rs 2 lakh. This would mean a tax relief of Rs 10 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12025358", "title": "Right to sleep a fundamental right, says Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court has broadened the ambit of right of life to bring in a citizen's right to sleep peacefully under it. A citizen has a right to sound sleep because it is fundamental to life, the Supreme Court said on Thursday while ruling that the police action on a sleeping crowd at Baba Ramdev's rally at Ramlila Maidan amounted to violation of their crucial right.\"Sleep is essential for a human being to maintain the delicate balance of health necessary for its very existence and survival. Sleep is, therefore, a fundamental and basic requirement without which the existence of life itself would be in peril,\" the court said, terming it as a basic human right.Authorities have taken steps to protect citizens from being disturbed while they are asleep, like placing curbs on the playing of music late at night. But Tuesday's order elevates right to sleep in the hierarchy of rights and may goad the authorities to protect it.A bench of Justices B S Chauhan and Swatanter Kumar was unanimous that the police erred gravely by clamping prohibitory orders under Section 144 of Criminal Procedure Code on the night of June 4 when the gathering at Ramdev's yoga camp was sleeping peacefully.Though Justice Kumar wrote the lead judgment, Justice Chauhan elaborated on sleep as a fundamental right crucial to life and put it on the same plane as right to privacy and right to food, consistently held by the Supreme Court as an inviolable right which was part of right to life under Article 21 of the Constitution.\"Right of privacy and the right to sleep have always been treated to be a fundamental right like a right to breathe, to eat, to drink, to blink etc,\" he said while slamming Delhi Police for using unwarranted force on the sleeping crowd, thereby breaching fundamental right to privacy.But no citizen could claim sleeping to be his fundamental right. \"Undoubtedly, reasonable regulation of time, place and manner of the act of sleeping would not violate any constitutional guarantee, for the reason that a person may not claim that sleeping is his fundamental right, and therefore, he has a right to sleep in the premises of the Supreme Court itself or within the precincts of Parliament,\" Justice Chauhan said.He said sleep for a human being was a basic necessity and not a luxury. \"If this sleep is disturbed, the mind gets disoriented and it disrupts the health cycle. If this disruption is brought about in odd hours preventing an individual from getting normal sleep, it also causes energy misbalance, indigestion and also affects cardiovascular health,\" the judge said.\"Sleep, therefore, is a self-rejuvenating element of our life cycle and is, therefore, part and parcel of human life. The disruption of sleep is to deprive a person of a basic priority, resulting in adverse metabolic effects,\" he said.\"To arouse a person suddenly brings about a feeling of shock and numbness. The pressure of a sudden awakening results in almost a void of sensation. Such an action, therefore, does affect the basic life of an individual,\" Justice Chauhan said.Rejecting the justification given by the police that the crowd was planning to disrupt peace, the judge said, \"To presume that a person was scheming to disrupt public peace while asleep would be unjust and would be entering into the dreams of that person.\"Quoting a US court judgment, Justice Chauhan said, \"The citizens/persons have a right to leisure; to sleep; not to hear and to remain silent. The knock at the door, whether by day or by night, as a prelude to a search without authority of law amounts to be police incursion into privacy and violation of fundamental right of a citizen.\"He said because of this, many countries have clamped complete night curfews at airports (that is, ban on landing and take-off at late night hours), for the reason that the concept of sound sleep had been associated with sound health which is an inseparable facet of Article 21 (right to life) of the Indian Constitution.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "12027116", "title": "'CM playing politics of casteism'", "text": "KANNUR: Religious forces are controlling the state, and religious extremists are having a field day under the rule of chief minister Oommen Chandy, said CPM district secretary P Jayarajan.While inaugurating the collectorate besiege of the Democratic Youth Federation of India (DYFI) here on Friday, he said Oommen Chandy is playing the politics of casteism. \"When he visits NSS headquarters he becomes a Nair and at the SNDP office he changes the color to that of Ezhava,\" accused Jayarajan.Instead of promising jobs to the youth in the state, CM is interested to offer the fifth cabinet position to the Muslim League, he added. He also warned that the government cannot go further like this for a long time by following this policy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12031546", "title": "Dating dose for ailing people", "text": "A new section of dating sites is playing cupid for people with chronic diseases and disabilities. Melissa D'costa finds out moreRelationships, ailing heartAs each day passes, the dating pool is getting more competitive with survival of the fittest becoming the only way for you to get ahead in the race to find that 'perfect someone'. And while it may sound clinical and harsh, fact is that's how most dating sites operate, leaving those ailing and suffering from serious illnesses out in the cold.Alternatives for an ailing heartIf you too have been feeling left out because of a medical condition, there is hope. You can switch to a new breed of sites including Prescription4love.com, Nolongerlonely.com, Cisforcupid. com and Positivesingles.com which aim to cater to the requirements of people with conditions ranging from bipolar disorder , mental illnesses to sexually transmitted diseases.Can it work?Dr Parul Tank, consultant psychiatrist feels the emergence of this new breed of sites indicates a demand from a section of society who often feels marginalised. She adds, \"Often people with mental illnesses hide their condition and when the situation worsens post marriage, it leads to complications and disharmony. These websites can help people find others who will be able to understand them better and hopefully find lasting happiness. However on the other hand, these conditions are unstable and dating sites never tell the entire truth. Therefore it is difficult to gauge the severity of the situation. This can create discomfort later.\"Pros and cons of these sitesPsychiatrist, Anjali Chhabria, adds, \"Such a dating system definitely could be a boon or blessing for people suffering from medical conditions. But the pros and cons need to be considered carefully before one enters such a set up.\"Pros:-Both need not be fearful of their own condition. It is important to realise there are many people going through the same that you are-Health may not be the factor determining the relationship, thus making the person feel less insecure and more confident-The person may feel more accepted-Both the individual would be able to understand and empathise better as each one has been going through the same pain and trouble individually-This will definitely add more meaning to their lifeCons:-There is a chance one may not be completely honest about their medical condition or its severity-If either one is going through a clinical or psychological concern due to the medical condition, the relationship may suffer such as depression , anxiety, etc.-Starting a family could impose genetic complications and threats-In case of deterioration of the medical condition, couples could be unable to support each other due to their personal health limitationsTanks sums it up with a cautionary note, saying, \"These sites set the stage for permanent discrimination and will never allow people of different disabilities to get absorbed in the community and lead a 'normal life' which we all aspire for!\"melissa.dcosta@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12026858", "title": "Flower arrangement is a passion for Malhotras", "text": "CHANDIGARH: For the Malhotras, participating in Rose Festival is a habit and so is winning. Their entries have won prizes for the sixth year in a row. This time it's their nine out of 12 arrangements that have won them cheers.As the Rose Festival nears, every year, the entire family is seen on their toes - where the husband heads for Delhi to pick up the best flowers and foliage, wife and children tickle their grey cells for an attractive arrangement. Right from wife Simmi to children Aastha and Ankit, all send in their entries for the festival. Simmi and her children had sent four entries each. On the day of Rose Festival the entire family wakes up at 4am and heads for the venue. \"My wife starts preparing for the competition well in advance, every year. We have a separate room in the house where we practice. Simmi prefers to prepare arrangements on the spot so every year we reach the spot at 4am.\"Their artistic work with flowers, foliage, ropes, artificial birds and tamarind made several heads turn. Also, interesting captions forced one to stop and stare. Simmi said, \"Most of the mind is applied in thinking for captions and if one sees the arrangements carefully, there is logic behind every caption.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12025898", "title": "Legal hurdles threaten to delay Metro rail project", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad Metro Rail Ltd (HMRL) wants to kick off services with the first train plying between Nagole and Mettiguda some time in December 2014.However, a series of roadblocks appear imminent which can only serve to delay the public transport project which has been designed to introduce much-needed convenience to commuting in the city.The HMRL is working towards a self-imposed deadline to ensure that Stage-1 - the 8km stretch between Nagole and Metiguda in Corridor III - is operational by December 2014 with plans afoot to commence work by March this year.\"Preliminary work including soil testing, identifying land for the depots and preparations for production of pre-cast slabs, have been completed.\"A few procedural issues exist but construction work should begin in March,\" said a senior officer. Although HMRL is confident of meeting its deadline, the project is beset by all kinds of problems.Having come together as Greenlands, Ameerpet, Madhuranagar, Yusufguda and Sri Krishna Nagar Joint Action committee (GAMYS-JAC), traders have moved high court on the charge that HMRL had unilaterally changed the alignment of Corridor III, between Nagole and Shilparamam.The petition says that the alignment was changed to make the rail corridor pass through Ameerpet rather than Panjagutta, which was what had been envisaged in the original plan. The work cannot be taken up on the Ameerpet-Banjara Hills unless that issue is first sorted. HMRL has now filed a counter affidavit arguing that the alignment has not been changed. The case is coming up for hearing Monday next and the fate of the work depends on its outcome.The concession agreement signed between the state government and L&T;, the project partner executing the works, stipulates five years to be the timeframe for the commissioning of the service.The HMRL has yet to issue right of way to L&T; but, as per the agreement, work should have started on March 3, 2011 and been completed by March 3, 2016. Needless to say, the current situation has made observers skeptical about the possibility of that deadline being met.The HMRL is reportedly exploring the option of issuing right of way for those parts of Corridor III where there are no objections. \"Going for piecemeal construction might be HMRL's ploy to mislead the public on the progress of the work and silence the agitating traders.\"It is not fair on its part to go ahead with the work leaving issues unresolved,\" said C Ramachandriah, an activist spearheading the agitation.Even L&T;, it is learnt, is not comfortable with right of way granted in bits and pieces and it could all add up to ensure that work is still to start in March. Vivek B Gadgil, chief executive and managing director, L&T; Metro Rail (Hyderabad), speaking from Dubai , told TOI that the company felt it imperative that the right of way notification is accompanied by no outstanding issues.Apart from the alignment dispute, pending litigation on land acquisition, too, has hit the project.Of the 269 acres of land earmarked for the project, 104 acres are tied up in litigation. Authorities said that they had got the high court's nod to issue a fresh land acquisition notification which would deal with the legal hurdles.However, many in the state government conceded that nothing short of a miracle could ensure that work on the metro rail project began in March this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12026223", "title": "2009 survey had marked road obstacles", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Apart from the Bhidbhanjan Temple at IIM Crossroads, the estate department of civic agency had demolished other temples - one below Sola bridge and the other at ISCON Crossroads. Town development officer R A Jhadav said at the ISCON crossroads, some locals had brought prefabricated walls and a temple dome to re-construct the temple. \"We had to go back again two days ago to demolish it once again under police protection.\"A total of 17 religious structures were demolished on the Sabarmati-Visat pump BRTS route in December. A large Hanuman temple was rehabilitated on the footpath.The AMC authorities have trained their guns on a temple at Vadaj BRTS crossroads. The maximum number of religious structures are still located on BRTS Anjali Crossroads to Behrampura route.In a 2009 survey the AMC had marked close to 1,800 temples and nearly 260 dargahs on city roads that are considered sensitive points and are seen as religiously important. In BRTS' phase I and II, there are at least 60 religious structures that pose an obstacle. The Sabarmati area is one of the most afflicted as nearly eight major structures are bang on the road.Jhadav added, \"A small temple is set up on the roadside by few hawkers in the vicinity to invite people to the particular point, while in other cases the religious structures get engulfed in various development attempts. But in the absence of active vigilance by the AMC zonal officers, some of these temples occupy much larger space.\"Times News Network/ Paul/ February 24, 2012Ahmedabad:In January last year the High Court had come to the rescue of Kashmiri Mahadev temple and asked municipal corporation to look into alternative alignment for the approach road to proposed Dudheshwar-Wadaj bridge so that demolition of 165-year-old temple could be avoided. This was a unique order by the HC. The petition was filed by Dasmani Swatantra Niranjani Akhada Trust seeking directions to authorities to modify its plan to save the temple located on a riverbank in Wadaj.The court also made oral observations that AMC has to protect the temple and the place needs to be developed as an island. tnn AMC has been asked to place other schemes in this regard in a month.On October 13, 2006, the standing committee of AMC passed a resolution for construction of the approach road, which actually was to bypass the temple. But on March 2, 2007, another resolution was passed modifying the plan. Temple authorities protested the move, but AMC as well as the state government did not pay any heed to their requests to change the plan.The petitioner's counsel Bharat Pandya contended before the court that AMC changed earlier plan because land belonging to many influential people was to be acquired.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12025849", "title": "Beyond the glitter", "text": "HYDERABAD: Posing a stark contrast to the magnificence of the High Court building is a dingy lane right opposite where every other shop has a board, surprisingly written in Bengali. Behind these shops are bylanes resembling a ghetto that are chock-a-block with sweatshops employing goldsmiths from West Bengal, most of whom are from Howrah, Hoogly and Midnapur districts, best known for their fine craftsmen. Old City is home to close to 15,000 Bengali gold craftsmen.Amar Maiti works in one of these karkhanas. He has no fixed working hours or payment package. \"Sometimes there is work for six months, when we are asked to deliver a piece of jewel every day. For the other six months we go without any pay since there is no work available,\" says Maiti as he deftly works with a gas-cutter on a saddle-shaped wooden table dimly lit by a low-hung bulb. His room, which he shares with four others, is just large enough to accommodate a 6x12 feet table which he keeps outside after work and sleeps on the floor. Since Maiti's workplace doubles up as living quarters, cooking material is kept alongside the sulphuric acid, nitric acid and other hazardous chemicals needed in jewellery-making. At 34, Maiti is probably one of the oldest craftman, most of them being in the 10 to 20 age group. The younger ones generally stoke fires and assist in polishing ornaments, which means their hands are exposed to hazardous chemicals.Fourteen-year-old Rahu Malik came to Hyderabad two years ago from Domjur. Till date he has not been paid for his work. \"This is the training period, when he gets three meals a day along with clothes once a year,\" says Manik Mukherjee, who heads the Bengali Workers' Association in the Old City. When asked if he would like to go to school, a shy Rahu says, \"I don't like school. But I want to sleep on a pillow.\" Mukherjee explains that the workers do not get any mattresses or pillows.Things have gone from bad to worse over the last two years, says Mukherjee. \"With the rising gold prices many artisans are being thrown out of work,\" he says. Also, with the central government selling jewellery-making machines in the open market, it was certain doom for workers.All this has now resulted in a freeze in the influx of Bengali craftsmen to the city. \"For the past one year, the flow of workers has decreased immensely. In Bengal, as farmers, these men earn a decent Rs 200 per day. Also there have been several cases of people, especially the young workers falling ill in the city. There are several who have committed suicide unable to work under inhuman condition with such a meagre and irregular pay. Then occasionally, there are cases of police harassment. Any Muslim worker from Bengal is considered a Bangladeshi, although there is huge section of Bengali Muslims in Bardhaman and West Midnapore districts. Police pick up these men and charge hefty amounts in exchange for their freedom. These stories have reached their hubs in Bengal. So people are scared to send their children here,\" says Mukherjee.The workers are left to fend for themselves as no NGO which has come forward to work with them. And, of the several Bengali organizations existing in the city, none has bothered to look their way. \"It would be of immense help if these workers can get their Arogyasri cards at least, but even after knocking the doors of many bureaucrats, it couldn't be arranged,\" complains Tapas Chakrabarti, who is one of the better-off Bengalis in the area who gets these workers from villages and gets orders from the gold shop owners. \"We need education to enter these lanes, otherwise there is no hope. But it is a constant struggle to convince the owners to send the child workers to school. Because of the step-motherly attitude that the city has shown to its Bengali artisans, they are afraid to venture out of this 'para' (locality). We first need to change that attitude,\" sayd 32-year-old Tapas, who has been living in the same bleak lane for more than 10 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12027364", "title": "LLB student booked", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Peroorkada police have registered a case against Adarsh, a 4th year LLB student of Law Academy Law College here on charge of ragging, following a complaint forwarded by the college principal.The principal, Lekshmi Nair, had forwarded the complaint to the police on Thursday after an inquiry commission appointed by her found that Adarsh was prima facie guilty of trying to outrage the modesty of a female classmate.Police, said that Adarsh was absconding. The accused has been charged with non-bailable offense according to the provisions in Anti-ragging Act.The girl had alleged that on February 14, Adarsh made a physical advance towards her. The principal appointed an inquiry commission to probe into the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12026635", "title": "Bhayander neta among six held for octroi scam", "text": "MUMBAI: A massive octroi fraud that could run into crores has been detected with the arrest of six persons, including a youth leader of a political party.The cops seized bogus octroi receipts of the Mulund and Dahisar check nakas, fake octroi 'A' and 'B' forms, BMC rubber stamps, two demand drafts and copies of visiting cards of several civic officials, including those of the Mira-Bhayander Municipal Corporation (MBMC). The mastermind behind the fraud was identified as Gorakhnath Pawar (32), who was arrested during a raid on his flat in Saicharan building, Indralok, Bhayander (E), on February 2. His SUV was also seized.Interestingly, the police found out that Pawar's SUV bore a VIP sticker-which showed that he was a youth leader of Mira-Bhayander's Bahujan Vikas Aghadi (BVA)-as well as a red beacon. The other items seized from his house included traffic police and RTO stickers, state police and MBMC emblems as well as a press card. The cops also learnt that Pawar used the SUV during his operations.While police officials said they had detected octroi evasion to the tune of around Rs 54 lakh till now, they suspected the figure could run into several crores as the gang had been carrying out the fraud since 2007.Based on Pawar's interrogation, the police arrested Umesh Nair of Kashimira, Sharad Choure of Kalyan and Mahesh Suvarna of Thane. While Umesh was as an octroi collection agent at the Dahisar naka, Sharad and Mahesh worked at the Mulund checkpost. The cops also nabbed Deepak Shah, owner of a printing press in Dahisar where the duplicate receipts were printed, and Thane resident Sanjeev Mishra (39), who looked into the logistics of the operations. Shah is a resident of Dahisar as well.Investigating officer Ranjit Andhale said they did not rule out the involvement of more collection agents in the racket. The cops were also examining octroi records of several years.Explaining the modus operandi of the gang, the police said the accused would gather information about goods entering the city through the Dahisar and Mulund check nakas. As trucks lined up for octroi formalities near the check nakas, Pawar would approach a target and try to strike a deal. He would convince the person in charge of a consignment to save on octroi by paying a smaller amount and getting a bogus receipt in return. The amount, cops said, would usually be half of the actual sum that had to be paid at the checkpost.Once the deal was struck, the driver would be asked to park his vehicle a little away from the checkpost and the payment would be made to Pawar. The truck would then pass through the \"octroi paid\" channel without any trouble after the duplicate receipt is produced. As this matched the original receipt, the fraud went undetected. Pawar used his SUV to bring smaller consignments into the city as nobody would stop the vehicle due to the red beacon and the VIP sticker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12026654", "title": "Auto union threatens strike after SSC exams", "text": "MUMBAI: Auto union leader Sharad Rao has threatened an indefinite strike in March after the SSC and school exams are over. Rao told reporters that he filed a writ in the Bombay High Court on Friday against the state's decision to make e-meters compulsory in autos.\"We are opposing the introduction of e-meters. We have also filed a petition against the transport department as well as chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, who holds the transport portfolio,\" Rao said. The state on Tuesday issued a notification making e-meters mandatory for new autos from March 1 and for existing 1.05 lakh autos in the city from April 1.Rao alleged that the CM had reneged on his promise to redress their grievances on e-meters. \"We had a meeting with the CM last year and on his instructions, a committee was appointed to solve our doubts on e-meters. But the panel failed to look into our problems and we are not convinced that e-meters are tamper-proof,\" he added.The union has also decided to put forth a demand of a fare hike of Rs 5 on the basic fare, raising it from Rs 11 to Rs 16, and a subsequent increase of Rs 2 for every subsequent km.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12031177", "title": "Delhi Belly to be screened at Harvard", "text": "He's won awards for his directoial debut Delhi Belly, including the Filmfare Award for Best Director Debut.Now, the director Abhinay Deo is all set to speak at the Harvard India Conference 2012, to be held at their campus in Boston, Massachusetts on March 24-25. Jointly organized by the Harvard Business School and the Harvard Kennedy School of Government, Abhinay Deo will be one of the speakers on the topic, \"India - The Next Frontier.\"In fact, his film Delhi Belly will also be screened at Harvard and will be the only speaker to give his views on the creative power of India. The director, has been apporached by quite a few from the industry for their next venture, but the ad fiilm maker is taking it easy waiting for the right script to come along.It may be recalled that the song from the film DK Bose had created quite a furore because of the 'double meaning' of the lyrics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12027169", "title": "Sasikalaa\u2019s kin seeks advance bail", "text": "MADURAI: A brother-in-law of Sasikalaa, the former aide of Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa , has filed an anticipatory bail petition in the Madras high court bench here in the event of arrest in a land-grab case filed by the inspector of police, district crime branch , Thanjavur.Apprehending arrest in the case, M Saminathan, brother of Sasikalaa's husband M Natarajan, submitted that on the basis of the complaint given by one Sivakumar, the police had registered cases against him under various provisions of the IPC. The case against him was that he and Natarajan had allegedly grabbed 15,000 sq ft of land from the complainant for the construction of Mullivaikkal Mutram, a proposed memorial for those who died in the war against the Sri Lankan forces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "12027634", "title": "Question row on Madhyamik Day-1", "text": "HOWRAH: Complaints poured in on the very first day of Madhyamik examination from two separate examination centres in Howrah. Trouble broke out occurred on the first day of Madhyamik examination at two separate examination centers in Howrah.In an examination centre in Salkia, 24 students of Howrah Hindi High School appeared for Madhyamik examination at the examination centre as regular students. Twenty of them complained that they were given question papers based on the old syllabus. When informed, the examination centre authorities said that the 20 students had to write their answers following according to the question paper that they were provided.DI (school) Monika Bagchi said that they have heard about the complaint and the students have been asked to inform the Madhymik board. \"The matter will be looked into,\" Bagchi said.In Uluberia, five physically-challenged students, three of them deaf and two blind, of Anandabhavan deaf and blind school, came to take their examination at Jaduberia Girls School. The students were first asked to sit seat with general students. Later, when the matter was brought to the notice of the school authorities, they students were reportedly shifted to another room.However, Ajay Das, one of the teachers of Anandabhavan, deaf and blind school complained that the five students were shifted to a godown-like room which was very unhygienic. He informed the Uluberia SDO about the incident. of harassment.After writing their paper for about 25 minutes in the godown-like room, the students were shifted to another classroom. The students were again shifted to another class room later after examination in the godown like room for about 25 minute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12026325", "title": "Panel submits report on doctors\u2019 foreign visit", "text": "INDORE: The two-member committee, constituted by divisional commissioner, to probe the details of sponsored foreign visits made by the government doctors of Mahatma Gandhi Medical College (MGMC) has presented its report on Thursday.\"We have received the report and are analyzing the details furnished by the doctors. Some doctors have kept the details under wraps so it may take sometime to decide about action,\" divisional commissioner Prabhat Parashar said.Parashar said he will recommend action against the doctors to the state government after going through the report.The committee comprising sub-divisional magistrate S L Prajapati and Indore Development Authority chairman Chandramouli Shukla had come up with their findings two months after a fresh probe was ordered following the concealment of facts by some doctors about sponsored foreign visits.The divisional commissioner will submit his recommendations about doctors Anil Bharani, Hemant Jain, Dr Apoorva Puranik, Dr Salil Bhargava, who had visited Malaysia, Thailand, Hong Kong, Spain, London, Dubai, Switzerland, China and USA.The trips were sponsored by pharma companies without informing authorities and violating the Medical Council of India (MCI) rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12028425", "title": "\u2018Pharmacy firm may have flouted norms\u2019", "text": "MYSORE: A day after the fire mishap occurred at Jubilant Life Science Limited in Nanjangud, officials attached to the department of factories and boilers have directed them to dispose the waste in a scientific manner.Factories deputy director B V Ravikumar told TOI that diposing of the waste at the pharmaceutical firm is also a risky job and they have asked the company management to take up cleaning work in the presence of qualified persons to prevent any untoward incident The DD said they have continued an investigation to know the exact cause of accidents. They are yet to question eyewitnesses.Meanwhile, Karnataka State Pollution Control Board, Mysore, environmental officer P Niranjan said the company seems to have violated laws governing environment. According to Hazardous Wastes (Management, Handling and Transboundary Movement) Rules, 2008, one should label the wastes and define chemicals but apparently they haven't done this. About 45 tonnes of waste was stored in the shed which caught fire accidentally.This apart, Nanjangud police have booked cases against Kallahalli residents for throwing stones at security guards. Security officers have complained to police that the fire destroyed property worth Rs 15 lakh. Meanwhile, three employees including Sunil who were admitted to a private hospital are doing well and are likely to be discharged on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "dhar khurd (pathankot)", "code": "12027407", "title": "Vulture conservation project fails to impress", "text": "DHAR KHURD (PATHANKOT): The vulture conservation project which was launched some three years back may not meet the desired goals due to half-hearted approach adopted by the government.Not only two out of three \"vulture restaurants\" set up by state government have been abandoned, the wildlife department also doesn't have any funds to buy healthy meat to feed vultures in the single operational restaurant, and are forced to depend on free carcasses.To make things worse, the sale of Diclofenac, a banned anti-inflammatory drug considered to be responsible for the extinction of vultures, is going on unabated which has diluted the very purpose of vulture conservation programme.Vultures are the last species in the trophic level of food chain as they consume rotting flesh and excrete digested material back onto the soil which again increases the productivity of soil, thus maintaining the food chain.Disappearance of vultures will not only affect the eco system but will also affect on the equilibrium between populations of other scavenging species like dogs, besides increased number of putrefying carcasses.The forest and wildlife preservation department had set up three \"vulture restaurants\" each at Chandola, Chamraur and Kathlore to feed Diclofenic-free carcass to vultures.Out of these, only Chandola vulture restaurant situated on the bed of Chakki river is attracting the birds nesting in lower Himalayan ranges and nearby areas.Sources said that due to lack of funds, the department was not able to buy carcass or other healthy meat but only depends on free supply of carcass through network of their forest rangers.\"Rangers keep an eye on any dead animal in the adjoining area of vulture restaurant and pick up the carcass through contractor on a fixed carriage payment of Rs 250,\" sources said.But there is no scientific way with the department to ensure whether the carcass was Diclofenac-free or not, even as it has a laboratory in Dhar Kalan in Pathankot district but without any equipment and staff.Chief wildlife warden Dhirendra Singh agreed that they didn't have enough manpower to run the laboratory nor they had allocated any special fund for the project. He also admitted that vulture restaurants had not been any good for the conservation of vultures.\"We can presume that number of vultures has increased depending on their visibility during feeding at vulture restaurant but we don't have any scientific data to support the claim\" he said.But the locals don't seem to be happy with the government approach of conservation of vultures. \"In the beginning, there was some movement around the vulture restaurant but we hardly see anyone these days feeding vultures, may be once or twice in a week, which is not enough,\" said the sarpanch of Dhar Khurd village, Mohinder Singh.Banned for veterinary use in 2005, Diclofenac is still being used for fever and painful conditions in animals. Independent inquiries made by TOI revealed that Diclofenac is being sold clandestinely by some chemist shops. \"If veterinary Diclofenac is not available, we use human Diclofenac, the medicine is same, the only difference is of quantity of dose which we adjust according to weight of the animal,\" said a para-veterinarian.\"Farmers don't have patience to wait for results by using desi medicines, so they themselves insist on use of quick healing medicines such as Diclofenac,\" he said. Dhirendra Singh said that the department would inquire into the use of human Diclofenac for veterinary purposes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12026637", "title": "Kidnapped students rescued", "text": "BANGALORE: Two students who were kidnapped by three persons, were rescued by Siddapura police within two days of their abduction.Ayaz Pasha, 18, and his friend and college mate Syed Yusuf, were kidnapped by three persons on February 13. Ayaz is the son of Fayaz Pasha, a businessmen from Sidduguntepalya, who lodged a complaint with Siddapura police on February 14. \"The incident came to light after the abductors called up Fayaz's elder son Irshad on February 14. The abductors demanded Rs 1 lakh from Fayaz to release the boys. The victims were on their way to Venkateshwara College in Tavarekere, when the abductors forcibly took them away,\" said DCP (South) Sonia Narang.Police swung into action and rescued the boys from a building under construction in KR Puram. One of the three abductors was arrested on February 15, and the other two were nabbed on Thursday. The arrested are M Munikrishna, 28, of Madivala; N Kumara, 27, and M Ganesha, 28, both from Sidduguntepalya.Investigation revealed that Ayaz Pasha had shown a photograph of a gold biscuit to one of the abductors, Ganesha. Ayaz had taken Rs 50,000 as advance to deliver the gold biscuit, but never fulfilled the promise. Ganesha abducted Ayaz to get back the advance paid after he refused to refund the money, it is said.Rowdy stabbed, survives: A notorious rowdy, Mubarak Ali, who faces criminal charges, was stabbed by a gang who came in a Tata Sumo and hit his motorcycle near the Austin Town Army quarters on Friday afternoon.The gang hit Ali's motorcycle from behind, knocking him down around 3.30pm. One person jumped out of the vehicle and stabbed Ali, who was trying to get up. Ali, realizing his life was in danger, ran and hid inside the Army quarters premises. He was rushed to a hospital where he is out of danger, police said.Ali was instrumental in the murder of rowdy Palani, who was stabbed inside Hosmat hospital some years ago. Police are also checking pending cases against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "pernem", "code": "12027918", "title": "Battle of outsiders for Pernem's reserved seat", "text": "PERNEM: It will be a straight fight between Congress' Manohar Azgaonkar and BJP's Rajendra Arlekar in the re-jigged Pernem constituency.Though nine candidates are in the fray, analysts say the fight's between the sports minister who is also the sitting Dhargalim MLA (the constituency no longer exists as it has been merged with Pernem), and Arlekar, a former Vasco MLA.Given that the seat is the only one of 40 reserved for those representing the scheduled caste, both, Dayanand Sopte-the BJP MLA who joined the Congress and is now contesting in adjoining Mandrem-and two-time legislator and Pernem's viscount Jitendra Deshprabhu are automatically out of the fray.A tour of the constituency that includes Pernem's municipality area and 12 villages panchayats, indicates a strong anti-Congress wave. Though Arlekar is little known-the businessman hails from the port town, even as his competition is from Margao-people talk of wanting change.Arlekar, focusing mainly on door-to-door campaigning, promises to build a bus stand and the Mopa airport if elected. \"People have shown their support in large numbers, Vithu Morajkar (who lost to Azgaonkar by 774 votes in 2007) is with us and is working for the BJP, the people here are not happy with the Congress and they want change,\" he says. BJP has also promised to set up an institute providing technical education to create the skilled manpower required for jobs at the airport.Also going for the BJP is that it is in an alliance with the MGP which stood third in the last hustings and it has taken into its fold Pernem municipality's chairperson Vasudev Deshprabhu and six councillors and former Dhargalim sarpanch Bhushan Naik, once a strong supporter of Azgaonkar.The latter has been a blow for Azgaokar as Dharagalim panchayat was his stronghold. But the three-time MLA does enjoy support in the former Dhargalim constituency which is now part of Pernem. His supporters say he retains about 14,000 votes, especially in Virnoda, Poroscodem and Corgao, while also enjoying the support of many women voters as he extends financial assistance to many self-help groups and Mahila mandals in the constituency.To TOI he says, \"What did Arlekar do for Vasco when he was an MLA there? You cannot mislead people, and they are with me.\" Pointing to the \"development\" he initiated after he was elected in 1999, he says the proposed sports city and airport will be job-churners for the constituency.Deshprabhu, meanwhile, has been seen campaigning for Azgaonkar only once. Sources say the former MLA spoke for only two minutes. Though not in the fray, his support is expected to matter.  Elections 2012 News  Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12028010", "title": "After encounter, cops shoot in the dark", "text": "The five-member gang shot dead by police had lived a double life - one of recluse and another of opulence.Police had pieced together information about the youths before closing in on their den in Velachery, sources said.The gang of five would execute a crime, leave the city to splurge the booty and would come back to lead a frugal existence in their pigeonhole. They never partied in Chennai.The youths approached the house owner, Parvathiammal, who lives in the first floor of her Velachery apartment complex, through a broker. One of the suspects who masterminded the robbery, Vinod Kumar, told her they were in the city to install towers for a private mobile service provider. \"Vinod Kumar was identified by a relative of the house owner, who saw him once at the house,\" a police officer said.The shock of having lived next door to the suspected bank robbers is yet to wear off for many neighbours. A lathe worker, M Balamurugan, said, \"My sister's house is in the TNHB Colony first lane. I used to visit her thrice a week. I saw the youths once, travelling in bikes. They sped away brashly. I checked with a passerby who the youths were but he couldn't recall. I saw their photographs in newspaper after the encounter and was shocked.\"A woman who lives close to Vinod's house, said, \"They looked like college students. They left the house on their bikes daily in the morning and returned in the night. They never mingled with neighbours. They didn't even ask for newspapers and milk from the person who supplies us.\"House owner Parvathiammal was shocked to learn who her tenants were. \"I didn't have any problem with them. I told them clearly while renting out that neither should they create nuisance to the residents nor booze inside the house.\"The youths left for Bangalore for a week after they allegedly robbed the Bank of Baroda . Then they returned to Chennai in the first week of February. Though they owned a refrigerator and a TV, the house had just a few cooking utensils. The suspects had prepared rotis on Wednesday night, hours before they were killed in the encounter.The youths had informed the house owner that they were going to Bangalore on Thursday morning and would come back after a week. But police shot them down at the early hours of Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12025878", "title": "NGOs slam report to plan panel on allowing beef exports", "text": "NAGPUR: The United Nations (UN) affiliated International Organisation for Animal Protection (OIPA) in India along with People for Animals (PFA) and NGOs working for animal welfare have slammed the working group report on animal husbandry and dairying for the 12th Five Year Plan, which includes recommendations to lift a ban on beef exports from India.The working group on animal husbandry and dairying (2012-17) recently submitted a report to the Planning Commission on present performance of livestock sector and its contributing factors including development programmes and policies pursued in the recent past. It suggested a road map for achieving the targeted rate of growth during the 12th plan while ensuring its sustainability and inclusiveness.Sukanya Kadyan, OIPA's event director in India, flayed the recommendation in the report which says, \"There is an existing ban on beef exports. Therefore, it is necessary to revise the EXIM policy to allow beef exports.\"The OIPA and even local NGOs like Sukrut Nirman Charitable Trust and People for Animals (PFA), Nagpur, have demanded the report be withdrawn and government should apologize to the nation before 'religious and nationalist people' pour out into the streets in protest.\"Export of beef will not only butcher cows but will also amount to murder of the Constitution and dharma, on which country's foundation has been based,\" said Naresh Kadyan, India's OIPA representative. The report was more inclined to slaughtering animals rather than protecting them. The matter has been taken up with the President and plan panel, he added.Quoting directive principles under Article 48 of the Constitution, Kadyan said these clearly prohibit slaughter of cows and calves and other milch and draught cattle. \"We cannot tolerate slaughter of cows or its family at any cost,\" he remarked.Kannubhai Savadia, chairman of Sukrut, said his NGO has been sending representations to the Planning Commission for the past four years against meat exports, but strong lobby of traders backed by politicians appears to have prevailed upon the government.Meat exports were basically to boost foreign exchange but now that the country has sufficient forex reserves, why promote such exports, Savadia asked.\"Allowing beef export would lead to massive slaughter of cows, which is already being carried out clandestinely. Our agriculture ministry is supposed to protect and promote cows instead of slaughtering them,\" Savadia added.\"The government should stop playing with the religious sentiments of the people. The recommendation exposes double standards. On one hand, cows are revered and students are taught about its importance and protection, while on the other promotion of beef exports is spoken about,\" said Karishma Galani, city chief of PFA.Allowing beef exports would lead to farm and food crisis. As per the cattle census conducted in 2007, cattle population has already dwindled. \"So why is a need being felt to promote beef exports?\" Galani asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12026195", "title": "Invest in business studies for higher gains &amp; grades", "text": "JAIPUR: Excellence in business administration lays the foundation of a successful career in financial service, feels Rahul Sapra, who aspires to become a chartered accountant followed by a management degree from IIM-A.Rahul, a student of Maharaja Sawai Man Singh Vidyalaya Jaipur and preparing for the Class XII-Commerce exam, says he enjoys learning the basics of business studies. To achieve his dream, Rahul is studying with immense concentration aiming not only to score high but also to master the concepts of the subject.\"I have marked the important topics in every chapter and jotted down the important points which I will go through as the course is lengthy and it will not be possible to revise the whole course just before the exam,\" says a confident Rahul.Maintaining a fine balance with other subjects, Rahul dedicates two hours for business everyday, which he finds it sufficient for revision. He takes frequent short breaks while studying for hours and said six hours of sleep is necessary.He also solves the practice paper on a daily basis to keep abreast of different kinds of questions.\"Time management is very crucial as some questions require lengthy answers. The length of answers should be according to marks,\" added Rahul, who said that for a score of 90 and above, content of answers should be very rich.Rahul also put stress to underline the headings and the key points. \"Main headings should be highlighted in capital letters and diagrams may be used while writing answers to make it more attractive,\" he said.\"I never get nervous during preparation and credit for this goes to my parents who do not put me under any pressure to score good marks. They always keep my morale high and help me stay focused and keep my cool,\" said Rahul, who is passionate about Italian foods especially pasta.Rahul's parents do not enforce any restrictions relating to watching television, using laptop and mobile phones during the exam prepration. \"I feel fortunate that my home is free of stress and I can concentrate without any disturbance or pressure,\" Rahul said.Guru GyanTips for Class XIIBusiness studiesWith less than a week to go, students should start revising the subject by memorizing important pointsl Carry maximum weightage of 14, 12 &amp; 10 marks, respectively. Hence, they should be prepared firstl Practise last two years' Board question papers and CBSE sample papersl Stick to NCERT textbook. Leave no chapter as there are internal choices in questionsl Preferably start by answering six-mark questions. Write them in 200-250 words and highlight important points. Unless specifically mentioned, write at least six points for a six-mark question with requisite explanationsl Wherever possible, supplement answers with diagrams and examplesl Then do questions in descending order of their weightage i.e. first 5 marks, then 4 marks and finally 3 marks should be attempted. Otherwise students go on writing too much for questions carrying one, three and four marks and, hence, lost track of timel Golden rule is to attempt those questions which you know well as initial impression makes a lot of differencel One-mark questions should be answered in one word or one sentencel Last, but not the least, presentation of answers is of utmost importance", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12026203", "title": "2 held for Dombivli robbery bid", "text": "MUMBAI: The crime branch on Friday arrested two men in Satara involved in last year's Dombivli robbery bid. In November 2011, the accused tried to enter a building near former BJP MLA Harishchandra Patil's bungalow. When locals tried to nab them, the robbers pelted them with stones. Patil and his three sons sustained injuries while trying to apprehend the robbers. However, when the injured went to Manpada police station to inform them about the incident, they were shocked to see seven policemen sleeping. The cops were suspended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12026283", "title": "Quota case: Govt files leave petition in Supreme Court", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after the Rajasthan High Court held the Ashok Gehlot government guilty of contempt of court in the reservation in promotions issue, the state government on Friday filed a special leave petition (SLP) in the Supreme Court.On Thursday, the Rajasthan High Court, while hearing pleas filed by Samta Andolan Samiti, an organisation of non-reserved category employees, held chief secretary Salauddin Ahmed and principal secretary (personnel) Khemraj guilty of 'willful contempt of the court'. The two were directed to be present in the court on February 27, when the court will award them punishment.The state government is making all attempts to ensure that they get a hearing date on Monday as the high court has already asked the two senior government officers to appear on Monday. \"We will try to see that the matter is taken up at the earliest,\" said Manish Singhvi, additional advocate general for state government before the SC. There are chances that the matter may not be heard on Monday, he added.Strategists close to government confirmed that it may attempt to seek time from the high court to see the outcome of the SLP as it is still defending its action. The government will contend that the two notifications relating to RAS and other allied services in September 2011 was a substantial compliance of the high court's order.On the other hand, the Samta Andolan Samiti filed a caveat in the Supreme Court on Friday. \"We want the Supreme Court to reject the SLP as the state government is misleading the courts with its information. The state does not want to follow the court's directives on the issue as it fears a backlash from the SC/ST employees,'' said Parashar Narayan Sharma, Samiti president.Meanwhile, sources confirmed that senior officials got on the job of preparing the list of RAS seniority as on April 1, 1997. The government is believed to have initiated the work to comply with the court order and grant regained seniority to the general and OBC employees, with the aim of asking for more time for implementation. The order will have an impact on 7 lakh state employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12027220", "title": "Five injured in students\u2019 clash, law college shut indefinitely", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Government Law College here has been indefinitely closed since Friday following clashes between rival gangs of students within the campus. Five students were seriously injured in the attack using wooden logs, iron rods and sickles and all of them have been admitted to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH).The decision to close down the college was taken by the principal as there was simmering tension in the campus following the attack. Inmates of hostels of the college have been asked to vacate and a heavy posse of police has been posted outside the campus.According to college principal S Ramasamy, the trouble began on Thursday when first year student E Vellaichamy (18) from Rajapalayam was ragged by some senior students. Vellaichamy was forced to remove his shirt and he had to face some uncomfortable questions. Soon after the incident, Vellaichamy lodged a complaint with college principal. On Friday morning, Vellaichamy met the principal accompanied by fellow students P Sundar (21) of Thirunelveli and R Sasikumar (25) of Madurai and demanded immediate action against those who were responsible for the ragging. When they moved out of the cabin of the principal, a 10-member gang attacked the trio and that too in the presence of the principal. While Vellaichamy and Sundar sustained head injuries, Sasikumar suffered injuries on the left hand and left leg.In the counter attack by Vellaichami and his friends, senior students Anand of Periyakulam and Siva of Madurai also suffered head injuries. With more students joining both sides, it was a pitched battle inside the campus.Though police have reached the college premises once informed of the incident, they were not able to enter the campus for want of permission from the college principal. Once the students took the injured outside the campus, police helped them in taking the injured to hospital.When contacted by TOI, college principal Ramasamy said the staff council had recommended indefinite closure of the college in view of the fresh bout of violence. Stringent action would be taken against those who engaged in the violence, he said. Ragging would not be tolerated, he warned.According to Vadavalli police inspector K Mani, a case was registered and investigation is going on over the incident. All those who involved in the violence would be arrested and dealt with sternly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12026805", "title": "Budget mired in political games", "text": "PUNE: If the ruling NCP and Congress allow the current standing committee chairman and BJP corporator Ganesh Bidkar to table the 2012-13 annual civic budget before the general body (GB) before March 14, it may set them a year behind their promised plans as outgoing corporators will approve budgetary allocation and projects.Municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak on Friday tabled his draft budget before the standing committee. The general procedure dictates that the standing committee chairman discusses the budget with committee members and prepares a final draft and tables it for approval before March 31, the deadline to approve the budget.However, this year's February 16 civic election has thrown up several technical problems before the house. Bidkar insisted that he has the right to present the budget as the new standing committee will come into play only after March 14 when the new GB will come into existence and the term of the present corporators will end officially.\"The term of the existing standing committee ends on February 29. Even so, I continue as the standing committee chairman till the new chairman is elected. So I will start the process to prepare the budget and present it before the GB before March 31. I will list the works new corporators want to carry out in their wards and incorporate it in the budget,\" Bidkar told reporters.The NCP and the Congress have opposed this move. \"We don't want to implement the budget prepared by a BJP corporator. Let the new standing committee decide on the budget,\" said a senior NCP corporator. NCP-Congress are looking at legal angles to see if the new standing committee can prepare the budget.If Bidkar's budget is rejected by the standing committee, where Congress and NCP have a majority, the municipal commissioner's draft budget will be executed de facto.NCP leader in the PMC Subhash Jagtap did not comment on the party's position, while Congress corporator and city unit chief Abhay Chhajed said, \"We will ensure that all the process for the budget approval is completed.\" He too refused to say if Bidkar will be allowed to present the budget.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12026352", "title": "South Mumbai woman booked for Rajdhani Exp bomb hoax", "text": "MUMBAI: The Government Railway Police (GRP) is mulling stricter action against hoax callers who inconvenience commuters and burden security agencies.On February 5, a woman from an affluent south Mumbai family had told the police and the guard of a Rajdhani Express that she had overheard two men talking about an explosive planted on the train. The bomb and canine squads were summoned and the train was throughly scanned, but nothing suspicious was found.On interrogating the woman, Sheela Shah, it was found that she had lied as her niece Kajal Shah was running late and wanted to board the train on time. A non-cognizable complaint was lodged against Sheela.While, Sheela is a resident of Mahalaxmi, her niece-an ophthalmologist-lives in Vile Parle.Kajal had to travel to Delhi for a wedding and had booked tickets on the Rajdhani. The train was to depart at 4.40pm from Mumbai Central. However, at 4.20pm, Kajal had reached only Lower Parel as she was caught in a traffic snarl. She then called up her aunt, who had reached Mumbai Central, and asked her to request the train guard to wait for a while.\"But Sheela made up a story about a bomb on the train, timed to explode at Borivli,\" said senior inspector Shivaji Shinde.The woman, a resident of Mahalaxmi, had made up the bomb story to allow her niece to board the Rajdhani on time", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12028208", "title": "Commoners and cops bank on citizen\u2019s charter facility", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The denizens of Sangam city are candidly utilizing citizen charter facility. With fixed time-frame for completion of various jobs related to passport, arms , character etc verification has been offered to the seekers, police burnt midnight oil to get the applicants work done.In 2011, a total of 160 people had applied under the citizen charter to enquire about status of verification reports, as many as 79 applications were received by the citizen charter cell of range police between January 1,2012 and February 22,2012 for quick disposal of the grievances or completing the verification purposes.Not only commoners but khaki clad have too utilized the tool to know the status of progress reports related to their TADA, medical grant, entry in GPF passbook and entry of reward in character rolls. In-charge, Citizen Charter Cell, Sub-inspector, CP Pandey told TOI that people are candidly approaching the cell for timely redresal of grievances. He added that most of the complaints are related to passport verification and 10 % are related to thana level complaints. The district police on November 6,2011 had implemented citizen charter in an attempt to improve its image and also ensure timely redressal of grievances. For that, fixed time-frame has been set up for completion of various jobs related to common man and policemen as well.DIGSSP, Prakash D was of the view the facility was launched to provide timebound action on public complaints. He added \" with this, a Citizen Charter in the police department by fixing time frame for all the work related to public and warned that who so ever would overlook the time frame, will face severe action.Range cops made it clear that people need not to visit police stations when it comes to verify documents related to passport, arm license, character verifications'. Thana cops have also been strictly asked not to call traffic rules violators at the police stations, when it comes to return their documents ( after issuing challans and charging fee) as these documents would be returned by the office staff of finding authority ( circle officer and additional SP).Under this, thana diwas is being organised at all police stations twice a month in which officials from all departments like revenue , power, nagar nigam, jal sansthan would be listening the grievances of the people and take necessary actions.The district police on its part has made sincere efforts to publicise and display citizens chaters at all police stations and offices of the senior police officers so that a common man could know about his or her right. A monitoring cell is also set up at the DGP headquarter.Officials here said that a period of seven days has been fixed for work of passport verification including LIU ( Local Intelligence Unit) report, seven days for character verification and 10 days for arm licenses verification, three days for receiving postmortem report, ten days for character verification for contract work, one week period for renewing the arm license, seven days for complaint lodged with police station, 24 hours for urgent applications, immediate action in cases of missing unnatural death and natural calamity.Here, the complainants have been advised to take receipts from police stations in case of giving information application and police would not arrest anyone without briefing him or her reason behind the arrest. Similarly, women and children could not be called for interrogation at police station. If policemen are quizzing someone, they should have their identity cards as well as wearing uniforms along with name plate.For policemen too, their applications would also been entertained within 24 hours at police stationreserve police lines and immediate senior police officer would be recommending it within 24 hours. \" time limit for different work has also been fixed for the disposal of their grievances related to pay anomalies, TADA, medical leave, medial grant, entry in GPF passbook, showing of GPF booklet, entry of reward in character rolls, aid for children's studies, fund sanctioning for house construction and pension\" said pandey.If any application comes before cell, cops are looking into it with effective implementation of Citizen Charter. As per the Citizen Charter, apart from all kind of reports should be registered immediately irrespective of the fact that whether they are true or false.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12027329", "title": "State fails to create support system for child safety services", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Kerala is yet to create the required support system for the integrated child protection services (ICPS) scheme to avail funds from the Centre.Proposals for childcare-related programmes can be submitted to the Centre via state government bodies and government will allocate funds for each of these projects.But the state is yet to form these agencies as the state welfare department (SWD) is besieged by many problems. Since Centre will allocate funds for all child-care programmes through ICPS, the state needs to revamp its childcare-related structures.SWD officials said that ICPS is not the problem. SWD has been crippled because there is no stable leadership at the department level.Education department principal secretary K M Abraham has been given the additional charge of SWD.\"ICPS is a huge project and our existing structures need to be revamped, we have to go for new configuration and recruit staff at state and district levels,\" said SWD officials.\"The District Child Protection Societies (DCPS) and state Adoption Resource Agency (SARA) should be created to implement the programme,\" said SWD joint director C K Raghavanunni. Unless ICPS is implemented immediately, the functioning of several children homes, juvenile homes, adoption homes and foster care will be affected due to lack of funds, he said. Childline Trivandrum director Fr Phillip Parakkat said, \"Even before streamlining the structure under ICPS and posting the required staff, existing structures have been cancelled and that has affected the functioning of many shelter homes and other child welfare support systems.\"Meanwhile, three children were rescued from the state capital on Tuesday. The children were placed before the child welfare committee (CWC) and then shifted to Don Bosco Shelter Home on Wednesday. Already the shelter home has 21 children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12018600", "title": "I am not getting married right now: Vidya Balan", "text": "Dressed in a white Bengali sari with a white gajra in her hair, the gorgeous Vidya Balan , who was in Indore recently to promote her new flick, spoke to us about her scandalous college days, and life post \" The Dirty Picture \".Playing a pregnant woman was easyI really did not prepare much for my role as a pregnant woman. When I was in college, we girls used to do a lot of such things, like a \"pregnant walk\" or pose as a vegetable vendor. So this was not a tough task. But yes, it was exciting to do a role that is bound to grab a lot of attention.Shooting in KolkataI have a lot of love for Kolkata, and the people over there were so excited to see me shooting on the streets. There had to be complete silence to make sure that there were no interruptions. So when the crowd was beyond the control of others, I had to go to them and tell them in Bengali, \"Ek tu picha...\", which was a request for them to kindly step a bit back, to which they gently replied, \"Yes\". We had to shoot in various places like in the tram and the other open streets of the city and I am thankful to the crowd that they listened to me.'The Dirty Picture' wasn't that dirtyI did not hesitate to play Silk, but I was really hesitant about signing the film. Now, thanks to the love of the people, \"The Dirty Picture\" has turned out to be huge hit. But I don't think that the flick was \"dirty'\". It had a message embedded deep within. It's just the story of a girl who used her sexuality to come up in life and it has an end too. Those who have seen it have definitely understood the message in the flick.My life wasn't like silk's I've been lucky enough to not have gone through any sort of exploitation or the casting couch. The film fraternity has been very supportive towards me. But log kehte hain ki aisa hota hai.I am not getting married right nowAbhi toh bahut kaam karna hai. No marriage plans as of now.The publicity stunt that didn't workMeanwhile, the \" Kahaani\" makers had to face a lot of public ire and flak from Indoris due to their 'unusual' publicity stunt. There were \"Missing\" posters of Arnab Bagchi pasted on the city's walls, and this did not go down well with most people. \"Relatives of people who have gotten lost could get hurt seeing these posters,\" was what everyone said when they saw the posters. Vidya, who was planning to go to the nearby Vijay Nagar Police Station, was not allowed to play the publicity gimmick there, according to our sources. \"We will not allow them to indulge in any promotional activity,\" SSP Sai Manohar told us a day before she was to come down to the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12026136", "title": "Women cops to monitor institutes", "text": "AHMEDABAD: There is a silver lining to the terror unleashed by Sunny Suthar and his cronies.The Gandhinagar police have now decided to deploy women police to keep an eye over educational institutes in the capital city following the Sunny Suthar rampage at the Nift campus. Gandhinagar is slowly emerging as education hub of the state with a number of high-profile educational institutes set up in and around the state capital including National Institute of Design ( NID), National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIFT), Pandit Deendayal Petroleum University ( PDPU), Gujarat National Law University (GNLU), Gujarat Forensic Sciences University (GFSU) and Dhirubhai Ambani Institute of Information and Communication Technology (DA-IIICT) are amongst prominent ones in the capital.Archana Shivhare, superintendent of police, Gandhinagar, told TOI that the police chowky at Infocity is being strengthened with additional staff. \"We are concerned about safety of the students and especially girls. Thus, we have decided to post at least four women constables at Infocity so that they can address issues faced by girls. The team will review security of the campus areas in the city at a regular basis,\" she said.The city has 10 prominent educational institutes in six kilometre radius with more than 5,000 students, said senior police officials.As Gandhinagar police is battling with staff crunch, police have devised a plan to visit all major meeting points thronged by collegians at a regular intervals and keeping in touch with the institute security staff to address any incident of eve-teasing or harassment by outsiders.Officials also hinted at better system in place for the staff. as during the political season, more than half the staff goes into bandobast duty, leaving less than required staff to cope up with the routine crime and law and order issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "12026307", "title": "Man held for torturing 3-year-old stepson", "text": "JODHPUR: The police on Friday arrested a man whose brutal behaviour nearly pushed his three-year-old step son to the brink of death . The father had bitten the boy all over his body making him bleed and branded him with hot iron rods on Wednesday night.The badly bruised son was brought to Jodhpur by his mother, who managed to come out from her husband's custody. The kid is currently undergoing treatment at the Umaid Hospital here and is said to be traumatized. The father, identified as Kailash Jain, who had been absconding after the incident was arrested by police on Friday.\"We registered a case against him and arrested him from his village residence after recording the statements of his wife in Jodhpur\", said SP (Jalore) Rahuldan Bareth. Kailash is a quack and runs a clinic in Vaishala village in Jalore district illegally.According to Nidhi Jain, mother of the hapless boy (Sanyam), she was married to Kailash 10 years back. But soon he started misbehaving with her. \"I tolerated his atrocities for 4 years but when it became intolerable, I left the house with my son and came back to my parental house in Jodhpur\", said Nidhi.Here, she married someone else. But even this relationship could not last long. Nidhi had a son (Sanyam) from her second marriage too.She went back to her parent's place with her sons. \"When Kailash learnt about this a few months back he came to us and requested to take her back promising that everything would be fine,\" said Nidhi's brother Vijay Jain.However, things did not change between Kailash and Nidhi. \"He used to beat Sanyam mercilessly and kept him on very little food. While doing this, he used to push me into a room and lock it from outside\", Nidhi said. She said that on Wednesday night, he crossed all limits and bit and branded the child with hot rods.\"I somehow managed to flee with my sons and rushed to Jodhpur the same night. My parents took him to the hospital\", she added.Paediatrician Pramod Sharma, who is treating the three-year-old said the kid is suffering from malnutrition besides serious injuries including two fractures.\"We have also done two blood transfusions and are shifting him in ICU. The kid is absolutely traumatized and will take long to recover and be normal\", Sharma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12025990", "title": "CBI names retired IAF, Navy officials in housing scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI has registered a case against several officials of IAF and Naval Housing Board in connection with an alleged scam worth Rs 28 crore for building 300 farmhouses for serving and retired officers of the forces. The agency carried out searches at the premises of several retired officers and recovered incriminating documents.The agency, which registered a case against officials of AFNHB (Air Force and Naval Housing Board) and a private company for alleged fraudulent land deal in Haryana, carried searches at four premises in Delhi and nearby areas, CBI sources said.The residences of Air Vice Marshal (retd) K K Sangar (the then director general of the board), Commander (retd) P C Yadav (the then deputy director general of the board), Wing Commander (retd) V P Tandon (director-works of the board) and Dariyao Singh, owner of Shree Ganesh Estate and Constructions were searched during the exercise.\"It is alleged that K K Sangar and V P Tandon during 1996 selected the New Delhi-based Shree Ganesh Estate and Constructions for the purchase of land in village Kabulpur in Haryana and Motipur in Uttar Pradesh, its development and construction of 300 dwelling farm units at project site called 'Y' without verification of the title and physical location of the land,\" CBI spokesperson Dharini Mishra said.The CBI alleged that the officers showed undue favours to the private company resulting in loss of Rs 28 crore to the board and corresponding gain to themselves. \"After registration of the case, searches at the premises of officials and the private parties were conducted which resulted in recovery of several incriminating documents,\" the spokesperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "muzaffarnagar/meerut", "code": "12027263", "title": "Akhilesh urges voters to ensure BSP's defeat", "text": "MUZAFFARNAGAR/MEERUT: Samajwadi Party state president, Akhilesh Yadav alleged that the people of every class in the state suffered during the misrule of the Bahujan Samaj Party government which, out of vengeance, had filed fake cases against those who opposed the high-handedness of the government. He has asked the people to ensure the defeat of the BSP candidates by voting in favour of the SP candidates.Addressing the election meetings, Akhilesh said, \"In the BSP regime, farmers suffered the most, as they have not been given suitable prices for their produce. Women feel insecure owing to deteriorating law and order, while youngsters are frustrated due to shortage of jobs.\"He promised that if SP is voted to power, every effort would be made to remove employment else unemployment allowance would be given to the unemployed youths.Taking a dig at the 'new found love' of the Congress for the Muslims, the SP leader said that the Congress tried to cheat the Muslims in the name of giving them 4.5% reservation. \"This quota will not help the community in any way. The SP would give more reservation to the Muslims on the basis of the Sachar committee and Rangnath Mishra commission's reports,\" Akhilesh said.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12026288", "title": "Trucks can ply on B2 bypass: Supreme Court", "text": "JAIPUR: A division bench of Supreme Court on Friday ordered that status quo be maintained on plying of heavy vehicles on the B2 bypass.A bench of Justice D K Jain and Justice Anil R Dave transferred the case to the Rajasthan High Court and directed the traffic control board to submit at report on what basis they allowed vehicular movement in the area to the HC within 14 days.It also asked the high court to make SFS resident welfare society a party in the case while reviewing its decision.The court directed the traffic control board to consider representation, if any, received in pursuance to the order of the Supreme Court and review the utility of vehicular movement on the bypass.While not placing a ban on the heavy traffic movement, the bench was of the view that it is not for the court to decide which road is more useful for traffic movement when a traffic board is in existence under the JDA Act.\"The SC has transferred the case to the Rajasthan High Court for further hearing in which they have been asked to hear the SFS resident welfare society's version too,\" said N L Agarwal, counsel for the society.Mansarovar residents are viewing the court decision as an encouraging move. \"We are happy with the decision. On Monday, we will file the petition in high court and take this fight ahead. Since this time, we too will be party in the case, I hope for a positive outcome,\" said Abhay Purhoit, president of Mansarovar Vikas Manch.Government officials however, are sticking to their stand and claimed that the bypass is feasible for plying of heavy vehicles. \"I can't comment on the decision as I have not read the orders. However, all the arrangements to ensure smooth flow of traffic have already been made. The members of the board will sit and decide on the report that needs to be presented to the high court in a fortnight,\" said Rohit Mahajan DCP (traffic).The B2 Bypass has been in news ever since it was opened to heavy vehicles. Till now, five people have been killed in accidents on the bypass.An engineering student was killed on 8 February when his scooter was hit by a rashly driven truck coming from the opposite direction. Three people were killed on the road when a unchained container fell off a trolley truck on their car. Eye-witnesses said the truck had applied breaks suddenly due to a speed breaker on the road causing the unchained container to fall off.Rajasthan high court has taken a congizance on a PIL filed by one Ashok Swami wherein it was given out that a single judge bench of Justice Shiv Kumar Sharma in year 1996 has directed movement of heavy vehicles from Tonk to Ajmer via Sanganer Town but due to increasing number of accidents the court asked the State government to bring a by-pass which came in form of B-2 bypass that linked Tonk road with the new-sanganer road leading to Jaipur-Ajmer express by-pass at Chirakoot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12027606", "title": "Blood on streets: Goons thrash nightclub staffer", "text": "NEW DELHI: The city's culture of brazen violence surfaced once again when a group of armed men battered the chief security officer of a well known nightclub in the middle of the road in New Friends Colony, apparently because he had denied them entry to the club two nights ago. The attack took place in front of the five-star Surya Hotel.Two of the assailants were arrested on Friday. While one was identified as Anuj, the other's name could not be ascertained.The victim, 27-year-old Bhupender Nagar, was returning home after work at the Jynxx discotheque in The Hilton when the assailants in a Swift attacked him. The incident, which took place on February 13 around 6am, was captured on the CCTV cameras of Surya Hotel.In the footage, one of the assailants can be seen attacking Nagar with a 'pistol-like object'. Witnesses said the accused even fired in the air, a claim rejected by the police. Nagar had denied the accused free entry to Jynxx on February 11.In his statement to the police, Nagar said he was returning home in his friend's car when a Swift car tried to overtake him near the Kalkaji temple.\"Sensing danger, I asked my friend Sharad to speed up so we could seek police help.As we reached Surya Hotel, the Swift drew close. So I asked Sharad to take the car inside the hotel and save our lives (sic). But there was checking going on at the hotel gate and we could not enter,\" the victim said.As they stopped the car at the entrance of the hotel, men armed with baseball bats, sticks and rods came out of the Swift andbegan hitting the victim's car, smashing the windscreen and windows. \"One of the accused slammed my head on the road while the others began to hit my friends. I could only note down a part of the registration number - UP 13-0002. One my friends ran towards the police station but they chased him down and hit him as well,\" Nagar added.Meanwhile, passersby gathered on the road and one of them called the cops who rushed to the spot. The victims were rushed to Safdarjung Hospital. Hospital authorities said two of the victims had suffered grievous head injuries.Nagar has identified the attackers as they had targeted him earlier as well but it took police 11 days to make the first arrest. The victim identified thefour persons involved in the assault as Rocky, Vikas Chauhan,Maninder and Bobby.A statement from Jynxx said: \"A few days back, a group of 8-10 men tried to force entry into the nightclub. When they were stopped, they misbehaved with the staff. We were able to restrain them then but they later attacked our security officer who had stopped them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12026576", "title": "Ajit Pawar slams police chief", "text": "PUNE: Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar of the NCP on Friday said he was \"very upset\" over the incidents of violence following the civic polls in Pune and came down heavily on the Pune police commissioner.\"Does it mean that the top officer who has been entrusted with the job of maintaining law and order in the city is falling short...? If that is the case, we will need to have a different thought,\" Pawar told reporters on the sidelines of the party workers' meet here.\"Leaders of neither the NCP nor the Congress have ever pressurized the police. We have never intervened in such matters. The Pune police commissioner has been given full freedom. Yet, there have been incidents in which window panes of vehicles have been smashed and vehicles set on fire. I am very unhappy as these incidents create terror,\" Pawar said.When contacted, police commissioner Meeran Chadha Borwankar told TOI: \"I do not want to comment on this. We are doing our best.\"NCP supporters were involved in at least two of the post-poll incidents of violence in the city. In one incident, NCP members closed down a school and shops in the Katraj area and ransacked the Dhankawadi ward office. They were upset at the defeat of NCP candidate Ajit Babar in the polls.In the second incident at Sutarwadi, Pashan, local NCP man Aba Sutar and his supporters went on a rampage, ransacking several houses and smashing vehicles. They were upset that an independent candidate backed by Sutar had lost to the official NCP candidate Rohini Chimate.Meanwhile, Pawar said that NCP leaders are in discussions with city Congress leaders over the alliance in the Pune Municipal Corporation. \"But, still, I don't want to open my cards. Wait and watch,\" he said when asked about the power-sharing formula.Speaking at Thergaon earlier, Pawar said the state government will set up an institute similar to the Yashwantrao Chavan Academy of Development Administration at Tathawade in Pimpri-Chinchwad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12030211", "title": "CBI registers case in BSNL's WiMax franchise deal", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI on Saturday registered a fresh case in connection with alleged irregularities in awarding BSNL's Wimax franchise to a private firm, considered close to ex-telecom minister A Raja, and carried out searches across four cities.Nine teams of CBI officials searched the residences of Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL) officials and the officials of Starnet, the alleged beneficiary which got the franchise,in Delhi, Kolkata, Chennai and Gurgaon, CBI sources said.The agency has not named Raja in the present case, they said.It is alleged that Starnet Communication was given letter of intent for the WiMax franchise of BSNL for its six circles despite the fact that it was not eligible for the same and fudged its balancesheet to grab the deal.The eligibility conditions stipulated that the company should have a turn over of Rs 100 crore and above which was allegedly achieved by manipulation in the balancesheets by Starnet, the sources said.The anti-corruption watchdog Central Vigilance Commission has also found alleged irregularities in the allotment of franchise to Starnet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12026572", "title": "Customer wins battle of bills against Airtel", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai Suburban District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum recently ordered Bharti Airtel to pay Rs 15,000 as compensation to a Jogeshwari resident for sending him three bills though the SIM card was not activated. The forum also directed the company not to recover Rs 5,961 due under the three bills issued to Yogesh Patel.Stating that the company was guilty of deficiency in service, the forum said: \"From the material on record, we find that the opposite party (Bharti Airtel) failed to activate the SIM card of the complainant; but at the same time, the complainant received the bills regarding the same SIM card, which he had never used for making a call.\"In a complaint filed on March 30, 2009, Patel said he got a SIM on September 12, 2008, and paid Rs 99. He was told that the SIM would be activated within the next five days. However, the number was not activated and he could not make any calls using the SIM. When Patel contacted the company, he was told that the SIM had already been activated and it was in use. A call centre executive of the firm also informed him that calls had already been made from the number. On September 22, Patel requested Airtel to block the SIM.However, two days later, Patel got a bill of Rs 373. He then lodged a complaint about the bill and visited an Airtel gallery on Andheri-Kurla Road. He was told that the matter was under investigation.It was also revealed to Patel that the SIM activated in his name was not the one sent to him. Patel then told the company that he would not pay the bill as he had not used the SIM at all.However, on November 2, Patel received another bill of Rs 2,629. He again visited the gallery where he was assured that such an incident would not be repeated. But the matter did not end there as Patel got a third bill of Rs 2,959 at the end of November. Worse, Patel received a notice-dated December 12, 2008-from the company regarding legal proceedings for non-payment of dues. He then filed a complaint in the forum.Airtel filed an application for dismissal of the complaint on the grounds that the forum did not have the jurisdiction to decide the case. In September 2010, the plea was dismissed. The firm did not appear before the forum after this. The forum said Airtel had not offered any explanation regarding Patel's grievance and, as such, his version was not rebutted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12028169", "title": "Straighter new route to cut travel time by half an hour", "text": "MUMBAI: The proposed 12-km tunnel between Khopoli and Khandala exits of the Mumbai-Pune Expressway-which would also run under Bhushi Dam-may not just reduce travel time by half an hour, but also cut mishaps. For, it would ensure that traffic on the expressway and National Highway 4 do not coincide.State officials said the new tunnel , which is being pegged as an engineering marvel, will also pass under Bhushi Dam - almost 90 metres below the tip of the Sahyadri mountains - and thus provide a straight access to both Mumbai and Pune against the existing zigzag expressway and highway stretches.A traffic study conducted by the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) for the expressway says there would be huge congestion on the ghat section, where the old four-lane NH4 and new six-lane expressway merge, by 2020. This stretch continues for more than 21 km on the expressway.\"Mathematically, four lanes of the old Pune highway (NH4) plus six lanes of the expressway should merge to form a 10-lane road, but the 21-km expressway stretch between Khopoli and Khandala exits has just six lanes, which leads to congestion. Adding an eight-lane tunnel is thus a necessity for traffic ,\" said an official.However, the MSRDC engineers said vehicles will have to control their speed. \"Anyone exceeding the speed limit of 80 kmph in the tunnel could be even more dangerous than on the open road,\" said an official with the expressway's maintenance wing. According to sources, nearly 1,800 accidents have taken place on the expressway over the past 10 years, in which more than 450 persons have died.Nearly 25,000 vehicles take the expressway daily. According to the official, the 12-km stretch would not be made up entirely of a tunnel but two-three kilometers would be a viaduct to cross over from one mountain to another. The project will also involve widening of the NH4 towards Kalamboli and Shilphata to ensure easy access to the expressway traffic going towards Kalyan from Panvel end. Similar widening of NH4 will be done between Dehu cantonment and Nigadi areas towards Pune to offer wider access to those coming from the expressway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12026903", "title": "Golf Club brawl takes a 'stiff' turn", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Stiff conditions have been imposed for reinstatement of chairman of tournaments and handicapping committee, Capt G S Ghuman, who was suspended from membership and managing committee of the Chandigarh Golf Club in October 2011 when he was charged with having punched in the eye of honorary secretary Col (retd) H S Baidwan. In the meeting of managing committee (MC) on Wednesday, Ghuman's letter to CGC seeking his return to the Club was deliberated upon. He was barred from entering the club after Col Baidwan filed a DDR with local police on October 16, 2011. \"Ghuman has offered regrets for the incident to the MC and Baidwan. He has given an undertaking that he will never contest elections to the managing committee. He has also offered to withdraw case he has filed against the club if his membership is reinstated. However, the MC decided that his membership would be restored after he shows us evidence of having withdrawn the case.The MC is also seeking legal opinion on whether to seek reimbursement from Ghuman for legal expenses incurred by the club and also recovering cost of four passes that Ghuman had wrongly issued for the club's 2011 New Year party. The total cost works out to nearly Rs 75,000.\"After taking a decision on this, we will take up the issue of reinstatement of membership,\" CGC president Malvinder Singh told TOI.Malvinder also confirmed that the MC had restored membership of sacked joint director at the Academy of Golf, Ajay Gujral, who had written a series of emails from fake identities targetting and abusing a section of the MC. \"However, Gujral will have to furnish a certificate of psychological fitness from the PGIMER as he is suffering from bi-polar depression and he is not fit enough to handle children's coaching,\" said Malvinder.Ghuman said he had met most of the members of the MC, except Baidwan, and they were agreeable to his return to the club. He added that he was stiffly opposed to the condition of reimbursing expenses. \"The conditions that I agreed to, and gave an undertaking in writing to that effect, did not include reimbursement. Why should I reimburse the expenses when I have been victimized by a section of the MC. As far as the issue of wrong passes is concerned, there were other prominent members of the then MC led by B S Gill, who got New Year passes issued against dependants when they have no children. I will expose them and I have collected the documentary evidence. Most of the actions against me have been back-dated and even my son, Shakti, was targetted with a frivolous complaint that came after four months of the incident,\" Ghuman alleged.The CGC had set up two inquiries to look into Ghuman's conduct vis-a-vis the altercation with Col Baidwan and also the New Year passes controversy. Both inquiry panels had not recommended the expulsion of Ghuman from the club.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12026833", "title": "Senior citizen killed in road accident", "text": "Seventy one year old Ramesh Burkule, a rsident of of Siddhi Vinayak Bungalow, Indiranagar was killed in a road accident. According to the complaint lodged by Pushapalata Burkule at the Indiranagar police station.Ramesh Burkule was crossing the road near Bapu bungalow, Vadala-Pathardi Road, at around 7 pm on Wednesday when a speeding biker hit him and fled the scene. Indiranagar police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12027802", "title": "Delhi, Dhaka on trade train", "text": "Kotak Mahindra Bank is the latest Indian firm to line up to be part of the growing India-Bangladesh trade and investment story. The private sector lender has sought permission from the authorities across the border to set up a joint venture with Abdul Mehtab Ahmed, a local businessman.A Kotak Mahindra spokesperson told ToI that the move is in line with the bank's growth strategy. But any banking analyst would tell you that banks typically follow companies to meet their funding requirements. What they leverage is their existing ties.With over 100 Indian companies already in Bangladesh, it is not surprising that the country is on the banking radar. From Bharti Airtel , which has invested close to $1 billion, to the AV Birla Group, Arvind Mills and Sun Pharma and even smaller players who make fans, plastic products and garments, several Indian players are sensing an opportunity across the border.After all, trade ties have improved, which is evident in better trade numbers. In the first six months of the current financial year trade has increased to around $1.7 billion from $1.56 billion in April-September 2011. Although exports from India have increased marginally to $1.4 billion, imports have gone up 85% to $290 million from around $160 million a year ago. The target is to increase trade to $1 billion this year.\"The terms of trade are still tilted in India's favour but we expect this to improve significantly in the coming years,\" says an official.Within this it is textiles and raw jute imports that have seen a steep rise. Raw jute imports from Bangladesh rose over 500% to $54 million, while readymade garment imports rose nearly three-fold from $8 million in the first half of 2010-11 to $22 million during April-September 2011. Import of made-ups of textiles also increased to $27 million.India had offered tariff concessions as well as dutyfree import quotas to Bangladesh to boost trade ties. Numbers indicate that cotton fabric and yarn exports from India rose around 22% to $350 million, indicating that ties with garment makers across the border were improving.The concessions given on export of textiles are beginning to have an impact and there is already a clamour for protection from Bangladesh, which is now among the largest textiles exporters. Indian officials, however, dismissed suggestions that import of textiles from Bangladesh were affecting the local industry, saying the local market was worth nearly $35 billion (Rs 1.82 lakh crore).But officials from both sides recognize that there are several bottlenecks, starting with the pile-up of trucks at the border.Anyone who has visited the Petrapole or the Akhaura border with Bangladesh would tell you that a long queue of trucks on either side of the border is a common sight.\"India has worked on improving the border but we need to upgrade the customs facility. There are very few officers to clear the consignments,\" says a Bangladesh government official. There are other irritants too such as the absence of money changers at the border.\"On both sides, infrastructure is a big issue,\" adds another official.While work at Petrapole is underway for an integrated check post, they say often the attitude of the customs officials at the border posts impacts trade. \"There are not enough senior officers and often one can find that the officers who are there are not well versed in the latest notifications. This delays trade enormously,\" said one official. Adding to the problem is the lack of quarantine officers to take care of farm exports and imports. But some progress is visible as ties between the two countries improve.New posts are scheduled to come up Agartala, Dawki, Hili, Chandrabangha, Sutarkhandi and Kawarpuchiah. Simultaneously, eight land customs stations are also coming up with the two projects together expected to cost over Rs 600 crore.There are border haats too which permit weekly trade in select local goods. This is a move aimed at building confidence on both sides of the border and increasing peopleto-people contact.While the bonhomie is visible, there are several decisions that can help bolster ties. For instance, Bangladesh is sitting on proposals to permit Indian companies to get goods and raw material delivered at the Chittagong and Mongla ports and then transport then through the North East. That's linked to the deal on Teesta.Politics apart, there are trade irritants too, which Bangladesh terms as non-tariff barriers. For instance, both countries have productwise restrictions on entry of consignments at various entry points.Bangladesh is also willing to open up more to Indian companies. They have said they are willing to offer one or two special economic zones to Indian companies. So far there has been no takers but expectations are that the plan will soon take off.Bangladesh officials say the potential for raising bilateral trade is immense. Both sides have recognized the potential and it is upto the policymakers to seize the initiative to nurture the relationship which analysts say can accelerate the pace of regional integration in South Asia and transform the lives of people living along the India-Bangladesh border.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12026230", "title": "City's biggest theatre fest draws 300 performers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Unfolding in an urban drawing room, the protagonist takes refuge behind his easel and paints, as other actors play a game of bridge. Filled with dark humour, 'Collaborator' by Sahbdakaar, a theatre group from Mumbai, was the opening play at the Ahmedabad Theatre Festival 2012 (ATF 2012).\"We chose this script by Ramu Ramanathan which reflects an urban life that has stopped questioning society.\" said director Rasika Agashe. Being conducted for the first time, ATF reiterates the belief of the organizers, Budhan Theatre - 'Theatre alone cannot change the world, but it definitely has the power to initiate change.'However, the idea is to not only convey social messages but also expose Ahmedabad to experimental theatre. Thus there are plays in Hindi, English, Marathi, Bangla, Bhojpuri, Illahabadi and Gujarati, with around 300 theatre and folk artists participating from all over India.\"This is a gift from us, Charras, to the city, which for 14 years has being seeing and encouraging our plays,\" said Daksin Chharra, a member of the Budhan group. \"Used as an agent for social and political expression, theatre has changed the stigmatized identity of our Chhara community. So, now it is our turn to give back to the field of theatre through ATF.\"He added that the festival has not been limited to auditoriums alone but has been extended to various communities of Ahmedabad.Excited about the festival are also the art students, who thronged the venue. \"This is the first time that such a theatre festival has been organized in the state,\" said Bansari Shah, an art student from the city. \"I am able to see plays from Surat, Mumbai, Pune and other parts of the country which was not possible otherwise.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12026759", "title": "Rs 71 cr likely for waste management", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation had made a provision Rs 70.94 crore in its 2012-13 draft budget for solid waste management and completion of scientific capping of the landfill site at Urali-Phursungi.\"Solid waste management is the top priority and we hope to complete majority of the capping and related work at Urali Devachi by the end of March 2013,\" municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak said.Segregation of garbage at source has been a major issue in the city for long. The civic budget 2012-13 has proposed to set up squads for strict implementation of garbage segregation at source. The squads will be empowered to charge fine from those who do not segregate dry and wet garbage. At present only 30 to 40 per cent garbage is being segregated in Pune.Admitting that a lot more needs to be done, an official involved in garbage management work at PMC said, \"The civic body is now working towards scientific closure of the landfill site at Urali-Phursungi. The capping work has already begun. However, the most challenging job is to segregate waste at source, which cannot become a reality without public support. The gasification plant, which has become functional on trial basis, can take only segregated waste. If segregation is not done, the plant may break down.\"A decentralised model is the only sustainable solution for effective solid waste management. The budget proposes to acquire land in different parts of the city to set up garbage processing plants.The city generates around 1,400 to 1,600 tonne garbage everyday. The plant at Urali-Phursungi processes 1,000 tonne garbage, while two vermicompost plants and the biogas plants take care of around 300 to 400 tonne garbage. But a sizable portion of daily generation of garbage remains unprocessed, resulting in outright burning of waste at some places, while in some other places garbage gets lifted only on alternate days.A spot visit by TOI, along with officials from the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board, a few months ago had revealed that two vermicompost facilities, set up by the PMC at Ramtekdi and Hadapsar to process 200 tonnes of wet garbage every day, were functioning far below their capacity.The civic budget has also proposed to install 15 new biogas plants with the capacity of five tonne each. Besides, it also makes provision for setting up solid waste based power plants. Purchase of new garbage vehicles is also on the cards. The budget also intends to set up a separate system for e-waste management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "kolkata/bangalore", "code": "12027555", "title": "Wipro silent on land payment, expansion in state", "text": "KOLKATA/BANGALORE: IT giant Wipro Technologies is maintaining silence on its plans to pay the remaining amount to the state government for its 50-acres plot in Rajarhat. Despite state commerce &amp; industries and IT minister Partha Chatterjee's comment a couple of days ago that the IT biggie should first clear its dues, the top officials of the company chose to remain reticent about this issue.Wipro bought 50 acre for Rs 75 crore from Housing Infrastructure Development Corp (Hidco) in Rajarhat and paid the first tranche of Rs 18.90 crore, which is 25% of the total amount, on January 1, 2010. But the company is still to pay the remaining amount. Wipro has not got the possession of the land yet.When contacted by TOI, Wipro vice-president and business head Hariprasad Hegde refused to comment on the company's payment plans. The company also chose to stay mum on the expansion in Bengal.It may be noted that while Wipro has sought for SEZ status for its project, the government is in-principle against special economic zone in the state. \"I cannot give them SEZ status,\" Chatterjee had said.The minister categorically said the government will only discuss about SEZ once the company clears its dues. The state government recently clarified that it cannot approve SEZ, but it will recommend to the Centre to grant some tax sops to the two priced IT projects - Wipro and Infosys - in the state.In a meeting with the state ministers a few months ago, Wipro's chairman Azim Premji had said the company plans to invest Rs 700-800 crore for its second campus, which would generate employment for 15,000 people. Its present unit, spread across 14.5 acre, was inaugurated in 2004. During that time, it entailed an investment of Rs 112 crore over a period of time. According to Hidco, similar plots now costs around Rs 12-15 crore per acre. Now, any 50-acre plot in that location will cost around Rs 600-750 crore. It is unlikely that the IT biggies will give up such plots, which it has got at a throw-away price.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12025305", "title": "CBI registers two cases against WCL officials", "text": "NAGPUR: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has registered a couple of cases against misappropriation of coal stock in the Ballarpur area of Western Coalfields Limited (WCL) on Friday. The accused include an officer of general manager rank, A Ajmi, and his subordinate T Jha, who quit the company as sub-area manager, and V V Ramnia, a mines manager. Ajmi is also named in another case, with two other two managers, KC Sahu and John Varkee, as the co-accused.Embezzlement of coal stock worth Rs 1.3 crore and Rs 54 lakh is estimated to have taken place in the two cases respectively, which pertain to two different mines in the area. However, no arrests have been made so far. Coal embezzlement is a common problem in WCL, which usually leads to stocks being diverted to the black market for a premium. Last year too the CBI had registered two such cases.The CBI action comes after the vigilance department forwarded the case to the agency following a recommendation by the central vigilance commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "aldona", "code": "12028129", "title": "Drowned in sorrow, Dias family may leave Calvim", "text": "ALDONA: The Dias family that lost two of its members in the tragedy at Calvim last Saturday may return to Mumbai, the city they had left three years ago after suffering losses due to the 2005 flood. The mother and son had escaped a watery death then, but fate willed otherwise and took the two girls Dyna and Elvina last Saturday.\"I don't know whether I will stay back in Goa now after losing my two daughters in the tragedy,\" Antonette Dias still in shock after her two children died in the accident, told TOI on Friday at her house in Calvim. \"I lost my two daughters,\" she repeated and fell silent for a while. Her husband Evaristo sat beside her, grieving in silence.The Dias family relocated to Goa in 2008, but had Evaristo stayed on in Mumbai, working in a hotel as room attendant and earning to feed the family.Antonette said the family survived an earlier tragedy. \"My son Evan, who was in the Class I at that time, was floating in water in the 2005 Mumbai flood. He would have drowned but a tailor from the area dragged him out and saved his life. This time the waters took away my daughters,\" Antonette said.She added that during the Mumbai flood, Elvina was in kindergarten but reached home safe from school.\"During the flood in Mumbai, I was staying in a rented house and the water level reached up to my neck, I would have drowned in that flood but a neighbour pulled me out from the house, otherwise I would have lost my life,\" she added.Antonette, who doesn't keep good health, said she used to go to Aldona daily to pick up her daughters and travel in the same bus (Shree Ganesh). \"On Saturday I went to Pernem to pick up my son who is in the boarding at Don Bosco High School in Tuem, otherwise I would have also been in that bus,\" she said.Antonette and Evaristo hope this accident will serve to avoid such accidents in the future. \"The driver of the bus should be punished to avoid such incidents in the future and also not repeat such incidents with other children,\" the Dias couple said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12027152", "title": "Host of welfare schemes mark Jayalalithaa\u2019s birthday", "text": "TRICHY: As part of the state wide celebrations of chief minister J Jayalalithaa's 64th birthday, her Srirangam constituency in Trichy district witnessed a number of functions including an event of eating 'man soru' (eating the food served on mother earth) here on Friday.AIADMK cadres including the minister of school education and youth welfare NR Sivapathy were involved in making arrangements to conduct special welfare programmes for the public in the wake of an appeal from Jayalalithaa not to celebrate her birthday in a grand manner.A team of 20-odd party cadres headed by Othakadai V Senthil, a branch treasurer expressed their gratefulness to Jayalalithaa by eating food served on mother earth in Sri Vazhividu Murugan temple near the Trichy railway junction and prayed for her long life. Senthil said that he had been celebrating her birthday for the past three years in such a manner. Besides that he offered food for others as well. NR Sivapthy on behalf of the Jayalalithaa Peravai presented golden rings to six babies who were born on Friday at the Annal Gandhi memorial government hospital in Trichy.The Apollo hospital in Madurai also conducted a mega-medical camp in Somarasampettai in Srirangam constituency and a large number of patients turned up for the camp. A team of 150 doctors and 300 paramedical staff provided treatment to patients.Meanwhile, the Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowment department (HR&CE;), Trichy celebrated the by offering food in 64 temples chief minister's birthday.Other special events organized by the district administration and the Trichy corporation included a tree plantation drive near Mambalasalai in Srirangam, a mass cleaning drive in front of Sriranganathar temple, the inauguration of a special ward at Srirangam government hospital, a three-day technical exhibition of animal husbandry and fisheries department at the Srirangam boys higher secondary school and a Tamil literature festival at the junction of west and south chithrai streets in Srirangam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12027154", "title": "Dept ill-equipped to handle forest fires", "text": "KOZHIKODE: With summer heat fast picking up, the risk of fire breaking out in state's forests is enormous. However, the forest department does not have enough funds to take preventive measures to protect the 11,309 sq km of our forest cover. Strangely, the department still fights fires in the old crude way -- physically beating it out with leafy tree branches or shreds of discarded tyres tied to long poles.Many incidents of forest fires have already been reported from several parts of Wayanad and Palakkad districts. Fifteen hectors of forest land, part of the Muthanga wildlife sanctuary, was gutted in a fire on Wednesday. Over 70 hectors of forest at Kollangode in Palakkad caught fire in the last two days.According to D K Verma, chief conservator of forests (North), there have been 35 incidents of forest land (75 hectares) in northern districts catching fire this year.As is obvious from its mode of fighting fire, the forest department lacks modern fire fighting gear as well as form and gas-based fire extinguishers. All terrain vehicles are also in short supply.\"There have been talks of acquiring a helicopter to boost the department's fire fighting prowess. But the idea has not materialized because of the huge cost and technical overheads involved. The extremely difficult forest terrain is also a limiting factor. Forest fire is a natural calamity. To prevent it completely, large funds would be needed,\" said Raja Raja Varma, principle chief conservator of forests.The main fire prevention activity the department carries out before the annual `fire season' (January to April), is preparing a 5.2 metre wide fire line by burning or removing all inflammable materials along the perimeter of the forest. But even this activity has been hampered by the rise in labour costs.\"The labour cost for laying one km of protective fire line used to be Rs 6,500. But this has gone up to Rs 13,000. That's a 100 per cent increase; but the annual budget allocation for forest protection has risen only by 25%,\" said K P Ouseph, assistant principal chief conservator of forests (Development).According to Ouseph, the department only has a budget of Rs 8.75 crore for forest protection. With this money, it has to maintain forest stations, pay field staff salary, meet running expenses of vehicles as well as undertake fire prevention measures.N K Sasidharan, chief conservator of forests, Eastern Circle, said 100% of forest fires in the state were man-made. Fire spreads from thrown cigarette butts, and activities involving hooch brewing and poaching. Certain activities by tribal people also cause fire. Then there are people who intentionally set forest areas on fire.Causing forest fire is a punishable offence under the Kerala Forest Act and Wildlife Protection Act. Penalty ranges from one to five years in jail and fine from Rs 1,000 to 5,000 under the Forest Act; it can be three years in jail and a fine of up to Rs 25,000 under the Wildlife Protection Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12028210", "title": "Be ready to pay Expressway toll till 2030, not 2020", "text": "Be prepared to pay toll on the Mumbai-Pune Expressway for 10 more years, till 2030 instead of the earlier 2020 cut-off .The toll period is likely to be extended to recover the cost of a proposed road tunnel project . The state has decided to take up the project to tackle growing traffic congestion on the expressway - especially on the 21-km ghat section between its Khopoli exit towards Mumbai and the Khandala exit near Sinhagad Institute towards Pune. A traffic study indicates that by 2019, the expressway will see heavy congestion , especially on the 21-km stretch.The proposed 12-km tunnel would not only offer decongestion and safety - provided vehicles control their speed - but also reduce travel time by half an hour, thus speeding up Panvel-Pune connectivity by road to just an hour. The 95-km expressway starts from Panvel and ends near Kiwale on the fringes of Pune. Vehicles currently cover this stretch in an hour and a half, to two hours.For cars and SUVs, the current one-way toll amount is Rs 165, which is to rise to Rs 195 in April 2014 and Rs 230 in 2017. Travellers would have paid Rs 230 toll as the final amount till 2020, but the addition of 10 years would take it to Rs 270 in March 2020 and finally Rs 320 in March 2023. The last hike of Rs 320 would continue till April 2030. \"We do not know the actual cost of the tunnel and we still have to pay a Rs 1,250 crore loan against the expressway's construction. By 2030, we hope to recover both,\" said a source.\"The Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation has planned to carve out a 12-km tunnel in the Sahyadri mountain range between the Khopoli and Khandala ends, to facilitate another eight-lane straight road to Pune. The present zigzag six-lane stretch falls short of handling the huge traffic on the expressway as well as the National Highway 4 (NH4) as both the roads merge in this section, leading to congestion ,\" said a senior state official .\"Once built, the new eightlane tunnel route will become a part of the expressway while the existing six-lane expressway track will be made a part of the old Mumbai-Pune National Highway 4; thus traffic would be bifurcated to achieve decongestion. Accidents mostly occur on this stretch as it also gets several traffic exits and entries from Lonavala, Khandala and Khopoli; it sees heavy movement of cross-traffic as well,\" said a source.\"Had this new tunnel project not been taken up, MSRDC would have ended the toll recovery in 2019 as it would be sufficient to pay loans and other expenditure incurred in building the expressway in 2000. From 2020, the toll would have come down to a negligible Rs 30, which is needed for maintenance.\"Tunnel visionProject |12km eight-lane road tunnel in the Sahyadri terrain between the Khopoli and Khandala ends of the Mumbai-Pune ExpresswayDetailsTunnel will help commuters avoid the 21km congested ghat section between Khopoli and Khandala where NH4 and expressway meet and merge It will not just offer more safety, but also reduce travel time by half an hour - thus capping Panvel-Pune travel time to just one hour Estimated project cost: Between 2,500 crore and 3,000 croreStatusTunnel construction would take a minimum of four to five years Preliminary technical and environmental feasibility study has been done; detailed study's underway Project has been submitted to state environment committee for clearance No extra toll for tunnel, but toll recovery period is likely to be extended by 10 years", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12026370", "title": "Income tax raids on arms dealer Suresh Nanda", "text": "NEW DELHI: Income tax officials on Friday carried out searches at various premises of Delhi-based businessman and defence dealer Suresh Nanda, including at the Claridges hotel owned by him.Nanda had temporarily shifted his residence to Claridges but on the day of the raid he slipped out in a similar fashion like in 2007 when a raiding party failed to lay their hands on him. Sources said he has left for London while raids continued late in the night on Friday.Nanda's residences at Prithviraj Road, Defence Colony and his properties in New Delhi and Mumbai were searched. The I-T department refused to divulge details.A close associate of Nanda, besides his family members, were the target during Friday's raids. Some of his transactions in London have been on the radar of investigative agencies. Nanda is believed to have purchased properties in UK among other places. Sources said he was in negotiations for a five-star property in Mumbai.The I-T department had been keeping a close watch on Nanda's financial transactions as it had specific information about the defence dealer's earnings abroad and the money he had allegedly brought into the country through hawala.Nanda is already facing a CBI case in the Barak defence deal in which he is alleged to have paid Rs 2 crore to former Samata Party chief Jaya Jaitly at the then defence minister George Fernandes's official residence.In October 2006, Nanda and three other defence dealers had come under investigation after the CBI raided their premises for their alleged role as middlemen in various defence deals, including the Barak missile deal.This is not the Nanda family's first brush with controversy. Nanda, a former Navy officer and son of former Navy chief Admiral S M Nanda, is named in at least three different CBI FIRs.In October 2006, CBI filed an FIR naming Suresh Nanda among others alleging huge kickbacks in the purchase of Barak missiles from Israel for the Indian Navy. In the same month, Nanda was named in another FIR, in the purchase of Armoured Recovery Vehicles. Nanda was termed an agent for one of the bidders, and was accused of accepting commission from the company.Nanda and his son Sanjeev were arrested on March 8, 2008 along with their chartered accountant Vipin Shah and income tax officer Ashutosh Verma in an alleged bribery case. Verma was handling the income tax investigation against the Nanda family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12026933", "title": "Modi raises tax on tobacco", "text": "PATNA: To build on revenue receipts further, builders operating in the state would have to pay 1% tax under a compounding scheme on the total sale value of residential and commercial complexes.Besides, three categories of brick-kiln dealers, who used to pay annual tax of Rs 60,000, Rs 80,000 and Rs 1 lakh, would now have to pay 15% more. Similarly, Modi raised the current tax on tobacco and tobacco products from 13.5% to 20%. Moreover, as part of compounding scheme, the tax paid by work contractors has been increased from 4% to 5%. He said that the tax payable by work contractor had been raised, because the state did not have any tax slab of 4%.Given the rising pollution in towns in view of the high number of motorcycles and fourwheelers, additional levies have been imposed on them to provide funds to finance pollution mitigating measures, Modi said, adding the levy would be 6% on motorcycles of all values, apart from 6% on cars costing less than Rs 4 lakh and 7% on all cars costing more than Rs 4 lakh. Besides, dealers of motorcycles and chassis of heavy and other vehicles would have to pay respective trade tax of Rs 150, Rs 250 and Rs 200 per annum.For relief to consumers, Modi lowered entry tax on raw tobacco from 8% to 4% to curb its diversion. Besides, items such as 'jhaadu', 'kaajal', 'mehndi', 'makhana', 'sewai', dry 'singhada', flour of 'singhada' and 'ramdana' have been exempted from tax. Earlier, the tax levied on 'makhana' was 5% and that on other items 13.5%.The Rs 100 fee payable on VAT registration, too, has been removed. The rate of central sales tax payable on interstate sales by tiny and micro sector units would be reduced from 2% to 1%.Moreover, 'dharmshalas', marriage halls and community halls run by charitable non-profit making bodies have been exempted from luxury tax.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12026811", "title": "Dog bylaws lack bite: 500 cases reported every month", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The poor enforcement of dog bylaws by civic body has been putting the lives of the residents in danger as records reveal that over 400 to 500 cases of dog bites in a month come to city-based anti-rabies dispensary, out of which maximum are from Chandigarh. Though, Chandigarh MC passed the dog bylaws around one-and-half years back, but these just remain on paper.One of the most crucial clauses of the dog bylaws was to construct a dog pound where stray dogs would be kept and given special care, but the pound has not been constructed till date despite various discussions on the issue in MC's general house meetings. This despite the fact that from last many years the specific clause is being put in the annual financial budget with a specific amount to construct the project, but nothing concrete in this regard has been done till date.According to records, in 2011 anti rabies dispensary of the city received total 4,724 cases of dog bites from Tricity, maximum being from Chandigarh. \"The civic body doesn't have any population survey of stray dogs and avoid doing anything to control stray dogs, despite organizing sterilization camps once a while, which is just an eyewash. Besides, authorities don't have proper staff to manage things and maximum people have been kept on contract basis, who don't bother much about the gravity of the situation,\" said an official of MC, who declined to be named.When asked, municipal commissioner Sunil Bhatia said, \"As per rules and policy, after sterilization of dogs we have to leave them back from where they were picked. As far as issue of dog pound is concerned we are searching for proper land for the project.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12028108", "title": "15-year-old kept in 'solitary confinement' at Apna Ghar", "text": "PANAJI: When criminals are not placed in solitary confinement, a 15-year-old child in need of care and shelter was kept in a separate room and not allowed to interact with other children in the state run home, Apna Ghar. He was one of the three children who went on a rampage and vandalized the child welfare committee's (CWC) offices and the dormitory on Wednesday.The matter came to light after an NGO ARZ member met the minor on February 16, 2012. After the meeting, Arun Pandey from ARZ wrote to CWC, South Goa, members, stating, \"I met (child's name withheld) yesterday (16/02/2012) at Apna Ghar in the presence of Apna Ghar counselor Allen. During the meeting (the child) shared that he is kept in a separate room alone. He has requested for being allowed to stay with other children. He also shared that, he is not being allowed to meet and interact with other children in the institution. He further stated that, he feels scared staying alone.\"\"We are concerned about the way (the child) is being treated at Apna Ghar. This is a gross violation of child rights being committed by Apna Ghar. We would request you to intervene in the matter and arrange for him to stay with the other children of the institution,\" the letter added.CWC looks into issues of children in need of care and shelter lodged in the state run home.Speaking to TOI Pandey said, \"Even in jail, inmates are not kept in solitary confinement. The child told me he was kept in a separate room for the previous 10 days. It is a gross violation of child rights and an inquiry should be conducted as to who ordered the child's solitary confinement. It is a serious offence committed by those responsible for care, protection and rehabilitation of the child. Serious action should be taken against the concerned staff or CWC member.\"Sources said the boy has been in solitary confinement for the last few days and is now admitted in the institute of psychiatry and human behaviour. The institute doesn't have a separate room for children and kids are admitted along with adults for treatment.No comment was forthcoming from CWC, South Goa members. An SMS was sent to two members, who are child activists, for comments, but there was no response.Confirming this new trend of keeping children in solitary confinement or in a separate room in Apna Ghar, juvenile justice board (JJB) member Auda Veigas said, \"The present CWC and JJB members agreed to be on the panels, knowing very well that the children lodged at Apna Ghar are victims of unfortunate circumstances and we need to be sensitive towards them. Unfortunately, now even child activists who are CWC members are towing the government line and instead of helping these children are punishing them, in violation of the Juvenile Justice Act.\"Child activists are shocked with this emerging trend. CWC Mumbai suburban member Vikas Kadam said, \"If a child is kept alone in a separate room, then it shows the failure of the CWC members as they have to visit the children and ensure that the atmosphere in the home where a child is kept is conducive for their stay. If a child in our house does some mischief, do we keep them in a separate room or do we try to help them?\"\"There are other ways of dealing with a child and keeping a child alone in separate room is definitely not a solution and is in violation of the JJ Act,\" National Commission For Protection of Child Rights, Delhi, member Vinod Kumar Tikoo said.Apna Ghar sources said the teenager's ordeal began after his mother remarried. \"She started ill-treating him after she delivered a daughter, as her husband didn't want the boy to stay with them at home. Because of the ill-treatment meted out by his step father and mother, he ran away from home to Delhi,\" sources said. Delhi police brought him to Goa and put him in Apna Ghar.CWC later released the child into the custody of his uncle, who is allegedly involved in criminal activities. \"The child again ran away to Bangalore and the police brought him to Apna Ghar. CWC handed over the child to the mother, but he was forced to leave home. He was found by Hyderabad police, who brought him to Goa and put him in Apna Ghar, where he was put in a separate room and not allowed to meet other children,\" sources added. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12026675", "title": "Opposition seeks health minister's ouster over hooch tragedy", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state Assembly on Friday witnessed uproarious scenes over the recent toxic alcohol tragedy that claimed at least 40 lives in Cuttack and Khurda districts. The Opposition Congress demanded resignation of health minister Prasanna Acharya on the ground that it was spurious medicine that caused the deaths. The state government said the death toll has touched 40.The issue, which was discussed both during Question Hour and Zero Hour, saw Leader of Opposition Bhupinder Singh lamblast the ruling BJD. He said 40 innocent lives were lost due to the negligence of the health department. \"As certain medicines tested positive for methanol, it was the duty of the health minister to own responsibility,\" Singh said, seeking Acharya's ouster.The Congress' strategy to demand Acharya's scalp seemed obvious as A U Singhdeo stepped down as excise minister owing moral responsibility in the aftermath of the tragedy.Joining Singh, other Congress members created pandemonium in the House. Kantabanji MLA S S Saluja said that the health minister should quit as it was proved that the deceased consumed medicines with high alcohol content. During Question Hour, the Congress members even trooped to the well of the House to lodge their protest against the government's 'failure' to prevent liquor tragedies.NCP legislature party leader Amar Prasad Satpathy alleged the drugs controller utterly failed to prevent circulation of spurious medicines in the state.The health minister, attempting to put up a brave front, tried to blame the Centre. He said the Centre was not amending the Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940, thereby allowing the pharmaceutical companies to manufacture medicines having alcohol content.Acharya said the state government in the past attempted to ban manufacture and sale of alcohol content medicines, but it failed to stop their circulation due to lack of provision under the Drugs and Cosmetics Act. \"The pharmaceutical companies tried to stall the government ban by securing orders from judicial courts,\" the minister said. The state government, he added, twice banned manufacture of such alcohol containing medicines in 1989 and 2002, but pharmaceutical companies successfully nullified it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12025690", "title": "47,000 schools in state have no toilets", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state assembly may have discussed the lack of toilets in government schools in the state on Friday, but the reality on the ground seems to be worse. It turns out that almost 47,000 of the 76,000 government schools across Andhra Pradesh do not have toilets or provide drinking water.As per the website of the state government-run project Sarva Siksha Abhiyan (SSA), 53,801 primary, upper primary and higher secondary schools have no toilet facility for girls. 35,326 schools do not have toilet facilities for anybody.When the matter of minimum conveniences not being provided in the government schools was brought to the notice of the Supreme Court in September last year, the apex court directed the states to provide water and sanitation facility in all schools by the end of November 2011. A bench headed by Justice D K Jain directed all the governments to take immediate steps regarding this and file their compliance report before the deadline fixed by it.Andhra Pradesh is far from compliance with the SC directive. A Sarva Siksha Abhiyan official claimed that of the total 76,000 government schools in the state, toilet facilities do not exist in 8300 of them. \"We have provided temporary arrangements in these schools and permanent structures will be constructed by March, 2012,\" he said. However, according to a Unicef-backed survey conducted by NGO Pratham in 2010-11, the situation is even more dismal in Andhra Pradesh. About 42.6 per cent of the government schools in the state have toilets but they are not usable, it said.\"As per our estimates, over 47,000 government schools in AP do not have toilet facilities,\" said R Venkata Reddy, national education coordinator for MV Foundation, an NGO.According to Venkat Reddy, the disparity between the claims of the state in providing toilets and what they have found in reality is because of the definition of a toilet. \"The state government identifies any structure as toilet. But in reality, they are not usable because of lack of maintenance or lack of water. Students shudder to enter these places, but they have no option,\" he said.\"Our schools demonstrate complete lack of sensitivity towards the problems of the students from the poorer section. In fact, in the building plans of many schools, no provision is made for toilets,\" Venkat Reddy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12025716", "title": "Haryana government to act tough on illegal sale of drugs", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Fearing misuse of drugs, the state government on Friday said it would take stringent action against chemists found guilty of selling schedule H drugs without valid prescription.\"Schedule H drugs cannot be sold without prescription and we will take strict action against those found violating the norms,\" parliamentary affairs minister Randeep Singh Surjewala informed the state Assembly. As many as 30 raids have been conducted so far to see if such drugs were being sold without prescription. The opposition had raised the issue of alleged misuse of drugs, in particular some cough syrups, by the youths, citing their easy availability at the chemists' shops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "12028183", "title": "MP against toll collection", "text": "BELGAUM: MP Suresh Angadi has written a letter to Vijay Razak, CEO of Cantonment Board of Belgaum (CBB), demanding immediate stoppage of collection of vehicle entry fee from commercial vehicles.CBB has been collecting fee from vehicles since a week at seven points.Angadi said CBB did not consult MPs of the district in this regard. He sought an explanation on the initiative.Angadi said the CBB did not consult the MPs of the district in this regard. He also wanted to know under what act was the decision taken and if any other Cantonment Board in the country is collecting toll fee.Angadi instructed CBB to stop collecting the toll till the matter is resolved at the MPs meeting. CBB has been collecting toll under police protection following protests by various organizations. CBB has seven wards in the city and most of the major roads pass though this area. Around Rs 12 lakh revenue is expected from the toll collection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12028154", "title": "Railway blocks may upset your travel plans this Sunday", "text": "MUMBAI: Passengers may be inconvenienced this Sunday as the Western Railway (WR) will carry out a jumbo block for maintenance work between Santa Cruz and Mahim stations.Train services will not ply on the Up and Down lines (fast tracks) between 10.35am and 3.35pm on Sunday. A WR spokesperson said that during this period, all fast trains (including long-distance trains) will run on the slow corridor between Santa Cruz and Mahim and some of the suburban trains will be cancelled. It will also affect the frequency of trains between Churchgate and Borivli to some extent, sources stated. The WR has appealed to passengers to keep a note of the jumbo block and make travel plans accordingly.Central Railway will also organize a mega block between Thane and Kalyan from 11am to 4pm on the Down slow line. Slow line service will not be available at Kalwa, Mumbra, Diva, Kopar and Thakurli during the period. Passengers of these stations are permitted to travel via Kalyan/Dombivli in the Up direction. There will also be a block on Up and Down Harbour lines between Kurla and Vashi. But special trains will run on CST-Kurla and Vashi-Panvel . Harbour passengers can travel through the Thane-Vashi /Nerul section.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12027357", "title": "BJP is not only about BSY, Lingayats: MLA", "text": "BANGALORE: BJP MLA Shankarlinge Gowda has turned out to be a thorn in the flesh of former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa. Gowda, who represents Chamaraja constituency in Mysore city, continued his tirade against Yeddyurappa for his attempt to dethrone chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda.\"He ( BSY) is getting frustrated without power and creating rift in the party. BJP is not all about Yeddyurappa and Lingayats. There are several other leaders, a great ideology and history behind it,\" Gowda said.Gowda dared a party worker when he objected to his ridicule. \"He is a great leader and he has every right to stake claim for the CM post. You have no right to criticise him. You are not happy with him as you were not given the ministership during Yeddyurappa tenure,\" he chided the MLA.Gowda shot back: \"You seems to be a hardcore party worker. Has Yeddyurappa done anything to you? He was CM for three years. But what did he do to the party? He did all for himself.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12028018", "title": "Police barricade scene to plug leaks", "text": "A day after police picked off five suspects in the twin bank robberies on Thursday, it wasn't business as usual for people in Velachery.Parts of A L Mudali Street, which housed the cubbyhole apartment where the five lived, were virtually out off bounds for most people, including journalists. Police barricades blocked entry to the two lanes and the parallel street behind the building. \"These barricades will stand until the magistrate inquiry is over,\" said one of the policemen, flagging down TOI reporters.While residents of the lane were not restricted, friends or relatives of theirs wanting to go in, had to be identified by the residents to be let past the barrier.Joint commissioner Shanmuga Rajeshwaran said the barricades would remain till the officers involved in the 'shootout' returned from the magistrate court. The barricades were there till late in the evening. While men gathered outside small neighbourhood shops to barter news about the encounter, women were seen having a relaxed chat outside their houses. The residents TOI spoke to maintained that they learnt about the encounter from news channels and newspapers.At the Government Royapettah Hospital, the two policemen reportedly injured in the shootout, P Ravi and Christein Jayakumar, were moved to the special wards where access to visitors (read journalists) were throttled.Ravi suffered injuries to the left of his abdomen and Christein on his left arm and left eyebrow. Doctors suspect these are bullet injuries but no bullets were recovered from either of them. \"They don't require any surgery. We have advised them bedrest. They are likely to be discharged in three days,\" said a senior doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12026194", "title": "Balwa, Goenka get 3-day exemption from court appearance", "text": "NEW DELHI: The special CBI court hearing the 2G case on Friday allowed Swan Telecom promoters Shahid Balwa and Vinod Goenka three days exemption from personal appearance after they pleaded that they had to prepare their defence against partner Etisalat's case against them.Special CBI judge O P Saini exempted the duo from appearing in court for three days from February 27 after they informed the court that their foreign partner had filed a case of cheating and forgery against them in Bombay High Court and they had to prepare their defence.\"A case of cheating and forgery has been filed against us (Balwa and Goenka) by Etisalat and we need to go to Mumbai urgently to engage advocates for the new case and to brief them about it,\" Vijay Aggarwal, lawyer for Balwa and Goenka, informed the court while seeking exemption for five days. But the court granted leave for only three days and also directed their counsel to remain present during the court proceedings.Meanwhile, the court also allowed the exemption application of DMK MP Kanimozhi, an accused in the case, from personal appearance for a day on the ground that she had to attend a wedding in Chennai. She was granted exemption on the same ground on Thursday too.The court also started recording the statement of prosecution witness Prem Lal Malik, deputy registrar in the office of Registrar of Companies (RoC), Delhi and Haryana. Malik told the court that Unitech Infrastructure (P) Ltd had filed an online form on May 9, 2008 to change its name to Unitech Telecom (P) Ltd.He said the form was attached with the minutes of the extraordinary general meeting of the members of Unitech Infrastructure (P) Ltd held on May 6, 2008. Similarly, on being shown documents by CBI prosecutor, he said Unitech Builders and Estates (P) Ltd had filed online form on May 9, 2008 to change its name to Unitech Telecom Projects (P) Ltd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12025993", "title": "Emaar project: Owners to seek legal redress", "text": "HYDERABAD: Disgruntled owners of homes in Gachibowli's 'Boulder Hills' have decided to take recourse to law to get possession of their property even as the investigation into the Emaar scam continues with many loose ends yet to be tied up.Under the banner of the 'Excelsior Owners' Association', these buyers have decided to next week serve legal notices on both developer Emaar MGF and joint venture partner Andhra Pradesh Industrial Infrastructure Corporation (APIIC) demanding prompt completion of the project, which was scheduled for delivery on June 2011.\"We are preparing the notices which will be sent to Emaar MGF officials in both Hyderabad and Delhi. Emaar Properties, Dubai and APIIC, too, will be sent copies of the same as they too had a role in the venture,\" said a 'Boulder Hills' customer talking about MGF's failure to keep buyers informed about the fate of the multi-crore project.\"As neither the government nor the developer is giving us a clear picture on the road ahead, we have no choice but to go to court\" the customer said.As per the agreement, the plush apartments at Gachibowli should have been handed over to owners latest by January 1, 2012. But not only has MGF been unsuccessful in meeting the deadline, it has also failed to pay the penalty amount of approximately Rs 10,000 due per month to customers for the delay. The last piece of communication the owners received from MGF was 8-10 months back. \"In that letter we were told that our houses will be ready within six months after the ban on registrations was revoked. It has been about five months since an order to that effect was passed, but MGF has done nothing thereafter,\" the owner added.Work at the site has been stalled for over a year now and the few labourers who were temporarily employed for work on the interiors, too, have been withdrawn. The project that had taken off on a promising note in 2008, has, at present, no more than a few concrete pillars to show for it. None of the 350 flats, of which 206 are sold, are ready.Initially, these apartments were priced at a whopping Rs 6,800 per square feet. And while the rate was later revised to Rs 6,000/sq.ft., 'Boulder Hills' continues to be the costliest residential venture in Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12030677", "title": "Mollywood on the remake way", "text": "Seasonal trends are nothing new in Mollywood. Over the years, filmmakers have delivered an entire range of films, which can be labelled under a genre.For a while, it was sequel mania. Now, the industry seems to have moved on to a new arena - remakes of yesteryear hits. A sneak-peek into the trend setters, and their followers.Neelathamara (2009)It was based on a movie by the same name, scripted by M T Vasudevan Nair and directed by Yusuf Ali Kechery in 1979. The classic was revisited and presented to the audience by director Lal Jose in 2009. The remake was impressive.Rathinirvedam (2011)When T K Rajeev Kumar announced that he is attempting the remake of the 1978 super hit Rathinirvedam (directed by Bharathan), the news almost went viral on the internet. The movie, about a young boy and an older woman, became a rage with its realistic storyline and sensuous scenes. As was the case with the original, the remake was applauded for its narrative style and bold theme.ChattakariThe movie, which is currently being canned by Santhosh Sethumadavan, son of director Sethumadavan who directed the original version of Chattakari in 1974, is looked upon with great expectations. Chattakari narrates the story of how life transforms for two ordinary people after they fall in love and have a kid born out of wedlock. Shamna Kasim is the lead actress, the role which was immortalised by yesteryear sensation Lakshmi. This is the second remake of the movie, as it was earlier remade in Hindi.Avalude RaavukalSave the oohs and aahs till the movie is released! Avalude Raavukal directed by I V Sasi will be remade in 2012 by Sasi himself. Priyamani is touted to play the lead role in the movie. Avalude Raavukal was loved and hated for its steamy scenes, which is quite natural as the story revolves around a teenage prostitute and the wild world around her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12027717", "title": "UNSC bows to India, mum on Iran", "text": "NEW YORK: India on Thursday joined a diplomatic initiative by the United States and Israel in the Security Council to issue a statement condemning the recent terror attack on an Israeli diplomat in New Delhi, after others came around to heed its insistence not to mention Iran.In a press statement issued by UNSC president Kodjo Menan from Togo, the UN \"condemned in the strongest terms the terrorist attack in New Delhi, India, aimed at Israel's diplomatic personnel, which resulted in injuries to diplomatic personnel and civilians, and the recent attempted terrorist attack in Tbilisi, Georgia\".India could not have stayed away from supporting this UNSC statement, given that Indian citizens were injured, but India was insistent that Iran not be mentioned by name since investigations were not over.It \"reaffirmed that terrorism in all its forms and manifestations constitutes one of the most serious threats to peace and security and that any acts of terrorism are criminal and unjustifiable regardless of their motivations, whenever and by whomsoever committed\". Only the New Delhi and Tbilisi attacks were mentioned in the UN statement. The Bangkok incident, which actually caught Iranian-origin nationals, did not find mention. According to a claim by the chief of Shin Bet, the Israeli security service, several weeks ago, they had preempted attacks in Azerbaijan and Turkey. None of those attempts have been referred to in the statement.India also pushed for inclusion of a line in the statement asking other member countries to share information regarding the attack with New Delhi, particularly as there has been little headway in the investigations.Therefore, the statement \"underlined the need to bring perpetrators, organizers, financiers and sponsors of these reprehensible acts of terrorism to justice, and urged all states, in accordance with their obligations under international law and relevant Security Council resolutions, to cooperate actively with all relevant authorities in this regard\".The press statement was the result of a complaint made by Israeli envoy to the UN Ron Prosor to the United Nations secretary general, in the wake of the attack of February 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12030070", "title": "Rituparna Sengupta shoots ad for health drink", "text": "Rituparna Sengupta is living out of the suitcase.Says the actor, \"I am always on the move - shuttling between different destinations - Chennai, Bangladesh, Mumbai etc. I am just back from Chennai having shot an ad for a health drink.\"Directed by Monty Singh, the commercial will show Rituparna as today's woman. \"There's also a cute kid with me in the ad. I play a modern, young mother, who knows how to balance home and her career. I will be seen in a sari and at places flaunting linen shirts and khaki pants,\" she says.Now that's called getting real, eh?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12026801", "title": "Pets match stray dogs; 7 complaints in 8 mths", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If stray dogs are on the prowl in city, cases of pet dogs too are hitting headlines these days. Significantly, owners of seven pet dogs have faced legal action when victims lodged complaints against them at various police stations.As many as seven pet dog bite cases were reported during eight months and four out of these were settled out of court when pet owners agreed to compensate the victims. A police official with police station in Sector 19, said, \"Munish Kumar of Sector 19 was booked in a pet dog bite case. The victim Subhash Chand Bajaj asked for compensation but the owner refused. The case was registered under Section 289 (negligent act with respect to animal) of the IPC in November, 2011 and is still pending.\" Sources said victim Bajaj was demanding a compensation of Rs 12,800.Though, Bajaj had become the victim of an uncontrollable pet dog in the market of Sector 19, Rajesh Singla was injured when a dog attacked him in Shanti Kunj Park in Sector 16 in October, 2011. A case against the owner was registered at police station in Sector 17 under Section 289 of the IPC.Advocate Ram Kumar Singla, said, \"There are hardly any pet dog bite cases in which police produce any chargesheet in the court. These cases usually settle out of court.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "gon dia", "code": "12025666", "title": "Two arrested over fraud of Rs 2 cr", "text": "GON DIA: Two persons were arrested by Morgaon Arjuni police over defalcation of Rs 1.94 crore from Gondia District Central Co-operative Bank Ltd between February 15 and 20, 2012. A complaint was filed by the CEO of the bank, on Wednesday against three persons, which includes the person who pointed out the fraud. The arrested have been remanded to police custody.CEO RC Trivedi filed the complaint against the manager of the bank Dilip Gaydhane, Bhumeshwar Chamlate and Sunil Deshmukh, who is said to have pointed out the fraud to the management. Sources said that since last week, the rumours of this fraud were rife in Gondia but since the directors of the bank belonged to NCP and MLC Rajendra Jain is its chairman, attempts were made to recover the amount and mutually suppress the issue.Offences have been registered under sections 409,420,471-and 304 of IPC. While Gaydhane and Chamlate have been arrested, Deshmukh is out of town on leave since February 8. The duo were produced before judicial magistrate (first class) Arjuni Morgaon RG Bagade on Thursday and were remanded to custody. PI Nitin Chouhan is investigating into the matter.Dubious debit entries were found in the development scheme sectors of GDCC bank by Deshmukh who alerted the management on February 15. A team of senior officers was sent to investigate into the matter who then recommended a police complaint.Further enquiries revealed that the Gaydhane family owns a college in Keshori village in Arjuni Tehsil and a sophisticated show room of electronic goods leading to speculations regarding their wealth in a short time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "alwar/jaipur", "code": "12026245", "title": "Jats in four districts intensify protest, demand OBC status", "text": "ALWAR/JAIPUR: The Jat community in four districts - Dholpur, Alwar, Bharatpur and Karuali - who are not included in Other Backward Classes (OBC) category in the state, intensified their stir as they started a sit-in, one km from railway tracks near Dhana Khedali village in Rupbas police station area of Bharatpur on Friday. They have threatened to sit on the railway tracks at various places on February 27.Five Jat leaders including Rakesh Poddar, Maharaj Singh, Sunil Choudhary, Roopniwas and Harisingh Choudhary started an indefinite fast surrounded by supporters at Kela Devi temple in the Dhana Khedi village. The general secretary of Rajasthan Jat Aarakshan Aandolan said that the state government has been misguiding the Jats of Dholpur and Bharatpur for a long time. He said, \"We have waited for long and it is high time we intensify our movement to get an OBC status enjoyed by our community members in other districts\".Jats in the state enjoy OBC status except for those from Dholpur, Bharatpur, Alwar and Karuali since a government survey in 1999 state that the Jats here were well-off. The Jats in Alwar will organize a sit-in at Ajarka railway station on the Jaipur-Delhi rail route, Nadbadi railway station on the Mathura-Bandikui rail route in Bharatpur, Hindaun city railway station in Karuali and Dholpur railway station in Dholpur. The protest will be peaceful, an organizer said. But the police believe these people may disturb the rail movement.Though they have not yet halted the train movement, the police are geared up to deal with any kind of situation.\"We can't take chances and heavy police including the units of state police, general railway police would be deputed. We have also intimated railway authorities to remain alert,\" said a senior police officer from the state police headquarters.The community leaders are visiting villages in their respective districts to mobilize their fellowmen. They are urging them to come in good numbers at the tracks to make their movement successful, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12026912", "title": "Special team goes to Orissa to probe Alukkas theft", "text": "COIMBATORE: A special team of Tirupur police on Friday left for Orissa as part of the investigations into the burglary of gold ornaments worth Rs 10 crore from Alukkas Jewelry this week. It was following a tip-off, the team went to Orissa. Citing circumstantial evidence, police have reached the conclusion that the robbery was done by a four member gang. Police suspect the gang may have been natives of Orissa and West Bengal.Police have already prepared sketches of two suspects based on information they have gathered so far. Employees of a hotel told police that four youths who stayed at their hotel for a week had vacated their room early Tuesday morning and they spoke Hindi and Bengali.The police suspect that the gang members had been observing Alukkas jewellery shop for a week. They many have visited the shop during the day, posing as customers. \"We are watching the footages captured by the CCTVs and trying to identify the burglars. We have got vital clues,\" said a police source.While a special team went to Orissa, other teams are now collecting information about the previous burglaries that had occurred in the region.On February 21, the burglars created an opening in a brick-layered ventilator at the rear end of the shop and cut open two iron doors using gas cutters to sneak in. Except 25 kg of gold ornaments kept in a locker, robbers took away all the gold and diamond ornaments kept on display shelves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "12031741", "title": "Fencing along LoC extensively damaged by Kashmir avalanches", "text": "SRINAGAR: Avalanches in Kashmir have caused \"extensive\" damage to the fencing along the LoC in the Valley, posing a fresh challenge to the anti-infiltration grid, the Army said today.The Army was also reviewing the feasibility of abandoning some posts near the Line of Control (LoC) in wake of the looming threat of fresh avalanches.\"There has been extensive damage to the fence in many areas, especially along the Shamsabari (mountain) range,\" General Officer Commanding-in-Chief (GOC-in-C) of Northern Command Lt Gen K T Parnaik told reporters here.The fence along the LoC was erected in 2004 as part of the counter-infiltration measures and has proven vital in the efforts of the army to check infiltration.Lt Gen Parnaik said there was so much snow in the area that it has even buried the fence.\"This is a yearly phenomenon but this year the snow has been rather heavy...the fence has got damaged.In fact, there is so much of snow that it has got over the fence,\" he said.Avalanches have struck many areas along the LOC in Kashmir following heavy snowfall in the Valley this winter.A massive avalanche hit the headquarters of 109 Infantry Brigade at Dawar area of Gurez sector, near LoC, in Bandipora district on Wednesday night resulting in the death of 14 soldiers while two others are still missing.Three more soldiers were killed the same day when another avalanche hit an army camp in Sonamarg area of central Kashmir Ganderbal district.Lt Gen Parnaik said the Army faces a \"huge task\" to retrieve and repair the fence once the snow melts and summer sets in.\"I am sure we will be able to do it in time,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12028345", "title": "Expect world class railway station here", "text": "MANGALORE: The Southern Railway has initiated the process to develop Mangalore Central Railway Station into a World Class Station (WCS), three years after it was announced in the railway budget by the then railway minister Mamata Banerjee. According to Southern Railway, a draft inception report is under process for dealing with the proposal for developing the station into WCS. The present status is that the Southern Railway has nominated Senior Administrative Grade-level multi-disciplinary project team, a monitoring committee of heads of departments (HoDs), and another one of principal HoDs for dealing with the proposal.A proposal of Rs 16.50 crore for construction of additional island platforms to decongest the existing terminal has been included in the 2012-13 budget.There is also a proposal for developing the exit on Attavar side.This reply came about after an RTI application was filed by Anil Hegde from Attavar here. The WCS concept, introduced in 2009-10 budget, intends to offer better service to passengers, smooth and safe road traffic flow to and from the station, adequate parking facilities, security of high standards including CCTV surveillance, multi-functional complexes, food courts, shopping facilities, etc.Hegde said that even though additional island platforms are developed at Mangalore Central, Kerala-bound trains cannot reach there, as entering central station entails engine reversal.\"There are solutions for this problem, which the railways is not interested in. I'm consulting experts to find out an acceptable solution,'' says Hegde.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12016334", "title": "SRK-Kat\u2019s London romance", "text": "Shah Rukh Khan and Katrina Kaif did not waste time after they arrived in London.Within hours of landing in the city, the two actors took off to the sets of Yash Chopra's yet untitled venture. In fact, a couple of shots were completed on Wednesday itself. And while the industry is busy speculating about the storyline of Chopra's directorial, Mumbai Mirror gets you a picture straight from the sets in London.An eyewitness revealed, \"Shah Rukh has been taking extra care to ensure that Katrina is comfortable on the sets.They have been getting along really well.\" And besides the two lead actors and director Yash Chopra , producer Aditya Chopra , cinematographer Anil Mehta and costume designer Manish Malhotra were also present on the sets.The other leading lady, Anushka Sharma is expected to join the team in London soon. The schedule is expected to last a little over a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12026215", "title": "France keen to fund bullet train feasibility study", "text": "NEW DELHI: France on Friday showed keen interest in funding the feasibility study of the Pune-Mumbai-Ahmedabad corridor of the proposed bullet train service, one of the three stretches that the government plans to implement under phase-I.French transport minister Thierry Mariani, who is on a three-day visit to India, said they were also interested in providing financial support to Indian cities which plan to build Metro rail. \"We have funded 110 million euros for feasibility study of Bangalore Metro, which is almost 10% of the total project cost. We are interested to provide such support to other cities if we are approached by them,\" the minister said.Mariani also met railway minister Dinesh Trivedi on Friday. He added that their discussion centred on safety issues and on cooperation in areas like hi-speed trains, in which France has expertise. \"We have never had an accident since the speed train was introduced,\" he added.The French minister said he would meet aviation minister Ajit Singh and would take up the issue of India opposing entry of the world's largest aircraft Airbus 380 into the country. He added that airports in Delhi and Mumbai had denied permission for the aircraft to land.Despite demands from international airlines such as Lufthansa and Emirates, the government has not allowed any foreign airline to bring the jumbo aircraft as it would give tough competition to Indian carriers on major international routes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12025853", "title": "NIT cancels Kalamna warehouse plot lease, licence of architect", "text": "NAGPUR: Taking serious cognizance of warehouse collapse in Kalamna, Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) has cancelled the lease of plot owner Pramod Khandelwal and also the licence of architect Santosh Shahu in its meeting of Board of Trustees held on Friday.Chairman Praveen Darade said preliminary investigation had revealed structural failure as cause of the incident. \"Shahu was the architect and also licensed surveyor for the building. As he was responsible for ensuring safety of the building, his licence has been cancelled. There is no question of action against NIT officials as the owner had not applied for occupancy certificate before bringing the warehouse into use. Samples collected from the site have been sent to VNIT for testing. It is the responsibility of owner and architect to ensure buildings are safe. NIT, in association with NMC, may go for a method to make occupancy certificate mandatory,\" he told reporters after the meeting.About status of Mayo Hospital's modernization plan, Darade said the capacity of the hospital was being increased from 500 to 700 beds. \"Students instake will also increase from 100 to 150. The detailed project is ready and will be sent to the State government for approval. Around 25 acres of total 40 of the hospital will be given to the developer under the plan. The estimated cost of the project is Rs 300-350 crore,\" he said.About metro rail project, he said \"if everything went right, NIT may start the work on first phase in December this year,\" he said. \"Provision of Rs 10 crore has been made in the budget 2012-13. NIT will take up maiden two improvement schemes in next fiscal- Panjri-Waroda-Rui-Gawasi Manapur in Nagpur tehsil and Khadka-Kirmiti-Shiomadka-Panjri-Sumthana in Hingna tehsil. Already, NIT has sanctioned over 100 layouts in metro region till date. Besides, a process to sanction the building plans for layouts sanctioned before August 31, 2010, has commenced,\" he said.About Besa-Beltarodi issue, Darade said a survey has been started as per High Court order. \"Survey of 40 buildings has been completed and all of them lacked permission. The buildings will be regularized after recovering a penalty. If they are found to violate any norms, action will be taken. There are around 100-150 buildings in that area,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12027095", "title": "Railway Board okays ticket booking through SMS", "text": "PATNA: In a major policy decision taken by the Railway Board, it has been decided to treat SMSs sent by the Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) as well as by the railways' passenger reservation system (PRS) on a par with the electronic reservation slip (ERS) during journey on e-tickets. The step has been taken to improve passenger amenities.According to a Railway Board official, director, passenger marketing, Monica Agnihotri has written letters to all the chief commercial managers of the zonal railways to give necessary instructions to train ticket examiners (TTEs) to follow the Board's directive in the larger interests of passengers.According to sources, the Board issued this directive following complaints from a few places that passengers were not being allowed to board trains on the basis of SMSs sent on their cellphones by the IRCTC during journey. According to a Board official, the railways has allowed to treat screen shot of the e-ticket displayed through laptops, palmtops and cellphones as virtual reservation message (VRM) and mobile reservation message (MRM) for tickets booked through mobile phones. However, an identity proof is a must for passengers while undertaking journey on the basis of SMSs, he said.According to sources, the SMS will also have to be displayed during on-board/off board ticket-checking drive conducted by the railways on railway premises. In case a passenger fails to produce or display the SMS during ticket checking, the railways would verify the details of the passenger concerned from the reservation chart. His identity proof would also be verified by the TTEs on duty. A sum of Rs 50 would be taken as penalty by the railways if the passenger fails to show the SMS during the ticket-checking drive on platforms or on running trains, sources said.The new system to book tickets through cellphones is gradually picking up across the country. Cellphone-savvy passengers, particularly in Delhi, are getting used to book their tickets through cellphones, a Board official said, adding that it is yet to gain popularity in Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12026709", "title": "Enduro3 adventure race begins today", "text": "PUNE: The 10th edition of adventure race 'NECC NEF Enduro3' will be flagged off on Saturday. The race will begin from Police ground, Shivajinagar, at 9 am, said a press release issued by the organisers.The two-day event will comprise various disciplines like mountain cycling, trekking, river crossing, orienteering, kayaking, rifle shooting and rappelling. The race has special categories for collegians, police personnel, IT professionals, corporate executives, doctors, school students, people above the age of 40, family, and media professionals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12030943", "title": "Tough schedules for Abhishek Bachchan", "text": "Abhishek Bachchan is going through tough schedules. Even as Amitabh Bachchan returned home from hospital, his maternal grandmother Indira Bhaduri is now said to be in another hospital, giving him two major reasons to stay put in Mumbai.These days, the actor is shooting out of Mumbai, in Wai for Rohit Shetty's \" Bol Bachchan\". He also likes to be by his elders' side, so his schedule is under tremendous pressure.\"Every day Abhishek commutes between Wai and Mumbai. He leaves early morning for Wai, packs up shooting by evening, drives back...its a good five hours drive.\"He rushes home to see his father and then his Nani in hospital before heading home to catch a few moments with his daughter and wife (in that order nowadays). If he's lucky he catches Baby Bachchan awake for a bit,\" said a source.Without much sleep, Abhishek returns to Wai early morning. But he sails through the shoot of the comedy film.\"Laughter is the last thing on Abhishek's mind. But he's going through the comic scenes with Ajay Devgn with do-or-die determination,\" the source added.Ajay is going out of his way to accommodate Abhishek's packed schedule.\"He waits without a murmur for Abhishek to get ready. He's even offered to postpone the shooting until things get normal at the Bachchans'. But Abhishek insists on carrying on,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "noida/greater noida", "code": "12027306", "title": "Jumbo gets weighed down by poll humour", "text": "NOIDA/GREATER NOIDA: The elephant must be cursing its stars these days as it has been dragged in becoming the protagonist of a new form of political humour in Uttar Pradesh during poll speeches, all thanks to the BSP having the pachyderm as its election symbol. Be it Congress scion Rahul Gandhi or Samajwadi Party leader Akhilesh Yadav, they have been taking a dig at the jumbo wishing that it becomes scarce in the political arena of the state. And all this has happened in an effort to give scathing criticism on Mayawati and her government's policies.Addressing a rally in Dankaur on Thursday, Akhilesh Yadav said, \"If you think that the elephants have taken over Noida, you must come to Lucknow. There are elephants everywhere and they have slowly taken over the state and stolen your land.\"The young Samajwadi scion was quick to point out that the elephant was no longer running amok in Uttar Pradesh and had been falling progressively ill. \"The elephant can no longer stand on its own feet. It is weighed down by its own corruption and the anger of the millions of people who had put their faith in it. It's up to the people of UP to ensure that the elephant doesn't get up again,\" he said.Rahul, too, has been generously sprinkling his poll speeches with elephant jokes throughout his campaign trail across the state. \"The elephant in Lucknow is a typical one. While other elephants eat grass, this one eats the money of the poor,\" he said last week. Responding to the crowd's queries on the elephant during his poll rally in Jewar on Thursday, Rahul said that he forgot about the elephant because it was time for it to go.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "12027114", "title": "Magadh University move to enforce financial discipline", "text": "GAYA: Faced with a whopping deficit of about Rs 380 crore in the financial year 2012-13 and mounting pressure from the state government for internal resource generation and effective financial discipline, Magadh University (MU) has now started tightening screw on the 44 constituent colleges under its direct control. Though there are also three deficit grant colleges under it, the university has only limited control over these institutions as they are governed by their own managing committees.Expressing concern over the way college finances are being maintained, MU officiating VC Arun Kumar told TOI on Friday morning that to enforce financial discipline in the colleges, the University Syndicate has already decided to constitute advisory committees for all the constituent colleges. These advisory committees will comprise of one member of the Syndicate and one member of the Senate. The respective college principals will be the member secretary of the advisory committee. This committee will scrutinize each and every voucher and bill and no expenditure will be made without its approval. Moreover, besides the departmental heads, Bursars and coordinators of the various vocational courses will be shuffled every three years. In most of the colleges, coordinators of the financially vibrant vocational courses have established a vice like grip over the management of these courses, said the VC.The colleges have also been directed to remit 20 percent of the fee received from the students of self- financed vocational courses. Different vocational courses including MBA, BBA, MCA, Bio Technology, Fashion Designing, Diploma in Library Science and other courses are running in the constituent and deficit grant minority colleges of the university. Complaint of sub-standard teaching quality and lack of proper infrastructure as per AICTE and other Central body norms are frequent and the university has to ensure quality education in these courses. According to Kumar, the colleges have also been directed to submit detailed statement of their internal resources and how these resources are being used.On the issue of uncertainty over the future of 207 re-designated demonstrators and about 500 non-teaching employees who have been deprived of their salary by the government, the officiating VC said that the re- designated demonstrators' issue has almost been resolved and positive development has been made in respect of the non-teaching employees who are not getting salary. As per records, the number of working non-teaching employees is 3,088, but the state government was making salary payment to only 2,565 employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12027923", "title": "\u2018Tweeting for hours is bad for health\u2019", "text": "WASHINGTON: Don't spend hours tweeting, it's 'unhealthy' - that's the message from Twitter's boss.Biz Stone , co-founder and creative director of Twitter, has told the popular micro-blogging site's 500 million users that spending hours tweeting is not healthy.He says he'd prefer that people visit the popular social networking site frequently than sacrifice their life to it.Instead fans should use the site to find what they want - and they go and do something else, the Daily Telegraph online quoted Stone as saying. Users have complained that the 140-character messaging site is addictive, with some staying logged on for up to 12 hours at a time.He said using Twitter that much was not what he had intended . \"I like the kind of engagement where you go to the website and leave because you've found what you are looking for or something very interesting. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12025872", "title": "Only 46 lakh sans Aarogyasri cover?", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy wants to extend Aarogyasri cover to every citizen in Andhra Pradesh and not restrict it to only those below poverty line (BPL). But going by the government's own records, 90% of the state's population of 8.46 crore is already BPL and in the past four years Aarogyasri benefits have been doled out to close to 8 crore people - that, at least on paper, leaves out only 46 lakh people in AP!Either the irony of the CM's recent announcement is lost on the powers that be or it's a ruse to cover up a massive scam: beneficiaries who are actually above poverty line (APL) or money being siphoned off on the basis of BPL beneficiaries who exist only on paper.The government's version for the 8 crore BPL figure is also indicative of a much bigger business in peddling poverty. According to Aarogyasri Trust CEO N Srikant, as per a government decision the free health insurance cover is given on the basis of white ration cards issued by the civil supplies department. As per the latest count, 2.25 crore families have white ration cards and are automatically covered under the scheme. The state government takes the average household size as three and this puts the number of beneficiaries at around 7 crore. The more realistic household figure of four takes the total number of beneficiaries to 9 crore - that's more than the state's population. Incidentally, these BPL numbers are the same as that of Re 1/kg rice scheme, which would make almost the entire state a beneficiary of the welfare scheme.While the government has spent Rs 3,700 crore of the taxpayer's money on the scheme so far, experts say less than half the expenditure could have taken care of the state's BPL population which is roughly estimated to be around 23%.Corporate hospitals have for long been pointing out that many Aarogyasri patients come in fancy cars but flash their white ration cards to avail free health insurance. Senior doctors in government hospitals too say that bogus beneficiaries run into lakhs. Former director of medical education, Dr A Y Chary, said that while there was a definite disparity, government might be reluctant to dig out the dirt as it was its flagship scheme. \"Everybody is trying to play safe,\" Dr Chary said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12028393", "title": "Heggade attends meeting on rural development in New Delhi", "text": "MANGALORE: D Veerendra Heggade, Dharmadhikari of Dharmasthala, on Thursday attended the first meeting of National Advisory Committee (NAC) held at the office of rural development ministry (New Delhi). The meeting was presided over by rural development minister Jairam Ramesh .The other participants were secretary, joint secretary, dignitaries from the ministry, executives from nationalized banks and officials from entrepreneurship development organizations across India.In order to introduce an effective mechanism for monitoring the activities of rural employment training institutes and to ensure uniform standards of training and settlement rates across the country, the ministry had entered into an MoU with National Academy of RUDSETI last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12030950", "title": "It's boring to sport the same looks every day: Archana Kavi", "text": "Archana Kavi, the actress who made an impression with her role in the movie Neelathamara, is a busy actress in M'wood these days.She is currently acting as the lead in Abhiyum Njanaum, which according to the actress, is a sweet love story. \"The film traces a day's events. I play a very modern girl from Mumbai, who is coming to Kerala in search of her fiancee,\" says the actress.Archana says that though she is happy with her role, it is quite boring to sport the same costume and looks throughout the movie. \"Since the story traces the events happening in a day, I have to sport the same looks every day, which is quite annoying,\" she says. The first schedule of the movie is over and the second schedule will start in April. Meanwhile, the actress will be busy with yet another project, Mad Dad, in which she plays actor Lal's daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12030223", "title": "Paoli in Bollywood movie", "text": "She might be doing \"Hate Story\", but everyone's loving her for it.That's the magic of Paoli, whose bare back on the poster of this Vivek Agnihotri film is already creating ripples.Incidentally, Paoli is being launched in B-Town with this venture.Buzz is that the sultry siren will be shaking a leg for the title track. The playback has been done by Sunidhi Chauhan , one of her \"favourite\" singers.When TOI got in touch with the actor to know more about the dance track, she refused to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12027358", "title": "Neyyattinkara PSK stuck in red tape", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Shutters are still down at the Neyyattinkara Passport Seva Kendra (PSK) that was to start its operations at the Akshaya Shopping Complex building.The municipal council, that was supposed to provide utility services such as high tension electricity connection and elevator services for the kendra, has not completed its work as mentioned in the lease agreement. The lease agreement for the building was signed in 2009 and the Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) took possession of the building in April 2010.The PSK was ready by December 28, but the new municipal council did not want to spend Rs 20 lakh toward setting up a private transformer solely for the PSK. The authorities said they would only issue a 'no objection certificate' for installing a transformer. So, the software company had to approach the electrical inspectorate and now it is in the last lap of obtaining permission. Next, the PSK needed two elevators installed in its premises. The municipal council wants TCS to take up this work too.\"It's been a long haul because certain permissions had to be put in place. TCS agreed to pay for the installation of the transformer but have refused to contribute toward the lift, which will be used only by visitors to the PSK,\" Neyyattinkara municipal corporation secretary G Sudhakaran said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "12027385", "title": "Tibet situation grim, needs global intervention, say exiles", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: An 18-year-old monk immolated himself in front of a monastery in Tibet. While in flames, he was praying, \"May His Holiness the Dalai Lama live thousands of years\" and \"Freedom for Tibet\".Reported last week, it is the latest incident to have occurred in Tibet against Chinese policies and in support of freedom, said the Central Tibetan Administration (CTA), the exiled Tibetan community's elected body based in this north Indian hill town.\"The situation inside Tibet is extremely grim. Tibet is virtually sealed off. The military build-up is very heavy,\" said Thubten Samphel, secretary of the department of information and international relations of CTA.The Chinese have launched a massive crackdown on Tibetans who visited India for the Kalachakra teachings presided over by Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama in Bodh Gaya in Bihar in January. Several hundred Tibetans who had returned from India have been detained and are being forced to undergo political re-education, said the CTA quoting a New York-based Human Rights Watch (HRW) report.HRW said it believed it was the first time since the late 1970s that the authorities had detained Tibetan lay people in such large numbers, and comes as China frets about unrest in Tibetan areas.The Chinese government should immediately investigate the shootings of Tibetan protesters by security forces, open Tibetan areas to international observers, and engage with Tibetan representatives address grievances and growing violence, HRW said.It said the Chinese security forces opened fire on protesters January 23 and 24, killing at least two people and injuring dozen more.\"In the current very volatile situation, it is especially important for Chinese forces to refrain from using disproportionate force,\" said Sophie Richardson, China director at HRW.In the past year, 23 monks, nuns and other Tibetans set themselves on fire to protest Chinese rule, according to the CTA. It has procured footage of Chinese police brutalities on Tibetans. Some 140,000 Tibetans now live in exile, over 100,000 of them in different parts of India. Over six million Tibetans live in Tibet. ians", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "12027339", "title": "Youth bodies protest against dismantling of freedom fighter's house, seek heritage status", "text": "AMRITSAR: Various youth organizations and NGOs held a protest in Amritsar on Friday, to urge the authorities to preserve the house of freedom fighter Madan Lal Dhingra and convert it into a national monument. Criticizing the officials for their insensitive attitude, they demanded that steps be taken to restore the martyr's statues and name the park after him, which are in a pathetic condition.In a meeting with these organizations on February 17, Amritsar deputy commissioner Rajat Aggarwal had promised to give it building, at Katra Sher Singh area of the city, heritage status and also written to the archives section of archeological and culture department. However, nothing has been done in this regard so far, sources said.Sarv Bharat Nozwan Sabha president Prithipal Singh Marimegha said Dhingra's house had lately been occupied by his brother Mukand Lal Dhingra and his family. But the property was sold off and the new buyer dismantled the original structure. \"We heard that the house was sold at a much lower price than its market value. Since the ground floor of the house had been rented out for the past six decades, it was not easy to get the portion vacated,\" he said.Shaheed Bhagat Singh general secretary Naujwan Sabha Pargat Singh Jamarai alleged that the house had been appropriated by land mafia. \"Almost the whole structure has been dismantled. The administration should appeal to the government to preserve the place and declare it a monument,\" he suggested.The road leading to the house has been named after the martyr, but this may also lose its significance as the original house of the martyr wouldn't remain there, he said.The organizations have announced that they will continue their agitation until the house is granted heritage status.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12025862", "title": "RTC union calls for a strike today", "text": "HYDERABAD: The RTC Telangana Mazdoor Union has decided to boycott services on Saturday threatening to keep buses off the city roads following a dispute with the management over suspension of a colleague.Responding to the strike call the regional manager Venkateshwar Rao said that the management was trying to resolve the problem with the union. \"We don't expect the strike to take place. Even if it does we have the capacity to ensure that the bus services are not disrupted,\" he said. Conductor Devendran was suspended on Thursday for allegedly forging the signature of Falaknuma depot manager Azher Ahmed . After the suspension orders were served, the members of TMU boycotted duties which affected the bus service in the Old City areas.According to Ahmed the conductor has confessed to forgery during an enquiry. \"We decided to shift him to another depot but the TMU members are against it,\" he said. TMU members maintained that the suspension should be revoked. \"Devendran has not committed any offence,\" said Ashwathma Reddy. He added that they have called for a strike in the city along with three other unions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12028259", "title": "Cops to teach traffic rules, regulations to youngsters", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Claiming that bike riders are the most vulnerable to road mishaps both in terms of fatal and non-fatal category in the region, the traffic police department on Friday planned to hold educational camps for young riders from next month.The motto of holding camps to apprise youngsters about reasons and factors responsible for mishaps. Even the graph of fatal and non-fatal category reveals that bikers are more prone to mishaps on city streets as compared to other vehicles including the heavy ones.Traffic police report too claimed that the fatal and nonfatal accidents that took place in the past 18 months in the region, 65 % involve bike riders.Further, out of this figure, 86% were the ones without helmets. Report said that over 480 persons had lost their lives, while over 600 suffered injuries in the same period. Traffic Inspector, Indrapal Singh told TOI that \"Bikers especially youngsters are least bothered to follow the traffic rules and regulations. Despite the fact that they have been appealed to wear helmet while driving, only 30% of bikers follow the norms.\" There is also a section of bikers who don't wear it or they take it on their bikes.While these bikes are the perfect machines to pump up the adrenaline, they have to be ridden with responsibility and traffic norms should be followed in all circumstances. Traffic officials also feel that poor quality of roads and cattle menace are other factors that irritate riders and cause mishaps and traffic snarls.The department officials have plans to contact educational institutes authorities for holding educational sessions so that youngsters could be taught lessons of safety on streets. The traffic police is also encouraging all two wheelers riders including youngsters to wear helmet in all circumstances. Officiasl said that parents must take care of their wards whether they are applying helmets or not and advise them to drive their bikes carefully with following the traffic norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12025446", "title": "Panel to probe Arya orphanage", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government has set up an independent committee to inquire into cases of all alleged sexual abuse in Arya Anathalaya in Daryaganj. The committee, constituted under the Commission of Inquiry Act 1952, comprises two retired IAS officers, who will look into the functioning of the orphanage. It will suggest a roadmap to revamp the place and institute a mechanism to prevent any such case in future.Geeta Sagar, who is also former education secretary in Delhi government, and Janak Juneja will be on the committee. The committee will get a month to prepare a comprehensive report on the Arya orphanage and other institutions run by the same management.On February 19, chief minister Sheila Dikshit had held a review of the case and made it clear that it was a \"very sensitive matter\" and should not be \"politicized by any lobby\". She had directed women and child department on Sunday to delve deep into the matter as the future of more than 1,000 children was at stake. \"Appointing an administrator was the first step and the fastest thing that the government could do last week. Now, we need to go deeper,\" Dikshit had said at a high-level meeting.On Monday, NGOs working on child rights in the city joined hands to fight abuse in homes and shelters. In a memorandum to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and chief minister Sheila Dikshit, the NGOs sought zero tolerance in cases of child abuse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12025969", "title": "Chennai Cheetahs bank on experience", "text": "CHENNAI: For Chennai Cheetahs experience is the key. Just glance at the coach and the captain.Former India coach Jose Brasa has enough experience and honours (two Sultan Azlan Shah titles, 2010 CWG silver medal and 2010 Asian Games bronze medal) with the national team that adding his own brand of Spanish flair to the fledgling outfit for the World Series Hockey, will be but child's play.Add to the mix a 35-year-old Australian veteran who once (after being dropped from the national squad for the Beijing Olympics ) famously vowed to continue playing to prove his detractors wrong. Brent Livermore still has that fire in his eyes and together with Brasa they make a potent cocktail to intoxicate the Chennai team.Not that Livermore is shy about it. \"We are a strong team with the right blend and we have the right people to carry us all the way,\" he said at the presentation of the team on Friday.Brasa was equally enthusiastic. \"I think this championship has the scope to develop into something big. India has the talent. I am happy with the composition of the Chennai team and we have had the opportunity to have a few training sessions already. I am sure that Chennai Cheetahs will have the best wishes of the hockey-loving public of the state.\"The entire team will get together on February 27 in Jalandhar and they will play their first game on March 1. A short time to get used to the new ideas and combinations but Brasa assured that it was possible.\"Most of the players know each other even if they have not played together before. As such they know each other's game. That is not the problem,\" he said.The main concern is the fitness issue. Playing 14-odd games in a space of 30 days is no joke and that is one of the reasons why they have gone for 27 players in their squad. \"We have to keep all the players fresh and rotate them in such a way that we get the best out of everyone,\" Brasa said.This is where the experience of the older players like Livermore, Adam Sinclair etc will come in handy. \"We have to act as mentors to the younger ones advising them on health, fitness, nutrition etc, which all play a very important role. Particularly in such a scenario as the WSH,\" Livermore said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12025831", "title": "Despite incentives, only 15% opt for online AIEEE 2012 exam", "text": "NAGPUR: Despite several incentives and increase in the number of online centres, AIEEE's effort to convince students to register for the online exams received a lukewarm response. A CBSE official, from the board responsible for conducting the engineering entrance exam, told TOI that only 15% of the total registered candidates have opted for online exam.Rama Sharma, CBSE spokesperson, said, \"We have approximately 10.17 lakh students registered for the offline exam and about 1.7 lakh registered for the online mode.\" The total registration has been about 11.87 lakh, marginally higher than last year's 11.15 lakh.Even out of the 1.7 lakh who chose the online mode only one lakh had completed the entire registration process before the deadline. It was for the remaining 70,000 students that the deadline was extended a couple of times.CBSE had introduced the online exam format last year itself but received negligible response with less than one per cent of the total candidates opting for it. But with the AIEEE paper leak of 2011, the central board got further impetus to speed up the online examination process. Over 20 cities in the country, including Nagpur, were declared as online-only centres so that students could be coerced into adopting the new technological platform. The nearest offline centre from Nagpur is Amravati.Many incentives such as exam fee discount and choice of exam date and time were offered to students opting for the online mode. So what has prevented students from rushing to these online exam centres? It turns out that even though the CBSE had planned for everything, many coaching institutes preferred to play it safe.In Nagpur all top institutes have advised their students to go for the offline version.Nisha Kothari, owner of a coaching institute, said, \"We have told our students to go only for the offline exams for a variety of reasons. First is that the online exam will be held in May, where as the offline test will be conducted in April. Opting for the offline will help them get more time to prepare for the BITS exam later on. Secondly students are aware of the technical problems with the online CAT exam, so it is better not to stress them out and play it safe.\"Academic director of another institute, Dilip Vaidya said, \"We told students to go for the offline test since they hardly get time to practice for the online mode, though finally it is their choice. Despite the announcement being made a couple of months in advance, the time wasn't enough to help students increase their speed for the online mode.\"Abhishek Bansal, who also manages a coaching centre, said, \"I would say that less than 10% of my students have chosen the online mode. We had left the choice up to them but still they preferred the offline mode even though it is not available in Nagpur.\"The offline exam is scheduled for April 29 while the online exam will be held on certain days between May 7 and 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12026739", "title": "Auto driver back at work despite injury", "text": "PUNE: Autorickshaw driver Mahesh Gadhve (38) resumed his work 12 days after ST driver Santosh Mane's murderous rampage which left nine people dead and 31 injured. Gadhve still prefers to wait near the Swargate ST stand in the early morning hours for passengers, though this very location has brought much grief in his life. However, he feels restless because of brief spells of memory loss that he suffers from because of the head injury. \"It is nothing serious, though,\" he says.Gadhve had sustained serious head injury in the incident on January 25 and had developed swelling in the brain.\"I am OK now. Only thing is, I sometimes become forgetful or lose track of things. I have experienced this kind of temporary memory loss twice in the past 15 days,\" Gadhve said, adding, \"It is not that serious. It is not going to bother me for long.\"\"I also experience headache, which is sometimes very serious. I had consulted doctors at Harjivan hospital for this. They have given me medicines,\" Gadhve said.Asked how did he realize about this momentary loss of memory, he said, \"Once when I tried to recall the day's event, I could not recollect everything. There were some missing links. I experienced this once again in the past 15 days.\"A resident of Balajinagar, Gadhve stays with his wife, two children and his father. \"All of them are dependent on me. Hence, I could not afford to rest for many days and had to resume work.\"As compensation, Gadhve received Rs 50,000 from the state government and another Rs 50,000 from the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC). \"All the medical expenses were borne by the MSRTC. I have no complaints. But I want Mane to get stringent punishment as he has done wrong to many people.\"Gadhve was standing near his autorickshaw, waiting for passengers, when the ST bus coming from behind hit another autorickshaw, which in turn dashed against Gadhve's vehicle. \"My autorickshaw didn't sustain much damage.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12027331", "title": "CM orders irrigation department to start the cleaning work immediately", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The forthcoming Attukkal Pongala festival has turned out to be a boon for the people residing near Amayizhanjan canal. The irrigation department has taken up the cleaning of the canal on a war footing. In the review meeting for the preparations for the festival held on Wednesday, chief minister Oommen Chandy ordered the irrigation department to start cleaning of the canal stretch immediately. The cleaning work began on Thursday.\"We have taken up the cleaning of the Observatory-Pattoor stretch after the chief minister issued the order in presence of the irrigation minister P J Joseph,\" said irrigation department executive engineer T N Girish. \"We have been allotted an amount of Rs 6 lakh for the work,\" he added. The work would be completed before March 7, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12027128", "title": "HC stays order for construction of ROB", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court has granted an interim stay on an order issued by the district revenue officer, Virudhunagar relating to the construction of a railway overbridge (ROB).Justice K K Sasidharan gave this order on a petition filed by one Ramesh Gandhi seeking to quash the notification issued by the DRO.In the petition, Gandhi said the DRO has passed an order to construct the ROB at Ramamoorthy Road, Virudhunagar though the state highways authority had issued a notification to construct a railway underbridge (RUB). The state authorities had constituted an empowered committee to go into the feasibility to construct a bridge.The committee after its study had come to conclusion that only a RUB is feasible and also said that constructing the ROB, was not technically feasible due to the shortage of land. The petitioner said the committee estimated the cost for constructing the railway overbridge at Rs 20.43 crore and also 2488 sq metre of land needs to be acquired from 61 land owners. However, it fixed as Rs 17.40 crore for the RUB for which only 216 sq metre of land was needed to be acquired from 20 land owners.The petitioner also said, \"Ignoring the facts, the DRO has issued an order without taking into account all details of the committee.\"The judge posted the matter for further hearing on March 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12030430", "title": "Surprise birthday party for Sanjay Leela Bhansali", "text": "Sanjay Leela Bhansali who has never hosted a party in his entire life found himself facing 50 guests at his home at midnight on Feb 24 when he turned 48.The guests at his doors included realtives whom he had stopped talking to for years, friends whom he had not met from his school days, and some colleagues.Groggy and euphoric with the experience Sanjay says, \"I've never had a party in my home. As kids my sister Bela and I were never given a chance to invite our friends home. So birthday parties are something I've only experienced with my nose pressed to the windowpane. It's a joy I've been excluded from all my life.\"The grand birthday reunion was arranged by SLB's assistants who had drawn up a list of the people their boss had not met for a while but would like to.The midnight party on Thursday night went on till 4 in the morning. Since there was no initimation of the guests, there was no food or beverage in the house.Says Sanjay fondly, \"We just talked and danced. People I had not met for years were here. It was magic.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12025895", "title": "More eyes might mean less deaths", "text": "NAGPUR: Generally, reports of suicides or suicide attempts in neighbourhood shock people for a few hours or even some days. But for those who live or work around the Gandhisagar lake, it is an almost daily experience. They say on an average there are two bodies per week fished out from the lake.One of the oldest lakes of the city, Gandhisagar has become infamous for being the top choice of those tired of mortal worries and seeking an escape in death. \"People jump off, especially from near the garden gate and Raman Science Centre side as they are comparatively less crowded. On our side, there are many vendors and that makes it inconvenient for the person wanting to jump in,\" said Pursuhottam Barate, a tea stall owner near the lake.Barate himself has saved many lives over the 12 years he has run the tea kiosk. \"Whenever we spot someone sitting alone for a long time, we confront him or her and call the police,\" he said. His wife Meenabai, who helps him run the kiosk, said that a long time back, a proposal was made to dry up the lake and build a huge complex there. \"I think it should be done. Only a small part of the lake must be left, that too shallow and the rest should be dried up. Only this will help end the suicides. Otherwise, those who want to end their life will do it anyhow,\" she said.Barate said building a wall around the lake won't help. \"Now, at least we can see people jump and attempt to save them. If a wall came up, we wont be able to see anything and it is possible that the bodies will lie in water for days,\" he said.On the other hand, Mohammad Anif Khan, a resident of the area, said instead of a wall, railings might help. \"If the railings are high enough not to allow people to climb over, people won't be able to commit suicide. Even if something untoward happens, we will be able to know it,\" he said.Development of a promenade is another thing people suggested to bring the number of suicides down. Said Ashish Nandeshwar, a coconut water seller, \"If proper permanent shops come up at the periphery of the lake, with only limited access to the banks, there will be more people on the watch and it will bring the number of suicides down.\"Voicing similar views, Ankita Bhave, an employee at an office facing the lake said, \"This is one of the oldest and historic lakes of the city. Why not develop it as a public spot? Develop food courts around it, maintain a family friendly environment. A larger number of people here will certainly deter individuals from attempting suicides. Apart from this, I think the patrolling and security must also increase.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12032217", "title": "Superstar Nagarjuna may join AP politics", "text": "Telugu superstar Nagarjuna Akkineni may soon take a plunge into active politics in Andhra Pradesh.At the inauguration of a jewellery showroom in temple- town of Tirupati, the actor expressed his desire to join politics, close on the heels of another popular star Nandamuri Balakrishna announcing his decision to contest the 2014 elections on behalf of the Telugu Desam Party .\"I am a keen observer of politics and feel like taking the plunge...but don't know if I will fit the bill,\" Nagarjuna, known to be a reserved person, said in reply to a question at the showroom inauguration.Son of legendary Telugu film hero and Dadasaheb Phalke awardee Akkineni Nageswara Rao, Nagarjuna endorsed some of the welfare schemes launched by the then Chief Minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy.He, however, did not campaign for the Congress though efforts were made to rope him in.The 52-year-old award winning popular star has many business interests, including in the television medium along with actor-turned-politician K Chiranjeevi.His elder son Naga Chaitanya has started making a mark as a hero while another son Akhil, too, may step into Nagarjuna's shoes in future.Nagarjuna has starred in a few Hindi films as well, notable among them being \"Khuda Gawah\" with Amitabh Bachchan , and 'Shiva'. He has essayed the role of Shirdi Sai Baba in an upcoming Telugu film.Will Nagarjuna join ruling Congress or YSR Congress of Kadapa MP Y S Jaganmohan Reddy, going by his admiration for late Y S R Reddy, is the point of debate now in the state, which has seen several star-turned-politicians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12026309", "title": "Mitali custody hearing deferred", "text": "INDORE: The next hearing on the custody of Mitali, the new-born girl rescued after being buried alive in a farm land in Burhanpur, will be held on March 23.On Friday, the Burhanpur Court deferred its judgment on the custody of the girl after a representative from the Child and Woman Welfare Department failed to turn up for the hearing.Currently, the four-month-old baby is in the custody of NGO Param Shakti Peeth.A childless Raoji couple has been fighting for adopting the girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12026847", "title": "Tamil Nadu N-plant NGOs shown door", "text": "CHENNAI: A day after the PM's remarks blaming US-based activists for the anti-nuclear protests in Kudankulam, the Centre cancelled the licences of three south Tamil Nadu-based NGOs allegedly involved in the agitation against the nuclear power project.The action follows an inquiry conducted by the Union home ministry on funding for the agitation which has stalled work on the Russian-aided project. MoS in the Prime Minister's Office V Narayanasamy confirmed the action but said the names of the three NGOs have not yet been released by the home ministry. There were indications of tough action against some NGOs after PM Manmohan Singh , in an interview to a science journal, accused US-based NGOs of fanning the protests. Once the licences are cancelled, the NGOs cannot source funds, an official said.\"These NGOs have violated the Foreign Contribution Regulation Act and therefore their licences have been cancelled. The three NGOs did not maintain proper accounts and also did not utilize the funds for the purpose they were meant for,\" said Narayanasamy.He said the government probed their activities on information that some NGOs, which were receiving funds from the US and Scandinavian countries, were spending huge amounts on the anti-Kudankulam agitation. \"In fact, people have been agitating near the plant for the past three months. They are being brought in trucks from various villages. They are even provided food,\" he said. The home ministry had sent a team in January to probe the accounts of the three NGOs.BJP leader Arun Jaitley asked the government to clarify the PM's remarks blaming US-based organizations for the crisis at the nuclear plant. \"It's a very important statement that the Prime Minister has made. Since he has made a statement, I think the government must make facts in this regard public,\" Jaitley said. Congress spokesperson Rashid Alvi said, \"The party fully supports the statement made by the PM regarding foreign funding of some NGOs.\"S P Udayakumar, convener of the People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy, which is spearheading the protests, said, \"It's unfortunate that the PM has made the allegations without any documentary proof. We strongly deny his observation.\" Janata Party president Subramanian Swamy said the government should arrest those who manage such NGOs .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12027392", "title": "Disciple of Ravi Shankar, master of double violin", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: It was on November 6, 2005 that Neyveli Radhakrishnan got his first double violin, delivered to his suite in Chicago Hilton Hotel. He had been staying there after performing at the Chicago Symphony Hall as part of Ravi Shankar's Festival of India III concert. He immediately rang Ravi Shankar and told him he had just touched his dream instrument for the first time.\"I can't tell you what I felt at that moment. I called up Shankar right away, and he invited me to his suite.\"When he reached there, the maestro asked him to play Mohanam (raga) on it. He was flabbergasted. Had he been asked to play Mohanam on a conventional violin, he would have made a picnic out of it.\"I had never played on a double violin before. I hesitated, but my guru had faith in me. I shut my eyes and gave it a go,\" recollected Radhakrishnan.He was only 15 when he first saw the clipping of L Shankar's double violin. He had wanted to own one since then. And it was Ken Parker, the man who designed Shankar's violin, who directed him to John Jordan, who designed his violin.He enthralled the students of Sri Swati Thirunal Music College with his double violin on Thursday. He performs around the world with his band Ahimsa, founded together with his German friend Matthias Mueller. The band is currently in Chennai for the recording of their third album Soukha.Double ViolinRadhakrishnan's double violin, designed by John Jordan, has two necks, treble and bass, with five strings apiece that cover the range of a violin, viola, cello and double bass as opposed to a conventional violin that has four strings. The second neck is bass, and the strings are thicker and demand more pressure from the bow to vibrate. The bass range strings bear the lowest pitch as opposed to the violin. The additional strings allow a wider textural and tonal variation than the conventional one. The double violin is stereoscopic, amplifying the sound to a three-dimensional experience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12026664", "title": "Lingaraj shrine trust president resigns", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: While bickering between priests of different organizations at Lingaraj temple here continued to be a cause for concern, the shrine has received another jolt. The temple trust's president Hari Ballav Mishra resigned, posing a big question mark on the smooth conduct of the famous Rukuna Rath Yatra, scheduled for March 31.Mishra, currently the additional district magistrate (ADM), Bhubaneswar, had been discharging the dual responsibility at Lingaraj temple.Though mystery shrouded as to what propelled Mishra to dissociate himself from the temple's functioning, sources said he stepped down following the alleged \"stubborn\" and \"non-cooperative\" attitude of some priests on Mahashivratri night on Monday.\"The trust president handed over his resignation to me on Monday night. He cited some compulsions to separate himself from the temple,\" executive officer of the temple Abanikant Pattnaik told TOI. \"I tried my best to persuade him to withdraw his resignation, but in vain,\" Pattnaik said.\"His resignation has not yet been approved. The trust members would discuss the matter on Monday,\" he added. Despite repeated attempts, Mishra was not available for comment.Sources said Mishra tendered his resignation following a reported verbal duel with a group of priests, who were performing the rites at snail's pace on Mahashivratri.The shrine officials had tough time convincing the priests to complete the rituals in time. But all pleas fell on deaf ears and rituals were delayed for nearly two hours.The ceremonial practice of lifting the mahadeep atop the temple was performed around 12.30 am, much to the inconvenience of pilgrims.\"Though the trust president urged some priests to speed up the rituals, the latter shouted at him. We are sure he resigned for that reason only,\" said Kamalakant Badu, secretary of Badu Nijog.Sachikant Pujapanda, however, rubbished the charges. \"Priests were not responsible for the delay in rituals. Nor did anyone misbehave with the president. Rituals were delayed due to some unavoidable circumstances,\" Pujapanda said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12028087", "title": "Ensure comfort at test centres", "text": "Iam a student of science. I think HSC exams should be conducted at students' own school.-Abdul DeraiyaSchools within walking distance of one another should be clustered. For exams, the students of schools comprising a particular cluster can be exchanged within the same cluster. To reduce stress, question papers and answer booklets may be distributed 15 and 5 minutes before the start of an examination.-Robert CastellinoThe state should allow students to sit for SSC/HSC exams in their own schools. This will reduce exam fear because students will be comfortable with the test centre's atmosphere.-Sarthik ParmarExternal invigilators can ensure that no unfair practices are adopted at the exam centre. The present system of making students appear for exams at centres away from their own schools makes test-taking a burdensome experience. I am afraid the board is not doing enough to reduce exam-related stress.-Vijay MullajiStudents will be less stressed-out if the state allows them to sit for SSC/HSC exams at their own schools. The presence of external invigilators will minimize the chances of cheating. Though students nowadays are burdened with a whole lot of issues, they can at least be spared stress caused by centrehopping .-Rajesh AsharThe idea is inane. More so because it pertains to a system that has lost its utility. The school system should be replaced by one based on apprenticeship and home tutorship.-Guldiw MartozThis will save time and will be less stressful for students.-Sameera GawandiMost states in south India follow this practice for SSC/HSC as well as college exams. Implementing it here would make life less strenuous for students, as only Invigilators would be required to move around. Students can be in surroundings they are familiar with.-Prabhakar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12030412", "title": "Music beyond language", "text": "Music is an universal language and Chennai-based Malayalee singers Rahul Nambiar and Aalaap Raju would be among the first to agree with this.After crooning their way into the hearts of many in Kollywood and Tollywood, they are now awaiting the release of their band Rahlaap's first Hindi album and have few peppy numbers lined up in Mollywood as well.The two playback singers, who were in the city as part of their gig in a Kayamkulam college, agree that Kerala's band culture looks promising with Kochi poised to become a musical hub for young talents and recording artists.Rahul, who already has few Mollywood hits under his belt such as Neeyam Thanalinu from Cocktail and Amruthamayi from Snehaveedu, attributes it to the shift in Mollywood.\"The industry has opened up for youngsters with desi voices and is now experimenting with music. Also now most of the film song recordings are happening in Kerala,\" he says, adding that it's a fact that some of the best young singers in Tamil and Telugu industries are Malayalees.Ennamo Edho singer Aalaap chimes in, \"Lately, a lot of passionate bands with Malayalee frontmen are coming up with very good music and their own material.\" Aalaap is excited about one such project by Chennai-based band Yuvvh in which he has sang his first Malayalam song.The duo had earlier worked together in Mollywood under Deepak Dev singing backing vocals for Teja Bhai and Family and says they are huge fans of the band Avial.\"They pushed it to the limit in terms of modernizing Malayalam music. They are true innovators,\" says Rahul while his band partner and bass guitarist adds, \"Avial stuck to their roots without trying to be fake and that made them stand apart.\"On performing in Kerala, Rahul says that he had often found the audience here is more receptive to petty fast numbers that are more in Tamil than Malayalam.The duo also points out that if the band scene in Kerala has to come up, it's only a question of getting the people together and organizing more such gigs. \"Right now the corporate and colleges are pivotal in creating a vibrant band culture and promoting it,\" Rahul adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12025285", "title": "Soon, Hib vaccination for all kids", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi is soon going to include haemophilus influenza type B (Hib) vaccine as a part of the routine immunization programme for infants. It will secure babies against Hib infections - a leading cause of childhood bacterial meningitis, pneumonia, and other serious infections such as septicemia. While the state government's free immunization programme has been for long giving DPT (diphtheria, pertussis, tetanus) and hepatitis B vaccines, there has been no provision for Hib infections, which are almost entirely preventable with vaccine.\"We have written to the union health ministry for the release of pentavalent vaccines - as is being done in the case of Kerala and Tamil Nadu. The new vaccine provides protection against diphtheria, pertussis, tetanus, hepatitis B and Hib infections in a single shot,\" said Delhi health minister A K Walia. He said that the vaccine is administered to infants when they are 6 weeks, 10 weeks and 14 weeks old. It will be administered to children at over 650 government dispensaries, maternal and child welfare centres (M&CW;) and tertiary health care centres.Senior health officials said that the move is aimed at reducing the rate of infant mortality in the capital. \"Between 2009 and 2010, the infant mortality rate (children dying within the first year of birth) has increased from 18.96 per thousand to 22.47 per thousand. Many of these deaths are caused by bacterial meningitis and pneumonia,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12027185", "title": "Nitish hails state budget", "text": "PATNA: CM Nitish Kumar on Friday said that the state budget for 2012-13 was development oriented and excellent with expansion of plan size. This would increase the rate of development significantly in the state, he said.The CM said the objective of the government was to increase per capita income to improve the lot of the poor. He said that resources has been managed well and a balance has been maintained in the budget between income and expenditure. Development could be gauged only from the increased income of poor people whose labour would improve economic status of the state.Bihar Chamber of Commerce (BCC) hailed the budget, stating this would foster integrated development of the state, besides accelerating the industrial growth. BCC president O P Sah congratulated CM Nitish Kumar and deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi for presenting a progressive and development-oriented budget that will bring economic stability and help promote harmony. He welcomed the government move to give special status to agriculture sector and due care to infrastructure development.CPI state secretary Badri Narayan Lal said the budget was anti-agriculture and anti-farmer as it provided only Rs 9,500 crore for the agriculture road map. This was inadequate, as 90% people lived in villages, he said. He said the budget neglected the food processing sector.BPCC president Mehboob Ali Kaiser said out of the Rs 78,666-crore budget, Rs 45,322 crore had been allocated for non-plan budget, which would hamper development of the state.Former chief minister Jagannath Mishra said the budget proved that there had been qualitative development in the last six years in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12026955", "title": "State leads the way in energy conservation", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala, which has inspired the nation with its high literacy rate and highest human development index, is gearing up to lead the country in yet another field - energy efficiency.Talking to TOI on the sidelines of the 'Business Meet on Energy Audit' that was held in the city on Friday, S B Sadananda, director, national productivity council, said that just one year after energy audit (EA) was made mandatory, in the state, Kerala has become the topper in energy efficiency.\"In simple terms, EA is a survey to analyze existing energy utilization practices so as to trace areas of wastage and introduce energy saving schemes. By fast implementation of energy conservation methods,through utilization of green energy and promotion of star rated electronic equipments, Kerala has gained a leading position. The other state making a similar effort is Gujarat,\" Sadananda said.It was following a government order that Kerala made it mandatory for designated consumers (high tension installations and high rise buildings) to audit energy. The guidelines were issued by the state power department on January 1, 2011.K M Dharesan Unnithan, director, Energy Management Centre (EMC), Kerala Power Department, pointed out that the state through the Kerala State Energy Conservation Fund is undertaking several energy conservation activities. \"EMC has taken steps to employ LED street lights at 60 municipalities and five corporations and has turned several government buildings including Secretariat, Vikas Bhavaninto model energy efficient buildings. We created history when we replaced 1.27 crore incandescent lamps with CFLs last year. Our future plans include promoting star rated pumps and fans in the state,\" EMC director said.He said that every year KSEB has been adding five lakh consumers, mostly domestic consumers. At present 47% of the electricity was consumed by the domestic sector and EMC was encouraging the users to practice in saving energy.The Business Meet on Energy Audit that was inaugurated by Paul Antony, Chairman, Cochin Port Trust, saw energy professionals, engineers, energy conservation managers, faculties of engineering colleges coming together to discuss on the methodology of EA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12025712", "title": "Swara debuts with polished performances by two maestros", "text": "NAGPUR: Playing to a packed house on Friday evening, Pt Shiv Kumar Sharma created divine music on santoor, an instrument now a synonym for his name. The programme Swara Music for Life was presented by Banyan Tree, an organisation promoting Indian classical performing art forms for the past 14 years.Truly the maestro, Pt Sharma began by first introducing his audience to the intricacies of Hindustani classical music and also suggesting the juncture where a daad or appreciation would be welcome. Beginning with raag Gawati, more suited to the instrumental genre and a raag for late evenings, Pt Sharma presented it with an alaap, jod and jhaala.His next composition was again in the same raag set to rupak taal. With silver hair surrounding his serene visage like a halo, Pt Shiv Kumar created music that appeared to be coming from a faraway valley, gently soaking the audience in the echoes and sounds that was almost therapeutic. That he was playing raag Pahadi only added to the mood. In this rendition he was joined by his disciple Dileep Kale. Pt Ramakumar Mishra on the tabla was a worthy accompanist. Playing the taanpura was Pt. Sharma's Japanese student Taka Hiro.Earlier, the stage was taken by Shounak Abhisheki who began with a vocal rendering of a Khayal in Shudh Kalyan vilambit ek taal. His presentation was leisurely and unhurried as he began with the alaap, the flexibility of his voice apparent from the soft notes he would strike and then change quickly to a more robust method. Abhisheki also presented a Kabir bhajan Sai se lagan kathin and ended with an abhang Naahi punya chi mojini.Nagpur is the first in the calendar of events planned by Banyan Tree. Mahesh Babu, the Managing Director of the organisation said, \"Our effort is to bring quality classical music presentations to two and three tier cities. We combine an upcoming talent with a legendary maestro. We are planning to hold such concerts in ten cities across the country. Next on schedule is Vizag.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12031596", "title": "SIT begins ballistic examination of weapons on Italian vessel", "text": "KOCHI: A Special Investigation Team (SIT) of Kerala Police on Saturday began the search and ballistic examination of weapons onboard oil tanker Enrica Lexie in the presence of Italian experts who arrived here this morning from Rome.Police will seize and seal the fire arms, suspected to have been used by the two arrested Italian naval guards Latore Massimiliano and Salvatore Girone in the killing of two Indian fishermen off Kollam coast on February 15.Kollam and Kochi Police Commissioners Debesh Kumar Behera and M R Ajith Kumar, also the SIT chief, respectively along with a team of police officers and forensic expert boarded the tanker followed by a 10-member Italian delegation, including two Italian ballistic experts Major Flebus Luca and Major Fratini Paolo, police sources said.A Kollam court has permitted the police to carry out a search of the weapons and their ballistic examination in the presence of Italian experts. Encrica Lexie, is presently berthed at the Kochi oil terminal to enable police to conduct the search.Passing orders on a petition by Doramma, wife of Jelestine, one of the two fishermen killed, seeking compensation, Kerala high court had yesterday ordered the arrest and detention of the vessel till Monday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12027834", "title": "Toxic oil scam: China pledges death penalty", "text": "BEIJING: Chinese authorities have promised death penalty for those involved in the \"gutter oil\" scam involving unhygienic recycling of edible oil used in restaurants.\"Courts must give full consideration to suspects' subjective malignance, the amount of money involved and the harm done to public and the market when ruling in gutter oil cases. For those deserving death, death penalties must be resolutely given,\" an official notice said. Authorities have found it hard to control the scam that involves private businesses collecting used edible oils from restaurants and selling it back to them after filtration. Chinese media have been running reports about the unhygienic recycling conditions.Government officials, who fail to fulfill duties related to oil safety, would also be punished.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12026940", "title": "NMC to revive drive against plastic bags", "text": "NASHIK: With many grocers, vegetable vendors and meat sellers among others blindly flouting the ban on plastic bags below 40 micron thickness in the city, the New Nashik division of Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has decided to revive its campaign against use of plastic bags from next week.Sanitation inspector R B Gajre of the New Nashik division said at a meeting held recently, it was decided that the sanitation department would soon initiate action against these vendors.He said about two months ago, the department had cracked down on vendors wrapping goods in thin plastic bags. They had also collected fine of about Rs 6,000. But due to the civic elections in the city, the campaign fizzled out.While the menace of plastic bags is seen all over the city, it is particularly observed in the old Nashik areas of the city, which is not only densely populated but there are also many bigger market places. Plastic bags are clogging the drainage system and sewer lines. Every time during the work of cleaning the bed of the Godavari, plastic bags are found in large numbers.Gajre said that vegetable vendors, meat sellers as well as shopkeepers in general blindly flout the norms. With the elections over, the sanitation department now plans to crack down on these erring vendors.However, officials said it was difficult to take action against erring vendors. Sanitation inspector D T Vispute of NMC's west division said many times when they try and initiate action, the vendors either show they are connected with the senior office-bearers of the municipal corporation or call them to stop the officials from imposing fines.Other officers in the NMC said that the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board has a larger role to play to play in prevention of use of plastic below 40 microns. While many retailers have started to charge for plastic bags so that people get into the habit of carrying their own bags than depending on the plastic for wrapping petty grocery articles, there is also a demand for taking action against those producing, storing or transporting such stuff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "jaisalmer/bikaner", "code": "12026266", "title": "BSF men thwart smugglers\u2019 bid, recover 6 heroin packets", "text": "JAISALMER/BIKANER: The Border Security Force (BSF) thwarted attempts by three smugglers from Pakistan to sneak in a consignment of heroin along the international border adjoining Sriganganagar, Rajasthan in the wee hours on Friday. Jawans of the BSF opened fire on the smugglers and forced them to retreat. Later, while searching the BSF found six packets of heroin with a Pakistani seal on the spot. The international value of this consignment is Rs 30 crore. This is the second effort, in last 30 days, to push in a consignment of heroin from across the Ganganagar border.On January 23 BSF jawans had seized 18 kg of heroin at the border worth Rs 90 crore. BSF, Rajasthan, Frontier inspector general KL Meena said that on Friday around 4 am BSF jawans deployed at Hindumal Kot border outpost noticed movement along the Pakistan border. Later a few suspicious persons were spotted coming towards the Indian border. They then threw heroin packets across the border. The BSF jawans then fired 17-18 rounds forcing the smugglers to run towards Pakistan. Later a search was launched after which six packets of heroin with a Pakistani mark on them were found.At present the entire area is being searched. Prior to this, one month ago, on January 23, during the wee hours at Ganganagar border the same 192 BSF at Khankiyaan BOP recovered 18 kg of heroin. The smugglers who had come across the border had sneaked in the consignment with the help of a pipe.Smugglers at the Indian border were waiting for the consignment, but taking advantage of fog and mist, they managed to escape. Sources revealed that local smugglers had reached the international border to take the delivery of the consignment but on getting to know about the firing by the BSF jawans they managed to run away. The BSF later seized an abandoned motorcycle on the Indian territory. They also held a flag meeting with Pak rangers and registered their protest against the increasing incidents of narcotics smuggling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12027132", "title": "'N-power should be key to country's energy mix'", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Nuclear energy should be an integral part of the energy mix that India can bank on to bridge the huge gap between the current and targeted per capita electricity consumption, according to nuclear scientists and energy experts attending a seminar on nuclear power held at the National Institute of Technology Calicut (NIT-C) here on Friday.Speaking at the National Science Day seminar, A K Balasubramanian, chief engineer, Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited (NPCIL) said, \"Nuclear power will have to be an integral part of our energy options as we have to increase the installed power generation capacity manifold to bring up the per capita consumption near world average.\"K V Gopidas, additional chief engineer, Kudankulam nuclear power plant, said that the plant incorporates robust design features with multiple levels of safety systems in place to withstand external events such as earthquakes and tsunami. \"Kudankulam plant is an advanced, Generation III+ plant with most modern safety features which provide high degree of assurance to prevent Fukushima type accidents,\" he said.Social activist and writer C R Neelakantan, presenting his arguments against the establishment of nuclear power plants, said that India had failed to develop any indigenous technology for establishing nuclear plants after more than three decades of nuclear research.\"There is no feasible technology for disposing nuclear waste which will stay active for millions of years,\" he said.The installed power generation capacity has to be increased manifold to bring up the per capita consumption near world average, say experts", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12027633", "title": "An immature act: Experts", "text": "BANGALORE: It was an immature act on the part of the department of fire and emergency services, experts are saying of Friday's incident. The department, which has been vocal about how building owners have failed to stock enough fire fighting material and train personnel, appeared amateur in its mock drill.According to the experts, multiple checks should have been done on the equipment used and techniques performed, and most importantly, a 'non-service person' shouldn't have been use for a dangerous method.Colonel Sadananda, retired Army officer and currently working as corporate security officer for Manipal Group, pointed out three things: One, there should have been a pre-check of the equipment. The capacity of any equipment to carry the weight of a human being should be tested before it is used, and untested equipment should not be used for any rescue operation.Two, although it is just rescue training, there should be have been a safety harness around the demonstrator. Three, there was no need to use a rope extradition method, when the department has hydraulic ladders capable of reaching that height.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12027222", "title": "Gadkari to netas: It\u2019s either biz or politics", "text": "BANGALORE: The national BJP leadership on Friday launched a damage-control exercise to give the state unit of the party an \"image makeover\".Talking tough against any indiscipline in the party, BJP national president Nitin Gadkari told the party's Chintan-Manthan baithak at a resort in the city outskirts that an image makeover was in the party's interests in view of not only the impending Udupi-Chikmagalur Lok Sabha by-polls and assembly elections, but also elections that are underway elsewhere in the country.He said there was a wave in favour of BJP in the entire country and he did not want Karnataka BJP to spoil it. \"Karnataka is very important for us, as it's here that the party has assumed power for the first time in South India. The expectations from the state are huge, for it would influence our party's prospects in neighbouring states. I appeal to you all with folded hands to set aside all differences and work unitedly to strengthen the party,'' he reportedly said in his 75-minute address.He cited the instance of G Janardhana Reddy to explain how speedy growth could lead to rapid slide. Referring to the nexus of business and politics, he asked his partymen to choose between the two. \"Those who want to do business can take a break for two to three years to pursue their interest. They can come back after achieving it,'' he said.Flanked by chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda and BJP state president K S Eshwarappa, Gadkari arrived at the resort at 11.09am on Friday.As soon as Gadkari settled down on the dais with the CM, BS Yeddyurappa , Jagadish Shettar and Ananth Kumar, Eshwarappa began his welcome speech in which he spoke of the party and challenges ahead for it.As Gadkari took over from Eshwarappa, Yeddyurappa and his supporters were a picture of unhappiness. Once Gadkari announced the end of the event, Yeddyurappa and his supporters rushed out, thoroughly disappointed and unhappy. None of them stayed back for lunch. They didn't talk to anybody, including the media.When media tried to speak to a minister considered close to Yeddyurappa, he said: \"Please, excuse me today.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12030375", "title": "US envoy's secret cable warns about terror safe havens in Pak", "text": "WASHINGTON: In a \"top-secret\" cable to the Obama administration, America's envoy to Kabul has warned that the existence of terror sanctuaries in Pakistan and insurgent activities of the \"lethal\" Haqqani network were a \"deal-killer\" for the US strategy in Afghanistan.The cable written by Ambassador Ryan C Crocker last month \"amounted to an admission that years of US efforts to curtail insurgent activity in Pakistan by the lethal Haqqani network, a key Taliban ally, were failing,\" the Washington Post reported today.\"Because of the intended secrecy of that message, Crocker sent it through CIA channels rather than the usual State Department ones,\" it said.\"The sanctuaries are a deal-killer for the (Afghan war) strategy,\" a senior defence official, familiar with the ongoing debate, was quoted as saying by the daily.The State Department refused to comment on the authenticity of the cable.\"We are not in a position to comment on alleged leaked cables,\" its spokesman Mark Toner said when asked about the news report.\"Our position on the Haqqani network remains as we've expressed it publicly. Safe havens continue to pose a threat to Pakistan, Afghanistan and the United States and we must do all we can together to see them eliminated,\" Toner told PTI.The Washington Post, however, had not been able to get into the specific details of the cable sent by Croker, except for saying that its content was sensitive that he decided to send it through the CIA channels, which has a more secure communication network.\"The cable has drawn attention in Washington because of its stark message and because American ambassadors rarely argue that the US government must take more forceful action in another country. Officials familiar with the cable declined to name its primary recipient,\" the daily said.It continued to refer to the well-known allegation - that has been doing the rounds for the past several months in Washington now that Pakistan continues to support the Haqqani network.\"There's no debate about the importance of going after Haqqani ... and Taliban militants who launch attacks into Afghanistan -- support for this is universal,\" one US official was quoted as saying.Repeated vows to escalate the US campaign against the Haqqani network have produced seemingly fleeting results, the report said.A CIA drone strike in October was described at the time by Obama administration officials as the opening salvo in a more aggressive assault against the group's leadership in Pakistan.The missile attack had killed Janbaz Zadran, described by CIA analysts as the main organiser of attacks against coalition targets in Kabul and southeast Afghanistan, the report added.\"But the timing of Crocker's cable -- which was sent more than two months after that CIA strike -- suggests that US officials in Kabul have yet to see a shift in momentum or measurable impact.\"The US efforts have been hampered by the group's populated sanctuary, its close ties to Pakistan's intelligence service, and diplomatic ruptures that caused pauses in the CIA drone campaign,\" the daily reported", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "kurnool", "code": "12025585", "title": "Villagers kill leopard in Kurnool", "text": "KURNOOL: A fully grown leopard, which created terror in Dhone mandal, was finally trapped by the villagers of Chanugondla on Friday. The leopard succumbed to injuries later in the custody of forest authorities.Villagers complained that the big cat has been on the prowl since a month but the forest officials did not bother to catch it. The wild animal used to attack cowherds and take away sheep and goat in the night. On Friday morning, the leopard came again to kill sheep when stray dogs saw the wild cat and started barking. The leopard tried to hide itself on a tree but villagers carrying sticks and stones attacked it. The exhausted animal was later trapped by tying it with ropes.The villagers later took out a 'victory rally' in the village before handing it over to the forest officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12025465", "title": "Two nabbed for theft of 38.5kg silver", "text": "AMRAVATI: Amravati rural police have nabbed two persons involved in the theft of 38.5kg sliver. Police have also seized 21.65kg silver from the accused which they had buried in a farm.Addressing the media on Friday, additional superintendent of police Avinash Bargal said that on December 27 a jeweller Anil Baitule had lodged a complaint with Rahimnapur police station against his driver Ashok Sirsath. According to the complaint, Sirsath fled away with around 38.5kg silver.On Thursday crime branch sleuths got a tip off about the suspicious behaviour of a person in Sarafa market of the city. A team led by DYSP Chandrakant Khandavi, PSI Saiyyad, constable Arun Mete reached Sarafa market and nabbed Sirsath.Sources said that he revealed name of his accomplice Trambak Nandapure, who is a relative of Sirsath, in the conspiracy. Sirsath told police that Baitule was heading towards Karanja from Nimbhara village by his car. However, when Baitule got off from his car for some reason, Sirsath fled with the silver. He admitted to have hidden the silver on a farm in Sarkini village in Akola with the help of Trambak. Sirsath has no history in crime but Trambak was found to have been involved in some criminal cases, said Bargal.Police have recovered 21.65kg silver worth around Rs11 lakh from the accused. The duo have been booked under relevant sections of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12027603", "title": "New choppers for Bagdogra base", "text": "KOLKATA: In keeping with the government's policy to upgrade military infrastructure in the eastern and northeastern parts of the country, the newly acquired multi-purpose Mi-5 V5 helicopters have been stationed at the IAF's base at Bagdogra in north Bengal. These helicopters were inducted into the IAF last week in Delhi.The first batch of helicopters was received and inducted into the Eastern Air Command at Bagdogra by Air Vice Marshal KS Gill, Senior Officer Administration, EAC.These helicopters are an upgraded version of the Mi-17 choppers already in use by the Indian Air Force. They have highly automated avionics, multi-functional displays, sophisticated navigation systems and a range of weapons that can be used during combat mode. Their powerful engines will enable the armed forces to react quickly in high altitudes.\"The new helicopters have special night vision capabilities that enable them to carry out low-altitude operations even when it is pitch dark. The weather radar on board gives it all-weather capability. For several years now, the Special Forces have been practicing night operations in difficult terrain the the North East. These helicopters will be ideal for such operations, even if they are carried out in high altitude terrain,\" an official said.Bagdogra is one of the most crucial air bases in the eastern part of the country due to its strategic location. It is located close to the narrow 'chicken neck' region that connects the North East to the rest of the country. The role of the air base will be crucial in the case of an attempt to cut off the North East from the remaining part of the country.Apart from defensive purposes, the air base has an important role to play during disasters - natural or otherwise. After the earthquake in Sikkim , all air operations were conducted from Bagdogra. Mi-17 choppers had to be brought in from Assam then as Bagdogra only had the smaller Chetaks and Cheetahs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12026802", "title": "MUHS bars 4 students for cheating", "text": "NASHIK: Four first year MBBS students have been barred for a year for cheating and their performance cancelled by the Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS).An FIR has been lodged against four MUHS employees-Anand Kadale, Anil Gholap, Pramod Deshmukh and Amit Joshi-and they have been arrested by the Panchavati police.The four students-Amarjeet Kumar, Daradiya Aseem, Mobaswar Hussain and Sarveshwar Banerji-from Nashik District Maratha Vidya Prasarak Samaj (NDMVPS) connived with the MUHS employees in 2011 to get the answer sheets stolen. They later wrote the correct answers and replaced it, the university's public relations officer, Swapnil Torne, said.MUHS vice-chancellor Arun Jamkar said the racket was busted after it was investigated \"very diligently\" by the university staff.The exam for first year MBBS was held in June 2011 when the students took the staff into confidence. The employee stole the answer sheets of physiology and anatomy from the university and handed it over to the students, said exam controller Udaysinh Ravrane.The answer sheets were brought out during the lunch time between 1pm and 1.30pm and replaced between 4pm and 4.20pm. The workers admitted to have taken Rs 2 lakh from one of the students, Amarjeet Kumar\"The students had scratched off the wrong answer and had written the correct answer on the empty space below it. The workers replaced the answer sheets. While checking the papers, the supervisor found something fishy with these answer sheets since the scratched answer was meaningless and the answer written below was just perfect like in the text book, so were the diagrams. An inquiry committee summoned the students who initially refused but on probing they agreed to cheating,\" said Torne.They began investigating into the matter and noticed that the lifestyle and attitude of the daily wage workers had changed.The university authorities summoned the students and questioned them one by one when they admitted to replacing the answer sheets on the premises of the centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12025449", "title": "'Congress may make alliance with NCP'", "text": "AMRAVATI: After all Congress may have to seek the help of Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) in Amravati. Congress has emerged as the single largest party in both municipal corporation and zilla parishad polls but guardian minister Radhakrishna Vikhe-Patil said that to stake claim NCP will be their top priority for post-poll alliance.Addressing media men Vikhe-Patil said, \"Congress will discuss with NCP on alliance matter soon. In AMC and ZP polls Congress and NCP preferred to contest individually but since none has got clear majority Congress will have to make alliance with other parties.\"\"The alliance decision has been taken at the state level. But we will talk to local Congress representatives about the issue and then take a final decision,\" said Vikhe-Patil.Out of total 87 seats in the AMC, Congress got 25 seats while NCP has 17. Hence to be in power, the party will need 44 more seats. In this scenario, the role of BSP, which has six seats, too has become crucial. Like 2007 this time too if Congress strikes an alliance with NCP, then Congress will get mayor's post while the deputy mayor's post will fall in NCP lap.The mayor seat has been reserved for scheduled tribe women and Congress has two eligible candidates - Dr Divya Sisode and Vandana Kangale", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12027285", "title": "Seven ministers seek mandate to survive", "text": "LUCKNOW: With Naseemuddin Siddiqui becoming the latest BSP minister to come under Lokayukta's scanner a day before the fifth phase of UP polls, the going has certainly gone tough for the party in the 2012 assembly elections. However, there are still a few ministers who have escaped the wrath of Lokayukta and are contesting the polls. The challenge for these seven men is not only to register win for themselves, but also to ensure that the party emerges as numero uno from their respective districts.Chaudhary Lakshmi Narayan: After proving his mettle as the troubleshooter of Mayawati government during the land acquisition episode in western UP, state agriculture minister Chaudhary Lakshmi Narayan is all set to appear in the poll examination at Mathura's Chhata exam venue. A four-time MLA, Narayan is facing tough challenge from the candidate of Congress-Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) combine, Thakur Tejpal Singh of RLD. BJP's Tarun Seth and SP's Sanjay Sharma are other contenders for the seat.Ramveer Upadhyay: Considered to be a close aide of BSP supremo, energy minister Ramveer Upadhyay has been a minister in UP government on three previous occasions. Despite facing some Lokayukta enquiries, Upadhyay, who is contesting from Sikandararau in Mahamaya Nagar, had dared the Lokayukta from a public platform in Hathras a few weeks back. In 2007, the minister had defeated Devendra Agarwal of RLD. This time, he is being challenged by RLD's Om Prakash Baghel and Thakur Yashpal Singh of the SP. BJP's Nagedndra Singh Chauhan is also in the fray.Vedram Bhati: Delimitation has forced Vedram Bhati, who is incharge of homeguards wing in the state, to seek political asylum in Jewar assembly seat of Gautam Buddha Nagar. The minister is banking on Gurjar vote bank along with BSP's core dalit voters. In 2007, Bhati had trounced SP's Narendra Singh by bagging more than 48,000 votes. This time, the minister is caught in a triangular fight involving the SP and Congress-RLD combine. Brijendra Bhati of SP, Dhirendra Singh of Congress, and farmer leader and JD(U) candidate Manveer Singh Tevetia have made the fight four-sided.Lakhiram Nagar: After winning from Kharkhauda seat in Meerut in 2007, the minister for minor irrigation, Lakhiram Nagar is contesting this time from Kithore constituency, which has a significance presence of Muslims. Meanwhile, SP has fielded sitting MLA Shahid Manzoor which has made the contest quite even and intense. Locals feel that Muslim votes could easily swing the polls in favour of any party. With RLD's Satyaveer Tyagi also jumping into the fray, the battle has become triangular.Thakur Jaiveer Singh: In 2007, he emerged victorious by pocketing more than 49,000 votes and had defeated RLD's Dalveer Singh from Barauli assembly seat in Aligarh. Apart from facing stiff resistance from rival parties, the minister for rural engineering service is also facing the brunt of anti-incumbency factor. RLD has fielded Thakur Dalveer Singh, while BJP's Manish Gaur and Kalyan Singh's Jan Kranti Party are also trying hard to make their presence felt.Yograj Singh: Minister for agricultural education and research, Yograj Singh made a winning start as he embarked on a political journey with the BSP from Khatauli in Muzaffarnagar district. Later, he was made a minister in the Maya government. This time, the minister is trying his luck from Budhana assembly seat, which has been created after delimitation. This time the minister is in direct contest with Rajpal Baliyan of RLD. The SP has fielded Navzish Alam Khan in a bid to garner a lion's share of Muslim votes.Dharm Singh Saini: Contesting from Saharanpur's Nakur's assembly constituency, Saini, UP basic education minister, is locked in an interesting battle with Imran Masood, who is nephew of Congress leader and former Rajya Sabha MP Rashid Masood. Samajwadi Party's Firoz Aftab contesting the election from this seat has made the poll battle a triangular one. Saini had fought two elections prior to this. In 2007, he had contested from Sarsawan assembly seat and won by a handsome margin. However, this time the going seems to be tough for him.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12027335", "title": "Issue proper power bills: UPERC to LESA", "text": "LUCKNOW: The UP Electricity Regulatory Commission (UPERC) on Friday, directed the Lucknow Electricity Supply Administration (LESA) to issue proper electricity bills/receipts to the consumers.The commission observed that bills issued to the consumers did not contain the amount of power usage or the issuance date, which is not as per the State Electricity Act, 2005.UPERC had filed a petition with the commission to this effect. Parishad's president, AK Verma said that thousands of power consumers have been left in lurch following the lapse.Lesa authorities said the problems in the newly installed software are being scrutinsed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "kurukshetra", "code": "12027286", "title": "Kurukshetra University registrar in contempt loop", "text": "KURUKSHETRA: The Punjab and Haryana high court has issued a contempt of court notice to Kurukshetra University registrar, Surinder Deswal, for alleged misrepresentation of facts in an affidavit relating to appointment of an associate professor.The issue concerns the appointment of Dr Devvrat Singh in the Institute of Mass Communications and Media Technology in KU which was challanged by Dr Ashutosh Mishra, an aspirant and resident of Zirakpur. The high court has fixed March 29 as next date for hearing the case.Deswal reportedly permitted Dr Devvrat Singh to join IMCMT as associate professor, though a case has been filed against the appointment.In 2008, Mishra had challenged the appointment saying that the appointee did not have the required experience. When the court served notice to KU as party in the case, the varsity authorities submitted an affidavit that Dr Devvrat had left KU as he had joined MD Univeristy, Rohtak.The case was accordingly disposed of by the court. But in 2010, Mishra again filed a writ against the joining of the teacher in MDU saying that the teacher was taking wrong advantage of experience in KU.During hearings of MDU case in 2010-11, Devvrat resigned from MDU, Rohtak before the petition's outcome on October 13, 2011 and joined back Kurukshetra University. Earlier, KU had washed its hands off when the court sought the status of appointment of the professor by saying that the teacher had left KU and it had nothing to do with him. But KU registrar meanwhile reportedly permitted the teacher to join the varsity.Asked about the notice, Deswal told TOI over phone, \"I have not received a copy of notice. So I cannot say anything.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12030590", "title": "Dracula died after sucking Pooja Misrra's blood: Sky", "text": "Actor-model Akashdeep Saigal gets chatty with us in an exclusive chat...Although Big Boss is a reality show, I take it as a responsibility to provide entertainment to the audiences and give the channel and producers their money's worth. However, it was exhausting to perform 24x7 for many months, and post finale I took a much needed break and went to Dubai with family and close friends. As for Public glare, it was an amazing high to be so well-received by the jantain India and Dubai, especially Dubai as it a melting pot of Pakistanis, Indians, Bangladeshis, Arabs and Lebanese all of whom were die hard Bigg Boss watchers. It was overwhelming and almost euphoric to be the recipient of so much love and respect.How is life treating you post Bigg Boss?Personally it's been a triumph because despite my reservations on my portrayal harbouring on negative, it seems people have seen me in an honest, outspoken, humorous and good hearted vein and showered me with love, affection, respect and adoration beyond belief. Professionally, things are looking radiant too. Being asked to host shows, attend international fund raisers, movie offers, and also talks for lead roles on TV are happening I'm so grateful to Bigg Boss for what seems to be a new lease of life.Recently Pooja Misrra accused Pooja Bedi and you of 'conspiring against her' on behalf of Timmy Narang. Your comments?Couldn't stop laughing at first when I heard about it, and even retorted in jest that I'd used my direct hotline to Lucifer the devil and Dracula to give her a love bite (she'd alleged one by me earlier) and that Dracula had died after sucking her blood. On a more serious note, Pooja Bedi and I are genuinely concerned about her well-being and hope her family takes her to a good psychiatrist and gets her the treatment she desperately needs.Seeing the kind of criticism you had to face from various contestants during and after Bigg Boss, do you regret participating in the show?It's a reality show and mirch masala and tadka are essential to TV, but having said that, certain contestants seemed to come in with some sort of crazy agenda, duplicity of character and I was confronted with a great deal of hypocrisy, which I can't stomach. I spoke up and exposed a lot of them, which must have touched a raw nerve. However, given the extreme love and warmth by the audiences everywhere I go, I can only say that I really must have done something very right to get the audience's love.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12030594", "title": "Bhumika enters Sandalwood", "text": "After making her presence felt in Tamil, Telugu and Hindi film industries, Bhumika is all set to make her debut in Sandalwood with the Upendra-starrer Godfather.The Badri actress, we hear, recently shot a song for the film in Goa. Confirming the news, Bhumika says, \"Director PC Sreeram is a good friend of mine and I've known him from my Tere Naam days.\" Godfather, a remake of Ajithstarrer Varalaaru, is touted to be one of the most expensive films of Upendra and will also introduce Mozart of Madras AR Rahman to Sandalwood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12025618", "title": "Court orders stay on Subhash Ghai\u2019s Haryana project", "text": "GURGAON: A court in Haryana has stayed Bollywood filmmaker Subhash Ghai's Mukta Arts from performing any type of activity on the 20 acres of land it purchased from the Gram Panchayat of Badhsa village in Jhajjar district.Hearing a plea filed by ex-sarpanches of Badhsa Balbir Singh and Rambir Singh, Additional Civil Judge Rajesh Sharma issued notice to the Haryana government and Mukta Arts chairman Subhash Ghai .The petitioners have claimed that the land belongs to the village communities and the gram panchayat and government had no right to sell it to private firms. They also claimed that Ghai had benefited because of the 'illegal' land deal with the government. The hearing of the case on Thursday was held at Bahadurgarh in Jhajjar district. The court has fixed March 1 for the next hearing. The Badhsa Gram Panchayat had sent a resolution to the Haryana government on January 6, 2010, to permit them to sell land to Mukta Arts. In September 2010, the government allowed the panchayat to sell 20 acres of land at the rate of Rs 29,09,000 per acre. The deal was sealed in October 2010.On February 9, Bombay high court had ordered that 20 acres of land in suburban Goregaon, where Mukta Arts' film and television institute is located, be returned to the Maharashtra government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12027974", "title": "Heat is on: Warming could make us shorter", "text": "LONDON: Global warming could make humans shorter, warn scientists who claim to have found evidence that it caused the world's first horses to shrunk nearly 50 million years ago.A team from the Universities of Florida and Nebraska says it has found a link between the Earth heating up and the size of mammals - horses, in this case, the last time the world heated up.The scientists used fossils to follow the evolution of horses from their earliest appearance 56 million years ago.As temperatures went up their size went down, and vice versa; at one point they were as small as a house cat, said Jonathan Bloch, curator of the Florida Museum of Natural History, was quoted by the Daily Mail as saying.The scientists say that the current warming could have the same effect on mammals - and could even make humans smaller.\"Horses started out small, about the size of a small dog like a miniature schnauzer. What's surprising is that after they first appeared, they then became even smaller and then dramatically increased in size, and that exactly corresponds to the global warming event, followed by cooling.\"It had been known that mammals were small during that time and that it was warm, but we hadn't understood that temperature specifically was driving the evolution of body size,\" Bloch said in the Science journal.The earliest known horse is known as Sifruhippus and appeared during a period known as the Paleocene-Eocene Thermal Maximum. This was a time of warming, lasting 175,000 years, in which increased carbon monoxide saw temperatures gradually rise by between 10 and 20 degrees . Studying fossils collected in Wyoming's Bighorn Basin , the researchers traced the evolution of Sifrhippus from a 12-pound animal that shrank during a 130,000-year period to 8.5 pounds - the size of a small house cat - then increased to about 15 pounds during the next 45,000 years.Ross Secord, from Nebraska university, said, \"This is the highest-resolution terrestrial record of its kind from anywhere in the world and it shows how climate changed in Wyoming at that time.\" PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12031145", "title": "Naseeruddin Shah, Randeep Hooda together after 11 years", "text": "The guru-shishya jodi of Naseeruddin Shah and Randeep Hooda will reunite after a gap of 11 years for a film titled 'John Day'.Hooda, who's so far done theatre under Shah, debuted in Monsoon Wedding (2001) and shared screen space with Shah in the first scene of the film. Since then, Hooda had been looking for an opportunity to star with the veteran actor. \"I am an ardent fan of Naseer sahab. He is an institution in himself and I am glad that after so many years, I would get an opportunity again to share screen space with him\" says Hooda who considers Shah his guru, friend and a confidant and is extremely glad to have finally got a script to work with him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12018180", "title": "Sunny Leone wants to be hotter than Bipasha", "text": "Sunny Leone, who has managed to bag Jism 2, is being compared to Bipasha Basu , who starred in the original film, and is trying hard to look hotter than Bipasha.Ever since Mahesh Bhatt signed her for Jism2, most of her fans are comparing her to the first Jism girl Bipasha Basu. The actress is well aware of the comparisons being made and is gearing up to look hotter and sexier than Bipasha.\"Yes I am working on getting fit for Jism 2. There are a lot of sexy scenes in the movie,\" said Sunny who is also busy taking Hindi lessons. Jism 2 goes on floors on April 1. Apart from workouts, Sunny has been keenly following special diet too.Sunny Leone, who is looking more in shape these days, informs her stay in Big Boss helped her lose weight. \"I lost 12 pounds on the show and now I'm just trying to tone up for Jism2.\" Apart from the workout and good eating habits, Sunny is also following Bikaram Choudhary's Yoga classes.Sunny will sport long, lustrous hair for Jism 2. \"I had a haircut after going home from India to make it healthy. I really want my hair to grow really fast right now for Jism 2,\" She says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12028042", "title": "Mastermind had Naxalite links, say cops", "text": "While the identity of four of the five bank heist suspects shot dead by police on Sunday remains a mystery, the 'Q' branch police have joined the investigation to probe the gang leader's alleged Naxalite links.The Bihar police on Friday informed investigators in Tamil Nadu that three of the four men were not from that state, as police here believed, and that the identity cards found in the suspects' house in Velachery were forged.However, 'Q' branch officers said the head of the gang, a 30-year-old who went by the name Vinod Kumar, had the ends of the fingers of his left hand blown off in an accidental explosion while learning how to make bombs from Naxalites in a northern state after dropping out of college two years ago.Bank CCTV footage, from which police gleaned the mastermind's image, allegedly showed him doing a recce with his left hand in his trouser pocket while he operated a pen spy camera with his right hand. Police officers involved in Thursday's operation said they were taken aback when they inspected his body and found three disfigured fingers.\"The thumb, index and a middle finger, were damaged partially,\" a police officer said. \"The injuries resembled wounds from a bomb explosion.\"The information was passed on to the 'Q' branch, which deputed sleuths to join the investigation. \"We have asked Bihar police to probe whether he had links with Naxalites there. A special team from 'Q' branch may visit Bihar soon,\" the officer said.The police have recovered Rs 14 lakh from the suspects' house in Velachery. Investigators believe that this was part of the Rs 33 lakh that was looted by the gang from a branch of Bank of Baroda on January 23 and IOB on February 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "12028192", "title": "Notice served to 4 restaurants", "text": "DHARWAD: A team headed by the Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) commissioner K V Trilokchandra paida surprise visit to four restaurants in Dharwad and issued show-cause notice to the owners. The team inspected Megha Darshini, Kamat Hotel, Vimal and Lakshmi Savaji restaurants in Dharwad and issued notice to the owners over the poor maintenance.Speaking to TOI Trilokchandra said during the visit, the officials observed that the restaurants had violated the rules and regulations regarding the hygiene measures to be taken up for the safety of the public. The chefs were not wearing head gear, were preparing food and serving with untidy hands and the uniform was not clean. The HDMC will stipulate a time limit to these eateries to adopt precautionary measures for the safety of public and if they fail, their trade and hotel licence will be cancelled, he warned. He said, this is a warning alarm for the hotels to maintain cleanliness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12026854", "title": "Political compulsions come in way", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Political compulsions have again come in way of imposing house tax on residential property as members of the finance and contract committee have refused to approve Rs 10 lakh for survey regarding implementation of tax. The authorities had brought the money in order to start the process. Though, the matter is slated for discussion in the upcoming house meeting.Sources in MC revealed that political parties are not cooperating for imposing house tax and trying to linger on the issue for as long as possible. \"Tax is not the only instrument to increase income. We have other means also which should be discussed in detail,\" said Pardeep Chhabra, member of the committee. Another senior member Subash Chawla said, \"We are not in favour of any tax as it would increase the financial burden on residents of the city. We would look for other options.\"Sources revealed that senior leaders of the Congress party have directly told their representatives to avoid implementing any kind of tax, which could in turn create problems for them in the upcoming parliamentary elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12027678", "title": "DU college president death not suicide: Cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: The mystery behind the death of Kanika Sharma, president of the Vivekananda College union, deepened on Friday with the postmortem report failing to indicate the cause of death. The police has ruled out suicide, going by 'evidence' from the spot.Kanika's death could be a murder or due to poisoning because of an adulterated cold drink. It may also be a natural death. The police are awaiting the viscera report and Forensic Science Laboratory report of the residue from the cold drink which she drank.\"The postmortem report of Kanika states that the cause of death can be ascertained only after examining the viscera samples. We are investigating the case from all angles,'' said DCP(east)Prabhakar. Sources in the Vivek Vihar police, which is investigating the case, said it was highly unlikely that something transpired on the college premises. \"We are questioning some locals outside the college and are trying to ascertain if something happened on her way to the college,'' said an investigating officer.Kanika's uncle, Rajender Sharma, and father Bahadur Sharma have told the police that she had left her home at Jagriti Vihar around 7.30am after breakfast to board a Meerut-Anand Vihar shuttle bus. She arrived at the college in time for her 9am class. \"She was okay when she boarded the bus. However, when she reached college, she complained of dizziness - some friends suspected that her blood pressurehaddropped.They had arranged some food for her and had given her the cold drink when she began vomiting. She later died at the ESI hospital,'' said Rajender.Sources said the statements of her friends had confirmed one thing - Kanika was ill by the time she stepped into the college canteen and then went to the union room. NSUI sources denied that she was under pressure to arrange funds for the college fest and union activities.Kanika, a final year BAstudent, belonged to NSUI and had been elected president of thestudents' union earlier this year. She had studied at Delhi Public School, Ghaziabad, while her younger brother studies at a hotel management institute in Meerut. Her father works at DPS, Ghaziabad.Even as the college was shut for the day, several NSUI activists gathered at the spot and demanded justice for Kanika. \"While the protest was on, it was reported that one of the students lost consciousness andwas admitted at a hospital. She was later discharged,'' said a cop.Three years ago, a 26-yearold man haddied and two of his friends and a shopkeeper had fallen ill after consuming a soft drink at Seelampur in northeast Delhi. The police had suspected that the drink was adulterated and had sent the samples for a lab test. In the end though, no one was arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12027330", "title": "Shashi Kant says row resolved, minister does not confirm", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Mixed signals emanated from government quarters on Friday over whether the row between two senior most cops in Punjab had been resolved or not. While DGP (jails) Shashi Kant said the matter \"had been resolved amicably\", the minister for jails, Hira Singh Gabria, did not sound so sure.The matter has been further complicated with another move wherein Shashi Kant is proceeding on a 5-day leave from Saturday, although his vehicles are not being withdrawn and their petrol allowance has been restored.The issue has been grabbing headlines ever since Shashi Kant made a startling disclosure last week that he had been getting threatening calls from a powerful drug mafia in the state after the DGP started a crackdown on drug trafficking in jails. This was immediately followed by an order by the state DGP Anil Kaushik ordering withdrawal of three vehicles of Shashi Kant, which led to speculations about all not being well between the two officers. Kant refused to release the vehicles saying that Kaushik, in his earlier tenure as DGP (jails), had also retained the same number of vehicles.On Friday, however, Kant claimed that the row had been resolved. \"I am glad that the matter has ended amicably and we are now working as a team to fight the drug menace. The minister was most kind ...my vehicles are not being withdrawn and the petrol allowance has been restored,\" said Kant, after emerging out of a half-an-hour long meeting with Gabria earlier in the day on Friday. He was accompanied by IG Jails, Jagjit Singh .Interestingly, neither principal secretary, home, D S Bains nor state DGP Anil Kaushik could make it to the meeting on Friday, although the two had met Kant a day before, to resolve the issue. That was probably the reason why Gabria initially told newspersons that there was \"no meeting\". However, he later claimed that the matter was \"in the process of being resolved.\"In what is being seen as a snub to Kant, Gabria also claimed that \"75% of the drug menace in jails had been curbed and efforts were afoot to tackle the rest. You cannot root out any problem 100%, but we are still making efforts,\" he said. Earlier, he had expressed displeasure about Kant going to the press with his comments on drug mafia.Kant meanwhile refused to disclose the names of people who are part of the \"drug mafia\". \"I don't have any evidence so I can't take names right now. When I was in Intelligence, there were files on the issue. I am sure they still exist,\" he said in an apparent indication that the state police chief was in the know of things.The CM has been briefed on the issue by the CMO staff, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12027655", "title": "Congress demands probe against Maya's brother", "text": "LUCKNOW: Charging chief minister Mayawati with making frantic efforts to shield her \"favourite fund collector\" Naseemuddin Siddiqui, Congress has demanded his dismissal and also an inquiry against Maya's brother Anand Kumar. Speaking to reporters on Thursday UPCC chief spokesperson Ram Kumar Bhargava said Naseemuddin Siddiqui is only a small component.Talking about the meteoric rise of Anand Kumar, Bhargava said that during her first stint as the chief minister of UP, Mayawati has ordered a house in Noida to be allotted to Anand on a priority basis. \"At that time, Anand was shown in the records as a carpenter working in Noida. Therefore it needs to be probed how a modest carpenter could amass properties worth thousand of crores of rupees just in the span of a few years,\" he asked.Anand Kumar and his family is running at least 16 bogus companies in Noida alone, alleged the Congress leader, and said, \"These units were set up for the purpose of money laundering and Mayawati stands totally exposed before the public after these facts were brought to notice.\"This is the only government in UP's history where 22 ministers have faced charges of corruption and have been also been proved guilty. \"Mayawati had two fund collectors - Babu Singh Kushwaha and Naseemuddin Siddiqui. Both have been pronounced guilty of rampant corruption and swindling during their tenure as ministers. What is needed now is a proper investigation to establish the identity of the beneficiaries of the shady deals struck by the duo. And, the trail would certainly lead to Mayawati,\" he said.The Congress leader also feared that the CM is contemplating to set up a judicial commission to probe charges against Naseemuddin, so that the matter could be put on the back burner and demanded immediate action against him.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12026716", "title": "Leopard skin worth Rs 7 lakh seized, 2 held", "text": "PUNE: The anti-dacoity cell of the crime branch on Thursday arrested two persons with a leopard skin worth Rs 7 lakh.Following a tip-off, the police team led by inspector Satish Govekar laid a trap at Katraj ghat and nabbed Kashinath Kolte (34) and Ravindra Patil (27), both from Kolhapur.Govekar said, \"The officials from the Zoological Survey of India inspected the skin and said that it was of a full grown leopard. The 8x4 feet skin is worth Rs 7 lakh.\"On Thursday afternoon, Govekar received information that two persons from Kolhapur would be coming near a restaurant at Katraj ghat with a leopard skin to sell it. \"The informer also gave the number of the motorcycle of the suspects,\" Govekar said.\"When we nabbed them, the duo was carrying a cement bag. We found the leopard skin in the bag,\" Govekar said.During interrogation, the suspects said that someone from Kolhapur had given them the skin and told them to sell it in Pune. \"We arrested them under the Indian Wildlife Protection Act,\" Govekar said. \"A case in this regard has been registered at the Bharati Vidyapeeth police station,\" he added.According to the police, Kolte was working as a carpenter in Kolhapur, while Patil used to work in a private courier firm.The suspects were produced before the court on Friday. Seeking their custody, the police told the court that they wanted to find out whether the duo had brought the skin from someone or they had killed the leopard. The suspects were sent to police custody till February 27.The investigating team comprised assistant inspector Yashwant Phulwade and constables Nasir Patel, Pradip Shitole, Chetan Mundhe, Santosh Jagtap and Pradip Bhos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12028347", "title": "Playground turns office block with help from BMC", "text": "MUMBAI: In the mid-1980 s, one of Mumbai's oldest and biggest private landowners, Byramjee Jeejeebhoy, handed over a prime plot in Jogeshwari (East) to the BMC after the land was marked as a public playground in the city's Development Plan (DP). Almost three decades later, the 2.5-acre plot touching the Western Express Highway flaunts a massive commercial tower built by a leading city developer as part of a slum redevelopment scheme. The plot is currently worth a couple of hundred crores.While the BMC decided to acquire the plot in 1980 for use as a playground , it was declared a slum in the mid-90 s, according to the builder. This allowed a portion of the land to be exploited commercially.This is yet another case of how lands designated for public amenities have been gobbled up for private development . Mumbai enjoys the dubious reputation of having less than 0.03 acres of open space per 1,000 people-one of the lowest such ratios among major metropolises in the world.The 10,792-square-metre plot at Shankarwadi in Jogeshwari (East) belonged to the Byramjee Jeejeebhoy family, which in the 19century owned over 10,000 acres in Mumbai.City loses open space to builderThe family of Byramjee Jeejeebhoy, once one of the city's largest landowners, has complained to the BMC about the commercial tower that has come up on the prime 2.5-acre plot in Jogeshwari that the BMC acquired from it in the mid-80 s for use as a public playground. The builder says the civic body declared the plot a slum in the mid-90 s.Jogeshwari Plot RowOriginal landowner says BMC stonewalled queriesMUMBAI: Earlier this week, Byramjee Jeejeebhoy Pvt Ltd, the company which controls the family's few remaining tracts of land, wrote a strongly worded complaint to municipal commissioner Subodh Kumar about the misuse of the land (a 2.5-acre plot acquired by the BMC in 1984) that was meant for the public.The landowner filed a slew of Right to Information (RTI) applications to various BMC departments on the matter, but only received vague replies.The firm may now move court. \"We hope you will give your attention to this matter on a priority basis and see that the property acquired for a public purpose is not diverted for commercial purpose,\" says the letter to the BMC chief, a copy of which is with TOI. \"We as the owners of the land from whom the land was acquired expect that you will revert in the matter within a fortnight,\" says the letter.According to documents, the plot was acquired under the Land Acquisition Act after the BMC approved its acquisition for a playground in its meeting on August 7, 1980. The owner was paid around Rs 10 lakh and the land was taken over in 1984. Jeejeebhoy demanded that the compensation be enhanced and received another Rs 15 lakh in 2007. When the land was acquired there was no slum on it. However , over 150 encroachers who had laid stake to the land were paid compensation and removed .Sometime last year, when a senior official of Byramjee Jeejeebhoy was travelling on the Western Express Highway, he was shocked to see a large office building on the plot. \"A few months ago, we noticed that a commercial building of more than 10 storeys was under construction, besides some other construction on the rear of this building,\" says the letter to the civic chief. \"We inquired from the municipal corporation as to the present status of the acquired land in the Development Plan and we have officially been informed that it continues to be shown as playground in the Development Plan,'' adds the letter.The commercial building, called Ackruti Viva, is a project executed by the developer Hubtown (formerly known as Ackruti City ). Vimal Shah of Hubtown told TOI that the land was declared a slum in the mid-1990 s and they commenced work on it soon after. \"Thirty-three per cent of the land has been reserved for a playground,\" he said, adding that the land was already encroached upon by slums when Byramjee Jeejeebhoy handed it over to the BMC. \"They (Jeejeebhoy ) realized that this land had no market value because of the encroachments and hence served a purchase notice on the BMC,\" said Shah.Last August, Jeejeebhoy wrote to the BMC's executive engineer (DP) inquiring about the present occupation of the land. The executive engineer directed the firm to contact the K-East Ward's assistant engineer (maintenance). The assistant engineer in turn directed Jeejeebhoy to contact the K-East ward's project officer. The landowner then filed an appeal under the RTI Act to the deputy chief engineer II (DP), who referred the matter to the superintendent of gardens and assistant commissioner (estates). The superintendent of gardens asked Jeejeebhoy to contact the deputy superintendent of gardens (western suburbs). \"The horticultural assistant, K-East ward, and public information officer informed us to say that the information of the acquired land was not available in their offices ,'' Jeejeebhoy complained in its letter to the civic chief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "12027874", "title": "Gadgil visits mining sites in Sattari", "text": "KERI: Chairman of the Western Ghats panel professor Madhav Gadgil paid visits to mining sites in Sattari on Thursday and Friday to get first hand information about mining activities in the taluka.Goa government appointed Gadgil to study the present status of 105 mines which are operational in various parts of Goa and to submit a report on them. Accordingly, he visited mining areas in Honda and Pissurlem village panchayats in Sattari.Gadgil said, \"By June 2012, I will submit my reports about the mining activities in Goa. I visited the mines in Pissurlem and Honda and also saw personally how mining dumps are raised outside the lease area in Goa.\"Sujeetkumar Dongre, a research associate of the Centre for Environment Education, Porvorim, who is accompanying Gadgil, said, \"Out of 13 mines in Sattari, we visited six and checked the environment impact assessment reports and various other documents.\"At Pissurlem, it was noticed that about 150 mining trucks stopped plying when Gadgil was around. As soon as he finished his visit, the trucks resumed their trips.Vijaykumar Desai, a horticulturist from Advoi, explained to Gadgil how haphazard mining activities in Pissurlem and Honda damaged cashew nut, areca nut and coconut gardens and other agricultural crops. Hanumant Parab from Pissurlem alleged that mining companies in Sattari failed to undertake protective measures to prevent the silt from flowing into the rivulets.Uday Desai from Advoi said, \"At Khodiye, a mining company has begun dumping mining rejects at a new site by clearing trees without obtaining permission from the forest department. Our cattle suffer since there is no land available for grazing and water for drinking.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "12027448", "title": "First all-woman police station in Thrissur", "text": "THRISSUR: The first all-woman police station in Thrissur district, which aims to curtail violence against women and find quick solutions in cases involving them, started functioning in the city on Friday. It was inaugurated by chief minister Oommen Chandy. This is the fourth such police stations in the state.The new station is situated near the office of Inspector General of Police in Sakthan Nagar. Earlier, women cell and helpline were functioning in this building.It will deal with all cases related to women. Cases in which women are the accused will also be referred to this station.The helpline number of the woman police station is 0487 - 2428855. tnnT R Santhosh, CI, Town East Station, said, \"Cases related to women will be investigated by women cops. Cases in which men are the accused will be referred to respective stations. The police helpline number of the woman police station is 0487 - 2428855.Sub Inspector Devi will head this station, which will also have an ASI and six women civil police officers. The station will be under the supervision of Town East CI. Police stations in Guruvayur, Pavaratty, Ollur, Nedupuzha, Town East, Town West, Mannuthy, Peechi, Peramangalam and Viyyur will come under its limit.Chief minister Oommen Chandy who opened the station, also addressed the passing put parade of 473 recruits at the Kerala Police Academy in Ramavarmapuram on Friday. He said police should take the initiative to develop trust between themselves and the public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12025665", "title": "CBI probe into MSSIDC coal scam demanded", "text": "NAGPUR: The Bharatiya Janata Party on Friday demanded a CBI probe into the alleged Rs 100 crore coal scam in Maharashtra Small Scale Industrial Development Corporation (MSSIDC). The corporation controlled by state industry ministry is entitled to a coal quota of 80,000 tonnes per month for supply to small units like brick kilns, dal mills and small steel units. There are complaints of the quota being misused and coal being lifted in names of bogus and closed down units to be sold on premium in the market.BJP state spokesman Girish Vyas, party general secretary Prabhakar Yeole and city president Anil Sole told media here that irregularities had been going on for years in MSSIDC but the government failed to stop them. After media reports in recent past, MSSIDC managing director was transferred. Instead of taking a deterrent action against M/s Mohit Minerals which was appointed handling agent and was allegedly involved in the scam, the government released Rs 15 crore bank guarantee of the coal handler.Vyas alleged that Mohit Minerals was given the relief by industry minister Narayan Rane on November 11. This was despite a firm assurance given by the minister on the floor of the state legislature that the bank guarantee of the erring firm would be frozen. To a question raised in legislative council by Prabhakar Nevle, Rane had specifically stated that action was being taken against D G Philip and some other officials for the irregularities on coal supply through MSSIDC. The handler has been accused of charging a premium of Rs 300 per tonne illegally from the units entitled to coal supply.A PIL has also been filed last year in this regard in the high court and Vyas has joined in the case. It will come up for hearing on Feb 29. \"We have attached additional documents of favour shown to the firm by Rane,\" said Vyas. Two year ago, state BJP president Sudhir Mugantiwar had also written to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan demanding action against those involved in irregularities. \"Apparently, no action has been taken,\" rued Vyas who has also filed a police complaint against Philip for threatening him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12025713", "title": "1 killed, 10 injured as pvt bus rams into tree", "text": "NAGPUR: A private bus rammed into a tree killing its cleaner and injuring 10 people including the driver and a 7-year-old boy. The Arhant Travel bus was coming from Jabalpur when the accident took place near Bhilgaon village, on Kamptee Road, on Friday morning.The police have booked not only the bus driver, Anil Patel, but also the owner of the bus, Raju Meghlani, for not replacing the driver who was driving without any rest. Patel had driven from Seoni to Jabalpur on Thursday and was immediately asked to leave for Nagpur.Patel swerved the bus to avoid hitting another vehicle coming from the opposite direction and crashed against a tree. The incident took place at 5am when the 32 passengers were asleep.The impact was more on the cleaner's side of the vehicle, killing him on the spot. The front portion of the bus got entangled in the tree trunk and it took a crane almost an hour to extricate it.Traffic cops deployed at the Kamptee diversion rushed to the spot on hearing a loud noise. The Yashodhara Nagar police officials were alerted too. Police found it difficult to rescue the passengers as the door of the bus was jammed.Passengers on the front seats sustained serious injuries. Raju Singh, the conductor, claimed he and Patel rescued the passengers before the cops reached the spot.\"We managed to break the windows and help the passengers out. The critically injured passengers were rushed to the Indira Gandhi Government Hospital by the police,\" said Raju.While Raju insisted that the accident took place as Patel tried to avoid colliding with an oncoming vehicle, some people on the spot said the bus was moving in a zigzag fashion.\"Patel was awake and said that we will halt near the Kamptee diversion. The bus was moving at high speed and Patel panicked on seeing the oncoming vehicle. Hence, he drove the bus down the road,\" said Raju.A few of the injured were discharged after a few hours. Police said no one from the cleaner's family were present and, hence, the post mortem would be conducted on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12026193", "title": "35K aspirants to principal posts to take TET today", "text": "AHMEDABAD: State examinations board will conduct head teachers eligibility test (TET) for recruiting principals in various government-run primary schools today. Sources said that there are 5,000 vacant principals position, of which 2,500 will be filled by direct recruitment and the remaining will be filled through TET.In all, 34,780 teachers aspiring to become principals will take the exam that will be held in 92 centres across eight municipal corporations Ahmedabad, Vadodara, Surat, Rajkot, Junagadh, Jamnagar, Bhavnagar and Gandhinagar .TET will be a two-hour exam of 150 marks with objective-type questions. Candidates in open category will have to obtain minimum 60 per cent, while those in reserved category will have to get at least 55 per cent to become eligible for principal's post.The results will be declared within 10 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12026034", "title": "Indo-US joint exercise from March", "text": "JAISALMER: An Indo-US military exercise Yudh Abhyas involving mechanized forces is scheduled to be conducted in Mahajan field firing range in the state from March first week. The latest in the series of exercises between the two countries is designed to improve bilateral cooperation between the two armies and enhance their ability to operate side by side at the tactical level, within the framework of UN peacekeeping operations.Defence sources said this exercise will see troops of US 25th Infantry Division, US Army Pacific, Hawaii train with Indian soldiers from the South Western Command in a well-designed setting for peace support operations. The participants will engage in a number of defined operational missions that include security of lines of communication, intelligence-based peace enforcement operations and extrication/rescue operations.A US military delegation comprising around 200 men accompanied by armoured personnel carriers will take part in the exercise, army sources said. American tanks will also take part in Yudh Abhyas which is a company-level military training exercise, the sources added.Indian Army will have its Russian-origin BMPs along with armoured tanks for the joint exercise.After the 'Yudh Abhyas, 130 Indian infantry troops will join their American counterparts in the exercise Shatrujeet to be held in April in California.Later, in the series of joint training exercises, special forces of the two countries will also test their skills in a mountain exercise codenamed 'Vajra Prahar'. Sixty troops from American special forces and an equal number from the Indian Army's 3 Para (Special Forces) will take part in the wargame in Chaubatia in Uttarakhand in August, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12028188", "title": "Protest against LPG cylinder crisis in city", "text": "VARANASI: Angered over the shortage of domestic LPG cylinders before the festive season, a number of local residents held a demonstration under the banner of Subah-E-Banaras, a social and voluntary organisation in Maidagin area in the heart of the city on Friday.The residents including housewives carried posters and empty cylinders to show their anger against the crisis of domestic LPG cylinders in the city.The activists also blamed the indiscriminate use of domestic LPG cylinders for commercial purpose across the city for the existing crisis.Mukesh Jaiswal, president of the organization, also highlighted the issue of refilling and supply of low weight cylinders, seeking the intervention of district administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12019361", "title": "Fancy names for Uday Chopra's motorbikes", "text": "Actor Uday Chopra tweeted this picture of his prized collection of motorbikes with fancy names such as Esmeralda, Annie and Betty, deliciously anointed My Harem. They may as well be the only hot numbers he has time for these days, given that we have often seen him race his bike in the streets of Mumbai in the wee, perhaps to get his act right for \"Dhoom 3\".In the \" Dhoom\" series in the past, beefy two-wheelers have assumed their singular machismo. And for sure, Uday must match this pace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "lucknow/new delhi", "code": "12026928", "title": "UP health scam: Aides of 2 former ministers detained", "text": "LUCKNOW/NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation on Friday searched 30 premises in Varanasi, Lucknow, Meerut, Gonda, Bahriach, Ballia and Gorakhpur and traced investments made in China out of the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam money.Investigators have detained four people, including Rais Khan alias Guddu Khan, a close associate of sacked family welfare minister Babu Singh Kushwaha , and Mahendra Pandey, an aide of former health minister Anant Misra. Kushwaha and Mishra had to resign after the NRHM scam surfaced in April last year. A retailer of medicine in Varanasi till 2007, Pandey is said to have invested heavily in China after his earnings grew rapidly in the past four years. The CBI may ask the enforcement directorate to probe the investments made abroad from the NRHM scam booty. The CBI has so far registered 12 cases in connection with alleged embezzlement of Central funds allocated under the NRHM, in which it has named several leaders, including Kushwaha, and bureaucrats like the then family welfare secretary Pradeep Shukla. So far eight people have been held.Premises of four former chief medical officers and their deputies posted in Gonda, Bahraich and Gorakhpur were searched. The searches began early Friday morning. The premises searched included CJ Surgical Goods in Kanpur, office of the CMO Bahraich and those of the residential and offices of senior officials of the medical health department who had served as CMO or deputy CMO in Gonda, Bahraich and Gorakhpur.The CBI is probing the Rs 5,700-crore NRHM scam following the high court order. The scam came to light last year when two CMOs were killed and one deputy CMO, accused of masterminding the two murders, was found dead inside Lucknow jail. Two more deaths are linked to the scam. Last month, an engineer of Jal Nigam, whose house had been raided by the CBI, was killed while a clerk of Lakhmipur Kheri CMO officer was found dead on February 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12025691", "title": "Demand for allotment of Lashkari Idgah land hots up", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Thousands of people of Muslim community took out protest march to district collectorate on Friday to press the demand of allotment of land of Lashkari Idgah located on Nagpur road. Overruling the orders of State Waqf Board, SDO Sheetal Ugle in a recent ruling had ordered that only small part of land in question could be used as Idgah while bigger part stands as open space of revenue department.President of Idgah committee, Sayyad Haji Ali said that people of Muslim community are using 4,140 sq meter of the Waqf land located in front of Janta College on Nagpur road to perform Namaz twice a year on the occasion of Eids. Government record has a mention of the said land as Idgah meant for Muslim community since 1935. But since 2007 disputes have risen over the ownership of the land following objection raised by Janta College management, vendors and two more parties. Janta College management and other parties had filed suite in civil court, but court had ruled in the favour of Idgah management committee and termed the land as Waqf land. The appeal petition filed by college and other parties later in district court too was dismissed in favour of committee. Later they moved high court and matter is still sub-judice.Meanwhile Idgah committee filed an application with the State Waqf Board to take possession of its land. The board after hearing all objections from all the parties ruled that the said land is Waqf land. According to orders of Waqf board, tehsildar transferred 7/12 document of the land in the name of Waqf board in February 2011. But, once again college management and other parties filed objection with SDO's court. A few days back SDO Sheetal Ugle gave ruling over the appeal claiming that only 3,300 feet of land is part of Idgah, while remaining is revenue land. A delegation of the Idgah committee went to meet Ugle over the issue after ruling but she allegedly behaved rudely and insulted the delegation members, Ali said.Irked over the decision and behaviour of SDO Ugle, a massive protest march under the banner of Muslim Haq Sangharsh Samiti was taken to collectorate. A delegation met collector Vijay Waghmare and submitted their memorandum. Leader of delegation Abid Ali informed that collector had asked to file review application over the matter before him and assured to", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12026349", "title": "Armed forces tribunal disposed of 417 cases in 2011", "text": "JAISALMER: The Rajasthan bench of the Armed Forces Tribunal (AFT) has disposed of 417 cases which were filed in the during 2011.The AFT Act provides for adjudication by the tribunal of disputes and complaints about commission, appointments, enrolment and service conditions in respect of those covered by the army, air force and navy Acts. It also hears appeals arising out of orders, findings or sentences of a court martial. The tribunal has original jurisdiction in service matters and appellate jurisdiction in court martial matters.The AFT was inaugurated on August 8, 2009 through an Act passed by Parliament on 2007. Most cases pertaining to armed forces personnel that were earlier pending before various high courts have been transferred to the AFT. The AFT was set up for the armed forces as civilian courts took years to decide their cases. These inordinate delays had an adverse impact on discipline, morale and functioning of the military, defence spokeperson S D Goswami said.Each court has a two-member bench comprising a judicial member, a retired high court judge. An administrative member, a retired service officer of the rank of major general and above are also part of the court.For the state ATF, in addition to the principal bench at Jaipur, a regional bench has been set up in Jodhpur, virtually taking justice to the doorstep of ex-servicemen living in remote areas. Of the total 417cases disposed during 2011, 126 are original applications, 220 transfer applications, two appeals, 38 miscellaneous applications, 25 review applications and six contempt applications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12027004", "title": "Identity cloud over killed Tamil Nadu 'robbers'", "text": "PATNA: In a development that should cause concern to the Chennai cops who \"identified\" four of the five suspected bank robbers they killed in an \"encounter\" in a house in Velachery soon after Wednesday midnight, Bihar police could sort of confirm the identity of only one. The two others never existed while one is alive and kicking.\"The following accused in two bank robbery cases were killed in a police encounter in the wee hours of today (23.2.12) while they indiscriminately fired on police personnel. Their names and addresses are furnished based on the information available in the EPIC cards found in their possession,\" Chennai police commissioner wrote to Bihar DGP on Thursday. The faxed message gave the names of the deceased and their addresses as Chandrika Ray, son of Kripali Ray, Maujipur village, Fatuha, district Patna; Harish Kumar, son of Panchhi Rai, Purushottampur village, Raghopur, district Vaishali; Vinay Prasad, son of Jamuna Prasad, Bahapar village, district Nalanda and Vinod Kumar, son of Meghnath Sao, Raipura village, Fatuha, district Patna.The Bihar police HQ immediately activated the district superintendents of police (SPs) concerned who sent out their officers after poring over the electoral rolls of the villages.On the basis of inputs received from the districts, Bihar police HQ sources said Jamuna's son Vinay had gone to Chennai 14 years ago and returned ten years later to drive an autorickshaw in Patna for two years. He sold off the vehicle and worked as a labourer in different factories in Patna.\"He would come home after every three-four days. This time, however, he has been away for more than a week after he left home without telling anyone in the family where was he going,\" a Nalanda police officer, Kripa Sagar, quoted his wife, Madhuri Devi, as having told police.Nalanda SP Jitendra Rana told TOI Vinay did not have criminal antecedents in the district.A team of Patna police scouted Maujipur for Chandrika's family and ended up catching Chandrika himself along with his father Kripali.In Raipura, there was no one named Meghnath Sao. However, police found out one Meghnath Mahto. Mahto has one daughter from his late wife and two minor sons from second wife, none of whom is named Vinod.In Vaishali's Raghopur, policemen located two villages by the name of Purushottampur from where they searched out four Panchhi Rais. But no one in their family is named Harish Kumar.In response to a request from Bihar police, meanwhile, Chennai police on Friday evening faxed the photographs of the four deceased. \"But they are of poor quality, hardly of any help,\" Bihar ADG (HQ) Ravindra Kumar said even as he did not rule out the possibility of the three possessing fake EPICs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12027101", "title": "Perungudi waste plant on hold", "text": "CHENNAI: The environment clearance given by the state government to set up an integrated solid waste management plant at Perungudi has been set aside by a National Green Tribunal bench on the ground that the site of the proposed plant was less than 10km from the Guindy National Park.The tribunal bench, which began operations on Friday, took notice of a 2006 notification of the Union ministry of environment and forests declaring 10km area around a national park as eco-sensitive. According to the notification, permission has to be sought from the environment ministry and an environment impact assessment (EIA) has to be done before any project can begin within this zone.During the hearing on Friday, Justice C V Ramulu of the tribunal said, \"According to principal chief conservator of forests and wildlife warden, Chennai, the distance (between the site of the proposed plant and the park) is about 5.6km.\"Reading out the order, the judge accused the Environment Impact Assessment Authority, which cleared the project, of blindly believing the Corporation of Chennai. \"Does pollution travel only on roads?\" he asked a visibly embarrassed TNPCB official representing the authority.The EIA was done by a private consultant, the first firm to be accredited by the National Accreditation Board for Education and Training. \"The firm was looking to help the corporation set up the plant rather than give an unbiased report,\" said Ritwick Dutta, the lawyer who argued the case.\"We are yet to receive a copy of the order. We will study it and then respond,\" said corporation commissioner P W C Davidar when contacted. On the future of garbage management in the city, he said, \"We are working on an expression of interest, which will be publicized next week. This has taken all factors into consideration.\"Following complaints about the corporation's indifference towards the mounting garbage problem, the previous DMK regime decided on an integrated solid waste management programme. Through a global tender, Mumbai-based Hydroair Techtonics was chosen in 2009 and the programme was launched in 2010 after clearance from the State Environmental Appraisal Committee and the State Environment Impact Assessment Authority. Within a few weeks, the National Environment Appellate Authority (NEAA) stayed the plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12027454", "title": "Budding engineers pedal on a new way", "text": "LUDHIANA: In the midst of major cycle manufacturers displaying their models at the Bike Expo - 2012 on Friday was a group of students hoping to catch the eye of some visitors and show them their own innovative creation. Students of mechanical engineering at Guru Nanak Dev Engineering College, Gill Road, they have designed a three-wheel cycle called Effi, which can be ridden by two people sitting beside each other.However, the best bit about their innovation is that pedalling the cycle for 30 minutes gives its battery energy to last an hour. The battery is connected to a motor and one can enjoy a cycle ride without pedalling. Resident of Green Field, Jaskirat Singh said a total of eight students worked on creating the cycle for two months. \"The seats of the cycle are adjustable and there are pedals on both sides but if one person doesn't want to pedal his pedal will not move. The cycle's suspension is wishbone, which means that even if the cycle goes into a pothole it will remain stable,\" he said.Model Gram-resident Bhavik Grover said the weight of their model is between 60-70kg and has four shockers to make the ride smooth. \"We wanted to design such a cycle that will grab eyeballs at the expo though we know that the other exhibitors are big players and we hardly stand a chance of competing with them. However, our innovation did draw many curious visitors and we are happy about that,\" said Bhavik. Harkirat Singh, who stays in Model Town Extension, said they had worked on the cycle for many hours and their efforts were rewarded when people complimented their model.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12028057", "title": "Motorists to see light at end of tunnel by May", "text": "MUMBAI: There will not only be light but traffic too at the end of the tunnel for Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) officials as work on twin tunnels on the Anik-Panjrapole Road at the foot of the BARC mountain continues at a fast pace.\"The left tunnel will have four lanes and 500 metre-long , of which 350 metres is ready. The tunnel will be opened to motorists by May,'' said MMRDA officials.MMRDA commissioner Rahul Asthana said work on the right hand 555 metre-long tunnel will be done on a war footing . The tunnels start from Ashok Nagar, at the footsteps of the BARC hill and will end at Gautam Nagar near Panjrapole.Work on the twin tunnels which are 17 metre-wide and 10 metres' height was on for most of last year, even during the rains. Engineers working on the project said work had been divided into two parts: The crown portion, which is the top of the hill, and the benching portion at the ground level.The plan was to open one of the tunnels before 2011.Hope AheadThe Project Twin tunnels on Anik-Panjarpol Road at foot of BARC mountainCost Tunnels are integral part of eastern freeway project slated to cost Rs847crCompletion MMRDA is pushing hard to complete project by year-endStatus 9.3-km corridor from S V Patel Junction on P D'Mello Road to beginning of Anik Panjarpol Link Road 70% complete, while 5-km corridor from Anik to start of Panjarpol-Ghatkopar Link Road 60% complete and 2.5 km-corridor from Panjarpol to Ghatkopar Mulund Link Road 45% readyHow It Will Help When fully operational, tunnels will help traffic flow along Anik Pranjapol Road. It will also give a fillip to traffic in Chembur", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12028066", "title": "Don't accept dynasty raj, says Malini", "text": "MARGAO: Former Bollywood heartthrob and Rajya sabha MP Hema Malini provided a boost to the BJP's poll campaign in South Goa on Friday as she addressed three public meetings-one in Cuncolim and two in Margao - that witnessed a sizeable turnout of people.Addressing the gathering in Margao, Hema Malini exhorted the public to vote the BJP to power in order to take the state on the fast track of development. \"All BJP-ruled states in the country have been witnessing tremendous development. During the BJP's rule in Goa, the then chief minister Manohar Parrikar had brought about large scale development, including construction of 18 bridges. However, you then brought the Congress to power and development has come to a standstill ever since,\" the film icon of yesteryears said.Hema Malini, who is also the national vice president of the BJP, said the high level of corruption in the state has prevented big industrial houses from setting shop in Goa thereby leading to rise in unemployment. She also blamed illegal mining in the state for lack of development. \"The revenue generated from illegal mining doesn't go for development, but into the pockets of the politicians,\" she said.With regards to the issue of family raj, she urged the people to not to accept dynasty politics. \"The Congress party has given 12 seats out of 40 to five families. Will you accept this? You should not,\" she stressed.She also castigated the government for the deteriorating law and order situation, rising crime graph, and unmanageable garbage problem. \"Goa is beautiful and peaceful...I urge you to keep it that way, peaceful, clean and beautiful,\" Hema Malini said. Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12025920", "title": "\u2018Violence has become a norm in Syria\u2019", "text": "On October 29 last year it was said in this column, \"There are no signs that Bashar al Assad will leave office on his own will soon. And also there are no signs of the any Western country, like in the case of Libya, taking the lead in organizing attacks on Syrian military. Therefore, the situation would remain tense and occasionally violent with no quick solution in sight in the immediate future.\"There is no dramatic change on the Syrian front since then. President Bashar al Assad is still holding on to power firmly with violence becoming the norm. More than 7,000 people have been killed, with 60 alone in Homs earlier this week. Al Assad appears in no mood to yield to the pressures, both internal and external. He does wish to hang on to power as long as possible but it seems that the struggle to oust him is entering a crucial phase.While the Arab and European 'Friends of Syria' meet this weekend with US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton joining them to chalk out the future plans for Damascus, there are reports that Russia is getting ready to counter 'foreign interferences' in that beleaguered Arab country.However much one would like to see the Arab Spring as a local phenomenon aimed against oppressive regimes the relentless NATO bombing of Libya and brutal elimination of Colonel Muammar Gaddafi, the subsequent rush of the Western powers to grab the best possible commercial and political deals there have all now made the uprisings suspect. Whose game it is, the people across the world have begun to ask.After lying low for about a decade, Russia has decided to up its stakes in the Arab world. The loss of Libya has hurt Russia deeply. It may not like the same thing to happen with Syria, its last Arab ally. Hence, the visit of the Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and Foreign Intelligence Service Director Mikhail Fradkov to Damascus on February 7. Later Russia and China have vetoed two Arab League sponsored resolutions in UN Security Council to end the crisis in Syria. Syria's debts to Russia in 1991 were around $13 billion. In 2005 Russia wrote off the debts. Syria is said to have made some promises of future deals with Russia. However, the annual trade between the two countries has not gone beyond $ 1 billion until recently.With the talks of arming the opposition in Syria growing among the Arab and Western diplomatic circles, the scenario could become murkier. The opposition about whom the top US military brass is not fully familiar with does not seem to be in a position to sustain, leave alone delivering unnerving blows, to the Syrian military attacks. It is suffering heavy casualties. There are also questions in regard to what happens if the opposition fails even after receiving the material support? Would the 'Friends of Syria' like to ask the Western world to intervene militarily? Also, arming of the opposition would lead to further militarization of Syria which may have dangerous effects now and later in the region.Taking advantage of the unpredictable situation in Syria, Russia appears to be toughening its stand. It already has China and Iran on its side. Russian President Dmitry Medvedev is trying to expand his support base in the Arab world by calling the heads of state on phone and exhorting them to appreciate his country's stand. In his calls the President is said to have, emphasised that \"foreign interference, attempts to assess the legitimacy of the leadership of a state from the outside run counter to the norms of international law and are fraught with the threat of regional and global destabilization.\"With the threat of an Israeli attack on Iran's nuclear installations inching towards reality yet another dimension has got added to situation in Syria. In case of any attack, some of the Arab and Western nations would automatically get sucked into the crisis. In a scenario like that Bashar al Assad would love to open its front with Israel . That, in turn, would give him a new lease of life at home.The solution of the uprising in Syria lies in political dialogue. Bashar al Assad should be encouraged by his Arab allies to hold negotiations with the Opposition and give assurance of peaceful transfer of power to a democratically chosen set of people. Saudi Arabia , Egypt and Qatar could play a crucial role. If the situation in Syria is not handled delicately with foresight, the crisis has the potential to put the entire region into flames.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "sai centre", "code": "12027563", "title": "Rahul kicks his way into Asian tourney", "text": "SAI Centre: Rahul Chaudary, a trainee of the Sports Authority of India, has made his place in the junior Asia judo championship by bagging a gold medal in the junior national judo championship that was held at Agra, Uttar Pradesh, recently. Rahul took part in the 66-weight category of under-20 age group.Rahul, 18, said he is delighted with his performance as he competed with judokos from different states. He played five matches in the competition and won all. In the finals, he beat a player from Karnataka, who was winner of the junior championship in 2011. He said for this championship, he had prepared himself very hard. A student of intermediate in Spring Dale School, Rahul Chaudary said three years ago, he started practicing in SAI centre and after coming to this place he has won a number of medals and attributed his win to the good infrastructure that the place has.He said his uncle, Narinder Singh, who was a judo player and Olympian, inspires him and he seeks his constant guidance.This was not for the first time that Rahul has won a gold medal in the national meet. Earlier, he had won a gold medal in the CBSE North Zone-2 judo competition that was held in Hisar, Haryana, in 2011. In the same year, he won a gold medal in the CBSE school nationals judo meet that was held at Sonipat, Haryana. Rahul is focusing on the Asian meet right now, though his main aim is to win a medal for India in the Olympics.Rahul's coach, Rakesh Singh said his trainee performed well in the national meet and worked very hard. He said he used to spend six hours on practice. SAI incharge Harbans Singh said they provide best facilities to their trainees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12027284", "title": "Rahul takes on BJP at Noida rally", "text": "NOIDA: A day after a scathing attack on Mayawati and BSP, Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi trained his guns on senior BJP leader LK Advani. He said that even though the senior leader took out a rath yatra against corruption across the country, he has been oblivious to the same prevalent in BJP-ruled states. Speaking at a poll meeting in Noida on Friday, the Congress scion also lashed out at the BJP accusing it of creating obstacles in passing the Lokpal Bill.\"The most senior leader of BJP has not seemed to look at corruption prevalent in Karnataka, Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, Madhya Pradesh and Gujarat,\" said Rahul. \"Despite its claims of fighting against corruption, the BJP took the most corrupt minister in Uttar Pradesh into their fold when he was evicted from Mayawati's cabinet,\" he added.Rahul squarely placed the blame on the BJP for not cooperating with the UPA government in passing the Lokpal Bill. \"When we placed the Lokpal Bill for voting in Lok Sabha, senior BJP leaders smiled at us and pressed the red button to reject it. On being questioned by the media, BJP leaders said that the bill had never been their dream,\" Rahul said. The Congress leader made a strong pitch over the Lokpal Bill saying that it was the dream of the Congress, including Sonia Gandhi and Manmohan Singh, and the 'aam aadmi' alike to establish a strong lokpal in the country.Attacking successive governments who ruled Uttar Pradesh over the last 22 years, Rahul said that such parties promised a lot, but delivered very little. \"The state has remained stagnant over the last 22 years even though Mulayam has been elected thrice and Mayawati four times. Mulayam rode to power each time on the promise of free electricity to farmers, but ignored the same when he became the chief minister,\" Rahul said.Rahul also accused Mayawati's government of rampant corruption. \"Mayawati has siphoned off about Rs 1,000 crore meant for the JNNURM scheme, leaving urban development facilities like roads and drains in complete disarray. The Rs 8,000 crore financial aids sent by the Centre for the Bundelkhand region was also looted among her ministers,\" he alleged. \"It's not the money of the central government that has been looted but the hard-earned money of UP's taxpayers,\" he added.Raising his pitch over the land acquisition row in Gautam Budh Nagar, Rahul said that when farmers raised their voice over their land being sold to builders, they had to bear the brunt of police brutality. \"A woman in Bhatta village told me that her land was acquired even without her knowledge. When she complained to the police, they burnt the standing crops,\" said Rahul, while attacking Mayawati for claiming \"that nothing has happened in the area and Rahul has gone mad.\"Making a departure from his earlier remark that people from UP go about begging on the streets of Maharashtra, Rahul said, \"People from UP toil hard in other states like Maharashtra, Punjab and Haryana to ensure their rapid development. Leaders should hold hands with the general public and work towards development, but it is sad that most don't do so. However, I have a lot of time ahead and assure you that I will stand alongside with you in your fight.\"Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12028017", "title": "Two hurt in Usgao group clash", "text": "PONDA: Ponda police have registered cases of attempt to murder against both parties after a group clash between their members left two persons injured at Nanus Usgao, Ponda, on Friday evening.The victims, Ulhas Gaude and Krishna Gaude, both residents of Nanus Usgao, suffered knife injuries and have been admitted to Goa Medical College and hospital, Bambolim, for treatment.Ponda DySP Dinraj Govekar said that it was not clear if the clash was politically motivated or due to personal rivalry. All persons involved in the clash are natives of Nanus Usgao and are neighbours, the police officer said.According to the police, Vishranti, wife of Ulhas Gaude, lodged a complaint against Ankush Gaude, Rohidas Gaude and Krishna Gaude alleging that the trio attempted to kill her husband on Friday evening.Based on her complaint, the police have registered an offence against the trio under Sections 307 read with Section 34 of Indian Penal Code (IPC). No person has been arrested in connection with the case until late Friday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12028189", "title": "In new plan, Kingfisher to operate 36 flights out of Mumbai daily", "text": "Kingfisher Airlines finally released its new schedule late on Thursday. According to the new schedule, of the average 42 flights daily, the airline would be operating 36 out of Mumbai. Though the schedule has been released, it will be effective only from February 26 till March 24 and is still subject to government clearance. The airline will not be operating direct flights from Mumbai to many Tier II cities, including Jaipur, Hyderabad , Trivandrum and even Nagpur. Tour operators said there have been no bookings for Kingfisher despite the new schedule and low fares.According to the new schedule, Kingfisher will resume its cancelled Mumbai-Singapore daily flight from Sunday. It will also operate nine flights to Delhi and four to Bangalore, among others. The airline has, however, has still not started flights to cities like Hyderabad and Jaipur. Hence, those who have booked for the coming months on these sectors will have to either take the airline's offer to fly via Bangalore and Delhi respectively or look for tickets on other carriers. The same would hold for Trivandrum which Kingfisher would link through Bangalore. Earlier , the airline had two flights daily for each of these sectors.\"The problem is that people still do not have confidence to book Kingfisher flights. Even the schedule given by them holds till March 24. This means that passengers still do not have an assurance for bookings made beyond these dates,\" said Rajesh Rateria, managing director, Cirrus Travels. Another Fort-based travel agent said that many of his clients booked on Kingfisher for April and May have withdrawn their bookings. \"Though I advised them to wait and watch, they chose to book on other airlines to avoid paying for higher fares in case of cancellations later,\" the agent said. \"No new bookings have been made on Kingfisher yet,\" he added.Tour operators said that air-fares remained high for business travellers even on the weekend. \"Only Kingfisher is offering the cheapest business class ticket between Rs 9,000 and Rs 13,000 for most metros or big cities. Other airlines are charging at least Rs 16,000 for Bangalore and as much as Rs 28,000 for Kolkata. On many flights, depending upon the time and the rush, the fares are as high as Rs 50,000 for one way,\" the Fortbased agent said.According to operators, Kingfisher was able to woo the economy class flyers till a few days ago with their extra cheap fares. That, too, has stopped as the uncertainty over the flight status grew among flyers.The Flight PathNo direct flights to Tier II cities, including Jaipur, Hyderabad and Trivandrum. Those booked for coming months on these sectors will have to either take the airline's offer to fly via Bangalore and Delhi respectively or book other airlines The cancelled Mumbai-Singapore daily flight will resume from Sunday There will be nine flights to Delhi and four to BangaloreNow, pay 5,000 for travelling with firearmsKingfisher Airlines has started exploring potential sources of additional income and its latest move is to charge an extra fee for taking care of passenger's firearms.According to norms laid down by the Bureau of Civil Aviation Security (BCAS), firearms cannot be carried in person by security personnel, except in some special cases. So, a passenger who flies with an armed bodyguard has to ensure that the firearm is surrendered at the security desk. The airline concerned transports the sensitive item in its check-in hold and hands it over to the passenger on reaching the destination. Till recently, all airlines in India did this for free.Kingfisher, which introduced a fee of Rs 5,000 for firearm from February 21, is not the first carrier in India to do so. It probably took a cue from Jet Airways , which introduced this fee from November 15, 2011, charging Rs 5,000 per firearm per passenger on the domestic sector and $100 on the international sector . Go Air levies a charge of Rs 4,500 per firearm. IndiGo and Air India spokespeople said their airlines don't charge for carrying firearms. The Spice Jet spokesperson was not available for comment.For Wahid Ali Khan, a media consultant, and a passenger on Kingfisher Airlines Mumbai-Goa flight IT-0173 the extra fee came as an unpleasant surprise on Friday. \"I always travel with an armed bodyguard, but this was the first time an airline has charged a fee for carrying a weapon,'' said Ali. He added, \"The air fare for my bodyguard cost Rs 3,500, but the charge to carry the weapon is Rs 5,000,'' he complained. Airlines allow an exemption for certain class of passengers. Jet Airways, for instance, allows serving personnel from Defence forces, paramilitary forces and police if travelling on duty. Sportsmen, too, are exempted when travelling to represent the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12026901", "title": "Pillur II scheme opened, but city yet to benefit", "text": "COIMBATORE: A group of nearly 100 workers from in and around Mettupalayam are at work putting the finishing touches to a well sunk for the Pillur II scheme, led by a senior TANGEDCO official. Braving constant intrusion from elephants, the workers are a harried lot, having to transport all material from Mettupalayam, 40km away. They are up against a June deadline to construct a well that will connect the reservoir to the tunnel built for the Pillur II scheme.\"The works started very late. The well is being built on forest land and an agreement had to be reached between the Coimbatore Corporation and the forest department before work could start. We hope to complete the project in June, but it depends on the monsoon,\" said a senior TANGEDCO official.There are two inlets - upper and middle - connecting the reservoir to the well. Though officials said that the delay in construction of the well did not hamper water supply, only 30mld of water from Pillur II scheme is being pumped through the Pillur I pipeline.Days after chief minister J Jayalalithaa inaugurated the Pillur II scheme, there is absolute lack of clarity over when people of Coimbatore will get the 120mld of water promised under the scheme. It also remains moot whether people will get enough water for the summer unless the entire water from Pillur II is released.Areas added newly to the corporation and those in eastern and northern areas are now getting water only once in seven to 10 days. This is a long cry from the much hyped 24*7 water supply promised by the corporation. \"It will take two to three years to fulfill the promise. New projects too have to be completed,\" said a senior corporation official.The success of Pillur II scheme depends on the cooperation between three entities, the corporation, TWAD and TANGEDCO, that haven't always seen eye to eye. Under the Pillur I scheme, Coimbatore Corporation used to get 65mld water. But TWAD has stopped supply of this water to Coimbatore Corporation under a mutual agreement. Instead, supply of 120mld of water was conceived under the separate Pillur II scheme with the use of Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission. \"We cannot say why Pillur II scheme was not given to TWAD. It was perhaps because funds came from JNNURM,\" said a TWAD official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12026702", "title": "2 held for running sex racket", "text": "PUNE: A 42-year-old woman was arrested on Thursday for allegedly forcing her daughter and another girl into prostitution. The police rescued the two girls from a flat in Sangvi and the owner of the flat has also been arrested.Acting on a tip-off, the social security cell of the crime branch, led by senior police inspector Bhanupratap Barge, raided the flat and made the arrests.Speaking to TOI, Barge said that police sub-inspector Ashwini Jagtap received a tip-off that a woman was running a sex racket in a flat in Sangvi. Barge said the police confirmed the information through a decoy customer and laid a trap. \"We arrested the suspect woman along with the flat owner. We also rescued two girls from the flat,\" he said.Barge said that investigations revealed that one of the girls was the daughter of the suspect. \"The woman was forcing her daughter and another girl, who used to stay at her home, into prostitution,\" Barge said.The women were arrested under sections of the Prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act (PITA).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12026673", "title": "LWD to be flagged off on Sunday", "text": "PUNE: The Lavasa Women's Drive (LWD) will be flagged off from Hotel VITS Orchid at Baner on February 26 at 8 am. The drive that saw 2,000 participants last year, will be flagged off simultaneously from Mumbai and Pune and will culminate at Lavasa.Bollywood celebrities and eminent personalities would be attending the flag off ceremony. The participating women will reach Lavasa, creating awareness about various social causes along the way. The drive also serves as a platform to disseminate social messages. Many NGOs like Cancer Patients Aid Association, Anuthi Welfare Society, Mehek, Kasturi Foundation, Narmada Kidney Foundation, Women For Good Governance, Learning Space and Hi-five are participating in this drive to promote their cause.Anuradha Paraskar, senior vice-president, marketing and sales, Lavasa Corporation Limited, said, \"We are overwhelmed by the response to the Lavasa Women's Drive from both Mumbai and Pune. We wish all the participants good luck for the drive and look forward to welcoming them at the Lavasa lakeside promenade, where dancing, music and lots of fun filled activities are planned.\"After the drive, participants will be treated to gourmet delicacies. A host of fun activities and games are also planned at Lavasa. Meiyang Chang, the Bollywood actor and Indian Idol winner will perform live at Lavasa.LWD is a joint initiative of Bombay Times and Lavasa Corporation Ltd. MSD is the associate sponsor. Mak Lubricants, Dove, Galaxy Care Hospital, Orchid and VITS are the other sponsors. It is supported by Women's Cancer Initiative, Tata Memorial Hospital, and conducted by the Western India Automobile Association. This is an initiative of the Times Red Cell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12031253", "title": "Delhi Belly to be screened at Harvard", "text": "He's won awards for his directoial debut Delhi Belly, including the Filmfare Award for Best Director Debut.Now, the director Abhinay Deo is all set to speak at the Harvard India Conference 2012, to be held at their campus in Boston, Massachusetts on March 24-25. Jointly organized by the Harvard Business School and the Harvard Kennedy School of Government, Abhinay Deo will be one of the speakers on the topic, \"India - The Next Frontier.\"In fact, his film Delhi Belly will also be screened at Harvard and will be the only speaker to give his views on the creative power of India. The director, has been apporached by quite a few from the industry for their next venture, but the ad fiilm maker is taking it easy waiting for the right script to come along.It may be recalled that the song from the film DK Bose had created quite a furore because of the 'double meaning' of the lyrics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12028060", "title": "Cases against two candidates", "text": "PANAJI: Old Goa police have registered cases against the Nationalist Congress Party and a BJP candidate from Mayem constituency for violation of model code of conduct. Cops said that on receiving a complaint from the returning officer, they have registered a case aganst NCP candidate Rudresh Chodankar for illegally opening an election office in Chorao village without permission from the election commission. Chorao falls in the Mayem constituency. The returning officer said that this was in violation of the model code of conduct.Another case was registered against BJP candidate from Mayem, Anant Shet, for displaying BJP flags in a shop in Chorao. The returning officer in his complaint to the police said that Shet has violated the model code of conduct by displaying the BJP flag as well as the BJP- MGP alliance ticket in a shop without obtaining necessary permission.Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12027094", "title": "Swabhiman scheme to be expanded", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The second anniversary celebrations of Swabhiman scheme was inaugurated by MLA A Pradeep Kumar at the Parish Hall here on Friday.The MLA announced the launch of the Swabhiman project in Vadakara municipality on the occasion.District panchayat president K Jameela released the brochure on the occasion.Former forest Minister Benoy Viswam distributed uniforms to the Swabhiman workers. I V Sasankan distributed awards to the winners of various competitions.District collector P B Salim who is the chairman of the project presided over the function. Assistant Collector T V Anupama, T Chandrashekaran, Swabhiman project co-ordinator spoke on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "udham singh nagar", "code": "12027475", "title": "Putting a bug in kids' ear", "text": "UDHAM SINGH NAGAR: Maple Bear School, Udham Singh Nagar, organized \"Insect modelling'' on Friday. Kids came dressed up as fly, butterfly, mosquito, lady bug, bee, ant and cockroach, among others. Each of them spoke about the insect they were representing.Teachers told them through power-point presentation about the types of insects and the ones that harm plants. Principal Veena Aggarwal said, \"With summer approaching, kids should be aware about the harmful effects of flies and mosquitoes, among others, to check the menace of diseases, like dengue. There is a need to keep our surroundings clean.''A day of adventure and excitementA fun-filled camp was organized for the students of Ram Lal Bhasin Public School, Phase I, Dugri, on Friday.After a morning prayer, various thrilling games were held for tiny tots. About 150 students participated in these. The event included exercises, web climbing, rope bridge crossing, moving through tunnel, sand pit, tenting, swinging by loops, tight rope walking and yoga. Later, a bonfire and dance made the day all the more enjoyable.Pulse polio campA pulse polio camp was organized in Spring Dale Senior Secondary School, Sherpur. Under the instructions of the senior medical officer, primary health centre, Sahnewal, students up to the age of 5 years were given polio drops after taking their parents' consent. Students were told about the significance of the drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12026683", "title": "3 held for opening fire on man outside court", "text": "PUNE: The Shivajinagar police on Friday arrested three persons for allegedly opening fire on criminal on police record Vijay Dinkar Karke (25) near the Kamgar putla slums outside the district and sessions court at Shivajinagar on Thursday. Karke was at the court to attend the hearing for his friend Avinash Shilamkar, an eyewitness, in the murder case of Sandeep Bandal, MNS leader from Bhor taluka.The arrested include Ravindra Chavan, Sangram Dilip Gholap and Akshay alias Baba Kaluram Pavale, all from Ambegaon. All three are also the suspects in the Bandal murder case and Shilamkar had deposed against them in the court.The police have also booked absconding suspects Rohit Chorge, Kuldeep Bandal, Shashi Nalawade and four or five others.Senior inspector Pandharinath Patil of the Shivajinagar police earlier filed a plea before the additional sessions judge Vijay Shewale on Friday for seeking permission for arresting the three suspects, who were out on bail.The court allowed the police to arrest the suspects despite objection from the defence lawyer.Judge Shewale observed, \"The FIR named these three culprits and their associates. The attack is alleged to have been made by these accused, with help of higher links and absconding accused Rohidas Ananta Chorge.\"The court had earlier issued non-bailable warrant against Chorge for securing his presence in the murder case, but the Kothrud police had failed to arrest him. Chorge's surety was fortified. The Bombay High Court had cancelled the temporary bail given to Chorge.Judge Shewale stated, \"It is often the case that witnesses are threatened with dire consequences so as to compel them to depose false about the incident as per the wish of the culprits. The scenario is common in almost all serious cases. Attack on witnesses and their associates amount to serious interference in administration of justice.\"Karke, who sustained a bullet injury in his right thigh, is undergoing treatment at the Sassoon general hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12026166", "title": "Scribe family murder: Police nab 6", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh Police have arrested six people, including a home guard, claiming that they have cracked the case of murder of journalist Chandrika Rai and his family members-linking the murders with abduction of a seven year old son of a government official in Umaria district.Umaria district superintendent of police Manohar Singh Jamhra issued a press release at the district headquarters in eastern Madhya Pradesh saying that a home guard Vidya Niwas Tiwari, Amit Singh, Sunil, Manish Kori, Hemendra Singh and Raj were arrested for their alleged involvement in the kidnapping of Anant, son of a PWD sub-divisional officer (SDO) Hemant Jhamra. All the accused were produced before the Chief Judicial Magistrate Sheikh Salim, who remanded them to police custody for further investigations.According to police press release, Home guard Vidya Niwas Tiwari and Amit Singh have confessed their involvement in the murder of journalist Chandrika Rai, his wife and two children.They also told the police that they were accompanied by four other people.Initially the police in Umaria has been claiming that journalist Chandrika Rai was involved in the kidnapping but the police today gave another theory saying that the accused Vidya Niwas Tiwari had told the special task force (STF) during interrogation that the scribe knew those involved in the kidnapping. \"As the kidnappers released the kidnapped boy due to mounting pressure from the police, Chandrika Rai sought to blackmail those involved in the kidnapping and demanded money from them\", the police press release said adding that the kidnappers feared that the scribe could expose them.Quoting the alleged confession made by the accused during interrogation, the release said the accused Vidya Niwas Tiwari, Amit Singh, accompanied by four others, went to the journalist's house on February 17 night and murdered him and his family members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "12027299", "title": "Twist in the tale: Son-in-law set on fire by in-laws, dies in hospital", "text": "SIRSA: A 35-year-old man died after being allegedly set on fire by his wife, mother-in-law and brothers-in-law in Jodhkan village of Sirsa on Thursday. Sources said petrol was sprinkled on the victim which fuelled the fire.The victim was identified as Rakesh Kumar of Bighar in Fatehabad, who married Asha Rani in 2009, and the couple were parents to a girl.Superintendent of police Devender Yadav said, \"A case of attempt to murder had been registered against the accused but was converted to a case of murder when the man died. We are investigating the matter.\"According to information, Asha Rani had been staying at her mother's place for long. She called Rajesh Kumar to Jodhkan village, where the couple argued. Sources said Rakesh's brothers-in-law Manoj Kumar and Kalu Singh overpowered him, sprinkled petrol on the victim, and set him on fire. Rakesh suffered serious burns and his brother Karnail Singh rushed him to Fatehabad General Hospital, but was referred to a hospital in Hisar. The victim blamed his wife, mother-in-law and brothers-in-law and died after some time, said sources. No arrest has been made so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mancherial", "code": "12025638", "title": "Cops foil tribal couples\u2019 attempt to sell infant girl", "text": "MANCHERIAL: An ostracized tribal couple, who tried to sell their three-month-old baby girl here on Thursday, were counselled by cops who later handed over the infant to them on Friday.Atram Akbar and Maheshwari of Venkatapur village in Kasipet mandal tried to sell their baby for Rs 1.5 lakh at Telangana Chowk in Mancherial town when people thrashed the couple and handed them over to the police.The couple, in their 20s, planned to make use of the money they earn from the sale of their baby to set up a small venture. They intended to hand over the baby to childless parents and in return expected some monetary benefit to launch a business. \"They even spoke to one buyer and were bargaining between Rs 1.3 and Rs 1.5 lakh in return for the baby,\" DSP Y Vijay said.Thanks to the intervention of locals who alerted the cops, the sale of teh baby was foiled. The DSP said that no case has been registered against the couple as they only wanted to hand over the baby to childless parents and hoped for getting some amount in return.\"We have counselled them on Friday and returned the baby to them. If they don't want to keep the baby because of severe financial problems, we will send the baby to the Integrated Child Development Services centre in Nirmal,\" a senior official said.Akbar and Maheshwari got married though they were cousins. They were driven out of the village by elders who opposed their relationship. The couple who are not yet married shifted to Mancherial to eke out a living.Maheshwari delivered the baby girl three months ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "12027605", "title": "Headmaster held for sexual assault on student", "text": "NADIA: Nadia police on Friday arrested the headmaster of Dwelgachhi Sardarpara Primary school primary school on charges of alleged sexual assault on a nine-year-old girl, police said. The headmaster claimed he was innocent.The victim is a Class-III student of the school. The incident occurred at Dwelgachhi Sardarpara Primary school under Nakashipara police station in Nadia on Thursday, police aid. The girl was a class three student.Nadia police arrested one Head Master of a Primary School when received a written complaint of a sexual assault to their nine year old girl in school. It happened at Dwelgachhi Sardarpara Primary school under Nakashipara police station in Nadia on Thursday, police aid. The girl was a class three student.On Friday morning, she reportedly didn't want to go to school. On being questioned, After a being pressured by her parents, the girl revealed the truth to them.She reportedly told her parents that during the morning prayer the headmaster, Ashan Ali Seikh, had her asked to go to the first floor to sweep classrooms. She followed his instructions and went to the first floor. Soon, Seikh reportedly appeared there and embraced the girl. He reportedly molested her and assaulted her sexually. The girl was, hence, too scared to attend school.On hearing her plight, the girl's grandfather lodged a complaint against Seikh at Nakashipara police station. Later, police arrested Seikh from the school at 3pm on Friday.The headmaster, however, denied the charges and said that he cuddled the girl like his daughter and had no sexual intention.A student of class three was not interested to go to school on Friday. After a little pressure, she disclosed the fact.She said,\" Our Head Master told me during the prayer to go to first floor to sweep classrooms. I went and he also appeared there after a while. Then he embarressed me and molested. She also assaulted me sexually in different way. I am feared to go to school.\" Listening the unwanted happening her grand father Shibu Sarder lodged a complaint against Head Master Ashan Ali Seikh with Nakashipara police. Later police arrested the HM.from school at around 3 pm on Friday. HM. stated that he had fondled the girl like his daughter , not with any sexual intension.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12026054", "title": "CBI raid at insurance company, railways officials' premises", "text": "JAIPUR: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Friday cracked down on corruption and raided the offices and the residence of insurance company and railways department officials.The CBI teams raided the office and residence of Bhagirath Godara, the senior divisional manager at the Oriental Insurance in the city and claimed to have unearthed wealth excessively disproportionate to his income.According to a CBI spokesman, Godara's office located at Nehru Place and his Shiprapath residence were raided.\"Documents suggesting investments worth lakhs of rupees were seized from the house and office of Godara. An FIR had been registered against him on Thursday on the complaints of embezzlement. It had come up that the officer was involved in embezzling money paid as leave travel allowance and other benefits. Further investigation is going on,\" the officer said.During the raid, Godara allegedly attempted damage some documents. He tore some documents and threw them into the sewerage line outside his house. Sources said the CBI has also found bank lockers, property documents and investment documents worth crores of rupees. The searches were going on till late evening.In another raid over corruption in the railways, the CBI claimed to have unearthed a racket of railway employees who procured bogus receipts from private schools in the city and took benefits of a Central government scheme in which Rs 30,000 are paid annually to each of its employees whose children live in hostels.The claimed that the receipts showing embezzlement of at least Rs 20 lakh were seized from the Divisional Railway Manager's office in Jaipur. The racket of railway employees included high-ranking officials as well as junior officers. An FIR has been registered in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12027691", "title": "Strike ends, 70-80 Lucknow University staff to be regularised", "text": "LUCKNOW: Subsequent meetings with the higher education officials have ended the deadlock between the Lucknow University employees and administration. On Friday evening, university vice-chancellor, registrar and controller of examination along with representatives of employees union (president and secretary) met the higher education secretary. The employees put forth their demands, while the university administration presented its point of view.After a marathon discussion, the secretary agreed upon two of the employee's demands - regularisation and providing assured career promotion (ACP). Confirming the above, higher education secretary, Avnish Awasthi said, \"The strike is now over. We have decided to regularise nearly 70-80 employees. This was a long pending demand of the employees and was also kept in the last finance committee meeting. They will now get a pay scale.\" Employees have been on a warpath with the university administration demanding regularisation and immediate removal of finance officer and registrar from their respective posts. Elated with the win, president, Lucknow University Employees' Union, Rinku Rai said, \"The two of our long pending demands are fulfilled. Regarding the transfer of finance officer and registrar, the government has promised that they will do it after elections are over.\"University spokesperson, Prof Rajesh Mishra said, \"University is thankful to secretariat of higher education in taking initiative and intervening in a positive way to end the deadlock between the employees and university administration.\" He then informed that the university has issued the orders of ACP and regularisation. \"We now appeal to the employees to not only join their duties, but also work extra, so that examinations can be conducted on time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12026346", "title": "Depalpur case: Woman raped thrice in 10 days", "text": "INDORE: The 36-year-old impaired woman, victim of gang rape in Depalpur, was raped thrice in last 10 days. The accused took advantage of her inability to convey the information to her husband, she feels.Talking to ToI, Director of Deaf and Dumb Centre Monika Purohit who had taken the statement of Sitabai (name changed) said that the victim has conveyed it to to her.The victim has told the Purohit that she was beaten in the process. She informed the councillor that the accused also tried to suffocate her.The victim was given Rs 100 each by the three accused after she was raped said Monika Purohit adding that they also conveyed the woman to send her two and half-year-old son away with the biscuit packet. They allegedly threatened her to kill the boy, if she does not send him away.Purohit said, \"The victim started sobbing as soon I kept my hand on her head. She is really disturbed.\"The victim has described the ordeal she had undergone through sign language, said Purohit.It should be noted that police had send the victim to the Deaf and Dumb Centre of the city so that her statement could be recorded.The case was reported on Thursday after the rape victims conveyed about it to her husband. A case was filed with the Depalpur Police.Police have, however, failed to arrest the accused Ashok Bairagi, Surendra Singh Gurjar and Om Singh Gurjar. All the three accused are residents of Limbodabad.One of the accused is reportedly a peon working in the local office of the co-operative society.Police said that the victim has stated that the accused on finding her alone allegedly hanged her son and threatened to kill the baby, if she failed to cooperate with them.Talking to ToI, SDOP Depalpura SR Sankhedia said that police are on the job and will arrest the accused soon. Three teams of local policemen have been constituted to trace and arrest the accused. Senior police officials are also keeping a tab on the progress in the case, he said.Inspector General of Indore range Anuradha Shankar was confidant that the accused would be arrested soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "charkhari", "code": "12028353", "title": "Uma\u2019s entry elevates status of Charkhari", "text": "CHARKHARI: Ramdevi Tiwari was among first few who arrived at Talkothi polling centre much before the polling staff got down to business on Thursday morning. The 40-year-old homemaker was there to support \"someone capable of protecting women's honour in the high crime belt\". Charkhari, she said, is in one of the most unsafe places for females, molestation rape exploitation are rampant though most of the victims choose to keep mum. Ramdevi extolled BJP candidate Uma Bharti for her efforts to help distressed women as she recalled how the sadhvi took up cudgels for Bhanmati, a dalit girl gang-raped in 1995. \"Not only she ensured that culprits were brought to book, Uma Bharti also helped rehabilitate the girl, she said. \"This time her vote will go to someone who understands and empathises with suffering women folks,\" she declared.A reserved constituency till 2007, Charkhari, is witnessing its first high-profile election over past 60 years. Uma Bharati's entry has added dollops of excitement and drama in the otherwise drab pre-poll scenario. The place, pretty but caught obviously in a time warp -- has seen a stream of VVIP visitors -- Rahul Gandhi, Nitin Gadkari, Kalraj Mishra among others. While Uma claiming to be \"Charkhari's beti\", promises to turn it into an international tourist destination, her opponents have worked at turning the election to a \"gharwarla versus baharwali\".Voters in Gaurhari trooping into polling booth had different reasons. \"It is question of life and death for our village,\" declared Bhalchand Saini.Famous for its 'gora pathar' (soapstone quarries) Gaurhahri has been a battle filed between two strongmen Badshah Singh and Ganga Chanran Rajput, he said. Extensive mining has taken its toll on the place, he added. \"They have dug up everything and now our homes are imperiled,\" he claimed. This time the kasba, he said, was \"voting for a change, for someone who had both heart and resources to help them out.\" Gaurhari ended up recording 70% polling.High presence of womenfolk was all too visible in the queue outside Sant Vinoba Girls Higher Secondary school in Kupahar. A lecturer in GGIC Mahoba, Sarita Yadav a had especially come down to Charkhari to cast her vote. Her candidate, she said, \"would ensure greater security for women and also job reservation for fair sex. Girls have a tough life in this region and they need extra support for moving ahead,\" she asserted.Polling booth non 233 in Kulpahad reported 52% of votes by 2 pm. \"Most of the voters here are educated and want an MLA who not only promises but also delivers,\" claimed Dr Kishori Lal Soni. He would personally favor someone who has the best report card. \"Charkhari has been living on false hopes for the past 60 years and now we refuse to be taken for a ride,\" he said.Meanwhile, the Lodh Rajput belt comprising Fateshpur, Bamrora, Jirai, Bhainsari ,Roshanpur reported more than 60% voting by 3 am. With around 60,000 voters from the community, both BJP and SP who had fielded Lodh candidates. \"I have voted for the best candidate,\" said Shridhar Lodhi a quarry worker from Roshanpura.\"Who says Charkhai has nothing? Charkhari has everything - corruption, extortion, unemployment, poverty bad roads, land and mining mafia\" declared 21-year-old Uma Shankar. The first-time voter slammed all major parties for befooling the gullible masses. \"But now their bluff is called off...everyone here is wide awake,\" he added. This could be the reason why the voting percentage in the constituency shot up from 50.74% to 59.2% this time.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12025985", "title": "Doctor commits suicide", "text": "HYDERABAD: An MBBS graduate committed suicide by hanging himself, at Musheerabad on Friday.The deceased, S Subba Rao (27), took the extreme step when his doctor wife was not at home. The couple had fallen in love while they were studying MBBS in Tirupati. They got married nine months ago with their parents' consent, police said. Musheerabad police said that the couple went to a library at around 9.30am. An hour later, complaining of a headache, Subba Rao left for home. When Archana tried to contact her husband over the phone, at around 1.30pm, she received no answer. Upon returning home, she found him hanging from the ceiling fan by a saree.No suicide note has been found.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12027527", "title": "'Quit India' in one week, Kerala High Court tells Israeli couple", "text": "KOCHI: The Jewish couple from Israel , who had been served with 'quit India' order by the district collector earlier, should be deported within a week, a single bench of the Kerala High Court ordered on Friday.When a petition challenging the deportation order came up for hearing on Friday, Justice S Siri Jagan ordered the couple, Shneor Zalman Bernstein and Yaffa Shendi Keing from Bloy Street in Jerusalem , to \"quit India within one week.\" The couple can seek other measures to fight deportation with in the one week time, the court ruled.Last week, the court had ordered the district collector to hear the allegation raised by the couple that their version was not heard before passing the deportation order. On Friday, State Attorney P Vijayaraghavan handed over to court the report by the collector that stated the couple should be ordered to leave, a decision taken after hearing the couple's grievances.The couple came to Kochi on March 3, 2010 and had been staying in a rented house at Rose Street in Fort Kochi. Notices for deportation within 15 days were slapped on them by the district collector, on the basis of a report by the deputy commissioner of police (administration and crimes) on January 30 this year, citing violation of tourist visa norms.According to the notice, the couple violated visa norms by organizing activities related to their religious life and belief under the religious organization \" chabad\" in a synagogue at Mattanchery. The notice cited lack of special endorsement in the entry visa to engage in such activities in India.State government had contended that the deportation order was issued on the basis of intelligence report. The government also highlighted that guidelines issued by the central government which restrict foreigners arriving on tourist visas from undertaking any employment, business, or other profession.In the petition filed through advocate R Lakshmi Narayan, the couple had contended that the husband was a qualified rabbi, who had been invited by Cochin Synagogue to help in prayers, rituals related to birth, death, and marriage of the Jewish community here, as well as for preserving the heritage of the community. The wife came along with the rabbi to help in the services, the petition had stated. The couple was brought in as there were no suitably trained persons available among the Jewish community in Kochi to conduct rituals, the petition said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12026112", "title": "Budget 2012-13 to be finalized after poll results", "text": "NEW DELHI: Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee may have spent the last six-seven weeks consulting stakeholders and aides on what the 2012-13 budget should like but he is unlikely to give his final stamp of approval till the evening of March 6.Aides say that it is only after assembly election results are out that the veteran politician will be in a position to decide if he can increase the tax burden and simultaneously cut subsidies or will he have to merely contend with a budget focused on tightening spending.Time is not a constraint given that the budget speech is usually finalized only on February 25, three days before the budget, while the Finance Bill containing the tax proposals go for printing a week before the big day.Mukherjee, clearly aware of it, is done with sounding out. Not only has be spoken about \"losing sleep\" over high subsidies but he is also learnt to have held consultations on deregulating diesel and pruning subsidies. His advisors have also told him that if the results are in Congress's favour, he may be able to go ahead with it.In any case, the minister is expected to front-load several spending proposals in the accounts for 2011-12 since the market seems to have factored in that fiscal deficit will be in excess of 5.5%. By doing this, he will be able to cut down on some spending for next year and show improved numbers for the next financial year.If the overall result, especially in Uttar Pradesh, puts Congress in a better position, Mukherjee can also push for higher excise duty and talk of foreign direct investment in multi-brand retail and aviation. Otherwise, he will have to make do with pushing a budget that has little to offer to improve government finances.In any case, with Mamata Banerjee forcing UPA to review several decisions - from FDI in retail to the National Counter Terrorism Centre - officials are wary of pushing through anything that may upset the Trinamool leader.The overall assessment is that if the results are favourable in Uttar Pradesh, the Congress will have greater support in Parliament too, helping it push through critical decisions such as a more liberal regime for foreign insurance companies and banks.The next few months are seen as the last window for UPA-2 and Mukherjee to move ahead with some tough decisions as the next round of assembly elections in states such as Gujarat are due towards the end of the year. In any case, next year's budget will be meant more to prepare the road for the general elections in 2014.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "maya nagar", "code": "12027547", "title": "A colourful passion", "text": "MAYA NAGAR: Thirty-year-old Rajni Saini's journey with colours might have begun late in life but it was worth it as she, with conviction, has mastered the art and even produced some classic paintings.\"I started painting when I was about 15-years-old. Before that, I only used to appreciate good paintings made by other artists but was never interested in the art. I coincidentally joined a hobby class by Dr Sangeeta Lamba that generated my interest in the art form. After that, there was no looking back,\" she says.Till now, Rajni Saini has made at least 40 paintings, which mostly include modern art paintings, miniature paintings on gods, landscape paintings, mix media paintings and still life paintings. She mostly uses water colour and oil for paintings.She says further, \"Though all my works are good but my favourite is a miniature painting which describes a scene of Radha Krishan. It took me one and a half year to make that painting, as miniature entails delicate work. I have also made oil paintings of landscapes with lot of flowers growing along streams in the hills. Nature is one of my favourite subjects for painting.\"About her future plans, Rajni says, \"I wish to carry on with the art work. I am planning a miniature painting on the Golden Temple. My father Kishore Kumar Saini, a businessman, and mother Santosh, brother Ashish and sister and sister-in-law, all appreciate my work a lot.\"She likes realistic paintings of Raja Ravi Verma and modern art work of reputed artist Satish Gujral. \"They have done so much work in this field. They are my role models,\" she adds.Ashish praises his talented sister, saying she has immense talent as a painter. \"We are planning to showcase her art work in leading art galleries in Delhi and Bangalore,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12028256", "title": "NCP, Cong want new standing committee to clear budget", "text": "PUNE: If the ruling NCP and Congress allow the current standing committee chairman and BJP corporator Ganesh Bidkar to table the 2012-13 annual civic budget before the general body (GB) before March 14, it may set them a year behind their promised plans as outgoing corporators will approve budgetary allocation and projects.Municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak on Friday tabled his draft budget before the standing committee. The general procedure dictates that the standing committee chairman discusses the budget with committee members and prepares a final draft and tables it for approval before March 31, the deadline to approve the budget.However, this year's February 16 civic election has thrown up several technical problems before the house. Bidkar insisted that he has the right to present the budget as the new standing committee will come into play only after March 14 when the new GB will come into existence and the term of the present corporators will end officially.\"The term of the existing standing committee ends on February 29. Even so, I continue as the standing committee chairman till the new chairman is elected. So I will start the process to prepare the budget and present it before the GB before March 31. I will list the works new corporators want to carry out in their wards and incorporate it in the budget,\" Bidkar told reporters.The NCP and the Congress have opposed this move. \"We don't want to implement the budget prepared by a BJP corporator. Let the new standing committee decide on the budget,\" said a senior NCP corporator. NCP-Congress are looking at legal angles to see if the new standing committee can prepare the budget.If Bidkar's budget is rejected by the standing committee, where Congress and NCP have a majority, the municipal commissioner's draft budget will be executed de facto.NCP leader in the PMC Subhash Jagtap did not comment on the party's position, while Congress corporator and city unit chief Abhay Chhajed said, \"We will ensure that all the process for the budget approval is completed.\" He too refused to say if Bidkar will be allowed to present the budget.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12030602", "title": "Maria John, Shruti Nair walk out of movie", "text": "Actresses Maria John and Shruti Nair walked out of director Shalil Kallur's film after he refused to give them a copy of the script; in turn, Shalil's signed on other heroinesOnce again, it has been proved that the film industry is a man's world. Requests by two debutants to see the script at some point, at least after the shoot began, went futile.Former beauty queens Shruti Nair and Maria John decided enough was enough when their director Shalil Kallur (also a debutant) refused to show them the script of the film - Dolls, that they had been signed on for.\"Initially, when I had asked for the script, the director refused to give it, assuring me that I had a prominent role and being in films was just a matter of trust,\" says Maria. However, she says, \"Halfway through the film, I realised that I had just around six scenes in the film, with a maximum of 10 dialogues.\"Her co-actor Shruti adds, \"Had we got the script earlier, it would have helped us both to prepare for the role better.\"However, director Shalil tells us, \"Both the actresses are new in the industry. I wanted to customise the script after analysing their performance, which is why I had refused to give it to them in the first place. There were going to be changes. Moreover, if I had given them the script earlier, they would just mug dialogues and deliver them without being in the moment.\"Shalil also adds, \"They chose to walk out of the film, which is fine. I don't have any grudge against them. I did what I did to ensure we had a film that would click with the audience. They have now been replaced. The new heroines are Bangalorebased model Parvathy Nair and south Indian actress Jyothi Krishna.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12030139", "title": "Mithun Chakraborty, the professional", "text": "Raja Chanda is back from Mumbai, where he had gone to dub Mithun Chakraborty's portion for \" Ley Halua Ley\".Says the filmmaker, \"There can be only one Mithunda. Serious as he is about his job, he insists on seeing the entire film before he gets down to dubbing. In fact, KC Bokadia had come to the studio to meet him. But he requested him to wait so that he could finish his dubbing first. That's professionalism.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12026351", "title": "Chidambaram reaches out to states on anti-terror mechanism", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union home minister P Chidambaram on Friday reached out to 10 chief ministers saying the government would not operationalise the National Counter-Terrorism Centre (NCTC) before consulting directors general of police and heads of anti-terror wings in states, but with little sign that the last-gasp effort would be enough to placate states.In a letter to the CMs, Chidambaram countered the fear of states that the powers vested in NCTC marked an assault on the federal structure, arguing that the proposed anti-terror mechanism will have \"bare minimum powers\" which will be absolutely essential for any counter-terror body to have \"operational capability\" in \"certain circumstances\".Chief ministers, however, remained cold. Jharkhand CM Arjun Munda welcomed the Centre's outreach, but made it clear that NCTC in its present form was not acceptable to him. \"I was right in pointing out the problem that would crop up if NCTC remained in its present form,\" Munda said.Sources close to Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar , while saying that the \"letter falls drastically short of our expectations\", emphasized that their main grouse was with the concept of NCTC itself. \"We feel that the NCTC, which has been set up under IB and is exempt from RTI, is not suited to be a counter-terror agency in a situation where the fight against terrorism has to be transparent in order to succeed.\"Although Kumar was not available for comment, sources close to him said the Bihar government saw the idea of equipping IB or any body, like NCTC, under it with operational powers as flawed.Odisha chief minister Naveen Patnaik was also non-committal. \"Let us wait for the next step of the central government and the response of the home minister,\" he said. There are also indications that chief ministers are not impressed by the idea of being kept out of consultations on an issue which concerned the division of responsibilities between the Centre and states as laid down in the Constitution.Chidambaram also enclosed a three-page note with his letter to the non-Congress chief ministers, explaining finer points of the existing law - Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act - from which the NCTC draws its power to make arrest and conduct search and seizure.Requesting the chief ministers \"to carefully consider the note\", he said, \"Before we take the next steps, I have asked the home secretary to call a meeting of directors general of police and the heads of anti-terror organizations/forces of the state governments and discuss in detail the scope and functions of the NCTC.\"The home minister, at the same time, reminded the chief ministers that the matter (countering terror) was of national importance and should be kept above \"parties and politics\".\"All of us are agreed that terrorism is a grave threat to our country and our way to life. Countering terrorism is, therefore, a shared responsibility,\" he said in his letters to the chief ministers including West Bengal ( Mamata Banerjee ), Gujarat ( Narendra Modi ) and Tamil Nadu ( J Jayalalitha).Though he has not specified any date for this meeting, indications are that the ministry will try to do the consultation before March 1 - the day when NCTC is scheduled to get operational.The home minister in his note pointed out that Section 43A of UAPA which gives power to arrest and conduct search and seizure to NCTC must be read with the duty under Section 43B to produce the person or article without unnecessary delay before the nearest police station (which will be under the state government) and the SHO of the police station will take further action in accordance with the provisions of the CrPC.\"It may be noted that the powers under Section 2(e) and Section 43A are available to both the central government and the state governments,\" he said. Section 2(e) of UAPA allows government to specify NCTC as \"designated authority\".The home minister's letter came after Prime Minister Manmohan Singh asked him to address the concerns of chief ministers who had lodged strong protests against the notification for NCTC without any consultation with the states.Chidambaram emphasized that NCTC's mandate was to draw up plans and coordinate action for \"counter terrorism\". He also pointed to the provision of standing council mechanism within the anti-terror body which comprises heads of anti-terrorist organizations of each state - in a bid to explain that the states would always be on board.As regards the power to seek information from any agency, the home minister explained that the power was already available with the Multi Agency Centre and it was now proposed to subsume MAC in the NCTC. \"Hence, no new power is envisaged,\" Chidambaram said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12027759", "title": "\u2018India and China hurting US wallets\u2019", "text": "WASHINGTON: Barack Obama has accused his Republican rivals of using the pain at the pump to score political points while attributing rising oil prices to growing demand in countries like China, India and Brazil.\"It's the easiest thing in the world to make phony election-year promises about lower gas prices,\" the president told students at the University of Miami on Thursday. \"What's harder is to make a serious, sustained commitment to tackle a problem that may not be solved in one year or one term or even one decade.\"Admitting that rising gas prices are hurting Americans\" wallets, the president argued that his administration is not to blame for the high cost of oil and instead attributed the problem to growing demand in China, India and Brazil.\"Over the long term, the biggest reason oil prices will probably keep going up is growing demand in countries like China and India and Brazil,\" Obama said.\"Nearly 10 million cars were added in China in 2010 alone -- 10 million cars in one year in one country. Think about how much oil that requires. \"And as folks in China and India and Brazil, they aspire to buy a car just like Americans do, those numbers are only going to get bigger,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12025587", "title": "Drainage leak destroys MNC goods worth Rs 12 cr", "text": "GURGAON: A drainage pipe leakage near Hero Honda Chowk early on Friday morning led to water gushing into a multinational company damaging goods worth crores of rupees belonging to a multinational company.The incident took place around 7am when a portion of the Badshapur drain caved in and water started gushing out. HUDA officials took remedial action nearly two hours later, but by that time the drainage water had already flooded the basement of two buildings nearby and destroyed the goods. A senior executive of the MNC, Nitin Saxena, said: \"Two of the basements have become unusable for the time being because they are filled with water.\" He said that the leakage has cost the company over Rs 12 crore. \"The entire set of electronic back-equipment, AC plant and other goods that were stored in the basements have been destroyed,\" he said.The HUDA team landed at the spot around 9am and the damage control continued till noon. A senior HUDA official said that the portion of the drainage track caved in because of the heavy flow of the industrial wastewater. \"The fault has been repaired; the accident won't recur,\" said the HUDA official. The workers, however, are refusing to buy the HUDA's assurance.Meanwhile, the drainage water also seeped into the basement of the second building where cars were parked. The lifts in the buildings had also stopped and the workers were told to leave the premises. \"We had to cut off power supply as a safety measure. There is nothing much we can do at the moment,\" said Saxena.The company is now hiring water pumps to clear the drainage water. \"It will take one full day to clear the water. Only after that we would be able to start working on dismantling all the systems,\" said Saxena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12028520", "title": "Accountancy paper leak: Re-exam in March", "text": "MYSORE: Rumours spread across the city that I PU accountancy and physics question papers were available to students prior to the commencement of exams. The exams of both the subjects were scheduled to be held on Friday from 9am to 12.15pm. Rumour had it that the question papers were sold to students for Rs 1,000.However, later on Friday evening, DDPU H Krishnaiah denied the rumours of physics question paper leakage, but confirmed that accountancy question paper had been leaked prior to the exams.Speaking to TOI, he said: \"I PU exams will conclude on March 3 and re-exams for accountancy exams will be conducted on March 5 from 9am. Following the leakage of accountancy question paper, the PU Board has directed me to conduct an inquiry,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12026848", "title": "Witnesses record statements", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the ongoing evidence process in the infamous Kushpreet murder case, statements of the five witnesses were recorded in a local court on Friday.This case had hit the headlines on December 21, 2010, when Kushpreet was kidnapped from his house in Burail village here and later, his body was recovered from the neighbouringMohali town on January 6, 2011. Following this, residents of Burail village indulged in street violence, which led to the arrest of three persons for their involvement in this case. Also, in a magisterial probe, three cops; inspector Udai Pal, inspector Narinder Patial and sub-inspector Balraj Singh were accused of negligence. They were suspended for some time but later reinstated.Recently, National Human Rights Commission ( NHRC), New Delhi, had directed the Chandigarh administration to pay a compensation of Rs 3 lakh to the victim family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12028232", "title": "Andheri resident photographs every visitor for cops' reference", "text": "It's been six years since widower 65-year-old Andrew D'Souza (name changed) retired from his job in the Gulf to settle down at Lokhandwala, Andheri (W). With his three children married off abroad, D'Souza lives alone in his plush 2BHK apartment, but he is not another nameless face in this city. To the contrary, he is well-known with constables and local officials at the Oshiwara police station, who see D'Souza as a model citizen. He maintains a filewith text and photographs-of all his visitors, and shares the information with the police.The police say his dedication towards ensuring his security should be followed by other senior citizens to preempt criminals and help investigators solve a crime if anything untoward happens. Whenever D'Souza gets a visitor , he makes a note of the event in his diary and also takes a photograph of the person visiting him. He files it for future reference. While guests and vendors who knock at his door write off his unusual behaviour as a part of growing old, D'Souza sees it as an investment in his security and safety.He's on good terms with the 'society cops' -police personnel who check in on seniors living alone. TOI accompanied a local policeman to D'Souza's apartment on one of the routine visits as a society cop, and was promptly welcomed . Over glasses of freshly made buttermilk and sweets, he spoke about his life in the Gulf and the security provided to seniors like him living abroad. \"I live alone and don't employ hired help. I prefer to do all the household chores myself,\" he said, adding that he likes to keep busy to stave off loneliness . His wife passed away six years ago. \"Prayer helps too.\"D'Souza said he appreciates the help of the local police and is on good terms with the two society cops who often check in on him. During the course of the evening he shares the contents of his diary: every event is duly recorded. There's even an entry on the Oshiwara police's call asking him if he was agreeable to talking to TOI. After a while, he discussed a family problem with the society cop. He was upset as one of his daughters hasn't spoken to him for a month because he had refused to transfer his fixed deposit savings to her.D'Souza does not mingle with other senior citizens in his building. \"They're always asking about my family and finances. One should not ask such questions, but rather listen to what the other person is willing to talk about. Because of the nature of their questions , I don't like to interact too much with other elderly neighbours,\" he said.As the evening drew to a close, he took out his camera to take a picture of this correspondent. It will go in his file \"in case something happens\" .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12025901", "title": "Bhukkal: Pvt schools misrepresenting facts", "text": "GURGAON: After private schools in the city went on a daylong strike against the state government's decision to implement Section 134 A of the Haryana Schools Education Rules 2003, the state minister for education clarified that the schools were misrepresenting it.According to Gita Bhukkal, Haryana education minister, the clause of reserving 25% for seats in private schools for the under privileged students was always a mandatory clause for schools to obtain recognition. It was only that there was no monitoring taking place till the court intervened.District-level committees have been constituted for monitoring with the deputy commissioner as its chairman and the police chief, additional deputy commissioner, district education officer and district elementary education officer as its members. The committee will hold review meetings and school administrations will have to give a class-wise enrolment list of students.Bhukkal clarified that the implementation of Section 134 A of the education rules was being misrepresented by schools and incorrectly conveyed to parents as the state government would bear the tuition fee for the students admitted under the EWS quota. \"Other students are in no manner liable or can be forced by the schools to bear the education fee for these 25% of students,\" clarified the minister.According to Col (retd) Kr Pratap Singh, president, Haryana Progressive School Conference, the implementation of Section 134 A would mean that 50% of the seats would be under the reserved category. \"We will have to reserve 25% under RTE and another 25% under Section 134 A. Also parents will have to bear an additional cost of 33%,\" he said.However, when asked, Bhukkal said that the schools were \"confusing the two\" since 25% reservation was common under RTE and Section 134 A of the Act. \"Private schools will be identified as neighbourhood schools and will have to enrol these students from BPL families at government school fees. The school management will not charge any tuition fees from these children and the state would pay for their fees,\" she said.On the charge that the state had not chalked out a plan for payment, Bhukkal said the schools' or parents' body never approached the state government to talk about this and instead were busy protesting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12027137", "title": "Better infrastructure needed in villages: Ravi Wig", "text": "PATNA: Assocham, Bihar Development Council, chairman Ravi Wig on Friday stressed on the need for better infrastructure in villages for developing fruit and vegetable-processing industries in the state.He also released a report on \"A Rising Investment Destination for Agro and Food Processing\" in Bihar by Assocham and made some recommendations for growth and development potential of the food-processing industries, which, in turn, would provide a boost to the agriculture-based economy of the state.Wig said the average growth rate of Bihar from 2000-01 to 2008-09 comes out to 4.5 per cent per annum which is almost double the national average. The state is the fourth largest horticultural producer in the country as fruits and vegetables are cultivated in about 8 lakh to one million hectare in the state, producing 3.2 million tonnes of fruits and 7.6 tonnes of vegetables, he said.Wig, however, said despite the state's leading role in food production, investment in irrigation and other agriculture facilities like post harvesting and processing is quite inadequate. He said that a recent study commissioned by Assocham and Agricultural and Processed Food Export Development Authority has disclosed that the markets of United Kingdom (UK), Middle East and Mauritius are ready to purchase Bihar fruits and vegetables provided the products are of high quality.Speaking on the occasion, Assocham senior director Om S Tyagi also stressed on the need to link the industries with agriculture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12030417", "title": "Dhanush teams up with Selva", "text": "The actor-filmmaker duo are likely to join hands again in the near futureThe buzz in the industry is that actor Dhanush and director Selvaraghavan, after the successful Mayakkam Enna, will soon be coming together for another project.A source in the know says, \"Dhanush is currently busy with his 3 and Selva is working on Irandam Ulagam, a bilingual with Arya and Anushka. But, the director is simultaneously working on a script, which will again be made as a bilingual. While Dhanush, in all probability, will play the lead in the Tamil version, the hunt to cast a popular actor in the Telugu version is on. The rest of the cast and crew, including the heroine, will be finalised only after Selva wraps up Irandam Ulagam.\" Interestingly,Dhanush had always maintained that he'd do a film with Selvaraghavan whenever he asked him to, not because the director is his brother, but because it was him who made Dhanush what he is today.While Selva was unavailable for comment as he was in the US, scouting locations for his Arya-starrer, Dhanush chose not to comment on the development.TWO TO TANGO The brothers have successfully worked on the following movies:Thullavatho IlamaiKadhal KondeinYaaradi Nee MohiniPudupettaiMayakkam Enna", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "dhaka", "code": "12027857", "title": "'We need water. Why doesn\u2019t Didi understand?\u2019", "text": "DHAKA: \"What is didi (Mamata Banerjee) saying? Why doesn't she understand? Will you explain to her when you go back that we need the water?\" One has to field a volley of such questions after landing in Dhaka. The questions continued till one left for Delhi after a six-day stay here.From bus driver Ayatollah to a student leader of the ruling Awami League, who came to the hotel after learning that a delegation of journalists had come from India, everyone asked similar questions.In Dhaka, simmering anger is palpable, directed a great deal towards West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee . But, there is much hope and expectation, too.Bangladeshis believe Mamata refused to share Teesta's water last September. When they meet Indians, their anger translates into disappointment. Yet, they have not given up hope that India would pull Bangladesh out of the its Least Developed Country (LDC) status and put it in the medium developed country bracket (MDC). That's also Bangladesh government's target for 2021.The 300km road to Khulna from Dhaka passes across three big rivers - Jamuna, Padma and Rupsa. The water in the rivers have receded. \"It's because of the Farakka barrage on your side,\" Bangladeshis say. A lot of water must flow from India to Bangladesh to change perceptions.Disappointment over Teesta seems to have affected other aspects of Dhaka-New Delhi relations. \"We are trying to build connectivity in the region and Bangladesh can become the hub. But capacity building takes time. When you are satisfied and happy, you work better. People's perception also matters,\" said Bangladesh foreign minister Dipu Moni.In Dhaka's official circles, India's role in helping Bangladesh is acknowledged. There is bonhomie among traders and politicians who fervently hope India doesn't withdraw its helping hand. Whether it is Dipu Moni or information and culture minister Abul Kalam Azad, there is an official expression of gratitude for India's help without which Bangladesh could not have won its independence from Pakistan .The Awami League-led Sheikh Hasina government has a clear agenda for the country. It's two main objectives are: uplift the country's economic status and ensure a democratic, secular society is established.That suits India which wants a secular and stable democracy across the border, especially, since it has to deal with cross-border terrorism on its western frontier. India is also striving to create an atmosphere of cooperation on the eastern border, said government sources here.Bangladesh is keen to emerge as a connectivity hub in the region, given its geographical location. India, Bhutan , Myanmar and Nepal , too, want this as it helps economic activity of all the countries. Bangladesh foreign ministry officials listed the priority areas of exchange with India - connectivity, trade, water resources, people-to-people contact, cultural exchange, power generation, security issues and border issues.Atmospherics are good at the moment. India has already promised 250MW electricity for a grid that will also cater to its northeastern states. \"It will help put in place an architecture for both mediumand long-term energy security in the region,\" said a foreign ministry official in Dhaka. Already, Bangladesh has identified 21 projects, including locomotives, buses railway coaches, for which India will help in building infrastructure, roads, develop ports and provide for dredging in the neighbour's rivers.There are hitches in crossborder movement of trucks and ships. Both sides are hopeful though that the plans will take off. Like in India, domestic politics creates hurdles in Bangladesh, where a bipolar society divided between Sheikh Hasina's Awami League and Begum Khaleda Zia's Bangladesh Nationalist Party. A constant fear of failure and losing the mandate haunts Hasina's government.Many on both sides feel the huge majority that Hasina enjoys could be the best chance for Bangladesh to walk on the road to development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12028273", "title": "High court stays arrest of Prabha Tripathi", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A division bench of the Allahabad High Court on Friday stayed the arrest of Prabha Tripathi, former secretary, Board of Secondary Education, Uttar Pradesh . The court after staying her arrest, asked the State Government to file a counter-affidavit and fixed March 16 to hear the case.The order was passed by a division bench of Justice D P Singh and Justice V K Mathur on a writ petition filed by Tripathi.Tripathi had filed a writ petition, apprehending her arrest in connection with Teachers Eligibility Test (TET) scam. Tripathi, through her writ petition, had submitted that she had noting to do with the said scam.It was said that soon after the arrest of ex-director, Board of Secondary Education, Sanjay Mohan, in connection with the TET scam, the petitioner was also apprehending her arrest and, therefore, had approached the high court seeking stay on her arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12031091", "title": "Konark Dance and Music Festival in Odisha", "text": "The final day of 27th Konark Dance and Music Festival gave Odisha the privilege of witnessing performances by the artistes of international repute.Devraj and Ellora Pattnaik, the brother and sister duo, represented the Canada-based Chitralekha Dance Creation and enthralled the audience with their Odissi performances. Deepatharagini, a unique performance with lamps, by Guru Manjula Ramaswamy and her group from Nataka Niketan of Andhra Pradesh left the crowd mesmerised. But it was the tabla recital of Ustad Zakir Hussain that generated the maximum interest.For the crowd, it was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to watch the international phenomenon perform at the Konark Natya Mandap. Apart from his pure classical rendition, what also entertained the audience was when the maestro produced the sound of a dumaroo on his tabla.In a very friendly manner, he interacted with the audience even as his magical fingers recreated the sound of clouds, lightning and rain. Said the Ustad, \"It is a great honour and pleasure to be in the presence of the spirit of Guru Sri Gangadharji. It feels so great to be here, see you people and share our music with you.\"The festival ended with the award ceremony. Ustad Zakir Hussain was awarded the Guru Gangadhar Pradhan Lifetime Achievement Award by Pt Hariprasad Chaurasia. Padma Bhushan Alarmel Valli was awarded the 13th Sanjukta Panigrahi Birala Sammana.Said columnist Leela Venkat Raman, \"It is my first exposure to the Konark Festival. The organizing team had put in a lot of effort to organize the event. The performances of all the artistes were good throughout the festival. Needless to say, the best was reserved for the last day. The performance by Chitralekha Dance Creations impressed me a lot.\"Said Laxman Manchanayaka from Sri Lanka, \"This is my first performance at the Konark Festival. I have witnessed almost all the classical dance forms of India but this is the first time I got a chance to see Odissi. It's incredible. I want to spread this art form in Sri Lanka as well. I found Odisha very rich in culture and the people, food and hospitality is great here.\"Swayamsiddha Mohapatra", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12026332", "title": "Police arrest two in Joshi murder case", "text": "INDORE: The Indore police have arrested two accused in Santosh Joshi murder case from Raisen late on Thursday night.The city SP, Vijay Nagar, Amrendra Singh, said the police traced the accused Jitendra Verma and Nanak Yadav from Raisen and alerted the city police. The police arrested them when they were trying to escape. The duo will now be brought to Indore.Referring to the motive behind the murder, Singh said there was some monetary dispute between Joshi and the accused.Joshi's murder created ruckus in the area and local people also gheraoed MIG police station.He was killed on Wednesday. His daughter and her father-in-law died in an accident while on their way to attend Joshi's funeral.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12026609", "title": "NISER gives thumbs down to location of extension centre on city outskirts", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has identified around three acre of land near the DAV School in Chandrasekharpur for the Rs 100 crore city extension centre of the National Institute of Science Education and Research (NISER). However, NISER authorities are not keen on the land because of its disadvantageous location.Given its location on the outskirts, it is unlikely to serve the purpose of a city extension centre, said a NISER official. Senior NISER authorities are scheduled to visit the new site on Saturday to take a final call on the land, sources said.Earlier, the government had registered three acres near the Institute of Physics close to Acharya Vihar Square in the name of NISER for the proposed centre. However, it is in the possession of Commissionerate police, which wanted to keep it because of its strategic location, officials said. NISER plans to create a 1,500 capacity convention centre, four auditoriums, a business centre and a guest house with 40 VIP rooms at its city extension centre.Meanwhile, chief secretary Bijay Patnaik asked the state government machinery to expedite the process of construction of comprehensive water supply project for supply of water to the permanent campus of NISER, coming up on 298 acres land near Jatni, a government release said. The same water project will also provide water to IIT, INFOCITY-II, Khurda town, Jatni and adjoining areas. The project will be constructed in public private partnership (PPP) mode with capacity of 70 MLD which will meet the requirements of all theses areas, the release said.NISER sources said it would deposit its share of Rs 9.5 crore for the Rs 123 crore water supply project with the state within the next few days. The government would float tenders for the project within one month and award contract of work within two months, government sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12026265", "title": "Former Gujarat DGP to be in city for Godhra meet", "text": "Former Gujarat DGP Sanjiv Bhatt will arrive in Mumbai on Monday to join a public commemoration of the 10th anniversary of 2002 Godhra riots. The group will press its demand for justice for the victims' families. \"Prominent citizens will address a gathering in south Mumbai on Monday, among them Bhatt, Tushar Gandhi and Mahesh Bhatt,\" said Abraham Mathai of the Harmony Foundation, that is hosting the memorial. The following day, 200 student volunteers will wear black T-shirts and distribute bands at railway stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "12027519", "title": "Kudumbasree led Scheme to revive paddy cultivation launched", "text": "THRISSUR: Union minister for rural development Jairam Ramesh launched a food security scheme aimed at reviving paddy cultivation, at Kuzhur on Friday. It's a Kudumbasree-led scheme and is being implemented under the national Mahila Kisan Sashaktikaran Pariyojana (MKSP). It is expected to ensure food security in Kerala through empowerment of rural women farmers.Chief minister Oommen Chandy presided over the function, which was attended by ministers M K Muneer and KC Joseph, and hundreds of Kudumbasree workers. tnnAt the function, Jairam Ramesh expressed the hope that the Rs 80-crore scheme would help the revival of paddy cultivation in the state.Through the project, Kudumbasree collective farming groups hope to bring around 60,000 acres of waste and barren land under cultivation in the next three years.On the occasion, the Union minister also praised Kudumbasree. \"Kudumbasree is carrying out exemplary work in Kerala,\" he said pointing out states like Jharkhand , Jammu &amp; Kashmir and Bihar were now looking to replicate the successful model.Jairam Ramesh also presented a cheque for Rs 9.3 crore to the CM as the first instalment of the Centre's financial support to the programme.There is also a second Rs 60 crore MKSP project on cards, which aims to create women labour banks in Palakkad, Thrissur and Malappuram districts for increasing paddy cultivation. A MoU in this regard was handed over by the Union minister to Thrissur district panchayat president KV Dasan on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12025321", "title": "Mob attack: 2 cops suspended", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after cops were attacked inside the Anand Vihar police station, and senior cops assaulted near the Karkardooma court complex, two constables have been suspended for using \"unnecessary force\" while controlling the crowd. DCP (east) Prabhakar said the lawyers at the court have also withdrawn the call for strike.\"A committee comprising the area DCP, and advocates S K Ahluwalia and Mukesh Bansal will examine the charges of both the groups. Two constables Ankit and Manoj who prima facie, used disproportionate force at the Anand Vihar police station have been suspended and an inquiry is pending,'' said the DCP.The situation went out of control around 4pm on Monday when Nishant, a junior engineer with MCD's Shahdara (south) zone, was on a demolition drive in Inderpuri next to Karkardooma. MCD officials said the team had demolished a portion of the house, which allegedly belonged to an advocate named Sujit Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12028101", "title": "Sanjay Mohan\u2019s bail hearing today", "text": "KANPUR: Bail application of Sanjay Mohan, ex-director Madhyamik Shiksha Parishad, would be heard by the district judge Ramabai Nagar on Saturday.The director was arrested by the Akbarpur police on February 7 from his residence situated on the GIC campus at Nishatganj in Lucknow under the charges of cheating, criminal conspiracy and Anti-Corruption Act. The police had made him co-accused in the TET scam.The raiding police party had seized a sum of Rs 4,86,900 from his house and a photocopy of list of candidates depicting names and roll number of examinees.The original list was recovered from group of seven persons who were arrested by the Akbarpur police on December 31 last. The police had also seized some documents related to TET exam and names and addresses of persons who were arrested by the police.The court had granted police custody remand for two days of Sanjay Mohan for further investigation.KBA executive: The new executive of the KBA on Friday took oath. Ramendra Singh Katiyar, Peeyush Awasthi and Ashok Pandey, the new president, general secretary and treasurer respectively and other members took the charge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12025888", "title": "City schools join statewide token strike", "text": "GURGAON: Almost all private schools in the city remained closed on Friday due to a statewide token strike called by various school associations to protest against the state government's order to reserve 25% seats for students from the EWS category.Schools alleged that the government was passing the burden to them since they themselves were not able to provide quality education to students.While most of the schools claimed that they had intimated the parents about the strike, some of the parents alleged that they were not informed about the shutdown.According to the protesting schools, the state education department has been arm-twisting them and they had no option but to call for a collective strike.\"The government has forced schools in districts like Karnal, Rohtak and Hisar to implement Section 134(A) of the Haryana School Education Rules 2003, a clause which is very stringent towards private schools. It says that we have to reserve 25% of the seats for the economically weaker sections (EWS) of society and these students are to be charged fees according to the fee structure of a government school. And therefore, the remaining 75% students will have to pay up for the shortfall. We are totally against this. While so far no school in Gurgaon has implemented the order, we want the government to roll back its decision. We were left with no option but to call for a strike,\" said Col Pratap Yadav, president of the Haryana Progressive Schools Conference (Gurgaon chapter).He also alleged that the government is pressuring the schools by constituting committees that have police officers on board.\"I can't understand why the superintendent of police should be a part of the committee that has been constituted for every district. This is simply to put pressure on schools to give in to their demands. However, we have resolved not to get bogged down by these pressure tactics and will continue to fight for our rights. A court case is already on and we are sure of getting justice,\" he added.Other school principals too said that they had no option but to join the strike. \"If the rule is implemented, the remaining 75% students will get burdened unnecessarily. Even the parents understand why we had to go on a strike and we will make up for the loss by working on Saturday. The government is simply trying to pass the buck to us since they are not able to provide quality education in state-run schools,\" said the principal of a prominent city school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12025708", "title": "Blame game begins in Congress", "text": "NAGPUR: Within a week of the results of ZP and NMC elections being declared, knives are out in the Congress. City MP Vilas Muttemwar and north Nagpur MLA Nitin Raut are bearing the brunt of the attack by their own partymen.On Friday, two-time state Congress president and former minister Ranjit Deshmukh went public with his demand seeking resignation from MPCC president Manikrao Thakre for dismal performance in ZP polls all over the state and from AICC general secretary Vilas Muttemwar for the NMC debacle. Addressing reporters here he said, \"The Congress performance in the ZP polls was below par. This was because the Congress-NCP alliance did not work, Congress erred in selection of candidates. Senior party leaders' services were not availed in campaigning.\"\"Thakre should accept his moral responsibility and quit from the post. The chief minister should call a meeting of all important Congress leaders to introspect on the party's poor show in ZP and civic elections. If need be the MPCC should be re-organised and specific roles be allotted to leaders to rebuild the party focusing on 2014 elections,\" Deshmukh said. On Mumbai unit chief Kripashankar drawing court flak for amassing disproportionate assets, he said, \"The right place for such leaders is in jail.\"Meanwhile, around 200 Congress workers from North Nagpur assembly segment met at MLA hostel on Friday evening and demanded resignation of EGS minister Nitin Raut. Only 3 of the 13 candidates that Raut recommended in the NMC polls managed to win. The party witnessed its worst performance in that segment with as many as six BSP and some BJP candidates winning from North Nagpur considered a Congress bastion. Raut had fielded several new faces ignoring claims of loyal party workers. \"If he continues, the Lok Sabha election will be a walkover for the BJP. Already Congress has suffered dent of 40,000 votes in that segment,\" said Raja Dronkar, a Congress leader from that segment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "falta", "code": "12027450", "title": "Accused ransack rape victim's house", "text": "FALTA: The Falta rape victim's father, who fled from his home and took shelter in a hospital after receiving threat calls from the accused, returned home on Friday to find his house ransacked. He later learnt from his neighbours that his daughter's tormentors barged into his house on Thursday night and vandalized the furniture.Jalal Mullick, the victim's father, said he was staying away from home on the advice of neighbours who feared that he could be physically harmed since the accused were roaming freely. \"They were following me everywhere, threatening me and asking me to withdraw the case. So I am staying in the hospital that I find the only safe place in my district. Police are doing nothing, knowing well that I am being threatened by the accused, Mullick said.\"It is not true that police are not working. We sympathize with the victim. It is also not true that police failed to help the victim's family. It might be his personal problem for which he cannot enter his village. But I can assure that police are ready with any help they need,\" SP L N Meena said.The victim, a schoolgirl, is now pregnant and her condition is not improving. \"She still cannot stand straight and her head is reeling. It is hard for her to come to terms with the trauma. In sleep, she is crying aloud. When I told her that police were claiming that the accused had an affair with her, she broke into tears. She kept telling me that she had no relation with any of her tormentors. It was difficult to console her,\" said Mullick.\"She kept asking how she could go back to her school. She is keen to continue her studies. But I do not know how to bring her back into her normal life. I do not know how she could come to terms with the crime against her,\" Mullick added before he himself broke down.Earlier, Falta police's refusal to register the complaint forced Mullick to move court. \"It was not easy for me. I had to borrow money to file the case. But I did it because I could not tolerate the injustice done to my daughter,\" he had said.The victim was abducted from the Sao-Palta bus stand by five locals on the evening of January 12. The teenager was locked up in a dark room and raped repeatedly over the next 10 days until she managed to escape. She staggered about in a daze and was luckily spotted by a police patrol. Because of the mental and physical trauma, it took her over a month to even talk about it with her family. Her father filed a complaint on February 17. \"Police tried to wrap it up by lodging a missing diary. They refused to accept the gang-rape complaint even after my daughter narrated her ordeal. I faced the anger of the accused because I had dared to go to the police. I had complained about them earlier also because they were harassing my daughter but police did nothing,\" he said.\"My daughter has got pregnant. The accused are roaming free in the neighbourhood. They are making life miserable for other girls, but police are doing nothing. I cannot see my daughter suffer. She screams in her sleep.\"Falta: The Falta rape accused have allegedly damaged the victim's house on Thursday night. The victim's father Jalal Mullick returned home early on Friday to find his home vandalized by some miscreants. He later came to know from neighbours that his daughter's tormentors had damaged the house. The roof tiles were removed perhaps to gain entry into his house. \"They also damage doors and windows of my house,\" said Mullick.The victim is a schoolgirl who was kidnapped and held hostage by five youths who raped her for 10 days. She is now pregnant.Mullick said he was staying away from home most of the time on the advice of neighbours who feared that he could be physically harmed. The accused were roaming free. They were following me everywhere, threatening me and asking me to withdraw the case. So I am staying in the hospital which I find the only safe place in my district. Police are doing nothing, knowing well that I am being threatened by the accused.SP L N Meena said, \"It is not true that police are not working. We have every sympathy with the victim. It is not true that police failed to help the victim's family. It might be his personal problem for which he cannot enter his village. But I can assure that police are ready with any help they need.\"The victim's condition is not improving. \"She still cannot stand straight and her head is reeling. Her phobia is hard to go away. In sleep, she is crying aloud. I do not know how to cope up with her trauma. When I told her that police were claiming that the accused had an affair with her, she broke into tears. She kept telling me that she had no relations with any of her tormentors. It was difficult to console her,\" said Mullick.She kept asking how she could go back to her school. She is keen to continue her studies. But I do not know how to put her back into her normal life. I do not know how she could come to terms with the crime against her, Jalal Mullick said before he himself broke down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "12027675", "title": "8-yr jail term for dowry death", "text": "NADIA: A Kalyani court on Friday awarded eight-year jail term to a man and his mother in a dowry death case. Ramesh Kirtaniya and his mother Bashanti have been punished for the death of Ramesh's wife Chandrabati. tnnRamesh is husband to the victim.They will have to pay a fine of rupees 5000 each, unpaid of which would extend the imprisonment of more six months, Additional Public Prosecutor Sushmit Kumar Das said.Chandrabati was married with Ramesh of Srirampur under Chakdaha police station in Nadia around 2008. Allegedly, there was an unrest in their family. She was found dead in her room. Her familysources alleged that Kirtaniya family had tried to describe her death as suicide by hanging. She was pregnant during her unnatural death.A complaint was lodged with local Police next day. Police had arrested victim's husband Ramesh, his mother Basanti and Ramesh's sister Usha Mridha following the allegation of killing Chandrabati by strangulation. Police later had given the chargesheet and the case continued in court.The verdict was given on Friday where court found no gulity from Usha and released her. On the other hand husband and mother in law of the victim were given the punishment. While the allegations were fraimed with 498 A 304 B 34 IPC, the punishment was given against 304 B, the APP said.\" The victim had told her mother Beby Roy a few days ago of her death that if they did not take her back to home, she would be killed,\" the APP added quoating victims mother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12030445", "title": "Vaishali\u2019s home is her precious asset", "text": "Singer Vaishali Samant's house has an unmistakable lived-in and homely feel to it, finds Debarati S SenMy home is situated inI stay in Four Bungalow in Andheri. My home is on the seventh floor of the building and our floor carpet area is 1,300 sq ft. It is a 3BHK apartment. One of the rooms has been converted into a gym for my husband, one is my music room and the other one is my bedroom.Is this your dream home? Rate it on a scale of ten...My dream home has always been a cosy bungalow and this home has fulfilled all my dreams. We bought this house in a re-sale from a Parsi family after relentlessly hunting for three months. A home is not something you buy very often so I was very choosy. I wanted it to be airy and with proper natural light and with a comfortable environment and moreover a house that would be convenient in terms of location - close to recording studios. On a scale of one to 10, I rate this house at nines.My favourite place at home and whyIn the hall at one corner near the large window is my antique dining table. Being an early morning bird, I feel at peace when I sit here early in the morning with my chai and newspaper. There is a Buddha picture on the wall which gives me a sense of calm and tranquility. In another corner we have an artificial bamboo tree which gives a very natural outdoorsy feel to this area. Most of my home has been designed by my husband using bright colours so it gives a very positive feel.My favourite memory of my homeThat was the day my family celebrated dohaljevan i.e. the godbharai ceremony. I was happy to accommodate almost 50 members of my family in my home and it was very exhilarating to having so many of them around. I thoroughly enjoyed the attention.Another beautiful memory is of the day I brought my baby home. I can never forget it, because as I entered with him, he gave me a sweet smile as if to say 'thank you for bringing me where I belong'; it really touched my heart.My favourite possession at homeI have bought a white shoe rack which is very sleek and attractive. It doesn't occupy much space and accommodates all our footwear. Apart from this, the entire kitchen has been particularly designed by me and it has turned out to be a very cosy kitchen and I enjoy working there.My party cornerI don't have a party corner at home. We don't host too many parties. Besides there isn't anyone who drinks so we didn't see any need to create a bar or a party corner. My home is just a place to relax after a tiring day.Calming space in my houseMy music room is the most calming space in my house.I have now converted that space into my baby son Kushan's room where I have a 'Devhara' that is a temple where I sit and perform my puja and meditation. I also enjoy doing my riyaaz in this room and feel at peace knowing that I am being blessed as I feel God is with me.My most useful interior tipWherever possible use built-in storage. This helps to disguise ugly nooks. You can then disguise the storage by using the same treatment your walls have i.e. painting it in the same colour, or even wallpapering it. You can also continue any architectural details such as coving, skirting. My house is structurally designed to accommodate built-in cupboards and all my rooms have space for it built into the walls. I have tiled all these cupboards to avoid seepage or leakages and so that all my possessions remain intact. I have also been able to fit in good lights so that when we open the cupboards it is bright enough for us to use.What does interior decoration mean to me?Interior decoration would mean a certain level of comfort for me. All things should be placed aesthetically to accentuate the comfort level. Any home should be decorated and done up in a way that it should give a feeling of a home and not a hotel.debarati.sen@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12030479", "title": "Game for Mollywood: Milind Soman", "text": "40 is the new 20 in the Indian film industry and hunk Milind Soman takes this mantra to the heart.While other actors might think twice at this age to break into other languages, the 46-year-old model has been expanding his horizon by taking up roles in Kollywood and is also keen in breaking into Mollywood.\"I am game for a Malayalam film if an interesting role comes along,\" he says, in a telephonic conversation from Mumbai.The actor was in Kerala last year filming for debutant director Sajan Kurian's English flick Last Vision, in which he plays a North Indian psychologist. The actor insists that he not bothered that the project was carried out by a group of Malayalee youngsters with no prior experience in filmdom and says that it was the character that piqued his interest.Despite his charming personality and rugged good-looks, the actor has been cast as the villain in movies down south, the most recent signing being Suraj's Alex Pandian. Milind readily dismisses that this has anything to do with the stereotypical image of a hero in the south and north.\"I don't think there's any difference. People in the north have now readily accepted characters of South remakes such as Ghajini, Wanted and Bodyguard and the directors of these flicks have not tampered much with them either,\" he observes.On him breaking new grounds in South at 46, the salt-and-peppered-hair actor says, \"I have never really thought about my age and it definitely doesn't factor in my work. I still feel the same as I was in my 25 or 30.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12025051", "title": "De-notification of roads put on hold", "text": "NEW DELHI: A survey conducted by the Muncipal Corporation of Delhi has sought the de-notification of 156 roads in seven municipal zones. However, the legislative wing of the agency has put the proposal on hold as it doesn't want to take chances before the municipal elections. MCD had notified 2,183 roads for mixed land use and commercial use in 2006 after which the Supreme Court had ordered a survey of these roads.\"De-notifying these roads would mean jeopardizing the livelihood of traders who have set up their business in the area,\" said Yogender Chandolia, chairman, standing committee, MCD.MCD officials said that the matter will be taken up before the urban development ministry for an amendment because the roads were notified as commercial and mixed land use only after legal formalities were completed. \"Every year, we have been collecting parking and conversion fees for non-residential use. What will happen to that amount now,\" Chandolia asked.He added that these roads were approved as per the provisions of MPD-2021 after the agency fulfilled the formalities in the interest of the public to fulfill their daily needs in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12025870", "title": "NIT's IT Park finally takes off, with pvt player", "text": "NAGPUR: The city may have one more IT park in the coming days, a project that could have come up much earlier but for an abrupt change of approach by Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT). The project will come up on 2 acres NIT land behind the existing Infotech tower in Parsodi.NIT finally found someone willing to work on the IT park at the end of 2011, after repeatedly calling for tenders. Now, city-based Vidarbha Infotech has got the land on a 90-year lease for Rs 15 crore. The company plans to come up with a hi-tech data centre in a major part of the area and let out the rest. It will also pay an annual rent of Rs 30 lakh to NIT.NIT had planned to build the IT Park on its own in 2006 and even laid the foundation by spending around Rs 1.4 crore. Then, in 2008, it decided to go in for public-private partnership (PP) and work was abandoned. As time passed, the plot turned into a marsh, with rain water accumulating in the pit.The decision on PPP model was taken by Sanjay Mukherjee, who had taken over as NIT chairman, said sources. The board approved the model on October 4, 2008, and permission to invite online offers came three years later, in October 2011.The offer date was extended thrice as there were no takers. A Rs 6 crore bid by city-based construction firm M/s Nanak Baba Sars was accepted, but the firm was disqualified on technical grounds. One of the partners in it did not have required net worth. The next bid was abysmally low at Rs 1.6 crore. Finally, in December 2012, Vidarbha Infotech's bid of Rs 15 crore was accepted and an agreement drawn out, said a source. The firm has paid 25% amount and the rest has to be paid in five yearly instalments. It will also pay Rs 30 lakh per annum as ground rent.Jan Manch, a social organization, has questioned the delay, change of decision and Rs 1.4 crore being wasted on the construction, through a RTI query. NIT has, strangely, replied that nobody is responsible for the money going waste. NIT's current chairman Pravin Darade said he was only taking the earlier decision further and could not comment on acts of his predecessors. No one remembers who in NIT decided to build the park on its own.A source in NIT said the PPP route was thought to be better as it would lead to the facility being built by an IT player. A private player would be able to respond faster to changing requirements of the sector. \"NIT has to go strictly by the book and once plans are frozen, there is no scope for change,\" said a senior NIT official.He pointed out there was no financial loss for NIT. The earlier plan was to build the basement and parking levels, and move ahead after judging demand. The first phase entailed a cost of Rs 2 crore but the project changed before its completion. Utilizing full FSI of plot would have entailed construction worth Rs 15 crore and NIT would have leased the property out at around Rs 30 crore. In the present deal, it will receive Rs 15 crore plus ground rent without spending anything, the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12026715", "title": "A very poor show", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Notwithstanding the claims of good governance by the Naveen Patnaik government, Odisha practically remains India's second poorest state after Bihar , according to the latest economic survey presented in the Assembly.The survey report stated that the monthly per capita expenditure (MPCE) is an important socio-economic indicator used to compare the standard of living and calculate the extent of poverty' and quoted the 66th round of national sample survey (NSS) for the period from July 2009 to June 2010 to indicate the state's standing in the national ladder. The MPCE in case of rural Odisha is Rs 715.59 as against Rs 1468.84 for those in urban pockets.Though the government insisted that it had ushered in a new era of industrialization creating jobs for a large number of people, the survey report showed majority people still remained dependent on agriculture. According to the report, more than 60 per cent of the state's work force sustain on agriculture, animal husbandry, fisheries and forestry. But these fields contribute only 17.59 per cent to the gross state domestic product (GSDP). It said net sown area in the state had declined from 5691,000 hectares in 2005-06 to 5407,000 hectares in 2010-11. Both area under food grains and area used for more than one crop have declined. Paddy constitutes more than 70 percent of total cultivated area and this too is declining steadily, the report pointed out. The report admitted rice production in the state has decreased from 6917 TMT in 2009-10 to 6828 TMT in 2010-11.The survey quoted the findings of the Planning Commission appointed Tendulkar committee and said more than 47 percent people in the state are below poverty line (BPL). This includes 50.5 percent in rural and 28.5 percent in urban areas. Further analysis showed incidence of poverty is quite high, more than 82 percent, amongst the tribals, followed by SCs accounting for 62.8 percent. The southern region has the highest poverty followed by the northern region. Both the regions together 'account for as much as 85 percent of the poor in the state.The government however claimed in the report that 'poverty has declined by 7.25 percentage points from 47.15 percent in 1999-2000 to 39.90 percent in 2004-05 and further by 10.21 percentage points to 29.69 percent in 2009-10'. It said steps initiated over the years have also impacted in reducing poverty amongst the STs and SCs. \"Given that the concentration of poverty is among specific social groups and regions in the state, the government has undertaken several programmes' to address the situation. The nagging poverty has evidently resulted in high IMR at 61, MMR at 258 and low life expectancy. The report stated life expectancy of males in Odisha 64.3, while that of females 67.3 as against the national average of 67.3 for male and 69.6 for females. Life expectancy in Odisha is just marginally better than Assam. \"Good health is a livelihood asset that enables people to participate in work and socio-economic development. Illness, on the other hand, causes misery and impoverishment,\" the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "atchyutapuram (visakhapatnam)", "code": "12025601", "title": "Effluents spell doom for thousands of fish", "text": "ATCHYUTAPURAM (VISAKHAPATNAM): Thousands of dead fish on Friday floated up in the Special Economic Zone with the disaster being attributed to the alleged release, into a water tank, of effluents by Sri Lankan apparel company, Brandix.Some cowherds in Gurajapalem village in Rambilli mandal noticed the water in a pond turn green in the morning. As word got around, farmers and fisherfolk gathered around the pond only to find thousands of dead fish float up.Farmers said that, two days back, the apparel company cleaned its effluent treatment plant and released toxic water outside. \"The untreated water was released into a canal, resulting in the death of thousands of fishes,\" sources said.Farmers turned up in numbers to take up the matter with representatives of Brandix. They shouted slogans against the management for causing the death of thousands of fish. Worried that the situation could get out of control, the company sent its staff to clean up the tank over an extent of 18 acres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12026031", "title": "Gender bias: No birth registration of girl child", "text": "JAIPUR: Discrimination against the girl child even in her birth registration has come to the fore in a survey conducted in two districts- Jhunjhunu and Bharatpur. But, two years after the implementation of a project in these districts, the situation has become better.In these districts, it was found out that girls were denied their first legal document, which is provided by the state government in the form of birth certificate. In 2010, a project, 'Counting the girl child - Ensuring rights to the girl child through birth registration in Rajasthan' was launched in Bharatpur and Jhunjhunu by Indian Institute of Health Management Research (IIHMR), Plan India and government of Rajasthan. On the completion of the project, a state-level dissemination workshop was organized at the directorate of economics and statistics at Yojna Bhawan in Jaipur on Friday.The project was launched to increase the birth registration coverage of children below 14 years, with focus on the girl child. Under the project, a baseline survey was conducted in December 2010 and end-line survey was conducted in January 2012. The end-line survey was conducted to assess the progress made during the project period.In December 2010, only 11.9% of girls born were registered while 14.2% of boys were registered in Bharatpur. Similarly in Jhunjhunu, 39.3% of boys and 35.4% of girls' births were registered in the same year.State chief statistician Suraj Mal Raigar said, \"The survey report, which was submitted to me by NGOs, shows that parents do not register the birth of girl child.\"Plan India state manager Rajiv Nagpal said, \"A birth certificate helps in age verification. There are many government schemes which are designed for benefit of children only like Right to Education. A six-year-old child will get direct admission to Class I under RTE. Also, children under-14 come under the Child Labour Act. If a child has no birth certificate, the person who employs a child, under-14 years of age, can get away without punishment. Also, Palanhaar scheme is for children only. Instances of child marriage can also be ascertained by the birth certificate. So, a birth certificate is the right of every child.\"The agencies, which conducted the survey, claimed that after working for two years in the field, in the end line survey in January 2012, they found that the percentage of registration of girls increased in both the districts. It was found that 14.6% boys and 13.5% of girls born were registered in Bharatpur. Similarly, in Jhunjhunu, birth registration of boys increased to 47% while percentage of girls' birth registration was 47.4.In Bharatpur district, there was lack of awareness about birth registration, as only 34.4% men and 20.7% of women were aware about birth registration in 2010. The NGOs asked information boards to make people aware about the importance of birth and deaths certificates. State chief statistician Suraj Mal Raigar assured the representatives from NGOs that efforts would be made in this direction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12028450", "title": "Groom\u2019s affair out in the open on D-Day, hangs self", "text": "MYSORE: In a bizarre incident and a plot befitting a movie, a 28-year-old bridegroom, whose marriage was scheduled to be held on Friday, was found hanging from a tree in Mysore.Manju, 28, a carpenter and a native of Hallada Manuganahalli in Heggadadevana Kote taluk, committed suicide by hanging himself in Metagalli police limits. He used a cable wire to hang himself from a tamarind tree in B M Sri Nagar.Police suspect the bridegroom ended his life when the bride's family came to know of his affair with another woman. But his family members protested by keeping his body in front of V V Puram police station claiming that Manju was murdered and demanded an investigation into his death.However, tragic as the incident may be, it also has its bright side. The shocked bride, Geetha, found her knight in shining armour in her relative Shivaraju, who married her.Police said following an argument between Manju and Geetha's families, he left the marriage hall in Vontikoppal during the wee hours of Friday and was found dead in the morning. According to police, Manju was having an affair with Jaya, a health worker and a widow, for the past two years. But on Thursday, Manju summoned Jaya to Sri Rama Kalyana Mantapa, where the marriage rituals were underway and spent some time with her in the evening. This irked the bride's family who later questioned Jaya, who spilled the beans on their affair.Manju is said to have left the marriage hall after 1am. Metagalli police said they were tipped off about a man hanging from a tree early in the morning. Later they came to know it was Manju.Police suspect that Manju, son of Byrachar and Jayamma, must have been embarrassed and committed suicide. Police, however, are not suspecting any foul play.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12028104", "title": "Now pay power bills through ATMs", "text": "KANPUR: After introducing online payment facility for its consumers, the Kanpur Electricity and Supply Company (Kesco), a venture of Uttar Pradesh government, on Friday launched the bill payment facility at ATMs. With the launch of this banking facility, the Kesco has become the first power distribution company in the state to provide a hassle-free bill payment facility to its customers. With this, Kanpur has joined the elite class of those cities where bill payment facility at ATMs exists.Kanpur has become the first city in the state where power consumers can enjoy paying their bills at ATMs.The Kesco has tied up with Punjab National Bank (PNB) for providing this facility to the consumers. People can avail this facility at 5,900 ATMs of the bank across the country. A total of 64 such ATMs of the bank are functional in the city. Initially, the customers of PNB would be able to avail the advantage but later, Kesco will provide the similar facility to its consumers through other banks as well. On Friday, Kesco MD Ritu Maheshwari launched the bill payment through ATM card facility at Punjab National Bank's main branch on Mall Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12026979", "title": "48 to contest elections for SaVaNa's 18-member panel", "text": "NASHIK: Zende-Beni's Ekatmata Panel has declared their candidates for the forthcoming five-yearly election of the oldest library of the city, Sarvajanik Vachnalaya (SaVaNa). Two panels, Grantha Bhushan MS Aurangabadkar's Granth Premi Panel and Zende-Beni's Ekatmata Panel will be contesting the elections. 18 posts with 48 candidates are in the fray. While Granth Premi Panel had declared its panel early this week, Ekatamata Panel declared its candidates soon after.Sharad Ashatputre will be contesting in the straight fight for the post of chairman from Ekatmata Panel while Chandrakant Mahamine will be contesting for the post of deputy chairperson. Though for the post of vice-chairman, ideally four candidates contest for two posts, Ekatmata Panel has fielded only one candidate.\"Naresh Mahajan who is contesting from the Granth Premi Panel is a literatteur and we do not want to oppose his candidacy for the sake of opposing. So we have decided to support him. Even Mahamine is a literary figure and Mahajan has also decided to support him,\" informed one of the candidates of Ekatmata Panel.The executive board has 43 candidates contesting for 15 posts exclusing the posts of chairperson and two vice-persons. From the Ekatmata Panel Vasant Khairnar, NanduGawande, Jayprakash Jategaonkar, Swapnil Torne, Dr Vedashree Thigle, Anil Deshpande, Sanjay Paranjape, Kishore Pathak, Sharad Puranik, Shankar Barve, Shrikant Beni, Suresh Mene, Chandrahaas Varti, Chandrashekhar Shah and Shrikrishna Shirode will be contesting the election for the executive body.Both panels said promoting literature and contributing towards its growth is their main objective and they would keep their promises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12025579", "title": "Woman killed as college bus crashes into truck", "text": "GURGAON: A woman was killed and two others injured when a speeding college bus rammed into a truck near Artemis Hopsital in Gurgaon on Friday morning. The victim, identified as Manju Bala, a native of Jhajjar, was moving her belongings to her Gurgaon house and was seated on the front seat of the truck when a bus belonging to Manav Rachna International University rammed into the truck. Bala received multiple injuries in the accident. She was rushed to Artemis hospital, where she succumbed to her injuries.The victim was with her brother, Manoj, when tragedy struck. Manoj and the truck driver were also injured in the accident. A case has been registered against the driver for causing death by negligence (Section 304 A). The bus was empty when the accident took place. The police have confiscated the bus but the accused driver, who has been identified as Akhilesh, a native of Madhaya Pradesh, fled soon after the accident.The accident happened when the truck reached the Sector 51 crossing and was hit by the college bus which was speeding. The impact of the collision left the front portion of the canter mangled beyond recognition. According to DCP (east), Maheshwar Dayal, the police will seek the opinion of a technical expert to ascertain whether or not the bus had a speed governor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12028015", "title": "Pavan Kumar Sain is new South Goa collector", "text": "MARGAO: IAS officer Pavan Kumar Sain took charge as the South Goa district collector on Friday, following the hospitalization of Daulat Hawaldar who was serving as the district magistrate.Hawaldar had suffered a mild cardiac arrest in the wee hours of Thursday and was admitted to the Hospicio hospital, Margao. However, sources informed that Hawaldar was shifted to a private hospital in Margao on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12025928", "title": "56 illegal colonies to be regularized in district", "text": "GURGAON: Deputy commissioner P C Meena has said that 56 unauthorised colonies in Gurgaon district will be regularized soon. The plan for regularization of 45 of these colonies has already been sent to the Urban Development department, Meena said in a meeting held between the Urban Development department and the MCG.Of late, a lot of unauthorized colonies have mushroomed in not only the city, but in the neighbouring areas as well. Earlier, in 2011, after repeated allegations that illegal colonies are being carved out by the ruling party leaders in the district, Meena had directed the revenue officers in the district not to register sale deeds in unauthorized colonies. This had led to widespread discontent among the residents.Apart from regularizing the illegal areas in Gurgaon city, Meena said the civic body would monitor the other illegal areas in the district and prepare a plan to regularize them.\"The areas that are outside the purview of the MCG , such as one colony in Pataudi and seven colonies in Hailey Mandi, will also be regularized. I will personally inspect the unauthorized areas in Sohna and Farrukhnagar and prepare a plan for the regularization of areas that fulfil the criteria,\" Meena said.He added that while drafting the proposal for regularization, it must be made sure that the colonies are not built on any government land and that no developer benefits directly by the regularization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12026876", "title": "Dowry case in Ambad", "text": "The Ambad police have registered a case of dowry against four on a complaint filed by Rupali Abhonkar, who alleged that As per Rupali Abhonkar (29) resident of Ganesh Chowk, Ambad, her husband Pritish Abhonkar and three of his kin others of her in-laws, have harassed her mentally and physically for demanding Rs 50,000 from her parents.The woman in her complaint has said that she was being tortured within a week of her marriage on January 16, 2005.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "bhuj", "code": "12026119", "title": "Top businessman relives passion for desert rally", "text": "BHUJ: After six hours and 350 kilometres of tough driving on almost unmotorable terrain on the Rann of Kutch, Sanjay Bhandari looked as if he was stepping out of a board meeting. The co-owner of erstwhile Bank of Rajasthan looked fresh enough to put in another 350 kilometres on the same terrain.\"Rally has been my passion,\" the Jaipur-based businessman told TOI after driving his 1976 model Toyota Prado into Camp Tropic Of Cancer, a temporary shelter for the driver and the car on the edge of the Rann.\"I last participated in a rally in 1991,\" he informed. \"After 20 years, I have the same zeal and passion.\"The man, who is on the board of directors of at least five corporate bodies, started rallying in 1983. \"I have loved cars since a long time. I have participated in rallies in India as well as in Europe,\" he added. \"I was quite actively into rallying.\"However, pressures of running a business did not leave him with enough time to pursue his passion. \"I quit rallying as I wasn't getting enough time for it.\" The love, however, remained. \"I kept on following rally events,\" he said. Now, in mid-life, he wants to relive the days as a rally driver. \"I am enjoying it immensely.\" There is also a yearn to see his seven-year-old son become a rally driver one day. \"By seeing me in a rally, I do hope he gets inspired.\" In his comeback rally, he hasn't pushed his car too much, even though the powerful Prado could have done much more.Gaurav Gill, the current national champion, is his favourite. \"He is a great driver and has put India on the world's rally map.\"Now, Bhandari wants to make his hometown Jaipur a major rally destination. Bhandari is hoping to sponsor a rally event in and around Jaipur soon. \"Rajasthan has a lot to offer when it comes to car rallying,\" he said. \"There are so many unexplored regions..it is just amazing.\"He hopes to adopt a driver too and confirms that it will be a Jaipur-based one. He has a special affection for Aabhisek Mishra, a Jaipur-based driver who has already won the Maruti Suzuki Desert Storm. Aabhisek is in fact, running third in the ongoing Desert Storm. \"There are quite a few rally enthusiasts in Jaipur,\" Bhandari said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12027698", "title": "Navroop Mitter: Man with the pink turban unwraps White House social media outreach", "text": "WASHINGTON: You couldn't miss the pink turban if you tried. So striking was it that it not only overwhelmed his matching pink tie, it even overshadowed the two powerful men -- President Barack Obama and vice-president Joe Biden -- in front of him, and send the news media scouting to find out more about the man beneath the patka.Washington DC-area resident Navroop Mitter never expected a shout out from the White House to attend President Obama's policy speech when he responded to a tweet from Obama's Office of Social Engagement last week asking how an extension of the payroll tax cut -- about $40 per paycheck -- would help the salaried.''@whitehouse #40dollars pays for the coffee an entrepreneur needs to keep going so he/she can deliver those jobs we need!'' Mitter, co-founder of technology start-up GryphCo, and a motorcycle riding and nihari cooking enthusiast, responded on Twitter.Next thing, the White House invited him over for the Obama speech on pay-roll tax cut last Tuesday as part of an outreach effort aimed at giving a natural feel to rallies and events often stacked with party faithful.Even then, Mitter, who counts himself as an independent who admires what Obama is doing under difficult circumstances, expected to be herded to the back of the room. He joked to his family and friends that they may able to catch a glimpse of him if the camera pans.''At the WhiteHouse. Waiting for President Obama to arrive,'' Mitter tweeted on February 21, revealing that he had seen Obama speak in person once before, during his national debut at the 2004 Democratic National Convention. But when he walked into the Eisenhower Executive Office Building next to the White House, he was propelled to the front lines.''I had no idea I would be standing right behind the President and the vice-president,'' he told ToI in a phone conversation just before boarding a flight, even as his picture and an ABC Television story went viral on social networks.To his luck, he had picked out a pink turban, a color traditionally work by Sikhs at weddings, to go with his pink tie. To say it stood out would be an understatement; it was such a visual treat that it sent ABC journalist Byron Wolf scouring for him on Twitter.Mitter, whose parents immigrated from India to Canada (where he was born) and moved to the US, has degrees in religion and bio-medical engineering from Boston University . He says he's pleased with the White House outreach towards the Sikh community that will see it following up Obama's hosting of Guru Nanak birth anniversary in 2009 with a possible White House celebration of Baisakhi this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12028098", "title": "Electioneering a damp squib in socegado Goa", "text": "PANAJI: The only signs of the state being in the midst of an election campaign can be seen in the newspapers. In socegado Goa, even a political campaign does not rouse the electorate.Where are the rallies, the public meetings, the vehicles begging for votes, the blaring jingles, the strewn pamphlets, the stickers on cars, the posters on the walls, the banners across streets, the messages painted on the roads, the waving flags? It just doesn't seem like an election campaign is on.A decade ago an election campaign engulfed the voter at every corner. Today one has to search around every corner for signs of activity and even then one finds none. The model code of conduct evolved by the election commission and strict monitoring of election expenditure appear to have taken the fun out of campaigning. With less than a week to go before the state elects a new set of legislators, campaigning in Goa shows almost little sign of heating up.With an expenditure cap of Rs 8 lakh in place and candidates having to open a separate election related bank account for routing all poll related transactions, aspirants to the legislature seem to be adopting a cautious approach.So cautious are candidates that those whose birthdays happen to fall during the campaign period have gone to the extent of issuing newspaper advertisements on the previous day requesting well-wishers not to greet them through advertisements.But there's some innovation. Some parties and candidates appear to be relying on catchy television advertisements to woo voters.From P1Parties have also invested in radio advertisements with major radio stations belting out radio jingles on a regular basis and then there's the social networking sites many politicians are using to reach out to voters.As campaigning surges into the last lap, candidates are moving to the doorsteps of the voters and personally seeking their support. Corner meetings are another form of canvassing, most draw people as they end with some refreshments.Interestingly, Trinamool Congress, which is rooted in West Bengal, is using Konkani tunes for its advertisements, while the ruling Congress seems to be relying on popular Hindi tunes.Candidates are also using their symbols to attract voters. Cumbharjua candidate Fr Bismarque Dias' intriguing campaign has been centred on the theme of 'kindness'. After releasing his kindness manifesto, Dias' supporters are holding innovative programs like 'kindness picnics' and pledges of 10,000 acts of kindness in tune with the campaign. Dias traverses the constituency with a pot, his symbol, his supporters also holding some more.Vijai Sardessai, an independent from Fatorda, makes arrangements for lighted candles-his election symbol-on the ground for his corner meetings. Sardessai has also enlisted the likes of singer/composer Sidhanath Buyao and tiatrist 'Humberto' to canvass for him.Parties that have recently entered the fray such as Goa Vikas Party (GVP) and Trinamool Congress (TC) are going out of their way to establish their identity. GVP supremo Francisco \"Mickky\" Pacheco and TC Margao candidate Savio Coutinho for instance, move around with scarves that have their party symbol printed on them.Cortalim constituency BJP candidate Matanhy Saldanha of the BJP party has been using 'Zagor'-a traditional form of tiatr-to get his message across to voters. Saldanha is said to have earlier sent Diwali and Christmas greeting cards to residents of his constituency.In Velim constituency, the seafarer community is being wooed by promises, whereas in neighbouring constituencies, Konkani 'cantarams' (songs) are being aired by certain politicians.A bevy of Bollywood and sports stars are also lined up to visit the state. Hema Malini was in Goa on Friday, while Sanjay Dutt, Shatrughan Sinha and sports personalities like Mohammad Azharuddin will be coming soon, all aiming to woo Goa's voters. Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "12026047", "title": "Two mobiles seized from Ajmer jail", "text": "AJMER: The jail administration on Thursday night seized two mobile phones from hardcore criminals here. One of the mobiles was found in possession of Atish Garg, serving life sentence for a murder he committed in Jaipur. Smuggling of mobiles and SIM cards inside Ajmer Central Jail has not stopped despite tall claims made by the jail administration about a tight vigil here. Nearly 24 mobiles and same amount of SIM cards were recovered from the jail inmates on February 20. The jail administration refused to comment on the issue.According to sources the mobile was recovered from Atish when he was talking to someone inside a washroom. Atish is alleged to be the mastermind behind a shootout in Jaipur in which a businessman was seriously injured.Last year about 36 mobiles were recovered from hardcore criminals and it was found out that they had made calls overseas. The investigation was then dropped in the matter. An incident of hiding a mobile in the false heel of a prisoner's shoes also came to light about six months ago.The jail administration made all efforts to stop the smuggling of mobiles inside the jail. Sources said that the matter has been reported to DGP jails for his instructions in this matter. When contacted, the jailer refused to comment and said, \"The jail superintendent is out of town. I will not comment on the matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "tirupati", "code": "12025620", "title": "Bomb rumour creates panic at Renigunta airport", "text": "TIRUPATI: Little did Mettapalli Jeevarathnam Reddy realize when he set out to Renigunta airport to meet his 'beloved' leader Y S Vijayamma in a black Indica car that it would send airport officials into a tizzy on Friday. Rumours flew thick and fast that the car parked by Reddy was loaded with bombs and that it could explode at any moment.The two-hour high drama came to a tame end only after an equally nervous bomb squad officials did a complete check-up of the car parked on the airport premises and called the bluff of some local media channels which 'bombarded' the false news.It all began when Reddy, a YSR Congress Party activist of Pachhikapallam village in Vedurukuppa mandal, came to the airport in his car (bearing registration number AP 035 9666) and parked it at the airport portico. After receiving Vijayamma who arrived in a Spice Jet flight around 10.30 am, he went away along with other activists to attend a marriage in PNR Hotel.Meanwhile, police and airport officials were making arrangements to receive Tirupati MLA Chiranjeevi and other important VIPs when they noticed the locked car parked in a haphazard manner. They got jittery and started making frantic calls to find out the owner of the car. Word spread soon that the car could contain bombs and that it could be the handiwork of some extremist elements to blow up the car when the VIPs troop out of the airport. Local media went crazy and started airing the scrolls that the car was loaded with bombs.Leaving nothing to chance, police alerted the bomb disposal squad who rushed to the airport. Senior police officials also joined. The bomb squad thoroughly searched the car and found nothing. Their entire search operation went on for more than one hour. They finally declared that the car was parked on the wrong side.In the meanwhile, cops traced that the car belonged to Reddy and took the car to Gajulamanyam police station.Reddy heaved a sigh of relief after he got back his car.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12027543", "title": "Realtor arrested in cheating case", "text": "KOCHI: In yet another cheating case involving a realtor, Palarivattom police arrested Gireesh Kumar, owner of Parthasarathy Real Estate Builders and Developers, on Friday. Gireesh was arrested for not handing over flats to customers.The police officials said that they had already registered four cases against Gireesh for cheating and fraud. \"The company had promised that the customers would be given flats in different parts of the district, but failed to keep the word. A probe in this regard is currently going on,\" said an official.Gireesh who was arrested from his wife's house in Alappuzha, was presented before the court and later remanded for 14 days.Earlier in the week, Kadavanthra police had arrested Ajay V George, owner and managing director of Star Homes Builders and Apartments, in connection with a flat cheating case.George was arrested by the police for not handing over flats to two customers despite receiving about Rs 40 lakh from them. Later, Ernakulam chief judicial magistrate granted conditional bail to George, who had been remanded for 14 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "12027623", "title": "Slain leader's kin accuses police of 'misbehaviour'", "text": "BURDWAN: Investigation on the murder of two CPM leaders in Burdwan is turning vicious with every passing day. Just a day after police drew flak for not seeking remand of the four accused, slain leader Pradip Ta's wife Chitralekha and daughter Pritha on Friday said they are planning to lodge a case against the investigating officer for \"misbehaving\" with them at their house in Dewandighi.Around 4pm on Friday, Burdwan Sadar police station's inspector in charge Swapan Banerjee visited the murdered leader's house at Dewandighi to talk with Chitralekha Tah, the headmistress of Galsi Girls High School, and Pritha, a student of private polytechnic institute in Burdwan.Talking to TOI, Chitralekha alleged that when Banerjee arrived at their home for investigations, she and her daughter asked him why police had not taken the four arrested persons on police remand for further interrogations. \"The IC questioned us back that who were we to ask this question from him. Then he asked us to provide eyewitnesses, the absence of which will make the case weak,\" she added.\"Our mental condition is very weak and the behaviour of the police has hurt us,\" she added.Her daughter chipped in, \"The investigation so far looks like a farce. The injured Rupkumar Gupta has provided names of few Trinamool leaders but police have not arrested them, who have also been named in the FIR by my uncle Prabir Tah. Also, local Trinamool leaders are trying to analyze the character of my father after his death which is even unfortunate.\"CPM district secretary Amal Halder condemned the behaviour of the police and said the matter has already been intimated to Nirupam Sen and he will discuss the issue with leader of opposition Surya Kanta Mishra.According to Halder, CPM has organized a meeting on April 2 in memory of late Pradip tah at Sanskriti Mancha and a bigger mass meeting later will be organized in May at Burdwan town. \"We are keeping watch on every movement of administration in this case and will not let the culprits get away so easily,\" Halder warned.Banerjee, the IC of Burdwan Sadar police station, denied the allegations, saying high officials like Burdwan SP S M H Mirza have been supervising the case. He refused to elaborate further. There has been no further arrest in the case till Friday evening.After two tensed days, the district came back to normal on Friday. However, a Trinamool party office was set on fire at wee hours of Friday in Nimoh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12028178", "title": "CBI teams conduct raids in city", "text": "VARANASI: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) personnel conducted raids at various places in the city in connection with the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam and food grain scam on Friday.According to reports, a team of CBI raided the house and godown of a contractor, Mahendra Pandey, in Cantonment and Lehartara areas while another team raided the places of a supplier, Rajan Srivastava, in Shivpur area. While Pandey's involvement is suspected in Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam, Srivastava is allegedly involved in the food grain scam.The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) sleuths raided Pandey's house in Parvati Nagar Colony in Cantonment area and godown in Lehartara area. They studied documents and interrogated some persons. The raid were continuing till the filing this report. It may be mentioned here that the CBI had also conducted raids at the house and a hotel of a medicine supplier suspected to be involved in Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam on January 19.They had also raided the office of additional director (health) office, and the offices of chief medical officers in Azamgarh, Varanasi and Ghazipur. Later, a CBI team had also conducted searches at the district hospital in Ghazipur in this region on February 8.Meanwhile, another team of CBI raided Srivastava's house in Ayodhyapuri Colony and his native place in Sarsawa village in Shivpur area. Both the teams started raids at around 8 am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12025478", "title": "HC confirms lifer to Amravati resident", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court upheld lifer to an Amravati resident who burned a girl to death. Raju alias Rajabhau Wankhade (31) was convicted for offences of murder and house trespass by additional session judge in Amravati on October 3, 2006. He was awarded lifer along with rigorous imprisonment for 10 years for both counts. He challenged this appeal in the high court where it was dismissed by a single-judge bench comprising Justice Prasanna Varale. Assistant government pleader Shyam Ahirkar pleaded for the Amravati police.According to Ahirkar, victim Dipali Kulkarni, a standard XII student, had family relations with the accused who was a compounder and wanted to marry her. On the fateful day of March 30, 2005, Dipali's mother Manda had gone for morning walk and on returning noticed flames coming from their house where a mob was trying to douse them. She found the victim with serious burn injured sitting under a tree with a blanket wrapped around her. Dipali told her that Wankhade had threatened to kill her and set her ablaze when she refused to marry him. She had suffered 66% burn injuries and was admitted to the Irwin Hospital. Naib Tahsildar Arun Meshram then recorded her dying declaration. She later succumbed to the injuries during the course of treatment. Amravati police then registered offences on basis of her dying declaration and apprehended the accused on April 2, 2005.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12026857", "title": "'Pune municipality's river navigation project not feasible'", "text": "PUNE: Noted water expert Madhav Chitale on Friday said that river navigation project planned by the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on Mula-Mutha is not feasible. \"The rivers are in a pathetic condition and do not have the required water level for such a project. Even in the next 20 years, the project will not be possible,\" he said.Addressing a news conference on problems of rivers in the state, as part of the Vasundhara International Film Festival, Chitale said looking at the state of the rivers the PMC should take the responsibility of restoring the water bodies and see that sewage is not released on the rivers.\"Also, rituals or religious practises lead to pollution in the rivers. Here comes the need for creating awareness among the masses. Collective action is needed from government, citizens and various stakeholders to promote water literacy,\" he said.Chitale said more sewage treatment plants are required to curb water pollution and the existing sewage treatment plants need to be fully utilised.Chitale said it's a challenge to meet water requirement of both urban and rural areas. In Pune, water consumption is 300 litre per head every day. The water consumption per person is more, whereas less rainwater is harvested in the city.The 'Maharashtra Nadi Panchayat' was organised by the Vasundhara International Film Festival, in association with Jal Biradari, to highlight the issues of rivers, and bring government, educational institutes, corporates, professionals, NGOs and common citizens together for the cause.Suneel Joshi, convenor Jal Biradari said that the idea was to create a platform and look into the issues of river basin, know about the success stories and the solutions. NGOs, organisations, college students from Maharashtra and Karnataka participated in the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12025922", "title": "Three canal wells in Tass covered to save wildlife", "text": "NAGPUR: The irrigation department has finally covered three drainage wells, the kind in which a tigress had fallen last year, in Tass under Bhiwapur forest range. However, it has failed to take other measures like cross-overs across the Mokhabardi lift irrigation project to allow movement of wild animals.On October 11, a sub-adult tigress had fallen in one of the 20-foot-deep drainage wells built to allow rainwater to pass under the canal. All the wells adjoining a forest with tiger presence were left open until now. \"Three wells, including the one in which the tigress fell, have been covered,\" said U V Parvate, executive engineer of Ambhora lift irrigation division.However, wildlife wing officials have expressed concern over half-hearted efforts. \"The irrigation department is not taking measures needed for wild animals to cross over the canal. It continues to be a hurdle as Mokhabardi canal connects rich wildlife patches towards Bhandara-Navegaon and Brahmapuri-Tadoba,\" a senior wildlife wing official told TOI.TOI was first to report the apathy of the irrigation department on November 4, 2011. The officials had told TOI then that there were six open canal wells in around two km vulnerable forest patch near Tass and they would cover all these wells but only three have been covered.Chief conservator of forests (CCF), Nagpur, had written to the irrigation department on mitigation measures but there is no positive response. Steps to save wildlife remain to be taken across Gosikhurd canal in Chandrapur, Nagpur, Bhandara and Gondia districts from where it passes.Wildlife conservationists have dubbed the irrigation department's move as insufficient. They feared that steel grills installed on open wells would be stolen. They said mitigation steps become mandatory, especially when the government is planning to declare the area a sanctuary.\"Covering wells is a short-term step. Mokhabardi lift irrigation project is a 44 km canal from Ranmangli to Chimur and all along it wildlife may meet with similar fate as Tass tigress.\" said Rohit Karoo, president of Wildlife Conservation Development Centre ( WCDC), Umred.Irrigation department officials admit there were 17-18 such wells in the 44-km patch. Work on the Rs 872 crore project was started two years ago. Of this, 31 kms have been completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12026977", "title": "Nandigram: Mamata clears way to charge cops", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government has withdrawn the special leave petition filed by the Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee administration in the Supreme Court in 2008, challenging the high court order that held the Nandigram firing \"unconstitutional and wholly unjustified\".This clears the way for the CBI to file chargesheets against the police officers in the shooting that killed 14 people and injured 100 on March 14, 2007.Soon after taking over the reins of the state in May 2011, Mamata had announced in May 2011 that the petition pending in Supreme Court would be withdrawn.The Left Front government had moved an SLP questioning the court's jurisdiction to order a CBI probe without consulting the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12026214", "title": "I don\u2019t know Aseemanand: Chouhan", "text": "PANCHKULA: Kamal Chouhan, a disgruntled RSS worker arrested by the NIA, in connection with the Samjhauta Express blast, on Friday claimed that he does not know another accused Aseemanand facing trial in the same case.Chouhan, who was remanded to NIA custody after being produced in the court here, told reporters outside the court premises that \"he knows nothing about Aseemanand.\"\"I don't know Aseemanand,\" he told reporters while being taken by NIA officials to the police van.On February 14, Chauhan had admitted before media that he had planted bombs on board Samjhauta Express in 2007 that left 68 people, mostly Pakistanis, dead.Aseemanand too had told media that he did not know Chouhan.NIA's special public prosecutor R K Handa told reporters that the investigating agency sought 15 days remand of Chouhan before the judge during the in-camera proceedings.Handa said that he pleaded that the accused had to be taken to Madhya Pradesh and other areas for identification of places where he took training on use of explosive materials.Besides, the NIA also want to take Chouhan to Madhya Pardesh for the identification of the shop from where explosive materials were purchased and the room where the entire conspiracy took place.However, the court remanded Chouhan to NIA's custody till March two.Meanwhile, the court asked NIA to produce another accused Lokesh Sharma before a Mumbai court on February 27.The court ordered the custody of Sharma to NIA for being taken to Mumbai as the court there had given the NIA the production warrant of Lokesh Sharma in connection with his alleged role in Malegoan 2008 blasts.Showing no remorse at the previous hearing on February 14, Chauhan had told media that \"Yes, I have done it (planting bombs on the train) on my will.\"The NIA had alleged that Indore-based Chouhan had planted bombs on board Samjhauta Express and had undergone training in arms and explosives in Haryana and Madhya Pradesh. Agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12030480", "title": "8 held for assault on Delhi 5-star hotel security officer", "text": "NEW DELHI: Eight youths were arrested in connection with the assault on a 27-year-old chief security officer of a five star hotel here 12 days ago, police said today.Bhupender Nagar, who was working at the hotel at Nehru Place, was chased, threatened with a firearm and assaulted near Surya Hotel at New Friends colony on February 13.A senior police official said eight persons, including the main accused Rocky, were arrested.\"Nagar was attacked after he denied them entry to the club. To avenge the insult, they started following him as soon as he left club at 5 am on February 13,\" the official said.Four men were caught on CCTV footage of Surya Hotel, threatening Nagar by showing a firearm and beating his friends with iron rods.The accused had allegedly created ruckus in the club two months ago and since then, their entry was banned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12030676", "title": "Pandiraj\u2019s plan of action", "text": "Director Pandiraj says his next will be a romantic comedy.\"In all my three films, the romantic track, which was sprinkled with humour, was much appreciated. So, I'm planning to do a fulllength jolly good romantic film,\" he says.Pandiraj is currently in Dubai on an invitation from the Dubai Tamil Mandram, for a discussion on his films. On his return, he says that he will be meeting with his good friend, director Suseenthiran and the two will discuss a project, for which he will be writing the dialogues. \"I'm yet to hear the story. All I know now is that the film will feature new faces, much like his debut Vennila Kabadi Kuzhu,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12028236", "title": "Bus, autorickshaw collide, 3 killed", "text": "HUBLI: Three people were killed on the spot and three injured in a collision between a private bus and an autorickshaw near Kiresur village near Hubli on Friday night. Hubli rural police inspector Jamadar said the accident took place when the private bus was heading towards Bijapur from Hubli and the autorickshaw was going to Hubli from Yemanur. Driver of the private bus tried to overtake another vehicle and collided with the autorickshaw coming in the opposite side. The deceased, who were travelling in the autorickshaw are not yet identified. A case has been registered with Hubli rural police. Private bus driver fled from the accident spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "12026889", "title": "Jail panel recommends release of nine prisoners", "text": "KANNUR: The Prison Advisory Board of the Kannur Central Jail has recommended the release of nine prisoners, including a life-termer imprisoned for more than 14 years. The others were recommended on old age and medical grounds.A final decision on releasing them would, however, have to be taken by the state government.According to jail authorities, the board meeting of Friday, chaired by ADGP (Prison) Alexander Jacob, considered the names of 59 people, of which two were life-term prisoners, and 46 non-habitual young, male offenders serving short-term sentences. Eleven of them were then shortlisted for being released on medical grounds and old age.However, none of the 46 young offenders found their way into the list of prisoners to be released. The Board also rejected the names of one life-term prisoner and three whose names had been considered under medical/old age grounds.The lifer whose name has been recommended for being released is Penchil Rao (41), a native of Tamil Nadu , who was undergoing sentence in a murder case.The one recommended to be released because of old age is Krishnankutty (68) of Palakkad district. Those recommended on medical grounds are: Kunjan (51), and his father Kadungan (80) of Palakkad, convicted in murder case; Muhammed Koya (70) and Gopinathan (80) of Malappuram district; Gopi alias Koppi (75) of Wayanad, Sreedharan (81) of Idukki, and Balankutty Asari (72) of Kannur.The Board also considered the parole request of 139 prisoners and recommended the names of 104.Apart from the ADGP, district and sessions judge N Thulasi Bhai, district probation officer P Biju, ADM NT Mathew, DYSP (narcotic cell) PC Babu and non-official members P Jayarajan and P Sasi also attended the meeting.In January, the government released nine prisoners as per the recommendation of the board. However, one among them, Moidu alias Calcutta Moidu, is yet to be released as he does not have the money to pay the fine of nearly Rs 6.45 lakh to get the releasing order. On Thursday the advisory board of the woman's jail had recommended parole for three women prisoners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12026597", "title": "Yogeshwar &amp; company get summons", "text": "BANGALORE: Eighth additional chief metropolitan magistrate (ACMM) Kiran Kini on Friday issued summons to all accused in the case, filed by the Serious Fraud Investigation Office (SFIO) under the ministry of corporate affairs against forest minister CP Yogeshwar and his family members, among others.Those issued summons include: Yogeshwar, his wife Manju Kumari, brother CP Gangadhareshwara, brother-in-law Mahadevaiah, HR Ramesh, a director of Mega City (Bangalore) Builders and Developers Ltd (MDBL), chartered accountant Sambashiva Rao, company auditor Sanjay Sreesha, and legal adviser Arun Charanthimath and his wife Sujatha. There were six criminal cases filed against all these by SFIO for cheating and committing fraud on investors of MDBL. The company had taken money from the public, promising housing sites, but had failed to carry out the promise and not refunded the money collected from investors, it is alleged.The magistrate posted the case for hearing to June 11. \"We will file a petition and try to advance the date,\" standing counsel for central government B P Puttasiddaiah said. \"We will file the petition to advance the hearing before the regular court, the fourth ACMM,\" he said.He said the eight cases before the special court for economic offences will come up for hearing on March 9. \"The court has sought office objections and complaint copies,\" he said.The complaint before both courts stated that as MD of a real estate company he started in 1995, Yogeshwar allegedly executed 62 of 450 sale agreements in the names of people who were either dead or missing.Besides this, the ages and addresses of various people were manipulated and forged. The SFIO, which scrutinized the firm's balance sheet, had found that of the money received from members who were promised housing sites, MDBL has shown the amount of Rs 37.22 crore as given to sundry debtors (miscellaneous small or infrequent customers who are not assigned individual ledger accounts but are classified as a group) during 2005-06. It was shown as land advances paid to purchase land for Vajragiri project launched by MDBL during 1995-96 to 2005-06. It was also found that no land acquired by his real estate company through such fraudulent deeds was shown in its account.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12027420", "title": "Kerala High Court for deploying CRPF at Vilappil", "text": "KOCHI: Central government's police forces would be deployed if needed to implement the court order to provide protection to disposal of waste at Vilappilsala plant, the Kerala High Court warned on Friday.When a petition by Thiruvananthapuram Corporation came up for hearing on Friday, division bench of acting chief justice Manjula Chellur and justice P R Ramachandra Menon ordered for impleading the central government and central reserve police force.The court criticized the state police for not providing adequate protection to the corporation for disposing waste at the Vilappilsala waste treatment plant. Observing that the police action was ineffective, the court held that central forces would be deployed if needed to implement the court's direction. On Friday, the corporation submitted to the court that efforts to dispose waste at the plant were prevented by locals led by panchayat officials. The corporation also submitted that police didn't provide protection, despite filing a request, for bringing the leachate plant machinery to the Vilappilsala plant. The machinery, worth Rs 10 lakh, was brought from Pune by the corporation.On February 8, the corporation had asked for more time to clear the accumulated waste at the plant, as there was delay in getting police protection. Even though police protection was ordered by the high court, protection was given by police onlymany days later, the corporation's counsel had submitted to the court.Corporation's counsel had also submitted to the court that the 'samara samithy' has threatened not to allow even a single lorry carrying waste into the plant premises. The threat by the protestors has been reported by many media organizations, the counsel stated.On January 18, court-appointed advocate commissioner K Meera and Kerala State Pollution Control Board had submitted reports that said the waste being dumped at the garbage processing plant was above the capacity of the plant and steps should be taken to limit dumping of waste.During the inspection by pollution control board, it was found that the average quantity of waste reaching the plant was 203 tonnes per day, out of which 114 tonnes was biodegradable, whereas, the plant had the capacity to handle only 90 tonnes a day. Based on this, pollution control board had recommended that waste disposal should be limited to 90 tonnes a day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12027003", "title": "NHRC sends notice to state a day after police gun down five", "text": "CHENNAI: A day after they gunned down five men who are suspected to have robbed two banks in the city, the Chennai police are finding themselves in the firing line.The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) on Friday issued notices to the Tamil Nadu director general of police and the district magistrate and the senior superintendent of police, Chennai, to investigate the deaths.Around the same time, a lawyer filed a public interest litigation in the Madras high court, seeking a direction to the state to register a case of murder against police personnel involved in the alleged encounter and hand over the case to the Central Bureau of Investigation .Chennai police officials were at their evasive best on Friday as XIV metropolitan magistrate Geetha Rani of the Egmore court completed the preliminary inquiry.\"Let the judicial inquiry answer your questions,\" said Chennai commissioner J K Tripathy, reacting to media reports exposing various holes in the police story. Contrary to the police claim that a special team descended on A L Mudali Street in Velachery, where the five men lived, after midnight, neighbours had told reporters that the place was teeming with police well before 10pm on Wednesday. The absence of blood on the walls and the minor injuries suffered by two inspectors while all the suspects took bullets in their heads had raised questions against the police version that they had opened fire in self-defence.The NHRC, meanwhile, served the notice based on an online complaint from Peoples' Vigilance Committee on Human Rights secretary general Lenin Raghuvanshi.The commission directed the officers to respond to its notice within eight weeks along with the magisterial inquiry report, the postmortem report and an independent investigation report. \"The commission will deliberate on these and take further action,\" said NHRC public relations officer Jaimini Kumar Srivastava.Raghuvanshi told TOI that his complaint was based on the rule of law. \"We want an independent probe by the state government, as per the guidelines of the NHRC,\" he said. In his complaint, he sought videography of the postmortem of the victims and asked that the same be communicated to the NHRC.Concerned over the deaths during the course of police action, the NHRC, in May 2010, had told chief ministers of all states to follow revised guidelines since its previous recommendations were not followed in \"true spirit.\" If a specific complaint is made against the police alleging the commission of a criminal act on their part, which makes out a cognizable case of culpable homicide, the case shall be investigated by the state CB-CID or any other specialised investigation agency.Prompt prosecution and disciplinary action must be initiated against all delinquent officers found guilty in the magisterial inquiry or police investigation, the NHRC noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "shankar", "code": "12027502", "title": "'No life without theatre'", "text": "SHANKAR: For Sonpreet Jawanda, theatre is his living, his life, his breath, in short, his everything. He says he can't think of a life without it. Not only in theatre, Sonpreet has also performed in some Punjabi feature films and soap operas.Right now busy directing a play based on drug abuse which would be screened in the month of March at Punjabi Bhawan, Sonpreet, 27, said theatre and acting fascinated him since childhood and he used to take part in cultural activities when in school. But it was only in college that Sonpreet Jawanda, a resident of Shankar, near Ludhiana, got good exposure when he started participating in theatre in youth festivals. He said before his college days, he never got any opportunity to groom his art but things took a turn for good in government college, Rara Sahib, where he won a gold medal in acting and college colour. \"I have also won an acting reality show that was aired on a private channel,\" said Sonpreet.In 2005, he became the disciple of renowned theatre personality, Nirmal Rishi, under whose guidance he acted in a number of plays in different states for four years. Sonpreet said in 2010, he established his own theatre group \" Rising Theatre Group\" and put up its first play, \"Ek Sau Chauda Din\", based on martyr Bhagat Singh , in Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh. Hailing from Shankar area of Ludhiana, Sonpreet said their play was well appreciated by theatre lovers after which they performed the same play in different areas in Punjab. There are 25 theatre artists in his troupe, in which seven are females. Two years ago, he had acted in a Punjabi film \"Sat Sri Akal\" and is now doing another movie, \"Desi Munde\", being directed by Mandeep Benipal. He said the movie would be released this year and would go to UK for its shooting.Lamenting on the condition of theatre in Punjab, Sonpreet said Punjab government is not much active in promoting theatre, whereas states like Maharashtra and West Bengal do a lot. \"City has no back up for this art,\" he regretted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12028229", "title": "Husband gets bail in Borivli suicide case", "text": "MUMBAI: Navalkishore Agarwal (38), the husband of Borivli housewife Nandita, who killed herself and their son by jumping from the 12th floor of their housing society, has been released on bail.\"Agarwal was produced before a metropolitan court on Friday morning, following which he was granted bail on a surety of Rs 50,000,\" said a senior police officer. Agarwal's counsel told the court he had to conduct the last rites of his wife and three-year-old son.The police had submitted an application to the court objecting to the bail since the investigation had not been concluded . The police also said they had questioned the couple's domestic help, Pavan Mandal (24), for a second time. Mandal was present in the flat when the incident took place. \"He has repeated the details he gave us in his initial statement . He is not a suspect in the case,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12030724", "title": "Prabhu Deva's latest to be dubbed into Telugu", "text": "Prabhu Deva's last directorial venture in Tamil, Engeyum Kadhal, might not exactly have set the cash register ringing, but the film was appreciated for its music (by Harris Jayaraj ) and the chemistry that its lead pair, Jayam Ravi and Hansika, shared onscreen.Now, the latest is that the film is being dubbed into Telugu.Ravi wrote on his micro-blogging page, \"Engeyum Kadhal (dubbed) coming soon in Telugu. I'll be in Hyderabad for the audio launch next week and will confirm the title soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12030910", "title": "BSNL to launch 7-inch tablet @ Rs 3250 to rival Aakash", "text": "NEW DELHI: BSNL announced it would bring three tablets in partnership with Pantel, a company based in Noida. Of the three, the cheapest one will be sold for Rs 3,250, a few hundred rupees more than the commercial version of Aakash tablet.The 7-inch tablet - BSNL Penta T PAD IS 701R - is powered by 1ghz processor and comes with 256MB RAM. It has a resistive screen and runs on Android operating software. The tablet will be sold along with special data plans and 3G services from BSNL.The two other tablets are priced at Rs 10,999 and Rs 13,500. Both have capacitive screen, which has better touch sensitivity. These two tablets are also made by Pantel . Pantel website shows that the company has started a prebooking for all three.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "12026359", "title": "Suicide pact over 'poverty'", "text": "KEONJHAR: A tribal man died after drinking poison in a suicide pact with his wife allegedly due to poverty at a village near Telkoi in Keonjhar district.The woman, a mother of two, was battling for her life at a hospital at Kamakshyanagar in neighbouring Dhenkanal district.Police identified the victims as Biranchi Munda (30) and Shanti Munda (28) of Tigiria Munda Sahi village.Villagers said the couple have a two-year-old son and an 18-day-old daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12028302", "title": "Self-assessment of property on the cards", "text": "Mumbaikars may soon be able to evaluate their property tax liability and pay the same online, much in the way they file income tax returns.A proposal to introduce self-assessment is awaiting clearance from municipal commissioner Subodh Kumar. It can be implemented after the newly elected civic standing committee approves the BMC's pending proposal to impose a capital value-based system of computing property taxes. Replacing the annual rateable value system of calculation with the capital value method will be one of the first proposals to be taken up by the body when it meets in March.While the state government in 2010 announced introduction of the capital value system , the shift to self-assessment is a reform mandated under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission.\"Citizens have to fill a selfassessment property tax form and calculate the tax on their own, based on rates decided by the BMC,\" said a civic official. The official said so far citizens could complain against the tax determined by the BMC. \"But with self-assessment , there will be no scope for complaints. We will issue a notification with a date to pay property taxes. The BMC will verify malafide intentions for paying less taxes and charge a penalty for doing so,\" said the official.\"Once the capital value system is launched, all Mumbai properties will be on our database . No property tax bills will then have to be sent to citizens ,\" the official added.Rajiv Jalota, additional municipal commissioner, said, \"Several issues still have to be discussed with the assessment department and municipal commissioner. Unless the capital value based proposal is approved , self-assessment can't come into force.\"After the self-assessment scheme is approved, the draft amendment will be sent to the state government for incorporating changes in the BMC Act (1888). Once approved, BMC will issue a notification to implement the scheme.Under the rateable valuebased system, property tax in Mumbai is currently computed on the basis of rent paid by tenants. The capital value system initially received stiff opposition from citizens and elected representatives, with suburban residents arguing they would have to pay more taxes than the island city. \"We submitted a revised proposal earlier, but due to the election code of conduct it did not come up for discussion in the standing committee,\" said Jalota.The BMC earns about Rs 1,700 crore annually from property tax, its second highest revenue source after octroi.Calculate &amp; Pay Your TaxSelf-AssessmentUnder the old system of property tax, unless the municipal corporation made a demand and issued a bill, the owner was not liable to pay the property tax. Under the concept of self-assessment of tax, the onus of filing returns and paying taxes will be on the owner or occupierDelhi(Unit Area System) Self-assessment was implemented from April 1, 2004 by the Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD). The method to calculate Property tax is calculated based on the unit area value fixed for every square metre of covered space. The tax for a particular property is thus based on the annual value of the property, which is arrived at by multiplying unit area value assigned to the colonies/localities by the covered area of the property and multiplicative factors for occupancy, age, structure and useBangalore(Annual Rateable Value) The Bangalore Mahanagara Palike (BMP) implemented a self-assessment for property tax in 2000 Tax assessment is based on the gross annual rent which a building or plot of land may be expected to earn each year. The properties were classified based on cost of construction value at current market rate, and rates for zones factored in several criteria like location, built up area, use of property and age of the buildingMumbai(Capital Value) The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation proposes to introduce self-assessment scheme for citizens, based on the capital value system. Under the system, property tax will be computed on the actual property value, in other words on the market price of the property", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12027747", "title": "Minister's no-pay order to beat strike", "text": "KOLKATA: No one knows what is in store for Bengal on February 28, when the Left parties go on an all-out strike and the Mamata Banerjee government goes flat out to stop it. But transport minister Madan Mitra has spelled out precisely what could happen if bus and tram employees do not turn up for work that day - pay cut, or even break of service.The minister's comment sounded as a threat to government employees, especially those working in the ailing state transport corporations.A buoyed CPM has turned the industrial strike call by central trade unions into a bandh in a show of strength. But it appears from government circulars and statements by ministers that this time it will be a break from the state-sponsored shutdowns that was the norm during the Left Front rule.Taking the cue from the chief secretary's radiogram that the government won't grant leave on that day, Mitra issued a diktat to transport employees to keep the city on the move.All employees have to report on Tuesday even if anyone is sick, he warned. \"Not attending work would mean discontinuation of service and it will be maintained in record. This may have an adverse impact during an employee's promotion,\" he said. \"This will be apart from the pay cut for that day, which is very clear from the circular issued by the chief secretary.\"He had a grim message to the staff: \"Let me tell them clearly that the Citu and the CPM won't be there with them forever, and the government won't sit quiet on this matter either.\"\"All buses of the corporations and trams will run on Tuesday,\" Mitra promised. \"We have asked all corporations to increase the frequency of buses what it is on other days. The same goes for water transport. There will be 1,000 state buses running at frequent intervals in the city that day,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12025833", "title": "City on radar for Spanco BPO; IT bigwigs unsure", "text": "NAGPUR: Spanco BPO Ventures, the outsourcing arm of Spanco Limited which has taken up power distribution in parts of the city, also has Nagpur on the radar as its scouting for destinations to start a 500-seat BPO unit. However, this cannot be seen as advent of BPO culture in the city, because many bigwigs in the industry still wary of considering the city as a suitable BPO destination.Spanco which has its BPOs in five cities, Chandigarh, Dehradun, Coimbatore and Mysore is planning to add one more. Director of the BPO arm, Kaustubh Dhavse said a separate city will be preferred to maintain a comparative advantage in terms of cost. A presence in more cities ensures a choice for keeping the cost low. Although the destinations are still being evaluated with Nasik also being considered seriously, said Dhavse.A domestic BPO, it would mainly cater to the telecom and banking security finance and insurance ( BFSI) sector. Initially to have a 200 seat capacity it is planned to expand to 500 within 18 months. This means job creation to the tune of 1,500, considering all the three shifts for which the BPO will run he said.However, even as realtors and other business lobbies have been pushing Nagpur as an IT destination, the major players in this sector are yet to zero in on the city as an ideal BPO destination. Pravin Kamath the global head of Wipro BPO, said the company does not find enough manpower generating capacity in Nagpur. \"Although we have been recruiting personnel in Nagpur to be posted elsewhere, the city does not generate enough numbers to sustain a BPO on its own,\" he saidK Raghanvan who heads the BPO recruitment in Infosys also said that generating enough local recruitment is one of the major considerations for selecting a BPO destination. As far as Nagpur is considered the company needs to conduct a further study, he said adding that it needs to generate a critical mass to start a BPO.According to Rajiv Vaishnav, the vice-president of Nasscom, with smaller cities emerging as alternative destinations for BPOs and other IT units, there is a stiff competition among them in terms of offering a low cost option. The industry defines cities into four categories in terms of size. These are metros, tier I, tier 2 and 3. Nagpur is in the third category. So it will have to also compete with bigger cities, in terms of infrastructure and those smaller, in terms of cost. Operating a BPO in tier 2 city costs 30% less than a metro, but a tier 3 city makes it cheaper by 35%. Metros and Tier 1 cities have a gap of 25-30%. Cities of Tier 3 level are also eyeing a place in the IT map, said Vaishnav.Reliance' Animation is planning to start a training centre under the Reliance BIG AIIMS chain. To be started in a month's time, the centre will offer training to build a career in the animation business, said the company's CEO Ashish S K. It will have a capacity of around 200 students, the other centres are in Pune, Delhi, Kolkata and Chennai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12026555", "title": "Mumbai cops slammed over 'kiss-and-hug' fine", "text": "MUMBAI: Citizens have reacted strongly to the police action against a 25-year-old man after he \"hugged and pecked a girl on her cheek\" on Bandra's Carter Road on Thursday. On his part, the man in question, Kuber Swarup, denied that he had done anything wrong while being produced in a court. The police, however, justified their action on the grounds that they could not allow \"indecent behaviour in public.Kuber, after having a chat with his friend near a police chowkie, got an autorickshaw for her. He hugged her and gave her a peck on the cheek before leaving.An officer and a constable attached to the Khar police station took umbrage to this and took Kuber to the chowkie. They also subjected him to a lecture on \"Indian tradition and culture\". Kuber tried to explain to them that it was just a friendly hug. He also said he would hug every friend and relative in a similar manner. But the cops did not relent and took him to a police station.Kuber said: \" I tried to explain to them that there was nothing indecent in my behaviour, but they were not ready to listen to me.\"The police fined Kuber under the Bombay Police Act and he was allowed to go only after paying a fine of Rs 1,200. He was also asked to appear in court on Friday. A senior Khar police officer justified the action, saying they could not allow such behaviour in public as the place was visited by a large number of people.However, Bandra resident Shyama Kulkarni said: \"I don't believe all forms of public display of affection, such as hugging, are indecent. Such moral policing is certainly not acceptable.\" Anil Joseph, who lives in Bandra (W), said senior officers should sensitize their juniors on what constituted indecent behaviour and also explain how to deal with youths so that they could keep in touch with the changing times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12026911", "title": "CH01AM series from next month", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Registration and Licensing Authority (RLA) is set to launch the new vehicle registration series- CH01AM- next month. The advertisement regarding booking VIP and choice numbers for the auction will be made public in the first week of March.The auction will be held after a week of announcement at the RLA office in Sector 17.There would be over 9,999 numbers in the new series and RLA expects morethan 80 numbers would go for auction. In the last series, over 100 numbers were auctioned.\"We have started our exercise, as the registration numbers of the current series would be over by second or third week of March,\" said a RLA official.RLA had received 619 applications for VIP numbers during the launch of last series ( CH01AL). Of these, 498 numbers were allotted without auctions as RLA had received single applications for these.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12026279", "title": "Traffic curbs on JJ flyover, in Bhandup", "text": "One of the lanes of JJ flyover will be closed to traffic till March 21 between 11pm and 6am to facilitate the replacement of old expansion joints. Traffic curbs will also be in place in Bhandup (W) for the concretization of Subhash Nagar Road. The regulations came into effect from 8am on February 23 and will continue till the completion of the work. There will be no-entry for goods as well as heavy transport vehicles from the junction of LBS Road and Village Road i.e. Kalpana Chawla Chowk, Bhandup (W), up to the junction of Subhash Nagar Road and Goregaon-Mulund Link Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12027201", "title": "Coimbatore homes give the boot to idiot box", "text": "COIMBATORE: J Ajaykumar sells television sets for a living, but sold his own TV a few months ago when he realized that his three-year-old daughter refused to eat unless her favourite show was on. \"She and her nine-year-old brother didn't play. We realized that they were growing up with an unrealistic approach to life,\" says the businessman from Coimbatore.He is one of a small but growing tribe of parents in Coimbatore who have sold their TVs hoping to get their children to use their imagination and the ability to mingle with others. More than three dozen parents in the city are getting their children used to life without a TV. \"My children now play together and enjoy painting and singing. I feel their communication skills and confidence levels have increased. They also started getting lot of physical activity,\" says Ajaykumar.M Sethumaran, a top executive with a phama company, is planning to sell his television or watch it only after his four-year-old goes to sleep. \"I found Athik getting disturbed by the violence on screen. Even children's channels have a lot of violence,\" he says.Elders in chartered accountant Anupriya's family complained at first when the idea of selling the TV was mooted. \"They didn't want to miss their serials, but now they are happier because their grandchildren chat and play with them more,\" she says.Many parents are also concerned that the content on children's channels or cartoons is unrealistic and violent. \"The content in cartoons is not different from films or crime programmes. Revenge is the only lesson they impart,\" says Ajaykumar.Bhanumathi, an agriculture scientist, sold her TV three months ago. \"My four-year-old was asking why Chotta Bheem is never injured. I felt TV was creating a virtual world where kids get a wrong notion on life,\" she says.Parents are forgoing entertainment but educators say it is a good move. \"It is, in fact, an investment in the children. Kids regain their childhood,\" says school teacher Rama Menon, who has persuaded many parents to sell their TV sets.\"Children are impressionable and can be easily influenced by what they see on TV,\" says Santhya Vikram, who runs Yellow Train, a kindergarten in Sivananda Colony that makes \"no TV at home\" a condition for admission.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "12027225", "title": "Arumugam denies interviews to recruit youth wing candidates", "text": "SALEM: Despite warning from the DMK high command, a faction of the partymen reportedly secretly interviewed candidates for various posts of the youth wing on Wednesday, allege supporters of former MLA and state deputy secretary of the party's youth wing R Rajendran.DMK treasurer and youth wing's secretary M K Stalin is in the process of selecting candidates for youth wing posts by touring districts and directly interviewing partymen.However, a controversy erupted on February 13 when party district secretary and former minister Veerapandi S Arumugam tried to hold interviews for youth wing posts bypassing Stalin. After the intervention and warning from the high command, the interview process was cancelled.\"I was out of station for the past three days. But, I heard about the interviews. They have breached party's order on the issue,\" Rajendran said. However, Arumugam denied the allegation by saying, \"No such interview took place here. Stalin called me and said that he will come here (Salem) on March 5 to hold the interviews. But, I had asked him to change his programme to March 6. He had accepted my request.\"He said, \"Stalin will commence his tour to hold interviews in the districts of Salem, Namakkal, Tirupur, Erode, Coimbatore from March 6.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12027429", "title": "Folding cycle and Rs 2 lakh rickshaw ride high", "text": "LUDHIANA: Residents, especially cycling enthusiasts, were thrilled at the 3-day 'Bike Expo-2012' that commenced from Friday in the grounds of Government College for Women, Bharatnagar Chowk. Cycles with alloy wheels, disk brakes, three shockers and folding cycle were the attraction of the expo. Rickshaw worth Rs 2 lakh grabbed maximum eyeballs.The common aspect of all the things displayed was that manufacturers had kept the weight and price of the cycle as low as possible so that they could cater to maximum people.In the morning before inauguration, a cycle rally was organized from Satluj Club to the venue of the expo.Hero cycles launched the urban trial segment of cycles having carbon frame, the USP of which is that the cycles remain light weight. Senior vice president of the Hero group, A K Mathur, said there are 10 types of cycles in this segment through which they would be targeting the high premium segment. The weight of the cycle is about 9 kgs and the price Rs 42,000. Avon cycles launched four varieties of cycles with alloys with 18 to 21 gears with disc brake.Resident of Haibowal, Manoj Arora, sales manager of the company, said price of these cycles has been kept around Rs 7,000 so that they can cater to masses. He said folding cycle was much in demand, as it can be dismantled and put it in the car and it hardly takes a minute to again put it in its right shape. He said they are also showcasing electric wheel chair that is battery-operated.LA sovereign company introduced hydraulic disc brakes in cycles. Company's MD Rohit Kalra, resident of Model Town, said these kinds of cycles are very good when one has to go for mountaineering. With front suspension and hydraulic brakes, this cycle has 27 gears in it, added Rohit.Leader cycle company introduced a cycle with three shockers in it. Resident of Agar Nagar, Rajinder Jindal, MD of the company, claims to be the first one to have introduced a cycle with three shockers. He said this cycle with alloy wheels will cost around Rs 5,500.MD of Hybird Cycles, R D Sharma of Lajpat Nagar said they have launched high-end rickshaw priced at Rs 1.5 to 2 lakh. These rickshaws have been designed for the European and the US market and he aims to sell about 500 units in the next financial year.The rickshaw has 21 gears and is meant for the niche markets. They will be used for high-end tourism and hospitality sector in the overseas market. The same type of rickshaws have been made for the Indian market, but its body is of steel as against aluminium so that price comes around Rs 30,000, said Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12025501", "title": "Flight pain: Airlines are all-powerful", "text": "NEW DELHI: Public anger at the offloading of a differently-abled passenger by SpiceJet at Kolkata had barely cooled when Jet Airways misbehaved with a disabled woman flying from Delhi to Raipur on Monday. The incident has been reported to Directorate General of Civil Aviation and the chief commissioner for persons with disability.Anjalee Agarwal who suffers from limb girdle muscular dystrophy, a progressive neurological condition in which muscles gradually weaken, has alleged that the airline first forced her to sign an indemnity bond at the Delhi airport before permitting her to board the flight, and then refused to provide her with a wheelchair inside the aircraft at Raipur.\"A staffer asked me to sign an indemnity bond before issuing my boarding card. When I refused, he said it's their rule and I can't fly without signing. I had to sign it as I could not afford to miss the flight. At Raipur, I was ordered to be bodily lifted till the gate of the aircraft, then transferred to the big wheelchair and carried down the steps,\" said Agarwal. The staff also allegedly told her that she could not be provided a wheelchair as she had not requested for one.While it would seem that Indian civil aviation has no guidelines for disabled passengers, in May 2008, DGCA came out with an exhaustive list of dos and don'ts that airlines - both domestic and international - had to follow while dealing with persons suffering from any kind of disability.However, 'Carriage by Air of Persons with Disability or Reduced Mobility under provisions of Rule 133-A of the Aircraft Act, 1937' did not specify any punitive action that could be taken against those airlines violating its rules. The \"proper redress\" of complaints was left open to interpretation, which is why most airlines get away by following their own rules.Kanu Gohain, former director general of DGCA who was at the helm of affairs when the regulation was drafted, says these regulations are applicable to all airlines but DGCA itself is not authorised to take action in cases of violation. \"It is an absolutely humiliating experience for persons with reduced mobility to be singled out like this. The regulations drafted in 2008 are a highly comprehensive list of dos and don'ts to be followed by airlines. However, the responsibility for taking action lies with the airline management or airport operator,\" he said.The regulations address everything from the special requirement of passengers while booking tickets to medical clearance, wheelchair and other assistive devices, boarding and seating of passengers, provision of ambulance, assistance inside the aircraft and a mechanism for filing complaints.If the authorities took notice of the violations of these regulations by airlines, the latter would be in serious trouble. For instance, an airline cannot refuse to board any passenger with reduced mobility or disability, and their assistants, which may also mean a guide dog. The practice of making disabled passengers sign indemnity bonds acquitting airlines in any mishap during the flight is also against rules.Abha Negi, director of NGO Svayam, says she has often witnessed airlines demanding such indemnity bonds and on resistance to such demands they refuse to issue boarding cards to passengers till the last minute. \"Mishaps can also occur with passengers who are completely physically fit. It is absolutely degrading to be put through such procedures. In fact, anytime I have accompanied someone with special needs on a flight and we have refused to sign the bond, the airline has made us wait till the last minute,\" she says.Times ViewIndia aspires to be recognized as an emerging global superpower. As a nation that is home to about a sixth of the world's population and one that has the second fastest growing large economy, that is not a misplaced ambition. But it will take more than high rise buildings and grand malls for it to be realized. The true measure of a country having matured and developed lies not only in these but in whether it has learnt how to respect and be sensitive to those on the margins. That includes the poor, minorities, the elderly, weaker sections and the disabled. On this count, unfortunately, our governments, private institutions and individuals have a long way to go.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12030367", "title": "'Raju' star to watch Oscar at home", "text": "An oscar is a 'boro prize' for Krish Gupta. But it's also too far away. As his 'Raju' fights it out for the golden statuette on Monday, the child will have to be content catching the action on TVAmio jabo,\" says little Krish, his eyes shining like stars in the dark room. There are so many journeys ahead for the boy - out through the narrow door, into the snaking alley of the slum, past the filth and squalor and into the wide world of opportunities. But those are not thoughts playing in his six-year-old head.All that Krish cares about is that he wants to go to the Oscars. Krish is, after all, the protagonist of \" Raju\", which has won an Academy Award nomination for Best Short Film (Live Action) this year.The KG student had shot for this German graduation movie about illegal adoptions back in August 2010. Produced by Stefan Gieren and directed by Max Zahle - both German students - it is a story of a German couple that adopts an orphan from Kolkata. But the child suddenly disappears and the couple is faced with numerous problems.The film's journey to international festivals has been mirrored in the smaller journeys made by Krish's family in Kolkata. The family of nine still lives in the 8ftx8ft room in a south Kolkata slum. But Krish goes to a better school, the money that the family got from the film has been invested in a fixed deposit. Now, with the Oscar nomination, the boy is once again at the centre of a lot of attention.Oscar pieHaving toured festivals all across the globe, \"Raju\" has already won the bronze medal at the 38th Student Academy Award 2011. But the Oscar nomination comes as the cherry on the cake. So what are the Oscars? \"Oscar ekta boro prize,\" comes the instant answer from Krish.Taranjit Kaur, who was the film's casting director and also had a role in it, says, \"He wasn't too interested in the awards when we first told him about the nomination. But once it all sunk in, he was like, 'I also want to go to America. I will take a bus and then catch a flight'.\"Taranjit was also keen on going to the Oscars. \"Had it been a big budget Hollywood venture - something like \" Slumdog Millionaire \" - getting sponsors would not have been a problem. I was also hoping that the government would come forward to sponsor the tickets for at least two-three members of the cast. I tried talking to a couple of people, but time was a constraint and I have other commitments. Had there been a month, I could have tried harder.\"But didn't Stefan and the team try to help them in any way? \"Stefan was keen that we try and make it. In fact, they did try to get the Indian crew there,\" says Taranjit, keeping her fingers crossed that \"Raju\" finally wins the crown.Getting realBut then, this could have been Krish's gateway to the world, to a bright future. His parents - Sunita and Madan Lal Gupta - are very happy for their son. Even if there is some regret that their son could not travel to the awards, it doesn't show. \"No, I never knocked on any door for sponsorship. I just had a word with didi (Taranjit). I am happy that my son's film is creating waves. For now, I want him to study. The rest can wait,\" says Madan Lal, who works at a printing press.Sunita, too, just wants a bright future for Krish. \"Along the way, if he gets film offers, then why not?\" she says. Taranjit, too, is not \"totally disappointed\". \"Media has supported the film beyond our expectations. That apart, Krish, who was earlier going to a small school, has now joined an English-medium school. Proper education is the prerequisite to a sound future - that's how I see it.What we need now is that the film be screened at more and more Indian festivals. That should open a few doors.\"So what does the family plan to do when the Academy Awards function is held on February 27? Here, in Kolkata, it will already be the morning after and the family plans to watch the show together. \"We will be glued to the television from 6 am. No ranna banna on that day,\" Rinku, Krish's aunt says with a smile.As for Krish, he says, \"Bondhuder sathe Oscar dekhbo.\" The TV will have to compensate for the one trip the child could not make, but for little Krish, life promises many other journeys.Filmi BaateinThe crew started shooting in August 2010 and filmed in the city for nearly a month. This is a German graduation film about illegal adoptions. The cast includes names such as Wotan Wilke Mohring, Julia Richter Arindam Sil, Arindom Gosh and Suroma Nag Krish, who will be a year older on March 11, was four-plus when he started shooting for 'Raju'. The film won the Special Jury Recognition Award and the Audience Recognition Award at the 20th Aspen Shortfest 2011 / USA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12027380", "title": "Sushiri to make debut at Kollur Mookambika today", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: It can be carried in a memory card case. And you can elicit sweet ragas from it by playing it like a mouth organ: applying gentle pressure on both its sides -- with your lips on one side and your finger tips on the other.It's Sushiri, the smallest Indian musical instrument which will make its debut at a professional concert on Saturday (Feb 25) when its inventor, G Jayaprakash, plays it at the Kollur Mookambika temple.\"So far, I have used Sushiri only for academic concerts. Twice, I performed at the Soorya Festival, and once for the Limca Book of Records. Now, it is ready for professional concerts, and I want to start from Mookambika,\" Jayaprakash told TOI before leaving for the shrine.Sushiri is 4.5 cm long, 1.5 cm wide and one mm thick. It weighs less than a gram, and has been recognized as the smallest musical instrument by Limca Book of Records. A wind instrument, it produces sound similar to a flute or Nadaswaram.It was in 2003 that Jayaprakash gave the final shape to this little instrument that he had visualized in his dreams. He carved it out of a piece of sandalwood and put holes of different diameters along its body. It was in 2010 that Limca Book of Records recognized Jayaprakash's invention.Jayaprakash runs a palm products and exports firm in the city. He hasn't had any formal training in music. \"I used to enjoy the keerthanas I heard from the nearby temple when I was a child. Back home, I used to play those keerthanas using a comb. The idea of Sushiri can be traced to that comb in my ancestral home in Kanyakumari district,'' he says.He now plans to hold Sushiri concerts across the state after his debut performance on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12026680", "title": "Labourer dies in accident", "text": "PUNE: A 55-year-old labourer, Bhimrao Kamble of lower Indiranagar, was killed on Friday after the railing along the steps of his house gave way.The police said the incident took place around 1 pm, while Kamble was climbing down from the first floor. \"The railing gave way and Kamble fell down, sustaining severe head injuries. Our men rushed him to a private hospital nearby and later to the Sassoon General Hospital, where he succumbed during treatment,\" the police said.Senior police inspector Kamalakar Takawale of the Sahakarnagar police station said the railing was very old and collapsed under Kamble's weight.The police have registered a case of accidental death in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12030413", "title": "Explain why no FIR filed against Kumble for forging signature: HC", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka High Court on Friday directed the Bharathinagar Police Inspector to be present in court on February 28 to explain as to why an FIR has not been registered against ace cricketer Anil Kumble for allegedly forging the signature of the father of his stepdaughter to obtain passport for her.Justice Abdul Nazeer gave the direction while hearing a writ petition filed last month by Kumar Jagirdar, the former husband of Kumble's wife, seeking a direction to police to file an FIR against Kumble for allegedly forging his signature to obtain passport for Aaruni, the former Indian captain's stepdaughter.In his petition, Jagirdar, who has been engaged in a legal battle with his former wife Chetana, said the police have not registered an FIR on his complaint filed on December 26 last year. Jagirdar contended Kumble had \"impersonated\" him though his name has been mentioned as \"father\" in the passport and signed the documents, thereby \"misleading\" the passport authorities.Aaruni, born to Chetana and Jagirdar, lives with her mother and Kumble. Jagirdar in his complaint stated that despite a Supreme Court judgement, which gave joint guardianship of his daughter in the year 2004, Kumble and Chetana went ahead to apply for a passport for Aaruni with a \"forged\" signature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "behrampore", "code": "12027657", "title": "18-yr-old plans his own abduction", "text": "BEHRAMPORE: Police nabbed a Class-XII student for trying to feign his own abduction and claiming Rs 5 lakh from his father as ransom. The accused, Sheikh Hasanujjaman, was found at Farakka by special operation squad on Thursday night. Hasanujjaman was produced at Jangipur ACJM court on Friday and handed over to his family after a written undertaking. Police have initiated a case against him for harassing government officials.Eighteen-year-old Hasanujjaman is a student of Hosseinnagar High Madrassa. He was missing since Thursday morning, following which his father Badrul Hoque lodged a missing diary. Hoque later lodged a complaint of kidnapping after he received a threat call from the 'kidnapper'.Humayun Kabir, SP, Murshidabad said, \"Hasanujjaman , a student of a local madrassa got married recently. He was missing since Thursday morning. Nobody could trace him and his father Badrul Hoque lodged a missing complaint in the morning. He , father of the teenager, lodged a kidnapping case after he got a phone call demanding Rs 5 lakh. We were also trying to track the calls and found all of them from 24-Parganas and later from Howrah. We nabbed him as it was settled to keep Rs.1 Lac at one Madrassa campus after wrapping the money with news paperWhile police claimed Hasanujjaman staged his abduction so that he could take money from his father and open a mobile phone shop, Hoque refused the claim. \"I was very nervous since I got a call from some unknown number. Then I sought police help.I sought the help of police. I could not imagine that my son was behind all this drama,\" said Hoque.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12027521", "title": "Warmer days bring viral fever", "text": "LUDHIANA: The city may be enjoying the arrival of spring as the weather turns warmer but the change has caused a sudden spurt in viral fever and respiratory diseases. Doctors in the city said the incidence of viral fever has gone up 15-20% this week.Businessman Bhagwinder Singh of BRS Nagar said his sons Ishanpreet, 6, and 8-month-old Taranpreet have been down with viral fever. \"My sons were having cough, cold and sore throat so I took them to a doctor, who told me they were suffering from viral fever caused by the changing weather. The doctor also told my wife and I to be careful not to use things that our kids had used since it is communicable,'' he said. Explaining his condition, Ishanpreet said, \"I had severe backache, cough and cold but now I have taken medicines and feel better. I have been going to school even though I have fever because my exams are going to start soon.''Harpreet Singh , a businessman staying in Haibowal, has also been suffering. \"I have been having fever, cough and cold and it does not seem to be getting better. My friends Rajesh Kumar, who works in a steel industry on Gill Road, and Harinder Singh, a businessman of Shimlapuri, have also been suffering similarly. We know the fever just has to run its course for use to feel better,'' he said.Dr Amit Bery, general physician at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH), said, \"There has been a 15-20% increase in the incidence of viral fever in the last couple of days. Viral fever mostly affects the respiratory system and causes cough, cold and sore throat.''Dr Vikas Lumba, general physician at Christian Medical College and Hospital (CMCH), also said the number of patients suffering viral fever has gone up. \"We get about 10 patients every day, which is much higher than other days. There is little that one can do to protect oneself from the fever but those with high immunity are able to resist any such infection,'' said Dr Lumba.General physician at Suman Hospital in Model Town, Dr Amit Modgil said about 15% more patients have been visiting him complaining of symptoms like viral fever.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12025724", "title": "Cops have doubts about boy's kidnapping tale", "text": "NAGPUR: Police are not entirely convinced by a 12-year-old boy's claim that he narrowly escaped a kidnapping attempt on Thursday evening. The boy was reunited with his family on Friday afternoon after spending the earlier night on the outskirts of the city with two villagers, who also dropped him home.Aniruddha Bhosale, a standard VII student, was missing since Thursday evening. His father, Prashant, a Congress district secretary, had claimed that it was a kidnapping when filing the missing complaint.Bhosale said that since Aniruddha had got a new bicycle, he was always excited to ride it. On Thursday, at around 5pm, Aniruddha was riding his bicycle near their residence on Manewada road.\"He wanted to go to his friend's house, but didn't know the address properly. His friend's mother's clinic was nearby, and he thought that he will ask the way to the mother,\" said Bhosale.However, Aniruddha could not find the clinic too, and was stopped by a youth with his face covered with a scarf on a bike. \"He asked me what I was looking for, and I told him about my friend's address. He said that he knew the address very well and asked me to follow him. He drove slowly on his bike and hence it was easy for me to follow him,\" said Aniruddha.Later, the boy stopped his bike in a deserted area near Chichbhavan. \"Since it was becoming dark, I asked him to tell me the way to my home instead. But he refused to say anything and fled away,\" said Aniruddha.The boy told the cops that since he was alone in the jungle, he first walked out of there and reached a village. There two villagers, Raju Bahod and Pramod Bawane, provided him shelter at their residence on Thursday night.Bhosale said that since it was late in the night and Aniruddha was scared, Bahod and Bawane did not question him much. On Friday morning, Aniruddha told the villagers his address and he was dropped home by them at around 12.30pm.Ajni police have so far only taken down the statements of Aniruddha and the two villagers. Police said that Aniruddha's story seems to have been cooked up and further investigations will reveal the true facts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12026035", "title": "Married woman gang-raped in Indore", "text": "INDORE: A 30-year-old woman was gang-raped by eight persons, including a cop at Anmol Dhaba on Wednesday night.It was the third incident of gang-rape, which was reported from Indore district in a week's time. In earlier two incidents, two girls were gang-raped in Betma and a deaf and dumb woman in Depalpur area. The victim was returning with her husband after a darshan in a temple when they were intercepted by unidentified persons on the pretext of checking, the police said.The victim said two men allegedly took them to the Anmol Dhaba between Dewas and Indore. The woman is a resident of Rushtam Ka Bagicha and her husband is electrician by profession. Talking to media, the woman said the accused kept her husband in captivity and raped her. Some eight persons, including a cop took turns to rape the woman. She alleged that her husband was forced to consume liquor.The shocked and traumatised victim and her husband reached the Lasudia police station and lodged a complaint on Friday.However, no FIR was registered till the filing of report. CSP Amrendra Singh said the woman was coming to Indore from Dewas when two persons took them to Anamol Dhaba where they allegedly raped her. Other employees of the dhaba took turns to rape the woman, the CSP said.The police have picked up a few persons from the dhaba and interrogating them.Talking to ToI, SSP A Sai Manohar said, \"We will ensure a quick inquiry and bring the culprits to book.\"Woman accuses neighbour of rapeA 20-year-oldmentally-challenged woman was allegedly raped by a neighbour around a week ago. The woman reported the matter to IG (Indore range) Anuradha Shankar. In her complaint, the woman told the police that Chand Khan raped her on February 18 when she was alone in her residence. He also threatened to kill her one year daughter, if she told about it to anyone. The scared woman told her sister about it when the latter came to meet her. Family members of the victim complained to IG the Khajarana police have not filed an FIR about the incident. The IG said the Khajarana police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12026287", "title": "Original landowner says BMC stonewalled queries", "text": "MUMBAI: Earlier this week, Byramjee Jeejeebhoy Pvt Ltd, the company which controls the family's few remaining tracts of land, wrote a strongly worded complaint to municipal commissioner Subodh Kumar about the misuse of the land (a 2.5-acre plot acquired by the BMC in 1984) that was meant for the public.The landowner filed a slew of Right to Information (RTI) applications to various BMC departments on the matter, but only received vague replies.The firm may now move court. \"We hope you will give your attention to this matter on a priority basis and see that the property acquired for a public purpose is not diverted for commercial purpose,\" says the letter to the BMC chief, a copy of which is with TOI. \"We as the owners of the land from whom the land was acquired expect that you will revert in the matter within a fortnight,\" says the letter.According to documents, the plot was acquired under the Land Acquisition Act after the BMC approved its acquisition for a playground in its meeting on August 7, 1980. The owner was paid around Rs 10 lakh and the land was taken over in 1984. Jeejeebhoy demanded that the compensation be enhanced and received another Rs 15 lakh in 2007. When the land was acquired there was no slum on it. However, over 150 encroachers who had laid stake to the land were paid compensation and removed.Sometime last year, when a senior official of Byramjee Jeejeebhoy was travelling on the Western Express Highway, he was shocked to see a large office building on the plot. \"A few months ago, we noticed that a commercial building of more than 10 storeys was under construction, besides some other construction on the rear of this building,\" says the letter to the civic chief. \"We inquired from the municipal corporation as to the present status of the acquired land in the Development Plan and we have officially been informed that it continues to be shown as playground in the Development Plan,'' adds the letter.The commercial building, called Ackruti Viva, is a project executed by the developer Hubtown (formerly known as Ackruti City ). Vimal Shah of Hubtown told TOI that the land was declared a slum in the mid-1990s and they commenced work on it soon after. \"Thirty-three per cent of the land has been reserved for a playground,\" he said, adding that the land was already encroached upon by slums when Byramjee Jeejeebhoy handed it over to the BMC. \"They (Jeejeebhoy) realized that this land had no market value because of the encroachments and hence served a purchase notice on the BMC,\" said Shah.Last August, Jeejeebhoy wrote to the BMC's executive engineer (DP) inquiring about the present occupation of the land. The executive engineer directed the firm to contact the K-East Ward's assistant engineer (maintenance). The assistant engineer in turn directed Jeejeebhoy to contact the K-East ward's project officer. The landowner then filed an appeal under the RTI Act to the deputy chief engineer II (DP), who referred the matter to the superintendent of gardens and assistant commissioner (estates). The superintendent of gardens asked Jeejeebhoy to contact the deputy superintendent of gardens (western suburbs). \"The horticultural assistant, K-East ward, and public information officer informed us to say that the information of the acquired land was not available in their offices,'' Jeejeebhoy complained in its letter to the civic chief.The landowner contacted several other civic departments, but received the same reply. \"All officers have been passing the buck to the other and nobody has given any specified information on the subject,\" said the letter.A decade ago, the NGO Citispace had asked the HC to order that the entire land meant for a public amenity be returned to citizens, not just 33% under the slum rehabilitation scheme. The court passed an order directing the SRA to obtain the court's permission before sanctioning any new slum rehabilitation scheme on spaces reserved for gardens, parks and playgrounds. \"It is explicit from this order that no rehabilitation or resale can take place on reserved gardens, parks, playgrounds, recreational spaces, no-development zones, pavements, etc,'' said Neera Punj of Citispace.Times ViewThe Jogeshwari plot is yet another example of an open space being gobbled up by 'development'. A city in which open spaces are continually encroached upon, legally or illegally, denies its citizens one of the basic requirements of good, healthy living. Mumbai's quality of life will continue to remain below par till our administrators and politicians understand what goes into the making of a great city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12026587", "title": "Good news for train passengers", "text": "BANGALORE: Here's some good news for passengers travelling from Bangalore to Nagercoil. Railway authorities have decided to add more stoppages for train No.16537/16538 Bangalore City-Nagercoil-Bangalore City Weekly Express on an experimental basis. The express will have temporary stoppage at Karur, Dindigul and Kovilpatti stations for 6 months from February 17 to August 18.A new train, train No. 22817/22818 Howrah-Mysore-Howrah Weekly Superfast Express, has been launched from February 19. Meanwhile, train No. 02817 Howrah-Mysore Special was introduced on February 22 along with train No.02818 Mysore-Howrah Special, which will depart from Mysore at 00.30 hrs.Regular services of these trains started on Friday but Express Mysore will have steady services from February 27. Train No. 22817 Howrah-Mysore Weekly Superfast Express leaves Howrah on Friday at 4.10pm and arrives at Bangalore City at 1.40am on Sunday. It will leave Bangalore station at 2am and reach Mysore at 5am on Sunday.Train No. 22818 Mysore-Howrah Weekly Superfast Express will depart from Mysore on Monday at 00.30am and arrive at Bangalore City at 3am on Monday. It will leave at 3.30am to reach Howrah on Tuesday at 2.50 pm.The train will run from Howrah via Kharagpur, Balasore, Bhadrak, Cuttack, Bhubaneswar, Khurda Road, Brahampur, Vizianagaram, Vishakapatnam, Rajamundry, Eluru, Vijayawada, Renigunta, Katpadi, Jolarpettai, Bangarpet, Krishnarajapuram and Bangalore City to reach Mysore.It will have a composition of 1 two-tier AC coach, 2 three-tier AC coaches, 7 three-tier second class sleeper coaches, 6 general second class coaches and 2 second class-cum-luggage vans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "12027631", "title": "Cops sit on rape complaint against forest official", "text": "MALDA: In almost a re-run of the Park Street rape case, where police initially refused to file the victim's complaint, a 47-year-old woman of Chamagram has accused the district administration of sitting on her rape complaint for over a month now. She alleged a forest official raped her and accused the police of refusing to file her complaint. The victim's kin also approached the police superintendent, but that too yielded no result. Finally, a complaint was lodged after the court intervened. However, neither any medical test was conducted nor has the accused been arrested though a month has passed since the incident took place.It is learnt that the victim, who helps her husband in his furniture business, came in touch of Jayanta Muhuri, a forest official posted in the same village. A year back, Muhuri was transferred as the beat officer of Chanchal but he kept contact with the victim's family. The victim's daughter, a Class-XI student, stays at a rented house andstudies in Chanchal. Few days back, when the victim and her husband went to Chanchal to meet their daughter, Muhuri lured her husband to fetch timber at a low cost from the forest and raped her. However, she could not protest fearing public scrutiny.The same incident recurred when she visited her daughter recently. This time, the victim raised an alarm and Muhuri was roughed up by the locals. Humayun Mia, the victim's lawyer, alleged, \"A complaint was lodged at Chanchal police station on January 20. But police did not take any action. Then on January 24, SP assured us of action when he was apprised of the incident. But nothing has been done despite his assurance.\"Finally, on January 27, a case was filed at the court of chief judicial magistrate and on the direction of the court, Chanchal police finally filed a case. But the investigation yielded nothing in the last one month\"There are discrepancies in the woman's statement. The house she lived in at Chanchal was a stone's throw from the police station. Yet she chose to file complaint through registered post. We have come to know that the relation between two families goes back long. It was more of cohabitation than rape. However,We have started the case following the court order but Muhuri is absconding,\" SP Jayanta Pal said. Malda DFO A K Dube said, \"I've heard that a case has been started against Muhuri. But he is on medical leave for a month.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12025968", "title": "Gali keeping track of Karnataka politics", "text": "HYDERABAD: Though he is in the Chanchalguda central prison, miles away from his home state, Gali Janardhan Reddy is said to be keeping his ears to the ground about the goings on in Karnataka.Keeping him abreast of the developments back home is his trusted lieutenant and Karnataka MLA B Sreeramulu who often visits Gali in the jail. Sreeramulu came here on Friday ostensibly to apprise Gali of the latest developments that could have political implications.The mining baron has been cooling his heels in the jail for nearly six months after CBI arrested him for his alleged involvement in the Obulapuram Mining Corporation ( OMC ) scam.\"We are watching the developments in the Karnataka BJP and former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa's moves to secure some big post in the party,\" Sreeramulu told TOI after a meeting with Gali Janardhan Reddy in the prison. Sreeramulu's latest visit acquires significance as Karnataka BJP is seeing frenetic activity with Yeddyurappa staking claim to top positions either in the party or government, claiming the support of nearly 70 MLAs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12027149", "title": "Literary meet to remember Azhikode", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Writers should uphold enlightened ideas to protect social justice, said M Mukundan, noted Malayalam writer while addressing a literary meet organized as part of the Malabar Mahotsavam here on Friday.The meet was organized to pay tribute to late critic and orator Sukumar Azhikode.Mukundan urged the writers to develop independent ideas keeping aside affinity and affiliation to any political party. Azhikode dared to express his views without bothering the restrictions, recalled the author of 'Mayyazhippuzhayude Theerangalil'.\"In the beginning of my literary life I opposed speeches and orators. It was Azhikode who inspired me to love speeches,\" said Mukundan.\"In order to cherish the memories of the great orator and for paying tribute to him, we should organize lectures by inviting eminent personalities, including Nobel prize winners,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12027338", "title": "\u2018Porngate a shame, tackling UPA easier\u2019", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka unit of the BJP has become a headache of sorts for the central leadership of the party. State BJP leaders virtually scooted for cover, when faced with the BJP national president Nitin Gadkari's ire over the state of affairs in the party unit.\"Tackling the UPA is easier than the crises in the Karnataka BJP unit,\" an exasperated Gadkari reportedly told state BJP chief K S Eshwarappa and chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda , when they met him at a hotel on Thursday night.Porngate, the BJP's latest tryst with controversy where three of its ministers were allegedly caught watching porn clips on mobile phones on the floor of the assembly, has rankled the national leadership.Gadkari is believed to have given a piece of his mind to a delegation of leaders - Jagadish Shettar, R Ashoka, Basavaraj Bommai, Murugesh R Nirani, P C Mohan, Prabhakar B Kore and Aravind Limbavali. He said: \"We have been shamed by this episode. None of us could react. We kept quiet as we had no defence.\" Gadkari expressed his unhappiness at the acts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12005643", "title": "Katrina, Deepika fight over Rajinikanth", "text": "While Deepika may have burnt some bridges accepting Rajinikanth's Kochadaiyaan and walking out of Ramesh Taurani's 'Race 2', it's Katrina Kaif who seems to be having the last laugh!Apparently, people close to her insist that it was she who was first offered the part opposite Rajinikanth by Soundarya in the film. It's only when she couldn't do it due to prior commitmments that the movie was offered to Deepika, who lapped up the opportunity with both her hands.It is being said that Katrina couldn't do the film because she had already allotted dates to a Shah Rukh Khan film. On the other hand, sources close to Deepika express that it was Deepika who was always the first choice. The actress was to star in Rajinikanth starrer Rana. When that didn't take off, she was immediately offered the much in the offing Kochadaiyaan.This has only accentuated the war between these Bollywood beauties. Deepika Padukone is known to have split with Ranbir Kapoor because of his closeness to Katrina Kaif. Talks have it that the Kapoor boy seems to have mended his relations with both his co-stars, who are now fighting over who was Rajni's first choice.Well, guess neither have nothing to lose what with an SRK film for Kat and a Rajni-starrer for Deepika. This is what we call a win-win situation!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12028131", "title": "New chief after UP polls", "text": "MUMBAI: Besides a new president for the Mumbai Regional Congress Committee (MRCC), the party's high command in Delhi may also consider revamping the Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee, a senior Congress leader has told TOI. The Congress leader said that the high command will review the outcome of the zilla parishad and municipal corporation polls in Maharashtra after the Uttar Pradesh polls. \"Our performance was dismal. Senior leaders have been told to submit reasons for the poor performance,\" he said. After the unceremonious exit of the city Congress president, Kripashankar Singh, the high command will decide on his successor only after the crucial polls to the UP assembly. \"Singh's resignation has been accepted , but the high command is in no hurry to appoint his successor,\" said the Congress leader. In the wake of the Bombay high court's stringent observations against Singh, the high command accepted his resignation on Wednesday. Singh claimed that he submitted the resignation immediately after the Congress's debacle in the Mumbai civic polls.The Congress leader added that more than half-adozen party leaders are in the race for the Mumbai chief 's post. Prominent among them are Singh's predecessor Gurudas Kamat, MPs Sanjay Nirupam, Priya Dutt and Eknath Gaikwad, labour leader Bhai Jagtap and former minister Chandrakant Handore.\"Many senior leaders are in the race, but the high command will have to decide on whether it is keen to appoint a Marathi, north Indian or dalit leader to lead the party in Mumbai ahead of the 2014 assembly and Lok Sabha polls,\" he said.If it decides to appoint a Hindi-speaking leader, then Nirupam and Priya are the top contenders. If a dalit is the choice , then Gaikwad and Handore are in the fray. If a non-dalit leader is nominated , it could be Jagtap.The leader said if Congress president Sonia Gandhi is keen on a woman, Varsha Gaikwad, state minister for women and child welfare, and Priya will be in the fray.Ulhasnagar Cong chief in trouble tooAfter Mumbai Congress president Kripashankar Singh, it looks like Jayram Lulla, his Ulhasnagar counterpart, may be in trouble. Dr Jetha Somai, who had filed an extortion case against Lulla, his five family members and two policemen three months back, have on Tuesday approached the state director-general of police demanding their immediate arrest, or else he has threatened to stage an indefinite hunger strike outside the DGP's office on March 21. Somai accused the police of favoring Lulla and the other accused. He said the police took five years of investigation to file a case against Lulla and others, and more than three months have passed after the filing of an FIR, but they are under pressure as the accused is from the Congress and two of the accused are police personnel. He alleged that Lulla and his relatives, including the policemen, demanded Rs1 crore as extortion money to settle an old dispute with his brother Manohar Somai in 2006. Somai said he had to pay Rs50 lakh after pressure from the police. But they continued creating problems for Somai. Lulla said the FIR was politically motivated.-Pradeep GuptaIn The RaceGurudas Kamat Sanjay Nirupam Priya Dutt Eknath Gaikwad Varsha Gaikwad Bhai Jagtap Chandrakant Handore", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12026939", "title": "Kerala State Housing Board wants to play mosquito killer", "text": "KOCHI: In a bid to help the city tackle mosquito menace, the Kerala State Housing Board (KSHB) has submitted a proposal to Kochi Corporation to carry out aerial spraying. The proposal entails spraying insecticides and larvicide in the city's marshlands and adjoining panchayats.Sheena Nancy, KSHB executive engineer, said the swamps in Vypeen, Vallarpadam and Fort Kochi were the city's major mosquito breeding grounds.Hence, merely fogging and spraying city drains and canals will not be enough to contain the menace. \"It is in this context that the board submitted the proposal before the corporation. Spraying of insecticides and larvicide has to be done periodically. A committee consisting of district medical officer and district collector should decide on the chemical to be used for spraying,\" said a senior official.\"We have received the proposal. We will announce our decision after the Piravom bypoll,\" said T K Ashraf, chairman, health standing committee. He, however, added that helicopters would be used for aerial fogging.Earlier, corporation held discussions with the Plantation Corporation of India regarding technical aspects as well as procedures to be followed while carrying out such a programme.The local body had also decided to seek the assistance of the Vector Control Research Centre (VCRC) in deciding on the chemicals to be used for aerial spraying. Dubai Ports World (DP World) and Petronet LNG have already agreed to provide financial assistance for the project.\"Despite preparations, we couldn't go ahead with the project. Though a meeting was to be held with the panchayat presidents of Vypeen and Puthuvypu along with officials representing DP World and Petronet LNG on February 22, it had to be called off as the code of conduct (poll) came into force,\" added Asharaf.In a bid to save the city from mosquito menace, the Kerala State Housing Board has submitted a proposal before Kochi Corporation to carry out aerial spraying. The housing board has proposed to spray insecticides and larvicide in marshlands in the city and in adjoining panchayats.Speaking on the proposed project, executive engineer, Sheena Nancy said that the process of fogging and spraying in drains and canals will not solve the issue of mosquito menace. The swamps in Vypeen, Vallarpadam and Fort Kochi are the major breeding grounds and it is almost impossible to enter these regions physically and destroy mosquito larva.\"In this context the board has submitted a proposal before the Corporation. Periodical spraying of insecticides and larvicide have to be done. A committee consisting of the district medical officer and district collector should decide on the chemical that has to be used for spraying,\" said a senior official.The Corporation also confirmed the proposal submitted by the housing board. \"Though we received the proposal, we will announce our decision after the Piravom bypolls,\" said health standing committee, chairman, T K Asharaf. He said that helicopters would be used for carrying out aerial fogging. The Dubai Ports World (DP World) and Petronet LNG had agreed to provide financial assistance for the project.Earlier the Kochi Corporation had held discussions with the Plantation Corporation of India regarding technical aspects and the procedures to be followed while carrying out such a programme. The local body also took a decision to seek assistance of Vector control research centre (VCRC) in deciding the chemical that would be used for aerial spraying. It was also decided to hire helicopters for the purpose.\"Despite the preparations we couldn't go ahead with the project. Though it was scheduled to hold a meeting on February 22 with the panchayat presidents from Vypeen and Puthuvypu along with officials representing DP World and Petronet LNG it had to be called off as the code of conduct was put into force as part of the bypolls,\" added Asharaf.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "sydney", "code": "12027749", "title": "Problem teenagers bashing up parents, says study", "text": "SYDNEY: Domestic violence has got a little bit nastier with a growing number of problem teens abusing and bashing up their parents, a study reveals.Flinders University law lecturer Mary McKenna said her doctoral studies have found more young people taking their problems out on their parents.\"One of the other big problems we know is that parents are absolutely loath to report violence to police because they're concerned it's going to impact their child's future,\" said McKenna.\"There is often a lot of guilt and shame around the issue, and parents don't like to admit they're having trouble at home so consequently it remains hidden,\" she said.According to McKenna, 12 to 16-year-old boys were generally the main perpetrators of violence, usually toward their mothers, and the problem was just as common among two-parent, middle income households as it was in low socio-economic areas.\"Reasons for the abuse included a combination of drug and alcohol problems, mental health issues and an \"inflated sense of entitlement\",\" she said, according to a university statement.McKenna said the project comes as a direct result of a 2010 study, \"Exposing the Dark Side of Parenting\", for greater community awareness and support.\"In many cases, parents were saying that when they sought help, they didn't get the support they needed,\" said McKenna, who also coauthored the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "balangir", "code": "12026632", "title": "Maoist 'kills' daughter after threats", "text": "BALANGIR: A woman had to pay with her life for being the daughter of a Maoist. Twenty-five-year-old Rita Das was found dead near the weekly market at Sunabeda in Nuapada district on Friday. Locals suspected that the murder was engineered by her father Subal Das, who was aggrieved over his daughter threatening him against his extremist activities. It is suspected that he got her killed with the help of some Maoists.Nuapada SP Umashankar Das said: \"We are yet to ascertain the reason behind the killing but we know that she is the daughter of Subal Das, who is a Maoist.\"He said police needed more information to ascertain if Subal was involved in his daughter's killing. He informed that Subal was seen in the village on Friday. The eyewitnesses said there was gun shot on the forehead of the deceased. Sources revealed that she was missing since February 21. The Maoist had reportedly kidnapped her.Rita, who became a widow after two years of marriage, was working in a dispensary in Sunabeda sanctuary. She had no children. Her father, who is believed to have been attracted by Maoist ideology four years ago, deserted her. Sources said it was because of her daughter that Subal was feeling frightened whenever he came out of the forest.A villager said Rita had once tried to get her father nabbed by police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12027175", "title": "Glaucoma unit opened at ECR hospital", "text": "PATNA: East Central Railway (ECR) GM Varun Bharthuar and ECR Women Welfare Organization (WWO) president Anita Bharthuar jointly inaugurated a glaucoma unit at the ECR super specialty hospital located at Karbighaiya end here on Wednesday.The equipment for this unit was donated to the hospital by the WWO to cater to the needs of patients undergoing treatment at the hospital. While the ECR GM lauded the WWO for donating several equipment to the hospital as a part of its welfare work, its president said that the WWO is fully committed to do welfare work, particularly in the health sector, to benefit needy railway employees and their family members.The WWO president said that the organization had earlier donated to the hospital all the equipment required for treating outdoor patients.\"The ECR WWO would continue to carry out charitable work in the field of health and education,\" she said. Important WWO members present on the occasion included Vinita Singh, Mamta Kumar, Mamata Singh, Indu Chandra and Nalini Chhabra. Hospital director Dr P S Prasad extended a vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12026233", "title": "Now, a green revolution in the east", "text": "NEW DELHI: The eastern region of the country, which occasionally hits the headlines for starvation deaths, has turned into a food surplus zone thanks to a special programme launched last year to boost productivity in the area.The government said on Friday that \"bringing green revolution in eastern India programme (BGREI)\", launched in 2010-11, has resulted in a robust increase in foodgrains production. Rice production from the region is estimated at 562.6 lakh tones, an increase of 19.8% over last year. The increase across the country is estimated at 7%. Overall foodgrain production from the region is estimated at 1,032 lakh tonnes, an increase of 11.9% against an all India increase of 2.2%, an official statement said.This is good news for policymakers who have been battling stubbornly high food inflation for nearly two years. Food inflation has turned negative after hovering near double-digits while vegetable prices have fallen consistently for the past few months. The improvement in supply is expected to ease the pressure on the food inflation front.The programme launched in 2010-11 was an initiative taken by the prime minster based on the Inter Ministerial Task Force. The BGREI is a part of the Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojna (RKVYJ ) programme with an outlay of Rs 400 crore. This scheme was implemented in the eastern region including Assam, Bihar, Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, Odisha, eastern Uttar Pradesh and West Bengal.The programme gained momentum in 2011-12 with the focus on rice and wheat and strategic interventions relating to crop production, water harvesting and recycling, asset building and site specific activities needed for improving the agronomy-adopting cluster approach aimed at enhancing the productivity per unit area and the income of the farmers, the statement said.According to the government, the increased production was due to focused resource allocation and utilization. The significant increase in production of foodgrains in the region not only offset the decline in production in central and peninsular India but also contributed significantly to the highest ever production of foodgrains.The growth in foodgrains, rice and wheat, provides an opportunity to procure and create foodgrain reserves locally, reducing the pressure on Punjab and Haryana, and cutting costs on transport and other logistics, the government said.It said the focus will now be to consolidate the gains with continued emphasis during the 12th five year plan which begins in April. Further steps would be taken to improve the infrastructure for procurement and storage of the produce and to ensure a reasonable price for the farmers, the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12028151", "title": "Man found murdered", "text": "KANPUR: In a suspected case of murder, a tempo driver was allegedly stoned to death by some unknown persons under the Chakeri police station here late on Thursday night. The reason for the murder is yet to be ascertained.There were deep wounds, probably caused by some heavy object, on deceased's skull and face. On Friday, the victim's family members identified the body found in a parked tempo near Hari Masjid, Taadbagiya, in Jajmau on Thursday as that of 45-year-old Sunil Kumar, son of Gauri Shanker Dhanuk, a resident of Steam Loco-Shed area in Railbazar.Police have detained three suspects, including a man identified as, Rama, and are interrogating them for leads. Some miscreants attacked Sunil on his head with a stone that was later recovered from the plot. The victim is married and had four children and it is suspected that he had an illicit relationship with a local woman which could be the reason behind the murder, the police said.The body has been sent for post-mortem. Sunil was found missing from his house a day before the incident. Chakeri police have lodged an FIR under Section 302 of IPC against unknown persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12026167", "title": "Why isn't payout for domestic, international flyers same? ask kin", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nine months after Rahul Raj was killed in an air ambulance crash over Faridabad, his father on Friday moved the Supreme Court questioning the lopsided compensation regime - Rs 7.5 lakh for domestic air travellers and Rs 75 lakh to the kin of international air passengers.A bench of Dalveer Bhandari and Dipak Misra issued notices to the Union government, Indraprastha Apollo Hospital and Air Charter Services Private Ltd on a petition by Rahul's father after hearing brief arguments from counsel Arun Kumar Sinha.Rahul, the petitioner's 17-year-old only son, was suffering from jaundice and had slipped into coma during his treatment in Patna. The petitioner contacted Apollo Hospital, Delhi for medical assistance and was advised to airlift the patient on an air ambulance.The petitioner took the advice and deposited Rs 4.25 lakh in the hospital's account on May 25 last year. Apollo Hospital made arrangements with Air Charter Services Pvt Ltd and a single engine turboprop PC-12 aircraft was sent as air ambulance. Rahul and his cousin boarded the air ambulance in Patna , which took off despite strong winds.\"Unfortunately, for reasons being under investigation, the air ambulance crashed at Faridabad around 10.45 pm killing all the passengers on board,\" the petitioner said. He said Apollo Hospital in June expressed grief and offered to return the Rs 4.25 lakh deposited with them.But the petitioner decided to move the apex court through a writ petition questioning the government's compensation policy discriminating between passengers travelling on domestic air carriers and international carriers.\"Under the government notification, domestic passengers are only entitled for compensation to the tune of Rs 7,50,000 whereas under similar circumstances, an international passenger is entitled for approximately Rs 75,00,000,\" he said.The petitioner said, \"Such a low amount fixed by the central government to be paid to domestic passengers is a clear case of inequality and the central government's decision to fix such a low compensation for domestic passengers is arbitrary, contrary to law and legislative intent and is liable to be struck down.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12027356", "title": "Resolve French turban ban before the issue turns ugly, minorities' commission tells PM", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Given the aggressive posturing of some Sikh organizations, including the Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee (SGPC), in light of the latest defence deal of India with French government for 125 aircraft, the National Commission for Minorities (NCM) has asked Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to once again take up the turban issue \"emphatically\" with France.NCM member H S Hanspal, referring to the messages that he was receiving from various Sikh groups, urged the PM to resolve the issue with the French government saying this was just the \"right time\" to do so because of the Rs 90,000 crore defence deal to buy 126 advanced combat aircraft that the two countries had entered into.Adding a note of caution in his February 22 letter, Hanspal asked the PM to give priority to the matter \"before it gains momentum and takes an ugly turn. The government of India may assert for the issue of turban more emphatically with the French government,\" he wrote.This comes in the wake of demands made by Sikh organizations like Kendriya Singh Sabha, besides the SGPC that India should scrap the deal in view of the turban ban. United Sikh's India representative Gurpreet Singh said, \"How can the country led by a Sikh PM continue to sign such deals with France where the religious rights of his own community are being challenged every day.\"Telling the PM, \"the NRIs look to you as saviour of their religious rights,\" Hanspal added that the Akal Takht jathedar \"had already taken up the matter seriously and appealed to the Sikh masses across the globe to intensify their struggle and build pressure groups on their respective countries to restore turban pride.\"The communication to the PM also mentioned a recent development in which the United National Human Right Committee (UNHRC) had already held that France had violated the religious freedom of a Sikh by asking him to remove his turban for an ID photograph, Hanspal told the PM that France was expected to submit its reply on March 15, to UNHCR query about what it had done to check the violation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12026314", "title": "Driving home a cause", "text": "MUMBAI: The day to celebrate women empowerment is finally here. Come Sunday, 2,000 women will drive to Lavasa and spre-ad awareness on various issues.After five hours of an exciting drive, participants will reach Lavasa where a host of activities and games have been planned.Bollywood actor and Indian Idol winner, Meiyang Chang is all set to enthrall the participants with his live performance at Lavasa. Anuradha Paraskar, vice president, Lavasa Corporation Limited said, \"We are overwhelmed by the response to the Lavasa Women's Drive from Mumbai and Pune. We wish all the participants good luck for the drive on Sunday. We look forward to welcoming everyone at the Lavasa lakeside promenade where dance, music and tons of fun filled activities have been planned.\"Women from all over Mumbai are excited to be a part of this drive which also serves as a platform to disseminate social messages. Many NGOS like Cancer Patients Aid Association, Anuthi Welfare Society, Mehek, Kasturi Foundation, Narmada Kidney Foundation, Women For Good Governance, Learning Space and Hi-five are participating in this drive to promote their cause.This drive is a joint initiative of Bombay Times and Lavasa Corporation Ltd. MSD is the Associate Sponsor. MAK Lubricants and Grabthebrand.com are the co-sponsors. Dove is the hair care partner. This drive is supported by Women's Cancer Initiative Tata Memorial Hospital and conducted by Western India Automobile Association. This is an initiative of the Times Red Cell.Many NGOS like Cancer Patients Aid Association, Anuthi Welfare Society, Mehek, Kasturi Foundation and Narmada Kidney Foundation are participating", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12027056", "title": "Relief for senior cop as HC closes asset inquiry case", "text": "CHENNAI: Inspector-general of police A K Viswanathan is now in the clear. The Madras high court has closed a case relating to a Directorate of Vigilance and Anti-Corruption (DVAC) inquiry against him. A division bench of Justices Elipe Dharma Rao and N Kirubakaran passed orders on the matter.The case relates to a writ petition filed by Viswanathan in August 2009 seeking to restrain the DVAC from conducting the inquiry. A committee constituted by the government consisting of the chief secretary, home secretary and vigilance commissioner had ordered an inquiry against Viswanathan based on preliminary reports that alleged he had accumulated assets disproportionate to his known sources of income.In his petition, Viswanathan claimed he knew about the inquiry only through the newspapers and that he was being targeted by some senior officers for having spoken out against the February 19, 2009 police-lawyer clash on the high court campus.His petition was dismissed on July 12, 2010 with Justice V Dhanapalan observing, \"When a competent authority is inquiring into the matter and in the absence of any incompetency, this court cannot interfere in the matter.\" The power was exercised by the authority in accordance with law and the provisions of the DVAC manual, the judge said and permitted the DVAC to continue its inquiry. Hence, the present appeal.After the inquiry was completed, a report filed by the DVAC on November 21, 2011 said the allegations against Viswanathan were \"not substantiated\" and recommended that further action against Vishwanathan be dropped. In his letter dated December 30, 2011 to the home secretary (prohibition and excise) department, chief vigilance commissioner Debendranath Sarangi said the allegations related to the acquisition of 500 acres of land in Kallaikudi village, Madurai district in the names of a few companies in which Viswanathan's brother, sister-in-law and other 'benamis' were direct stakeholders.Along with this, N Stephen Jesupadam, deputy superintendent of police (DSP), DVAC, Chennai city, filed an affidavit saying the allegations were not substantiated and recommended to the vigilance commissioner to drop further action against the appellant.In view of the submission made by the government advocate, the recording of the letter from the chief vigilance commissioner dated December 30, 2011 and the affidavit filed by the DSP (DVAC), the bench declared the appeal closed and noted that no further orders on the matter were necessary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12028041", "title": "Don't vote for Cong: ST body", "text": "MARGAO: Expressing their displeasure with the way the state government had ignored their demands for the implementation of the ST bill in Goa, the Goa State Scheduled Tribes Action Committee (GSSTAC) appealed for all ST people should stay united and not vote for the Congress party.While addressing mediapersons on Thursday, Antonio Gaonkar, GSSTAC convenor blamed the Congress government for not taking cognizance of the rights of the tribal communities.While he did not appeal to the community to vote for any other party or candidates, Gaonkar came down heavily on the Congress party both at the state and central level and said that despite several requests by different ST organization that provided them all the facts, the ST bill was not implemented.\"The ST bill was passed in the year 2003 during the BJP government under the leadership of Manohar Parrikar but till date the tribal people are still waiting to get its benefits,\" said Gaonkar, adding that the living conditions of the people are so pathetic that they are on the verge of committing suicide. Responding to queries, Gaonkar said that he would decide after the elections on what course of action the GSSTAC would take depending on the circumstances then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12027082", "title": "High-speed vessel joins Coast Guard fleet", "text": "CHENNAI: A high-speed inshore patrol vessel, Rajshree, was added to the Coast Guard's Eastern fleet on Friday. The first in a series of indigenously-built craft, it will start patrolling the eastern seas with five senior officers and 34 enrolled cadets this week.The newly commissioned vessel was welcomed by S P Sharma, commander, Coast Guard Eastern region at the Chennai port. The ship, which displaces 300 tonnes and is 48 m long, was built by Garden Reach Ship Builders and Engineers (GRSE), Kolkata.The ship can generate 320 KW of electric power to feed a wide array of high-tech sensors, two high speed boats and a water scooter.It will be used for coastal surveillance, maritime search and rescue operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12025295", "title": "ISRO top scientist quits in Madhavan Nair's support", "text": "BANGALORE: Prof Roddam Narasimha, the first and the longest-serving member of the Space Commission, announced his resignation on Friday, saying the action taken against top Isro scientists had demoralized the country's scientific community.Officials said Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had received his resignation, but had rejected his request to be relieved from membership of the commission.Narasimha, who has spent 20 years with the Space Commission-the oversight and policy-making body for all space programmes and deals-said he had decided to give up the membership also because while acting against former Isro chief G Madhavan Nair and three other scientists, the space agency's remarkable achievements had been ignored, especially in the context where no wrong had been committed in connection with spectrum allocation in the Antrix-Devas agreement, barring procedural lapses.Friday's developments indicate that the views on the Antrix-Devas deal strongly differ between the government and the country's scientific community. Nair and the other scientists were barred from holding any government posts for their alleged role in the deal after a probe led by a former CVC found that bandwidth required for Devas was sold cheap by Antrix.Nair said Narasimha's departure would be a great loss. \"There are very few people in the country who grasp aerospace like he does. He has been in India's aerospace development right from the beginning of Isro's first launch vehicle to heading NAL (National Aerospace Laboratories) to working on the Light Combat Aircraft and the regional jet.\"Minister of state in the PMO V Narayanaswamy urged Narasimha to reconsider his decision. \"We hold the scientists of this country in the highest esteem,\" he said.Narasimha's decision comes after scientists around the country led by Prof C N R Rao, chairman of the scientific advisory council to the PM, publicly criticized the penal action against the four scientists as highly demoralizing, especially when the achievements of Isro and Nair, the Moon Man of India, had been praised by scientists worldwide.In a media statement on Friday, Narasimha, who was part of the PM's panel which also investigated the agreement, said, \"In connection with the reports that have appeared in the media today, I wish to clarify that I have requested the PM to permit me to relinquish my membership of the Space Commission.\"He said there were two reasons for his decision. \"First, I consider that the actions taken recently against certain Isro scientists in connection with the Antrix-Devas agreements could demoralize the Isro scientific community, and adversely affect its ability to take the kind of technological initiatives-not always without risk-that are the hallmark of an innovative organization.\" Narasimha, who has a PhD from California Institute of Technology and has taught at the Indian Institute of Science (IISc) for decades, said most Isro scientists had committed their professional lives to build India's space programme from the scratch and in the face of stiff technological challenges. \"Their achievements have brought great credit to the country, and their occasional failures have served only to strengthen their resolve to pursue even more ambitious goals.\"Narasimha said there had been lapses. \"These have been identified in detail in the report of Mr Chaturvedi and myself. The report found no evidence of short-charging on the spectrum, but recommended various reforms that were needed in our opinion to ensure that the identified lapses would not recur in future. These reforms have also included some concerning the Space Commission.\" He said the second reason he was quitting was that he didn't want to be part of the commission when reforms needed to ensure such lapses didn't occur again were made. \"The Prime Minister has not (as of now) accepted my request.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12026162", "title": "Gymkhana to pay zrs 25L to member's widow", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Promotional brochure of a club in Surat has helped a widow win compensation of Rs 25 lakhs from a consumer court. Her husband had fainted on the club's premises and later died in 2005.When Tarun Sharma took life time membership of Surat City Gymkhana, his wife chose to preserve its brochure. It stated that the gymkhana had trained instructors and staff and was equipped with emergency medical treatment facilities for the members.One morning in May 2005, 36-year-old Sharma went to the gymkhana for a walk. He did cycling and then started walking. After a few minutes he fainted during his walk on the club premises. Sharma was taken to a hospital but his condition deteriorated and he died.Sharma's wife Amrita Sharma and her two minor daughters jointly filed a complaint in a consumer court against the Gymkhana alleging that the latter had failed to provide the promised facilities because of which Sharma lost his life.The complainants alleged that Sharma lay there unconscious for one and half hour. Some members of the club, on finding him lying unconscious, took him to the hospital. The doctors said the patient had not been given treatment in time. Sharma passed away in the hospital a day later. The hospital issued a written statement in which it said the patients' arrival at the hospital was delayed due to which his condition deteriorated beyond a recoverable stage.Gujarat State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission on February 20 ordered the Gymkhana to give the complainants an amount of Rs 18 lakh with 5 per cent interest from the day Sharma passed away. The total compensation amounts to Rs 25.5 lakh.Complainants' lawyer Himanshu Thakker said, \"This was a clear case of improper service and carelessness. The brochure saved by Sharma's wife had helped her cause a great deal during the argument. It is a landmark judgment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12026971", "title": "Markandey Katju mantra for prosperity", "text": "PATNA: Press Council of India's chairman Justice (retd) Markandey Katju listed four 'mantras' for a less painful transition from a feudal agricultural society to a modern industrial society, currently going on in the country. They are: science, democracy, livelihood and people's unity.Speaking as the chief guest at a seminar organized by the journalism and mass media section of Patna University's Hindi department, Justice Katju said intellectuals have a crucial role to play in showing the right path to the country. \"India is facing a difficult situation. Over 80% people live in abject poverty; unemployment and inflation are high and primary education and healthcare facilities are in bad shape,\" he said.This, he said, was not unusual. Even Europe witnessed a transition period full of turbulence, chaos and intellectual ferment since Industrial Revolution in the 18th century, and thinkers like Voltaire , Rousseau etc played a key role in lessening the pain of transition. Modern industrial economy has made it possible for a large number of people to enjoy quality life unlike the feudal society where only a few could be prosperous, he said.Dwelling on the first of the four 'people's principles', he said India needed a scientific outlook - a rational, logical and questioning mind. But, about 90% people - even educated ones - are swayed by caste and astrology, which have no scientific basis. India was once highly developed in science: in Indus civilization about 5,000 years ago, the concept of town planning existed; decimal system was given to the world and plastic surgery discovered about 2,500 years ago, he said and added gradually India lost its way.On the issue of democracy, he said we ought to have more of it. There are curbs on the free play of democracy in different parts of the country.The situation is grim on the livelihood front also. \"About 47% children are malnourished and 47 farmers, on an average, are committing suicide daily for the past 15 years, due to distress.\"Speaking about people's unity, Justice Katju said secularism - equal respect to all religions - and dismantling of caste structure were keys to people's unity. But vested interests are promoting communal outlook and caste system to serve their narrow interests. He lamented people were being fed on the \"four opiums\" of religion, Hindi films, cricket and electronic media to divert their attention from real issues.He said the Press Council of India would soon send a fact-finding team to Bihar to ascertain whether the present state government headed by Nitish Kumar was trying to gag the press and curb the freedom of expression.Governor Devanand Konwar delivered the inaugural address while PU VC presided. PU's Hindi department head Amar Kumar Singh welcomed the guests while Press Council member Rajiv Ranjan Nag also spoke on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12026541", "title": "NHRC notice to Tamil Nadu on encounter killing of bank robbers", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Human Rights Commission on Friday issued notice to Tamil Nadu authorities on the killing of five alleged bank robbers in Chennai on Wednesday.In a statement, the NHRC said, \"The National Human Rights Commission has issued notices to the director general police, Tamil Nadu, district magistrate and senior superintendent of police, Chennai to investigate the alleged death of five suspects in a police encounter in Chennai on Wednesday, the 22nd February, 2012, midnight.\"The NHRC said it was acting on a \"complaint based on media reports\". The commission has \"directed them to respond to its notice within eight weeks along with the magisterial enquiry report, post-mortem report and independent investigation report into the incident as per the guidelines of the commission\".According to Chennai police, the five men killed in the encounter were behind two bank robberies in the city in recent times. The police said they were tipped off by a person who had recognized one of the suspects, based on a photo circulated by the city police. A 14-member police team surrounded an apartment in Velachery where the five were residing, and an encounter allegedly took place, according to the police.Of the five killed -- Vinod Kumar, Chandrika Ray, Vinay Prasad, Abhay Kumar and Harish Kumar -- four were from Bihar and one from West Bengal.Meanwhile, Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar has demanded an inquiry into the incident. \"I have spoken to the Tamil Nadu government. I have asked the government to inquire about the identity of those killed,\" Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12027587", "title": "2 held for Rs 33 lakh diamond heist", "text": "KOLKATA: The detective department arrested two persons on Friday in connection with a jewellery heist earlier this month.Diamond-studded ornaments worth Rs 33 lakh were stolen from a shop on Hariram Goenka Street in Posta. The owner, Ajay Palsani, filed an FIR naming one of his employees Sandeep Rai as a suspect. He said that Sandeep, who is from Azamgarh in Uttar Pradesh, had not reported for work since the day he questioned him about the theft. Police are still looking for Sandeep but they did manage to track down two persons - Ganesh Jain and Raju Singh - who had allegedly bought some of the stolen goods. Investigators recovered 300 grams of stolen ornaments from duo. .In a similar case, a shop employee and an accomplice have been arrested for the theft of Rs 16 lakh from an electronic goods shop at Phoolbagan.On January 27 the shop owner lodged a complaint with police that burglars had broken in and stolen the money. Police began by questioning the employees. One of them, Sandip Dey, broke down and confessed that he kept an aide, Kanai Pramanik, in the shop when he locked up for the night. At night Kanai stole the money and threw it out to Dey from the toilet window. The next morning, when the burglary was spotted, Sanjib took advantage of the chaos to smuggle Kanai out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12030636", "title": "Sshivada goes back in time", "text": "Director Krishna has roped in Aari and Sshivada for his next film.\"In both my films - Sillunu Oru Kadhal and the yetto-release Yen Ippadi Mayakkinai - the heroines have important roles to play. Similarly, in my third film, Sshivada (who was introduced to the industry by Fazil) has a meaty part. Though she plays a girl who runs a dhaba in south Tamil Nadu, her character has much more to it. In fact, both Aari and Sshivada are attending workshops to understand their characters,\" he says.Krishna adds that the script is based on a real life incident that took place in the 80s.\"We will start shooting from March in Mysore, Theni and in and around Salem. The film, for which Sathya will score the music, is not titled yet. We are looking for an apt name that will convey both romance and action,\" he informs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12025965", "title": "CM ticks off Naidu, defends Mopidevi", "text": "HYDERABAD: Claiming that his government was honest, transparent and working for public welfare, chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy on Friday assured the Assembly that firm action would be taken against individuals, irrespective of their party affiliations, found guilty in the liquor scam.Responding to a host of allegations by opposition parties on the way the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) was conducting the liquor syndicate probe, Reddy said the ACB was carrying out the investigation in a \"free and fair manner.\"Turning tables on the opposition leader N Chandrababu Naidu, who had insisted for the immediate dismissal of excise minister Mopidevi Venkata Ramana Rao, the CM asked Naidu as to why he did not resign as chief minister in 2003 when the ACB court registered a case against him and ordered an enquiry in connection with an excise matter. \"If you are insisting for the resignation of the excise minister based on the confessional statement of a TDP activist with doubtful credentials, you owe an explanation to the people of the state as to why you did not resign to prove your innocence. In this case, the minister is not even an accused\", Reddy asserted.The nearly eight-and-a-half hour discussion saw a heated debate between the treasury and the opposition benches with Kiran Kumar Reddy and his cabinet colleagues getting involved in repeated verbal duels with Naidu and his team.Defending the excise minister strongly, the CM urged opposition members not to 'demoralize' ACB officials and make sweeping allegations based on the reports published in a section of the media. The minister on his part gave a detailed clarification to the doubts raised by the opposition. The House was informed that all entries that were made in the account books were analyzed and the scrutiny reports prepared. The entire material was submitted to the special court of ACB.Making a statement in the House on behalf of the chief minister on the surprise raids conducted by the ACB on the liquor syndicate, minister Kanna Lakshminarayana said the raids had revealed that licensed owners of wine shops and bars across the state formed syndicates to run the liquor business. \"The sole aim of these syndicates was to make profits by selling liquor at rates over and above MRP. Scrutiny of the records revealed that the leader of the syndicates collects money from its members and ensures payment of bribes to public servants and others,\" he said.\"The ACB focused on the evidence available relating to individuals and officials involved in serious criminal misconduct and public servants/officials who have been involved in arranging finance for the syndicates in addition to accepting bribes/mamools on a recurrent basis from them. Arrests have been made in cases in which sufficient evidence could be secured in addition to entries in the records,\" he informed the House.The government, however, did not respond to the opposition demand for a judicial probe, but assured them that it would take everyone's advice while framing the future excise policy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12025979", "title": "CBI raids BJP MP's house in DA case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI on Friday carried out searches at the premises of BJP MP from Dadra and Nagar Haveli, Natubhai Gomanbhai Patel , in connection with a disproportionate assets case.A first time Member of Parliament, Patel allegedly amassed disproportionate assets of Rs 2.18 crore in nine years during when he was a member of Silvassa Group Gram Panchayat, member of Interim Council of Silvassa Municipal Area and member of Municipal Council. The CBI claimed the MP had amassed this wealth from 2001 to 2009.The agency carried out searches at his South Avenue residence in Delhi as well as at his house in Silvassa early on Friday.CBI officials said they had recovered several incriminating documents relating to possession of movable and immovable assets from the raided premises and more searches were being carried out.Officials said they would question Patel, also a member of the standing committee on home affairs, after scrutiny of the seized documents. \"He allegedly misused his position while being posted on different levels in Silvassa before becoming an MP and made ill-gotten wealth,\" a CBI officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12025987", "title": "Cinepolis's licence to be reviewed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat government has asked the Ahmedabad district collector to review his decision on the awarding of an NOC and acinema licence to Cinepolis multiplex at Vastrapur. An official order in this regard was shot off by secretary of information and broadcasting K Kailashnathan on Friday. The Ahmedabad collector, Vijay Nehra, will now have to prepare a detailed report on the procedures that were followed under the Bombay Cinema Rules of 1954.Members of the Vastrapur resident's association had petitioned twice before the collector against issuing of NOC. According to Kailashnathan's missive to Nehra, on November 4, 2011, Cinepolis was granted NOC for construction of the multiplex. Soon afterwards, on November 15 it was granted cinema licence required to screen films.When asked to comment on the information and broadcasting department's order promoters of the mall AlphaG corp officials claimed that they would be waiting for the collector's reply to the secretary information and broadcasting. \"We have invested heavily in CSR activities for solving traffic problems around the mall. Our facility was inspected threadbare by Ahmedabad collectorate officials before they issued us the licence.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "muzaffarnagar", "code": "12027625", "title": "SP hopes brighten in Jat-Muslim hub", "text": "MUZAFFARNAGAR: \"Ek do zakhm nahi, saara jism hai chhalni; dard bechara pareshan hai kahan se uthe,\" says Mufti Zulfiqar, the shehar mufti of Muzaffarnagar, ruing the lack of higher education among the region's Muslim youth famous for sugarcane farming. \"In the land of sugarcane, there is bitterness all around,\" he adds.Barely a few hundred metres away from his home at Khalapar, Mayawati is holding a rally at Numaish Maidan which, like elsewhere, has overshadowed the one held by Rahul Gandhi at a management college at the same time.\"Don't go by those present in these rallies wearing skull caps. In these bad times, people here seem to have realized that Mulayam is their best bet,\" he adds. Coming from somebody who aspires to one day contest Lok Sabha elections on a Congress ticket, the comment is surprising. \"My feelings for the Congress notwithstanding, its alliance with the RLD to forge a Jat-Muslim alliance would have had a better chance if the Centre had implemented the Ranganath Mishra Committee report or if Rahul himself was projected as CM,\" he says.In the Jat-Muslim stronghold of Muzaffarnagar, the attempt by RLD chief Ajit Singh and the Congress to revive his father's legacy of electoral alliance between the two communities is already proving to be a onelegged horse. While the Jats, in general, still seem to back the RLD, Muslims, who have maximum votes here, are veering towards the SP despite the fact that the party has not done very well in the region in the past.Concurs Sadiq Rana, owner of a well-known resort at Khatauli. \"Muslims are voting for Congress-RLD candidates only where the SP candidate is perceived weak.\" Two such seats are Mirapur and Khatauli where the SP candidate is up against the Congress-RLD's Kartar Singh Bhadana, a moneybag. In the remaining four seats of Muzaffarnagar City, Purqazi, Shyamli and Budhana, the SP is surging ahead in getting Muslim support.This is surprising because in the absence of Yadav votes in the region, the SP has hardly been a force here. Are the Muslims not wasting their votes then? No, says Zulfiqar. \"Muslims account for close to 60% votes here and if they vote aggressively the SP will get seats too,\" he says.He did admit though that after the SP, the Congress-RLD could get maximum Muslim votes because of the decision to give reservation to them in OBC quota.The dominant Jat community can help sway the verdict in at least 15 seats of western UP. Muslims account for over 20% votes in more than 60 seats of the region.Assembly elections 2012UP polls", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12030847", "title": "Jyothirmayi to support a social cause", "text": "Actress Jyothirmayi has a serious and deglamourised role in the soon-to-be-released film, Sthalam, which deals with a socially relevant theme - about safeguarding the mangrove forests.\"When I signed the movie, I never thought it would be a tough task. So I'd walked in without much preparation,\" says Jyothirmayi, who had to deliver dialogues in Kannur slang in the movie.The actress says she could not have done it without the help of her director Shivaprasad, a product of Film and Television Institute, Pune. \"Shivaprasad is a bundle of talent and he helped me a lot to perfect my character,\" she says.In the movie, Jyothirmayi plays Pokudan's (social activist-turned-actor) daughter. \"Pokundan chettan is facing the camera for the first time and Shivaprasad did his best to build his confidence,\" says Jyothirmayi.She is hoping that Sthalam will be well appreciated by the audience and the issue addressed will get due attention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12030463", "title": "Thaman\u2019s Thakkali", "text": "The music composer plans to release a non-film album.Thaman is one of the busiest composers in the industry today, shuttling between Kollywood and Tollywood. Yet, the young music director has now announced that he will be bringing out a non-film album with his band. The band, uniquely titled Thakkali (tomato), also features his pals and frequent collaborators, playback singers Ranjith, Rahul Nambiar and Naveen Madhav.About the quirky name, he says, \"We have grown up in Chennai and are all foodies. And thakkali is something is used in most dishes. Most importantly, we think the word has a definite ring to it. And, we also felt very positive about this name.\"Elaborating, he says, \"We felt that we were totally commercializing ourselves with our film commitments and restricting ourselves musically. So, we decided to go for a non-film venture and come out with an album.\"The band has finished recording one song and is currently working on three more. One of the songs will talk about social issues. Says Thaman, \"The song will feature all the young singers from Kollywood and each one will be singing on one particular issue like environment, people and so on. We are also planning to shoot a video of the song which we will upload to a popular video sharing site.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12028261", "title": "Tribunals for senior citizens still not fully operational", "text": "The recent spate of murders and attacks on senior citizens and the case of 70-yearold Sharda Kasabkar who was discovered in her Santa Cruz flat, a fortnight after she died, highlights the loneliness and insecurity that stalks the elderly in the city. Yet, state-instituted tribunals for senior citizens, which were stipulated by a Central law five years ago, are still to be fully operational in Mumbai.The Maintenance and Welfare of Parents and Senior Citizens Act 2007 mandates states to form tribunals for every sub-division of a district to look into the grievances of senior citizens, particularly those who don't receive proper food, shelter or clothing. Meant to provide succour to parents who have been abandoned or ill-treated by their kin, tribunals spare seniors the rigmarole of the judicial process, and aim to resolve conflicts within 90 days. The law also mandates old-age homes (see box, Know your rights).But while the tribunals have been notified on paper in Maharashtra, there remains a lack of clarity about their actual functioning. \"There are many senior citizens who come forward with complaints, but when we approach state authorities about contact details of tribunals , we get no answers,\" says Prakash Borgaonkar, director western region of voluntary organization Help Age India adding that the social justice department has assured them that they will publicise the details soon.Sheilu Shrinivasan of NGO Dignity Foundation, too, believes senior citizens in Mumbai flounder for help, despite the comprehensive central legislation assuring them benefits. \"The welfare of senior citizens in Mumbai has been seriously affected because of frequent change in bureaucrats, which has resulted in a lack of continuation in plans and projects,\" she says.But others states in India are doing a better job looking after their seniors. Delhi has had its tribunals ticking since 2009 and Tamil Nadu has intervened in more than 250 senior citizen cases since its tribunals were formed in 2010.Officials in the social justice department insist Mumbai too has systems in place. Under-secretary G Allhat told TOI that an official of the sub-divisional rank could be appointed as a tribunal, according to an order of the revenue and forest department in 2010. He insisted that such tribunals were appointed across Maharashtra, but was unable to furnish precise details.TOI contacted both the Mumbai city and suburban collectors, both of whom said they weren't aware about functional tribunals. \"As we have no post of a sub-divisional officer in Mumbai city, we have written to the social justice department asking for our deputy collector to be appointed as the authority and hope to hear from them in the next fortnight,\" says city collector Chandrashekhar Oke.Senior state officials admit that the involvement of multiple departments in the state has hampered smooth implementation of the Act.Tribunals are only the first step towards a better welfare system for senior citizens , say experts.Dr S Kinjawadekar of the All India Senior Citizens Confederation says the overall attitude of people towards senior citizens needs to change. \"Creating a law alone doesn't provide any respite. People should be oriented to help and support them. Such tribunals and laws will give us a tool to legally protect our senior citizens, but we need to spread a lot of awareness among senior citizens about their rights and the provisions for them.\"Know Your RightsWhat the Maintenance and Welfare of Parents and Senior Citizens Act, 2007 stipulatesThe setting up of tribunals for senior citizens (60 +) who don't receive proper food, clothes, shelter or medicationA neglected parent can approach the tribunal, which could award maintenance up to Rs 10,000 to be paid by their children or legal heirThe case has to be settled within 90 daysThose convicted for abandoning senior citizen/parents could face a jail term up to three months or a fine of Rs 5,000 The Act also stipulates priority in queues and reservation of beds in government and charitable hospitals, protection of life and property, old-age homes in every district, a social welfare officer to preside over maintenance pleas, better medical facilities and district magistrate to ensure implementation of the ActHow others states have implemented the lawDelhi set up nine tribunals in 2009. In a first of their judgments, a son and daughter-in-law of a retired bureaucrat were asked to vacate their flat for brutally torturing the seniors Tamil Nadu set up tribunals in June 2010 headed by revenue divisional officers and have intervened in over 250 cases Karnataka has 48 districtlevel tribunals, all which have been operational since 2009Times ViewThere is a shameful lack of clarity regarding special tribunals for senior citizens in Mumbai and other parts of the state even five years after the Centre passed a law. The various state departments involved in instituting and administrating these tribunals should put into place systems on a priority basis and proactively spread awareness so that elders facing abuse can seek succour and financial maintenance. In the long run, the rank and file of the government and police machinery should be trained to deal with the problems of senior citizens with the sensitivity they deserve.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12028372", "title": "State rights chief quits, leaves panel memberless", "text": "MUMBAI: The crisis in the Maharashtra Human Rights Commission has deepened, with work coming to a grinding halt following the sudden resignation of its chairperson Justice Kshitij Vyas. The threemember commission, which has not cleared a single custodial death case from 2001 to 2011, is now entirely vacant as the terms of the two other members, Justice V G Munshi and former IPS officer T Singarvel, have already expired.In a related development, the Supreme Court on Friday rapped the Narendra Modi government in Gujarat for bypassing the court on appointing Justice Vyas as the new chairman of an authority that is looking into the investigations of 22 encounter killings in the state (see P 13).Justice Vyas, a former chief justice of the Bombay High Court , submitted his resignation to state governor K Sankaranarayanan on February 21, and it has been accepted. Justice Munshi's term ended on February 15, while Singarvel's tenure ended last October.Though Justice Vyas declined to comment on his decision to quit, he was reportedly unhappy with complete noncooperation from the state government . In a series of communications with the government , particularly with successive chief ministers, he pointed out the acute staff shortage and inadequate infrastructure . More shocking was that the sensitive orders passed by the human rights commission were never implemented in letter and spirit.Rights chief was unhappy over pending casesMUMBAI: Justice Kshitij Vyas, who has quit as chief of the Maharashtra Human Rights Commission, was reportedly disturbed by the large number of custodial death cases pending before a panel member. It was found that from 2001 to 2011, not a single one of 506 custodial death cases was disposed of by the commission.\"Justice Vyas took up the issue of custodial deaths with the governor too. It was felt that a new member, devoted to the cause of human rights, would deal with the custodial death cases and dispose them of in a time-bound period,'' said a senior official . TOI had on February 21 reported on the complete failure of the state human rights commission to dispose of custodial death cases.In December 2011, Vyas personally called on chief minister Prithviraj Chavan about replacements for T Singarvel and the registrar and an extension for V G Munshi. As per the provisions of law, the chairperson and members of the commission are appointed by a high-level committee headed by the chief minister. \"Justice Vyas took up basic issues with the chief minister. It was expected that the CM would take a personal interest . But it was a disappointing situation, since there was no response from the CM,'' the senior official said.Soon after his retirement from the Bombay high court in 2007, Vyas was appointed chairperson of the commission . He was known for his critical judicial orders and was expecting to streamline the commission's functioning so that justice could be done to victims of human rights violations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12032393", "title": "Nobody cares about Kashmiri Pandits: Pt Shivkumar Sharma", "text": "Listening to Pt Shivkumar Sharma - the living legend of santoor - reminds you of the valleys of Kashmir before strife ruined its peace. Pt Shivkumar Sharma bares his heart in a relaxed tete-a-tete with us...Whither good filmsShivji has also kept himself away from Hindi film industry, where he, along with Pt Hari Prasad Chaurasia, composed melodious music for Yash Chopra's films like Silsila, Lamhe, Chandni and Darr. Ask him the reason for this abstinence and he replies: \" Aisi filmein ab kahan banti hain! Classical music is our first priority. When film assignments started clashing with our concerts, we had to step back.\"My kind of musicBut, now that Yash Chopra is directing a film again, would he consider a one-off project? \"A R Rahman is composing the music for that film. If a good project comes along where I have the choice of making my kind of music, I will consider it. I can't compose music for item numbers.\"Spirituality mattersAt 74, there's amazing grace and youthful energy around Shivji's countenance. Compliment him on this, and he says: \"The reason for that is my spiritual outlook in life. I honestly believe that it's not me, who has brought santoor from the anonymity of folklore onto a classical podium, giving it an international recognition. It's a divine power up there, which has chosen me as a medium for this job.\"Proud fatherHe and Rahul have both appeared in the latest version of Mile sur mera tumhara. Ask him who gets more compliments, and the proud father says: \"Rahul is considered a youth icon today. He has created music, which is keenly being followed by the youngsters. Recently, at an airport, some youngsters asked me for autograph. Later, they told me that they were big-time Rahul fans. Obviously, I was floored. My older son Rohit, who is heading the marketing division of Fox Star Studio, also makes me immensely proud.\"Really upsetHis mood turns sombre the moment you ask him about the plight of his tribe - the Kashmiri Pandits. He says without much ado: \"When I heard all those tall promises made recently in different municipal and assembly elections in the country, I was appalled! Nobody is interested in doing anything for the Kashmiri Pandits, who have left their property, their identity and their lives behind. The reason behind this political apathy is that they aren't vote banks!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12028491", "title": "Gujarat jailhouse rock: Prisoners to polish diamonds", "text": "SURAT: Next time you buy a diamond ring, chances are that a prisoner has given the sparkle to its precious stone. In a unique initiative aimed at helping undertrials and convicts, a new jail coming up in the diamond city will train its inmates in diamond cutting and polishing. The state's third central jail constructed at Lajpor on Surat-Navsari highway can house 3,000 prisoners and will be inaugurated by chief minister Narendra Modi on Sunday.The initiative comes at a time when the industry expects a requirement of 60,000 trained hands to cut and polish $2.5 billion worth lowrange rough stones from Zimbabwe that are expected in Surat this year. \"Diamond polishing is the focus area of the vocation training facility that we are setting up in the new jail,\" said N A Desai, superintendent of Surat district jail.\"Some diamantaires have also shown interest in operating this facility and given their competence, we are confident of producing good quality polishers and more importantly transformed human beings,\" Desai added.Savji Dholakiya, promoter of Hare Krishna Diamond, said, \"It is a wonderful concept. If private firms are allowed to operate freely with required support, a huge number of quality polishers can be createdfrom jail.\" Dholakiya confirmed that trained prisoners will be employed by the company that trains them and get a respectable salary. The salary of diamond polishers ranges from a minimum Rs 20,000 and can go up to Rs 70,000 depending on their skill and experience.\"When the industry is in need of trained hands, any option of labour supply would benefit the industry. It should be done with proper planning. It will become a reason for large number of people to return to mainstream,\" said Rohit Mehta, a leading diamantaire and president of Southern Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12027609", "title": "Can Maya\u2019s policy deliver?", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh chief minister Mayawati's sugarcane policy will be put under test in the last two phases of the elections covering 128 constituencies where sugarcane is a major cash crop. Political analysts feel that Mayawati's cane policy is better than previous governments in some aspects, but it may not reap the desired benefit, as corruption and lack of development besides anger against land acquisition are also major issues in the elections.Another factor is that farmers now do not vote as a community anymore and are divided on caste and communal lines. However, what may help Behenji is the fact that the Opposition could not make sugarcane an election issue this time.\"At least, over 2.58 crore people are dependent on sugarcane farming in 128 assembly constituencies in west UP and Terai region, which go to poll in the sixth and seventh phases, and are not hostile to BSP on cane issue,\" said Sudhir Panwar, president Kisan Jagriti Manch. Panwar's claim appears to be correct as sale prices of the sugarcane almost doubled in Mayawati's period from Rs 137 per quintal in 2007 to Rs 240 per quintal in 2012. This helped farmers to increase their income by 32% in the last five years. Sugar is the largest industry in UP. Nearly 15% of the total agricultural area under cultivation in the state is cane.The SP regime supported sugar mills leading to expansion of the industry, but Mayawati focused on farmers . Cases were slapped against officials of the private mill found indulging in underweighing the produce or not paying dues to farmers on time. Cane production in 2007 was 1600 lakh tonne when Mayawati came to power. But since cane farmers had suffered huge losses in Mulayam rule, they gave up cane farming . As a result, the area under cane cultivation and production declined in 2008 and 2009.However, the output increased to 1200 lakh tonne in 2011-12.Yashpal Singh, a sugarcane farmer in Muzaffarnagar, said that input cost of farmers increased considerably in last five years due to hike in diesel prices and labour cost. \"I got over Rs 6 lakh from five acre land with around 200 quintal per acre yield,\" he said. Like Singh, most of the small and marginal farmers, whose land holding is less than five acre, were benefited by Maya's policy . \"She has set a standard and we believe that any government coming to power now will not dare to reverse it,\" said Mohammad Almi, from Lakhimpur Kheri. He pointed out that all political parties have promised better deals to cane growers in their manifesto. If BJP says it will increase cane purchase price by 25%, SP and Congress have also assured better payment.However, Rakesh Baliyan, a leader of Bharatiya Kisan Union, said that late announcement of cane purchase price by the government led to delay in crushing, As a result, farmers were forced to sell their produce at lower rates as they have clear fields for sowing winter crops. However, he said, that Mayawati administration ensured that the mills pay their dues on time.Farmers also said that there is an anger against the Congress-led UPA government, which tried to impose 'Fair and Remunerative Price' (FRP) introduced in 2008. It also tried to take away the right of the state government to fix state advisory price (SAP) as per local conditions. It was after massive protests by farmers that the Centre had to delete the provisions, which took away state government's right to fix SAP. But the provision of fixing FRP continued. For 2011, the FRP was fixed Rs 145 per quintal, whereas the input cost of farmers was over Rs 200. The private mill owners argued that if Centre has announced price which is fair and remunerative, what is the need of SAP. They also challenged the SAP fixed by the government in the High Court, but got no relief. According to rough estimates, the total cost of cane produced in 2011-12 season is around Rs 16,000 crore, which was Rs 5,700 crore in 2008-09.Mill owners, however, rued that 125 odd sugar mills suffered a loss of around Rs 3,750 crore due to increase in SAP. \"Politicians use cane to reap electoral gains, but are not realising what will happen if mills close down due to losses,\" they said.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12026327", "title": "Debate rages over policy on water", "text": "MUMBAI: Water should be treated as a public good and not as an economic one. This was the dominant point in a public debate organized by the Pani Haq Samiti on the National Water Policy, 2012, floated by the ministry of water resources.The draft copy of the policy has been made public for further recommendations. Experts debating on the draft said right to water and sanitation to citizens needs to be broadly defined in the policy to include it as a basic human right of all the residents irrespective of their citizenship status or legality of stay. Water pricing, however, has been the bone of contention. According to the policy, there should be a mechanism in every state to establish a water tariff system, whereby the water charges would reflect the full recovery of the cost of administration and maintenance of water resources projects. \"Water should never be treated as an economic good which is in contradiction with the public trust doctrine,\" said Sitaram Shelar, convenor, Pani Haq Samiti.According to Pani Haq Samiti, the present draft lacks an instrument to prioritize water allocation which will result in diverting water towards industrial uses, denying access to drinking water and irrigation. The body will appeal to the ministry to extend the time for discussing the policy draft. \"The government should also translate the policy in other regional languages,\" added Shelar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "12028212", "title": "Farmers demand loan waiver, begin strike", "text": "BELGAUM: Activists of Karnataka Rajya Raita Sangha and Hasiru Sene of Belgaum taluk unit, under the leadership of taluk president Appasab Desai began an indefinite hunger strike on Thursday in the DC office premises, demanding waiving of the loans of Kadoli farmers. Farmers of Kadoli village near Belgaum are suffering huge financial losses, as cabbage and potato crops cultivated in the village were damaged due to drought and excess rainfall conditions in the last three years. Hence, most of the villagers couldn't make repayments of their loans availed from different financial institutions, said Appasab Desai. But the financial institutions are intimidating farmers with property seizer, the farmer leader adde.d. He said harassment ny financial institutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12027093", "title": "Street tubelights to make way for LEDs, solar lamps", "text": "CHENNAI: At a time when the state is staring at a power deficit of over 3,000MW, the civic body is doing its bit to reduce consumption. The Corporation of Chennai has decided to replace all the street tubelights in the corporation's extended areas with energy-saving solar and Light Emitting Diode (LED) lamps.This move is expected to reduce the total power consumption of streetlights by 25%. The corporation maintains 2.21 lakh streetlights in 200 wards, which consume around 19MW. The corporation pays 2 crore to the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) every month.Sources in the corporation said financial approval for the plan would be sought in the coming budget session. \"Tenders have been finalized. Around 1,761 streetlights in the city will be replaced within two months with 745 solar and 1,016 LED lamps,\" an official said. Presently, only 60 streetlights use solar energy.Around 50 crore has been allotted for the improvement of streetlights in the extended areas under the Chennai Mega City Development Mission.Of the 88,488 streetlights in the extended areas, including Tiruvottiyur, Manali, Madhavaram, Ambattur, Valasaravakkam, Alandur, Perungudi and Sholinganallur, 56,162 are tubelights.\"Many streetlights in the suburban areas are tubelights and the power consumption remains high. So, we have decided to replace the tubelights in the extended areas with energy-saving LED and solar lamps,\" said a senior corporation official.Officials said they were considering a proposal to re-schedule the timings of streetlights. \"There are some plans to reschedule the timings to reduce power consumption, but it will be implemented only after public consultations,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "12026689", "title": "Jharsuguda lone exception in Congress' woeful election tally", "text": "SAMBALPUR: For the Congress, Jharsuguda is the only bright spot in an otherwise lacklustre poll mark sheet. It is the only district in the state where the party recorded a victory, that too by a thumping eight-one margin.Though almost all the prominent leaders of the BJD campaigned in the district, the party failed to put up a good show except in Jharsuguda zone 2. In the 2007 rural polls, the BJD had three seats and the Congress had five. The BJP won the other seat.Sources said Congress's organization at the grassroots level was better than the BJD. \"Both the Congress legislators of the district, Naba Das (Jharsuguda) and Anup Sai (Brajarajnagar), worked very hard before the polls. They played a big role in canvassing support for the party,\" a senior politician of the district said.On the other hand, the poor show of the BJD has been a strong blow to local BJD leader and former speaker of the state assembly Kishore Mohanty. Party workers blamed him for the debacle of the party in the district. \"Though the party made him a Rajya sabha member after his defeat in the assembly election-2009, he has done nothing for the party in turn. Once BJD had a strong rural base here, but because of his negligence, the party has lost its grip in the district,\" a senior BJD leader of the district said on the condition of anonymity.Meanwhile, the president post being reserved for a scheduled caste woman, either Renuka Hansarali of Kolabira or Sureswari Tihiria of Lakhanpur will hold the post of the president in the 4th Zilla Parisad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "12025647", "title": "More excise officials in trouble", "text": "GUNTUR: Senior excise officials who managed to escape the ACB dragnet in the past despite their deep-rooted connections with the liquor syndicates are in a tight spot now. With the ACB closely monitoring the alleged wrongdoings of the arrested inspector, Mallikharjuna Rao, the excise officials, who had links with him, are a worried lot.According to sources, Mallikharjuna Rao suppressed several complaints at the field level against the tainted officials. The ACB headquarters got specific information about Rao's transactions with at least one deputy commissioner, two assistant commissioners and half a dozen inspector-rank officials in the department. \"He took them off the ACB scanner despite two syndicate leaders Nallabothu Srinivasa Rao and Marri Subbareddy confessing about the complicity of the officials,\" sources said. Besides looking into Rao's illegal assets, the ACB is focusing on several complaints found in the files at his residence here.As per the procedure, a field officer (inspector rank) should scrutinise all the complaints received by him and forward them to the headquarters for advice. Senior officials in the director general's (DG) office look into such complaints and evidence gathered by the field officer and take the final call but Mallikharjuna Rao is believed to have conducted private enquiries into the income sources of senior officials.\"In a bid to escape ACB raids and arrests, these officials used to pay huge bribes to Mallikharjuna Rao,\" a senior ACB official said. The DG office kept a close watch on the movements of Mallikharjuna Rao after the raids on liquor syndicates began a month ago and decided to boot him out. Sources said that at least a dozen senior officials would be in serious trouble if ACB begins probe into their assets.Meanwhile, in a report on liquor syndicates in Krishna district, ACB said nearly Rs 7.5 lakh was paid to officials by liquor traders between July 1 and December 14 last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12017373", "title": "Lara Croft-look for Kangana Ranaut in Krrish 3", "text": "Kangana Ranaut is all set to play a superwoman in Rakesh Roshan's Krrish 3. Apparently her look is inspired by Angelina's Lara Croft look.Kangana is one of the few lucky actresses from the industry who got the opportunity to play a variety of roles through her films. In her upcoming movie, the actress will be seen doing some sexy action stunts. We hear Kangana's look has been inspired by Angelina's Lara croft look.The actress is training in martial arts and kick boxing as she is keen on doing her stunts on her own. The actress is excited to sport tube tops and tight pants.It can be recalled that before Kangana, Chitrangada and Jacqueline were considered for this role. It was Kangna who finally bagged it. Let's hope this Lara Croft act of hers does more for her than what Roshans' Kites did", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12027157", "title": "Rehabilitation centre owner shot at", "text": "PATNA: One Dharmendra Kumar Verma, owner of a rehabilitation centre, Jivan Darpan Kendra, at Transport Nagar under Agamkuan police station, was shot at by a youth at the centre-cum-residence on Friday morning. Verma was admitted to a private nursing home, located on Bank Road, where he was operated upon by the doctors.Verma's daughter-in-law Sushma Verma said that five youths reached the centre at around 7 am. She said that one of them entered the building and inquired about Verma from the driver. The youth locked the driver in a room and then reached the first floor of the building where Verma was present, she said and added as the youth whipped out a pistol, her father-in-law caught him, but the youth opened fire and the bullet pierced his stomach.Sushma said that hearing the sound of the bullet, the locals assembled there and caught one of the youths and handed him over to the local police. Four other youths, however, managed to escape from there, she added. \"We do not know the reason behind the incident,\" said some family members present at the nursing home. The police said that the mob assaulted the youth mercilessly and he has been admitted to the NMCH for treatment.Patna City, SDPO, Sushil Kumar said that the arrested youth has been identified as Anish Sah, a native of Fatuha. He attributed the attack to some money dispute. Quoting the arrested youth, he said that the brother of one of his friends was admitted to the rehabilitation centre earlier, but he could not be completely treated. He said that the youth told the police that his friend was asking Verma to return the money. The SDPO said that the police recovered a countrymade pistol, a live cartridge, besides an empty cartridge from him.Property gutted: Property worth Rs 5 lakh was reduced to ashes when a fire broke out at a godown in Maroofganj Mandi under Malsalami police station on Friday.The police said that 'pattal' plates, ropes and papers were kept in the godown owned by one Ranjit Kumar Gupta. The police said that as the fire engulfed the godown, five fire tenders reached the spot and doused the flames, the police said.Malsalami police station SHO D N Rai said that fire broke out due to short circuit. He said that the godown owner claimed that property worth Rs 5 lakh was gutted due to the fire.Bombs recovered: The Patna Police on Thursday night recovered four live bombs at Raushan Ghat under Sultanganj police station. SSP Alok Kumar received information that some criminals had assembled at the Ghat and were planning to commit some crime. A police team led by SDPO, Patna City, Sushil Kumar carried out a raid there and recovered the bombs. Kumar said that though the criminals managed to escape, they have been identified. Raids were on to arrest them, the SSP added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12027447", "title": "800 students have a 'field' day", "text": "LUDHIANA: About 800 students participated in events like 100m race, 400m race, 1,200m race, 2,000m race, long jump, relay and shot put at the annual athletic meet held at PCTE on Friday. Director general of PCTE Group of Institutes, K N S Kang, commenced the meet as students took the oath in full spirit and displayed sportsman spirit. In 200m race for boys, Ravneet Singh of BHMCT 2nd year won the first prize, Jatinderjit Singh of PGDM 2nd year won the second prize and Harpreet Singh of BCA 3rd year won the third prize.In 1,200m race for girls, Nelcy Khatri of MBA 2nd year got the first prize, N Briget of ATHM got the second prize and Caroline of MSc IT 1st year got the third prize. In 400m race for girls, Geraldine of B.Pharmacy 2nd Year won the first position, Kezang of BBA 1st year won the second position and Caroline of MSc IT 1st year won the third position. In the long jump for girls, Faith of BSc ATHM got the 1st prize, Geraldine of BPharmacy 2nd year got the 2nd prize and the 3rd prize was jointly won by Kiranpreet of BSc biotechnology 3rd year and Jaspreet of BPharmacy 3rd year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12026958", "title": "'Lax' Chandigarh cops ignore suicidal man's plea", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Had Chandigarh Police been true to its slogan 'We Care for You' Amit Garg, 30, would have been alive. On Wednesday, this depressed Ambala youth went around the city seeking help with the body of his mother lying in his car and all police did was to tell him that the case did not fall under their jurisdiction and he should contact Ambala cops. An inquiry has now been ordered in the case.On Wednesday, Amit rushed his mother Shail Garg, 52, to a Mohali-based private hospital for she had tried to kill herself. However, doctors declared her brought dead. A distraught Amit, a lecturer at a private engineering institute in Lalru, went to a newspaper office seeking help. The staff there rang up the police as Amit was saying that he too would commit suicide. Though a PCR vehicle and area SHO Inspector Malkiat Singh rushed to the spot, all they advised him was to take up the matter with Ambala district police because his mother ended her life there.Later, Amit reportedly checked in a hotel on the Ambala-Delhi national highway near Sahabad on February 23, and reportedly committed suicide with the body of his mother still lying in the car.Shail was a teacher with Kendriya Vidyalaya Number-2, Ambala Cantt, and used to stay in the staff quarters of the school with her only son Amit.Sources in Ambala police said, \"Preliminary probe revealed that Shail was upset over the dispute going on between Amit and his second wife.\"Meanwhile, IG (UT) P K Srivastva has marked an inquiry to find out lapses on the part of control room officials and SHO of PS Industrial Area Malkiat Singh on Friday. SP (operations) Rajinder Singh Ghumman will conduct the inquiry.The inquiry will look into possible lapses on the part of police control room headed by DSP Roshan Lal and SHO of PS Industrial Area, Malkiat Singh.DSP (communication) Roshan Lal, under whom police control room comes, said, \"A message was sent to police station Industrial Area and SHO Malkiat Singh himself went to the spot.\"When contacted, Srivastva said, \"It is confirmed that legal proceeding in this case was the job of Ambala police but Chandigarh cops, who attended Amit Garg on February 22, should have informed their counterparts in Ambala about the death of woman and her son, who apparently looked upset.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12027933", "title": "Oranges and grapes cut the risk of stroke: Study", "text": "LONDON: Want to reduce the risk of a stroke? Eat oranges and grapefruit daily, if possible , says a study.Researchers at Norwich Medical School in the University of East Anglia have found that oranges and grapefruit protect against a 'brain attack' due to anti-inflammatory properties, the Stroke journal reported.For their study, researchers analysed 69,622 women who were taking part in the ongoing Nurses' Health Study in US.They investigated the strength of protection from flavonoids, a class of antioxidant compounds present in fruits, vegetables, dark chocolate and red wine.The study used 14 years of follow-up data provided by 69,622 women who reported their fruit and vegetable intake every four years.The team examined the relationship of the six main subclasses of flavonoids with risk of ischemic, hemorrhagic and total stroke.Women who ate high amounts of flavanones in citrus had a 19% lower risk of blood clot-related (ischemic) stroke than women who consumed the least amounts, the Daily Mail reported. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12027425", "title": "Fight against honour crimes: A tale of five girls", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The young director, Nakul Sawhney, has succinctly captured the fight of five young Jat girls against \"honour\" crimes in her documentary \" Izzatnagari ki Asabhya Betiyaan\" (The Immoral Daughters in the Land of Honour). It will be screened here on Saturday. It also includes the case of Manoj-Babli honour killing, which projects the fight of young man's sister Seema against the khap panchayats. It also shows how the family was ostracised Seema along with her mother Chanderpati approached the police to register an FIR.While telling the love stories, the documentary tries to bring out clash of thoughts between the modern society and traditional thinking coupled with patriarchal and casteist pillars of a feudal society.The documentary is an attempt to tell the importance for change in the mindset of khap leaders. Like at one instance, Jai Singh Ahlawat, the head of Ahlawat Khap, said, \"Those who threaten our traditional code... are the educated youngsters, the dalit officers, who want everything to be equal... And, of course, our \"asabhya betiyan\", (immoral daughters) who imagine equality like animals and want our age-old customs to die out...\"The fightersMukesh Malik, 28Mukesh became eyesore of her family members when in 2006 she told about her wish for inter-caste marriage.\"I was 'jailed' in my own house for three months,\" she said.According to Mukesh, her parents did not like her idea for an inter-caste marriage. \"Then, they started looking a boy of their choice for me but I preferred to leave the village,\" she added.A degree holder in mass communication, Mukesh joined a vernacular for her livelihood. Though, after some time she left the job and started working for a woman organization, AIDWA. On March 29, 2011, she finally married a journalist, who is not from her catse.Seema, 25Seema's brother Manoj alongwith his wife Babli were killed for marrying in the same gotra. A constable in Haryana police, Seema alongwith her mother is fighting for justice in the courts against the killers. They are pitted against khap panchayats across the region and the political establishment. She is living under police protection.Monika, 20Monika, a graduation student of a Sonipat college, was reportedly married to Gaurav Saini of Delhi in 2009. In the documentary, Gaurav tells about Monica's struggle to lead an independent life and the subsequent problems their marriage faced since they belonged to different castes.Anjali Chahal, 24Anjali sees education as a way to break out of the arranged marriage and domestic life her family wants for her. Her M.Phil thesis, on honour crimes, is her answer to the voice of tradition.\"Despite the proliferating educational standards and economic prosperity, the society and I say the \"civil society\" including the niche, where I come from, justify the killings in the name of so-called \"honor\". My hunch is to unravel the underlying reasons and desires of the aggressiveness of this particular community in Haryana\".Geetika, 20Geetika, a student of Delhi University , directs a street play on \"honour\" crimes. She approaches the play keeping in mind her own need to question the belief systems she was heir to.The directorNakul Sawhney, 29, directed his first film in 2005. \"With a Little Help From My Friends\" won the award for the second best film at the \"60 seconds to Fame\" film festival in Chennai. He then did a course in TV direction at FTII, Pune. Two short films that he directed at the film institute, \"Agaurav\" and \"Undecided\" won the awards for second best film and best director respectively at the Hyderabad International Film Festival. After completing his course he made a documentary on the history of the working class movement of Chheharta, Amritsar called, \"Once Upon a Time in Chheharta\".Nakul was also the president of Kirori Mal College's theatre society \"The Players\" in 2002-03.Two plays that he co-directed, \"Main Sachcha Desh Bhakt Nahi\" and \"Advice to The Players\" won a multitude of awards including best play and best director. He has also been actively involved with Jana Natya Manch since 2003.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-25"}
