{"city": "indore", "code": "12283706", "title": "CBI raids two Indore-based firms for bank forgery", "text": "INDORE: Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Thursday carried out searches on Indore-based firms, Radhika Warehouse and Agro Services and Mukteshwar Enterprises, following complaints of forgery lodged by the UCO Bank. Ten offices of the firms, including six in Indore, one each in Dehradun, Ahmedabad, Kolkata, and Hoshangabad were searched and documents relating to loans and transactions with the bank seized, CBI sources said.They said the firms belonging to Manmohan Yadav and Mohan Yadav have been accused of cheating the bank's New Palasia and Khandwa Road branches in Indore of Rs 5.5 crore.\"Each cheated the bank by committing a forgery of Rs 2.75 crore apiece using fake warehouse receipts, fake sale deeds and title deeds to procure the loans .Three senior UCO Bank officials, a panelled advocate of the bank and a few borrowers and guarantors have also come on the radar of the investigating agency for their alleged role in facilitating loans to the firms.\"The firms have been committing forgery in the name of fictitious warehouses, besides using other forged documents to procure money from the bank,\" a CBI official said, adding that the companies earlier have been accused of involvement in cheating the Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC) using fake warehouse receipts and documents in the past.\"The evaluation of seized documents would be done in a couple of days,\" a CBI official said. Cases have been booked against the firms for cheating, forgery, criminal misconduct, criminal conspiracy and under provisions of Prevention of Corruption Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12290493", "title": "Union Budget 2012-13: What goes up, down", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pranab Mukherjee, while presenting the Union Budget 2012-2013 proposed to increase duty on large cars and refined gold and remove any duty on import of silver. Here is a look at what goes up and what goes down.Almost all the manufactured items used in every day life will become costlier, while luxury cars, gold, eating out at restaurants or hotel accommodation will become even more expensive after a steep hike in tax rates proposed in Budget 2012-13.WHAT GOES UPACsGold jewelleryRefrigeratorLuxury carsAir travelTelephone billsSport Utility VehiclesCigarettesHandrolled beedisPlatinum jewelleryDiamond jewelleryEmeraldRubyBranded retail garmentsEating out at restaurantsHotel accommodationHiring a law firmToiletriesCosmeticsSoft-drinksSteelCementWHAT GOES DOWNCinema and filmsLCDs and LEDsImported bicyclesHousing society chargesLPGMobile phonesSchool educationIron ore equipmentMedicines for treating cancer and HIV Processed foodIodised saltMatch boxesSoya productsSolar power lampsLED bulbsNatural gasUranium for generation of electricityDesktops/LaptopsFull Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12283700", "title": "Raghuraj Pratap Singh: A raja who is kingmaker", "text": "Raghuraj Pratap Singh, better known as Raja Bhaiya, has been an MLA from Kunda since 1993. He was 26 when he won his political spurs, first proving his usefulness to his political masters in 1997 when he split the BSP to help form the BJP government in UP. A majority of MLAs who defected from BSP were thakurs.In May 2002, Mayawati's BSP emerged as the single largest party and she formed the ministry that lasted a year. She had her revenge by booking him under the Prevention of Terrorism Act (POTA) after police found one AK-56 assault rifle, 36 cartridges, two wireless sets and 800 gm explosive from his palace in January 2003.There were 44 criminal cases against him then, including extortion, land-grabbing (which included a lake owned by the government), misusing public property, and threatening public servants. He was packed off to jail by the Mayawati government.His father, Udai Pratap Singh, and cousin, Akshay Pratap Singh, were also charged under POTA. However, all this had a flip side: he assumed an iconic status among UP's thakurs. The SP, looking to woo thakurs, saw an opportunity in supporting Raja Bhaiya in his hour of crisis.Within 30 minutes of Mulayam Singh Yadav's coming to power in August 2003, charges under POTA against Raja Bhaiya were dropped. He got bail and was made minister for food and civil supplies. All this paid SP handsomely in 2004 when it won 35 Lok Sabha seats.However, Raja Bhaiya had to resign within months when the Supreme Court quashed the Mulayam government's order of removing POTA. Later, when POTA was repealed in 2004, Raja Bhaiya was re-inducted in Mulayam's cabinet. The police officer, RS Pandey, who had raided his house, later died in a road accident, a case being investigated by the CBI.Action against him strengthened Maya's dalit base because low castes have historically been exploited by thakurs. It also helped Maya get brahmin support in 2007 since they are opposed to thakur dominance in UP.There were 44 criminal cases against Raja Bhaiya in 2003, including extortion,land-grabbing (which included a lake owned by the government), misusing public property, and threatening public servants. He was packed off to jail by the Mayawati governmentUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Election 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12285408", "title": "Economic Survey: Less jobs on offer, fewer women in the workforce", "text": "Labour growth has slowed down in both public and private organized sectors, the Economic Survey has revealed. Just 15% of the total labour force has regular salaried jobs. While employment in the public sector grew at just 0.4% between 2010 and 2009 as compared to 0.7% between 2009-2008 , private sector employment grew at 4.5% as compared to 5.1%.Job creation remains a massive problem. The government aims to create 5.8 crore jobs between 2007 and 2012, but in the five-year period between 2004-5 and 2009-10 , only 1.8 crore jobs were created. Moreover, the labour force expanded by just 1.2 crore in that period, possibly because more young people stayed on in education, the Survey estimates.At 1.79 crore jobs, public sector employment in India is now down to 1975 levels, with manufacturing and construction taking the biggest hits. Most of this decline was absorbed by the male labour force, which has lost over 20 lakh jobs since 1991. Female employment in the public sector has risen slightly over the same period to 32 lakh. However, female participation in the labour force as a whole has declined.Meanwhile, the organised private sector now employs 1.08 crore persons. While manufacturing is responsible for almost half these jobs, the fastest growing sector in private employment is financial services.In organised manufacturing , the ratio of wages to output has declined even as the ratio of profit to output has increased, reflecting a steady squeeze on workers' wages. Profit is now over eight times the total output, and wages less than four times; an exact inversion of the situation 20 years ago. With reduced bargaining power, the number of strikes and lockouts has plummeted.Overall in the organised and unorganised economy together, agriculture continues to be the biggest employer , but the services sector is the biggest employer of urban Indians: for every 1,000 people employed in rural India, 679 work in agriculture , while for every 1,000 employed in urban India, 582 work in services.The industrial sector now employs over 10 crore persons and the share of industry in total employment has risen to 22%, an increase of close to 6% over the last ten years. This rise is mainly in construction, which now employs 4.4 crore people, while fewer jobs are now available in manufacturing. Yet the National Manufacturing Policy envisages that high growth in manufacturing will absorb 10 crore more people than today by 2022.'Contracts drive economy'According to the Economic Survey, \"The central driver of a modern economy is the contract.\" It goes on to explain that being able to get into a contract quickly and get fast redress in case one party reneges \"together...describe the ethos for 'doing business ' in a nation.\"With this, it makes a strong pitch for changes in Indian labour laws to allow for more, and more flexible, contractual employment. The survey also asks for firms to be allowed to wind up more easily in order to free up land and reduce transaction and administrative costs.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Rail Budget 2012 , Pre Budget 2012, Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12284665", "title": "Saying goodbye with tears and cheers", "text": "LUDHIANA: Every beginning has an end and every end has a new beginning - such is the cycle of life. And with the current session coming to an end, its time for farewell parties and new beginnings.The students of BA-II of SDP College for Women , Gandhi Nagar, bid a warm, colourful and loving adieu to the outgoing students of BA-III on Thursday. To celebrate a new beginning, a gala audio-visual feast of songs, dances, choreographies and games, were presented by the students of BA-II. An ostentatious and glittering grand finale Miss Farewell was an additional attraction of the day. Wearing ethnic dresses, decked with traditional and modern jewellery, girls stepped on the ramp to exhibit their talent. Sherika was crowned Miss SDP, while Heena and Vanita were declared the first and second runners up, respectively. Principal Paramjit Kaur said, blessed the outgoing students for their life ahead and urged them to work hard to make their family, alma matar and society proud.In another farewell, the students of BA-II bade a warm farewell to their seniors at Government College for Women, Bharat Nagar Chowk on Thursday. The show Sayonara was marked with a colourful cultural bonanza followed by Miss Farewell Contest. The second year students enthralled the audience with their breath taking dance performances, which included a dance medley and bhangra remix. Principal Gurminder Kaur gave her best wishes to the outgoing students and encouraged them to follow an ethical way of living to set an example for others. The Miss Farewell title was awarded to Kusum. Heetu and Harguneet were declared the first and second runners up, respectively.Students of Guru Nanak Khalsa College for Women, Model Town, celebrated their sisterhood of poignant association of three years through a farewell party organized by BA-II students for BA-III and PGDMC students on Thursday. The enthusiasm and gusto of the party peeled off its layers with smiles, tears, reminiscences and a cultural bonanza comprising of songs, dances and other eye-catching items. Ramneet, Nikita , Savleen and Neelam compered the show. Bhawna and Samiksha involved the audience with their games.Lakshmi and Jagjeet recited Harivansh Rai Bachchana's poetry \"Jo beet gayi so baat gayi\". Gurmeet gave a scintillating performance on medley \"Paave Phulkari Ute Bel Buttiana\", Satpreet and Jyoti wooed the audience with their medley of duet songs. The beauty pageant was the highlight of the party. Manisha was crowned as Miss Farewell, while Inderpreet and Bhawna were adjudged as first and second runners up, respectively. The revelry of the farewell party reached apex with girls dedicating songs and cheering their lovable and guiding teachers.At Ramgarhia Girls College, Miller Ganj, it was department of arts that organized a magnificent event to bid a heartfelt adieu to the outgoing seniors on Thursday. Juniors presented a cultural fiesta, including dances on latest Punjabi hits and games for the seniors.Special dance performances by head girl Manpreet Kaur on 'Sajdaa' and Harminder Kaur on 'Sayyiana' enthralled the audiences. The outgoing students stole the show by walking the ramp in ethnic clothes with gorgeous smiles. Baljeet Kaur became the Miss Farewell while Harpreet Kaur and Sandeep Kaur bagged first and second runner up titles respectively. College principal Narinder Sandhu crowned the winners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12286018", "title": "Uttar Pradesh Board exams begin today", "text": "ALLAHABAD: More than 63 lakh students will appear in the UP Board examinations that begin on Friday. This year students will get extra 15 minutes to complete the paper. Last year, 56.5 lakh students had appeared in the UP Board exams.Physically challenged students will get another 20 minutes extra to complete the paper. This (additional time) would boost the number of pass candidates from this category, secretary, UP Board, Basudeo Yadav told reporters here on Thursday.From this year, intermediate students will have to appear in only two papers in Mathematics and Hindi. Earlier they had to appear in three papers in these subjects.Yadav said this year a total of 37,40,585 and 26,82,790 students have registered for high school and inter examination. Out of this, 63 lakh will appear in the examination this year. More than 9800 examination centres have been set up in the state this year.A total of 75 collection centres have been set up in the district and the board has already dispatched answer sheets to different regions. This year also the board has identified 10 districts as sensitive where numbered answer books would be given to examinees.As a part of internal assessment under Continued and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE), 30 marks were allotted in each subject for internal assessment of high school students at school level.Centre superintendants have also been armed with special powers as they would be acting as static magistrates to check copying. For jail inmates, eight examination centres have been set up from where 157 high school and 117 intermediate examinees are appearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12283094", "title": "State thrust for speed governors on school buses", "text": "MUMBAI: To curb the rate of fatal accidents in Maharashtra, the state transport department is making it mandatory for all school buses, dumpers, trucks and tourist buses to have speed governors-which will limit the speed between 50 kmph and 65 kmph.State transport secretary Shailesh Sharma told TOI on Thursday that the school bus drivers will have to limit their speed to 50 kmph.\"If the driver speeds beyond the permissible limit on city roads, a device ( speed governor) will cut off the fuel to the engine and the vehicle will come to a sudden halt,\" he said. The speed limit will ensure the safety of school children.A notification in this respect is likely to be issued by the department on Friday.Speed governors in school buses will come into effect from May 1, operators of school buses will have to get installed before the date or face stringent action from RTO officials . The penalty could be suspension of permits, sources said.Sharma said that it was necessary to have speed limits for heavy transport vehicles. \"We are restricting the speed between 50 to 65 kmph depending upon the the make of vehicle and the nature of service,'' he stated. \"This is being done in the interest of passenger security and those of pedestrians and fellow motorists,'' he added.The speed limits for tourist buses will be around 65 kmph while that of dumpers and trucks will be around 50 kmph. For trucks/dumpers, the rule is likelyt to come into effect from July 1, while for tourist buses providing point-to-point (inter-city) service, the new rule could be implemented from September 1, sources said.Said Sharma, \"The transport department has been encouraging passenger-friendly services. About a fortnight ago, we issued a notification making e-meters compulsary for autos. Two autos are already fitted with the meters and other will follow soon.\"We also want to introduce high security registration number plates across the state. The matter is before the court,'' he said. The new number plates will have holograms, which can be scanned by a hand-held device and the RTO can get details of any vehicle on-the-spot. There is already a mobile service through which RTO can access records of any vehicle by punching the registration number on their handsets.As for school buses, the RTO wants every owner/driver to implement the norms mentioned under the state school bus policy. The School Bus Operators Association is, however, demanding that there should be a \"fixed\" policy and had recently gone on a day's strike in protest. \"It is not fair to go on strike. They cannot blackmail us by going off the roads. Also, it shows how insensitive these bus operators are towards school students,'' Sharma added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12289715", "title": "The 'Masala' road trip's gonna be a spicy affair: Girish Kulkarni", "text": "The National Award announcement (Best Actor in Deool) had put the schedule of Girish Kulkarni's next film on the backburner.\"But, now I am back to what I love doing best - acting and writing in films. My next film Masala is all set for release on April 20 and I am busy with the promotion of this film.\" Speaking about the unique 'Maasla bus' that's touring different parts of Maharashtra, Girish says with a smile, \"This kind of publicity has never been done before for a Marathi film. The stars of the film and people concerned with this film, we all, are touring all over Maharashtra. After Mumbai, Pune, Aurangabad, Nasik we planned the Vidarbha circuit - which will include Nagpur, Amravati, Akola Yavatmal etc. We do make last minute changes, but the idea is to make people aware about our film and take our film to the people. Because unless you promote a film very well, how will our Marathi audience know about it and b compelled to watch it in the theatres?\"Ask him about Masala and its interesting title and Girish says, \"It's a road trip that is masaledaar (spicy). The film's about a couple (Amruta Subhash and I) and the journey they undertake. As they meet people along the way, their perception about so many things in life changes and they change because of it! In fact, that's why we thought of the name Masala.The masala we use is homogenous, but it's made of different ingredients who lose their individual identity in the final product, but without them the final product would be bland. It's these little intrinsic things that we touch upon in our film. Hopefully, like Valu, Vihir and Deool, the audiences will lap up this one too!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12289731", "title": "Sambhavna in Tollywood's item song", "text": "Mallika Sherawat shook her booty when Ritu Pathak crooned \"Jalebi Bai\" for Bollywood flick \"Double Dhamaal\". Cut to Tollywood and the singer has recently lent her voice to \"O amar rosik nagor/ O amar premer nagor\" for Sanjay Banerjee's \" Gundaraj\".According to the director, this is Ritu's \"first Bengali song\". The firsts, however, don't stop there. \" Bigg Boss\" participant Sambhavna Seth has also set foot in Tollywood with this item song.The director, who was busy canning the shots with Sambhavna on Thursday, said, \"This song is important as a murder happens once the song gets over. The rest of the cast include Raja and Megha in the lead apart from Shakti Kapoor and Kaushik Banerjee to name a few.\"When asked why they zeroed in on Sambhavna, Sanjay reasoned, \"We wanted someone who has not worked in Kolkata. Satabdidi had already shot with Rakhi Sawant . Hence, we wanted Sambhavna for the item song in this film which has a generous dose of action and romance.\" Sanjay had gone to Mumbai to record the song when he spoke to Sambhavna. \"She took interest and that's how things fell into place,\" he added. Composed by Bidyut Goswami, the number has been choreographed by Arun.Sambhavna, on her part, was super-busy trying to wrap up the shoot as she had to leave on Friday morning. \"I touched down on Wednesday night and was up and running at 5 am on Thursday,\" she said, adding, \"This is my first Bengali number and I am superexcited. But this will definitely not be my last here. I hope that countless such offers come my way.\"Interestingly, the dancer always wanted to visit the city. She was here seven to eight years back with Johnny Lever . \"The prospect of shooting in Kolkata got me excited,\" she revealed.Talking about the shoot, she added, \"I did not rehearse for it. I am good with the language. So, when I am grooving to the track, I manage to lipsync right. But later if you ask me about the lyrics, I won't be able to remember.\" Having shot for a \"Bichua\" song in \" Qayamat Hi Qayamat\", Sambhavna is sure that her dancing will take her far.Having wrapped up the shoot, she expressed the desire to polish off an entire Bengali thali. \"I can't eat while dancing. But yes, I have had luchi and lyangcha from this Bengali outlet in Mumbai and I want to dig into the same here apart from the yummy rosogollas. I've heard a lot about the saris of Bengal and wish to pick up a few,\" Sambhavna added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "12286205", "title": "Overpopulation leading to deer deaths in Barang: Forest department", "text": "KEONJHAR: Safety of deer in Anandpur wildlife division has become a major cause of concern following death of two animals in the last two months. Forest department sources said the population of deer in Barang reserve forest within the division has become extremely high with more than 200 deer living in 1200-hectare area. This forces the deer to come out of the forest to nearby villages and get attacked by stray dogs and human beings.The latest death occurred on last Saturday after a deer, which was attacked by stray dogs, succumbed to injuries. S Sahu, the range officer of Deogaon, said, \"The wild deer died under treatment. It had sustained injuries in the throat and had one leg fractured.\"\"Many deer deaths go unreported. More than two dozen injured deer have been rescued and released in the forest after treatment in the last two years,\" said Satrughna Sahu, an environmentalist.Locals alleged that the forest officials were doing little to protect the wild deer. Sources said there were hundreds of spotted deer living in the Barang reserve forest located on the Keonjhar-Jajpur border. The government has not taken any step for the preservation of the species.\"We have been demanding that the reserve forest be declared a deer sanctuary, but in vain,\" wild life lovers said.There are about 20 densely populated villages around the Barang reserve forest. To protect the wild deer, five watchmen had been deployed some time ago, but that proved to be ineffectual.The forest department claimed they were spreading awareness among the local Vana Surakshya Samiti (VSS) members and local people about protection of wild deer, besides deploying watchmen and providing water and fodder in the forest area. An official added that the department had also started vaccination of domestic animals in the surrounding villages to check infection to wild animals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12285922", "title": "Railway officials examine coaching yard", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The railway officers inspected the railway premises near Smith Road on Thursday and examined the coaching yard. The officers of the carriage and wagon were present during the inspection.The railway officers went to the site to examine offices, shed which would be transferred to this place following construction of a new platform at the Civil Lines side of the Allahabad railway junction.Senior divisional mechanical engineer ( Carriage and Wagon) AK Dwivedi along with senior officers of the railways were present during the inspection time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12285830", "title": "\u2018All Pawars not related to NCP leader\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Having the surname 'Pawar' does not mean the person is related to Union minister Sharad Pawar , said the Bombay HC on Thursday, while rapping a litigant for making allegations against the NCP leader's brother.A division bench of Justice P B Majmudar and Justice Ramesh Dhanuka was hearing a PIL filed by ex-journalist Ketan Tirodkar, alleging that several of Pawar's relatives received flats under the CM's quota in last 20 years. The observation followed an application by Pawar's brother, Pratap Govindrao Pawar, stating he was \"shocked and surprised\" to find the report mentioning him as the beneficiary of a flat in Pune.Pawar's advocate, Subhash Jadhav, said that using the RTI Act, Pawar found that the flat had been given to his namesake. \"This Pratap Govindrao Pawar is someone else from Osmanabad and is not related to Sharad Pawar,\" said Jadhav.Tirodkar said, \"The entire name was same. I undertake to apologize to Pawar.\" Justice Majmudar, however, said, \"Because his surname is Pawar, you cannot say he is related to Sharad Pawar. Don't make allegations without verification.\" The judges added, \"This case is a glaring example as to how without verification such a bald reckless statement is made in the petition.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12290729", "title": "Asin goes global", "text": "Asin will speak at the Second Annual Change Makers ConclaveSouth siren Asin might not be going great guns in the Bollywood film industry, but the articulate actress is sure making a mark for herself as a public speaker.Word is out that Asin, who is currently shooting for Rohit Shetty's \"\"Bol Bachchan\"\" and is busy with the promotional activities of \"\"Housefull 2\"\" has been specially been invited by the U.S Counsel General Peter Haas to speak at the Second Annual Young Change Makers Conclave. The prestigious event which is hosted by the United Nations Information Center for India and the U.S Consulate, previously had speakers like Mr. Shashi Tharoor grace their podium.The beaming actress is said to be very excited about this prospect. This is not the first time that she has addressed such a platform. She was a speaker at the India Today Conclave in 2010 and had also spoken at the 'Lighting a Billion Lives' initiative by Novel Laureate, Dr Patchauri earlier. Let's hear it for this beauty with brains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12284957", "title": "CPT unveils Willingdon Island redevelopment projects", "text": "KOCHI: The Cochin Port Trust (CPT) has unveiled a plan to utilize its 385.82ha land on Willingdon Island for setting up various projects.In addition to the 40.9ha of land it had identified here for port side operations, CPT plans to set up a logistics park, a ship repair yard and a Free Trade Warehousing Zone (FTWZ) in another 104.07ha here.The proposed land redevelopment projects will require CPT to free land presently leased out to tenants involved in port-related activities.The proposed logistics park is to come up at 44.8ha north of Willingdon Island adjacent to the coal stack yard and close to the Port Users' Complex. A portion of the park may be allotted for storing coal and timber depending on the future traffic to the port. Functionally, the area identified for Port Users' Complex will also be part of the logistics park.The 10.12ha of land west to Port Users' Complex will be used for Container Freight Services (CFS) operations.As per the proposal, the Port Users' Complex will accommodate offices of shipping agents, banks, stevedores, shipping lines and other maritime-related services.The ship repair yard will come up in the 18ha to the east of Mattancherry channel. It will house a dry dock, container repair yard and supply base for commercial ships. These facilities will be in addition to the existing dry dock, which will continue to remain operational. It will include the departmental ship repair facility, the land surrendered by the FCI and the existing timber yard. It is also proposed to enlarge the repair jetty here to a length of 185 meter from the current 86 meters. A FTWZ will come up at southern end of the Island. It is envisaged to provide separate spaces for sea food, cashew, tea and general warehousing, empty container yard, open storage, roads and green areas. The authorities have identified 41.27ha of land for the purpose.There is also a plan to develop a business district and hospitality node in areas (22.38ha) beyond the bridges that connect the main land to the Island. As this land cannot be used for primary port activities, it is proposed to set up five star hotels, convention centres, commercial complexes, open shopping area and public spaces in the CRZ belt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12288963", "title": "Fardeen to be poster boy for KEM\u2019s deaddiction programme", "text": "KEM hospital's path-breaking methadone maintenance treatment, that will help doctors wean addicts off drugs, is set to start today.Actor Fardeen Khan who received detoxification treatment at the Parel hospital in November will now be the hospital's poster boy for the project.The new treatment solution uses a methadone as a replacement drug. The hospital has procured 128 kg of the drug and has sought help from the police for securing it.The drug has been kept under lock and key in a separate room, and only three persons have been authorized to access it.Dr Shubhangi Parkar, head of KEM's Psychiatry Department, said, \"We decided to call Fardeen Khan to become the face of the project as he had come here for cocaine detoxification. He was regular with his treatments and we believe that with a celebrity face, the stigma associated with rehabilitation will go and more people will be comfortable stepping forward to receive treatment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12285776", "title": "Akhilesh takes oath, city chokes", "text": "LUCKNOW: After the coronation of Akhilesh Yadav as UP's youngest chief minister, Samajwadi Party workers spilled all over the city creating traffic bottlenecks at important crossings.There was a major jam at Civil Hospital on park Road. Traffic crawled for about 40 minutes on the 500 metres stretch (starting 5 Kalidas Marg square and ending at secondary education department). The attendants and visitors at the Civil Hospital were caught in the jam.The jam occurred because a large number of SUVs of SP leaders were haphazardly parked on Park Road. Similar bottlenecks were seen along the Mahatma Gandhi Marg, VVIP guest house and Hazratganj. Due to these jams, traffic between Charbagh and Nishatganj got blocked for hours. Some people were forced to park their vehicles in Narhi and adjoining areas to reach Hazratganj and Sikandar Bagh.Long traffic jams were also reported from Dalibagh, Gokhale Marg, Mirabai Marg and Sikandar Bagh. Traffic snarl was also witnessed at Jagran Crossing. \"This was unexpected and uncalled for. SP workers didn't realise what a bad image they were putting up of their promising CM,\" said advocate Harish Kumar Khanna. Women too were disappointed with this unwanted show of strength. \"SP supporters were driving recklessly. They were raising slogans in support of their leader without considering that it could be causing inconvenience to others,\" said Bina Mishra, a housewife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12291997", "title": "Budget 2012-13: Common tax code on the anvil for service tax, excise duty", "text": "NEW DELHI: On the lines of the proposed Direct Taxes Code (DTC), the government plans to come out with a Common Tax Code (CTC) for service tax and central excise duty to harmonise the two indirect levies.\"I propose to set up a study team to examine the possibility of a common tax code for Service Tax and Central Excise which could be adopted to harmonise the two legislations as much as possible at the right time,\" finance minister Pranab Mukherjee said in the Budget 2012-13.The government also proposed raising the rates of service tax and excise duty to 12 per cent from the current 10 per cent level.Pointing out that Service Tax law is complex and sometimes avoidably different from Central Excise, Mukherjee said \"we need to bring the two as close as possible in the light of our eventual goal of transition to GST (Goods and Services Tax)\".\"I have attempted to address both these issues this year,\" he added.While the GST Bill is currently being studied by a parliamentary standing committee, the structure of GST Network (GSTN) has been approved by the Empowered Committee of State Finance Ministers. It will be set up as a National Information Utility and become operational by August 2012.\"The GSTN will implement common PAN-based registration, returns filing and payments processing for all States on a shared platform,\" Mukherjee said, adding that the use of PAN as a common identifier in both direct and indirect taxes, \"will enhance transparency and check tax evasion\".Mukherjee further said as a measure of harmonisation between Central Excise and Service Tax, a number of alignments have been made.\"These include a common simplified registration form and a common return for Central Excise and Service Tax, to be named EST-1. This common return will comprise only one page, which will be a significant reduction from the 15 pages of the two returns at present,\" he said.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12288945", "title": "Google to hire Digg founder Kevin Rose", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Google Inc, the world's largest Web-search provider, is hiring Kevin Rose , the founder of news-aggregation service Digg Inc, according to a person with knowledge of the matter.The move follows Rose's announcement yesterday that he is shutting down the main product made by Milk, his mobile- application company. His hiring by Google was previously reported by the AllThingsDigital technology blog.Google is stepping up its effort on social networking as it vies for internet advertising revenue with Facebook Inc. Last year, the company unveiled the Google+ service, which has similar functions as Facebook. With his background in consumer Web companies, Rose may bolster Google+, said Jeremiah Owyang , an analyst at San Mateo , California-based Altimeter Group.\"It's important to have the company focused when the imminent threat of Facebook is at hand,\" Owyang told Bloomberg's Tech Deals blog. \"The product is not fully baked. That's why they need people who can understand the technologies.\"Rose's Digg, founded in 2004, gained attention as a place for people to rate news stories. Milk's Oink product, an app that lets people review items such as food or furniture, is being shut down less than six months after the product was started.Jordan Newman, a spokesman for Mountain View, California-based Google, declined to comment.Google shares rose less than 1 per cent to $621.13 at the close in New York . The stock has fallen 3.8 per cent this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12284890", "title": "Another swine flu death in city", "text": "PUNE: A 51-year-old man from Katraj died of swine flu at a city hospital on Thursday, taking the death toll from the contagion since April last year to two in Pune district and five in the state. The deceased, Shrikant Shinde, had been in the isolation ICU of Bharati hospital for the last 10 days, said city health chief S T Pardeshi. \"He had tested positive for the pandemic H1N1 virus on March 5. He had no associated illness and co-morbid condition. He died at 3.15 pm on Thursday,\" he said.State epidemiologist Pradip Awate, however, maintained that there was no reason to panic, saying one or two cases would continue to be seen periodically.Meanwhile, another patient was put on ventilator support at the Deenanath Mangeshkar Hospital on Thursday. The number of critically ill patients in the district has now gone up to six. Three patients are being treated in city hospitals while three have been admitted to different hospitals in Pimpri Chinchwad.Around February 21, Shinde showed typical symptoms like mild fever, cough with expectoration and mild breathlessness. He consulted a doctor at a private hospital in Bibvewadi and was admitted on February 28. His X-ray report showed a bilateral pneumonic patch. Shinde's condition worsened following which doctors put him on Tamiflu from February 28.Since Shinde's fever would not go down, his throat swab was sent to a private lab for testing on March 3. The swab report found him positive for the H1N1 infection on March 5. He was shifted to Bharati hospital on March 6 where the Tamiflu doses continued.\"His condition worsened over the last two days. His kidneys failing and he had to undergo haemodialysis twice. Besides, he was given medicines to stabilize his blood pressure. Shinde suffered multi-organ failure,\" said paediatrician Sanjay Lalwani, medical director of Bharati Hospital.Shinde was in a critical condition as he had developed acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) and had been on ventilator support since his admission, said Lalwani. Besides, due to secondary bacterial infection, he had also developed septicemia, which is a serious medical condition characterised by inflammation of the body. It is caused by bacteria which enter the bloodstream.On Wednesday,Kanta Sarode (48) succumbed to the H1N1 infection, becoming the first swine flu victim in Pune district since April 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "12284150", "title": "Bhupinder Singh Hooda khap bans DJs in marriage processions", "text": "ROHTAK: A prominent khap panchayat of the region -- Hooda khap -- has banned the use of DJs in marriage processions in 45 villages, including the native village of Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda .Hooda khap pradhan Ramkaran Hooda said that the playing of DJs and consumption of liquor in marriages had been completely banned in all these villages belonging to their khap. \"We won't allow processions on the occasion of marriages, accompanied by DJs, as these lead to clashes in villages. However, DJs can be stationed at one designated place in the village but vulgar songs would not be allowed,\" he added.The pradhan said that a general body meeting held at the khap chabutara in Basantpur village on Wednesday had assigned the task of implementation of the new set of rules to the newly set up social welfare committee.Ramkaran Hooda, who had been appointed working president of the committee, said that extravagant marriage functions were a huge burden not only on the poor but even the well-to-do families, who too felt the pinch in competition to surpass each other in ostentation.\"The panchayat has put a limit of maximum 50 baratis who can come with the groom to the bride's home for wedding ceremony. A large number of baratis increases the expenditure of the host. Secondly, not more than 10 members of a family would go on engagement ceremony of the girl\", he said.The president of the committee, Shrikishan Hooda, who is an advocate, said that the committee would also coordinate with police to curb the menace of female feticide, child marriage, dowry harassment and domestic violence. \"The committee members have been asked to tip-off the police on finding any such incidents in their villages and we would extend legal help to the victims\", he said.He maintained that they had got their committee registered as an NGO and set up headquarters at the khap office in Basantpur village. \"Presently, we have 50 members comprising office-bearers and executive committee. Every resident of 45 village, belonging to any caste or community, could be active member of this committee\", he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12283172", "title": "'Leaving certificate issued to instill fear in schoolboy'", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after TOI reported about a Class IX student of St Elias High School in Khar slapping his school principal in a fit of rage, school authorities said that the student has been issued a leaving certificate . However, the principal told TOI that this was done just to scare the child and make him realize his mistake and that the school will call him back after he apologises to the principal for his action.\"He demanded for the LC himself and that's why we issued the certificate. The student's parents as well as some relatives have already apologized to me but the student still hasn't. We will call the student and his parents on Friday and after he apologises, we will re-admit him,\" said the principal. She also added that her eardrums were ruptured after the incident and the management took such a step against the student to ensure that no other student repeats such an action again.The student's mother, however, told TOI that the principal had enraged her son by slapping him in front of the entire class. \"I agree that what my son did was wrong and he should be punished but why issue a leaving certificate? I met the principal on Wednesday and apologized for my son's actions but she refused to acknowledge our request. I don't know what to do now,\" said the mother. The student, a resident of Khar, lives with his mother. His father died in 2002.Meanwhile, educationists and psychiatrists across the city say that there is an increasing incidence of aggressive behaviour by students in schools. While teachers and school managements complain about not being able to deal with unruly kids, psychiatrists point out that teachers need to be trained to identify such behaviour early.\"Increasingly, children are suffering from something called the intermittent explosive disorder in which they don't know how or where to vent out their frustration. They store too many problems in their memory and end up acting out without thinking,\" said psychologist Seema Hingorrany. She also added it is important for teachers to play the role of a counsellor as well.The Right to Education Act bans any kind of physical or mental harassment to children, but teachers say that parents and children have become extremely 'sensitive', and even the slightest reprimand gets blown out of proportion. \"Some children are so aggressive that I know of many teachers who are scared of their students. They don't even complain against such students as they fear the consequences,\" said a teacher of a south Mumbai school. Some teachers also added that with very little skills at hand, it becomes difficult to help children with aggressive behaviour. \"Some children a very wild and unless we know what is affecting them, we can't help them. Sometime it helps to share a friendly rapport with the student but there's only so much that we can do as teachers,\" said Swaleha Khan, teacher at St Joseph's High School in Colaba.Psychiatrists are hoping that more schools will now take counselling seriously and train their teachers to identify and deal with high-risk cases in their classrooms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "milan", "code": "12289294", "title": "Logitech to appoint Whirlpool\u2019s Darrell as CEO", "text": "MILAN: Logitech International SA said Bracken P Darrell will succeed Guerrino De Luca as chief executive officer next year as the world's biggest maker of computer mice seeks to revamp its products.Darrell, 49, is joining the company from Whirlpool Corp, where he has been president for the Europe, Middle East and Africa region, Morges, Switzerland-based Logitech said in a statement today.The proliferation of tablet computers that aren't controlled by mice has eroded Logitech's traditional desktop and notebook business. The company hasn't been able to exceed its peak annual sales set in 2008, which led De Luca to take the CEO position on an interim basis in July, replacing Gerald Quindlen. De Luca previously held the role for 10 years between 1998 and 2008, a period when revenue rose each year.Darrell \"brings a solid experience with various consumer oriented companies,\" Michael Foeth, an analyst at Bank Vontobel wrote in a note to investors. \"He will need to build a track record with Logitech to gain investor confidence.\"The executive will join the company on April 9 and initially oversee research and development, sales and marketing, manufacturing, supply chain, information technology, human resources and legal functions, reporting to De Luca.Career history Before joining Whirlpool in 2008, Darrell was with Procter &amp; Gamble Co for 12 years, most recently as president of the Braun business. He has also worked for General Electric Co and PepsiCo Inc.In January, Logitech cut full-year forecasts for the third time. It reduced its sales forecast for the fiscal year ending March 31 to about $2.3 billion, with operating income predicted at about $60 million.\"Logitech is still in the process of reshaping its product portfolio and we see no major trigger until the FY13 guidance in April and the back-to-school business in August,\" Foeth said.Logitech stock, which has declined 57 per cent in the past year, dropped 0.4 per cent to 7.19 Swiss francs as of 10:48 a.m. in Zurich trading.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12283607", "title": "Ready to conduct civic polls, Puducherry govt tells HC", "text": "CHENNAI: Announcing that the Union territory of Puducherry is ready to conduct the local body elections, the territorial administration told the Madras high court on Thursday that an election officer has been appointed too.A submission was made by T Murugesan, government pleader of Puducherry, when a PIL seeking that civic polls be conducted in Puducherry came up for hearing before the first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam on Thursday.Murugesan informed the bench that an IAS officer , Uddipta Ray, has been appointed election commissioner to conduct the polls, which would be held within next six months. The PIL, filed by Puducherry CPI (M) secretary, V Perumal, said the election commissioner's post had been lying vacant since 2007. The last local elections were held in Puducherry in 2006 after a high court order.Authorities preferred not to appoint a commissioner, which \"itself is illegal,\" PIL said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "kidwai nagar", "code": "12284661", "title": "Deepa's daughters go by tradition", "text": "KIDWAI NAGAR: Miles away from their native state, Shruti and Shreya Nambiar keep the family's cultural tradition going as they haven't missed even a single day of Bharatnatyam practice since the last two years. The sisters have been following the foot-steps of their mother Deepa Nambiar, who herself teaches Bharatnatyam and even sings.Nine-year-old Shruti is in Class IV while eight-year-old Shreya is a Class II student at the St Thomas School. They take their dancing lessons at the Saroj Khan Dance Academy in the city at present. Shruti even made it to the finals of a dancing competition at the academy. She was given a Rs 100 note by Saroj Khan as a token of love and admiration.The sisters are not just good with their classical dancing but are even at the top in academics and sports at the school. Shreya recently won a gold-medal in athletics at her school. \"I am proud to have such daughters as they are quite good with academics as well apart from all the other stuff they participate in. They secured 92 per cent marks in their last examination,'' says Deepa.Deepa, who gave the preliminary lessons in Bharatnatyam to her daughters, says she was delighted when Saroj Khan admired her daughter's dancing skills. Shruti, who also caps her school kho-kho team, says, \"I want to become a pilot, but I will always continue dancing and singing.'' Shreya, on the other hand, whispers to her mother her wish of becoming a doctor. But, Deepa believes her younger daughter could make it big in the dancing circuit, if she is groomed well.Apart from working as a receptionist, Deepa runs a dance academy of her own, where she has 12 students learning Bharatnatyam. Deepa says the interest towards performing arts came in her family from her father, who was a classical singer himself and inspired her to learn the art. a??a??I am sure my daughters would carry the family's tradition forward. I want them to achieve whatever they wish to and more than what I ever could,'' says an emotional mother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12284948", "title": "Sampath case sleuth found dead", "text": "KOCHI: A CBI officer, who investigated the Sampath custodial death case involving top police officials, was found dead under mysterious circumstances at his residence in Njarackkal police station limits on Thursday evening.The deceased, assistant commissioner of police P G Haridatt, 51, was attached to the CBI's Thiruvananthapuram unit.Sampath was the prime accused Sheela murder case registered at Puthoor in Palakkad. He died in police custody in March 2010, and the high court later handed over the case to CBI.Police said Haridatt's wife Nisha found his body hanging from a ceiling fan in the bedroom around 5 pm. Besides wife, the officer is survived by a son.Investigators found a note, with a few names scribbled, from the bedroom. They suspect that the officer had committed suicide.The body was shifted to Njarackkal government hospital for post-mortem. Haridatt was on medical leave for the past few weeks.Police said they had registered a case and were investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12285803", "title": "SP ministry tarred in taint, no stamp of Akhilesh", "text": "LUCKNOW: Till Wednesday, there were expectations that Akhilesh would control the distribution of key cabinet berths in the state. Thursday's oath-taking , though, came as a dampener, with most of the 19 cabinet ministers sworn in as part of his team being old Mulayam loyalists. The only saving grace was in the choice of state ministers, which saw the induction of Abhishek Mishra - a former IIM professor and son of Mulayam 'loyalist' bureaucrat Jai Shankar Misra.If Akhilesh's stamp was missing in the selection of ministers, eyebrows were raised, in particular, over the decision to include Raghuraj Pratap Singh aka Raja Bhaiyya, the Independent MLA from Kunda. Though the portfolio allotted to Raja Bhaiyya was not announced on Thursday, his induction into the state cabinet evoked widespread adverse reaction from masses as well as some sections of the Samajwadi Party. Throughout his election campaign , Akhilesh Yadav had maintained that SP would distance itself from all criminal elements and musclemen . Allotting a cabinet berth to Raja Bhaiyya, therefore, appears to have diluted the new CM's stance against reining in the musclemen culture. Addressing his first press conference after taking oath as CM, Akhilesh was at pains to defend the decision. He said: \"He (Raja Bhaiyya) has already been sent to jail for what he did.''Though the lobby against Raja Bhaiyya was the loudest, other persons with criminal antecedents have also found a place in Akhilesh's team. Over eight out of 19 persons inducted into the cabinet on Thursday have criminal records; raising, once again, questions about the extent of Akhilesh's say in the selection of his team. Parts of a party cadre are also believed to be disappointed with Akhilesh for not being given a free hand in the appointment of ministers.So far as other ministers facing criminal cases, Shiv Pal Singh Yadav and Azam Khan may be the tallest politicians amongst the Samajwadis but they, too, face five and two cases respectivelty. Raja Ram Pandey who contested from Vishwanathganj in Pratapgarh district has three criminal cases, including rioting with deadly arm, against his name.The list of state minister is too flooded with such cases. Here, Mehboob Ali who contested from Amroha in JP Nagar tops amongst all with 15 criminal cases, including , attempt to murder, kidnapping, robbery and illegal payments in connection with elections, registered against his name.Then, there is Chitaranjan Swaroop , Shankhlal Majhi, Kailash Chaurasia and Arvind Singh Gope who have between three and four cases registered against their name.According to ADR report compiled for all the elected MLAs, 189 out of 403 MLAs (47%) have a declared criminal cases against them. Out of these 189 MLAs with declared criminal cases against them, 98 MLAs (24%) have declared serious criminal cases against them.In 2007 assembly elections for the whole of Uttar Pradesh, out of 403 MLAs, 140 (35%) MLAs had declared criminal cases against themselves. Of this 78 (19.35%) had declared serious criminal cases against them.In fact, of the top three MLAs with maximum number of serious cases, two were from the Samajwadi Party. Mitra Sen from Bikapur constituency is facing 36 criminal cases, including 14 cases related to murder; and Ram Veer Singh who contested from Jasrana has 18 criminal cases including eight charges related to murder. But they have not been included in the cabinet.The incumbent chief minister's stamp, in fact, was also nearly missing in the selection of state ministers . Apart from Misra, who was regarded as part of the original Team Akhilesh, no other prominent youth faces have been inducted. Among the only youth grassroots level worker appointed as state minister is Kamal Akhtar, who is MLA from Hasanpur in Jyotiba Phule Nagar. Most other MLAs who were handpicked by Akhilesh ahead of the elections have, however, been given a miss. While Aruna Kumari Kori's candidature also fits into the youth category, the selection, party sources said, was done more in order to appease communities and caste equations than in keeping with Akhilesh's youth image.New CM vows to weed out corruptionDefending the induction of Raghuraj Pratap Singh alias Raja Bhiayya in his cabinet despite earlier assurances that MLAs with criminal antecedents will not form part of government, chief minister Akhilesh Singh Yadav on Thursday reiterated that his party was committed to weed out corruption in UP and implement the party's manifesto in toto. Addressing his first press conference after taking oath as chief minister, Akhilesh had a tough time facing some pointed questions from the media but managed to steer through with some witty remarks. \"To begin, I thank the people of Uttar Pradesh once again for reposing faith in Samajwadi Party and me.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12284686", "title": "Rishi Nagar parks to go greener", "text": "LUDHIANA: It's not often that one gets to see residents take active part in the management and maintenance of their locality. But the residents of E-Block of Rishi Nagar, are among the few who take an active interest. Leading the way to make a positive change in their surroundings, a group of about 30 women in the area have changed the fate of four public parks with their hardwork and dedication.Dr Amita Whig, president of Rishi Nagar E-Block Park Association, said, \"In 2005, women from 10 families started an initiative to maintain and look after the public parks in the area. We collected Rs 100 each and some even contributed more, while others donated plants.\"She adds, \"As time went by this number grew to 18 and at present the number of women contributing money for maintenance of four parks, including the E-block big park, is about 32. Each of us contribute Rs 150 for the maintenance of four parks in the block.\"Amrita says, \" Three years back we got some financial help from the improvement trust for the maintenance of these parks. At present, we are getting around Rs 23,000 every five to six months for the upkeep of these parks. We have kept four part time gardeners for maintenance and they work atleast two to three hours in a day on each park. Besides, we personally monitor the maintenance of these parks.\"\"I thank all the residents especially general secretary of our association Kavita Bhalla, treasurer Pinky Jain and Sneh Balkar for their unconditional support for changing the fate of these parks,\"says Amrita.\"Our parks boast of a huge variety of ornamental green plants and seasonal flowers. The main park of the locality has ornamental green plants including pine trees, silver oaks, bougainvillea, bottle palm, areca palm, fish palm, peepal tree and banyan tree. We also have about 100 rose plants in the main park, besides morning glory and golden shower creepers. Seasonal flowers including sweet williams, stalk, lilies, phlox, marigold, canditufts, orchids and hollyhock, add to the beauty of these parks.Sunanda Jain, a homemaker and resident of E Block, Rishi Nagar, who lives in the vicinity of the main park, says, \"I feel that Amrita and other members need to be honoured for making the parks green and clean. We feel proud to have the best managed parks in the city. I love to walk in the park and be in the company of nature.\"Sadhna Aggarwal, a homemaker, says, \"No change happens without making an effort. We made an effort and changed our surroundings. These parks should serve as role models for Ludhianvis, teaching them to make a difference themselves rather than waiting for the civic bodies to do the same.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12285183", "title": "Too young to go to school", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has sought explanation from the education department on admission granted to children below three years in pre-primary schools. As per the state government's circular, no school can admit a kid below three years of age.The guideline issued in 1996 by the government provides that at the time of admission in pre-primary school (balmandir or nursery); the child should not be less than three years on or before August 31 of the respective year. But a PIL which has come to be filed in HC on Thursday highlighted that the practice is widely prevalent that schools admit kids who do not even attain the age of three.Petitioner's counsel Bhunesh Rupera contended that admitting kids in school at a very early age causes ill-effects on their mental and physical development. Several representations were made before education department and district education officer to curb the practice, but authorities have not paid any heed. The PIL has sought HC directions that could prevent admission of kids below three in pre-primary school.The petitioner also cited examples of certain schools that admit kids below three years of age. Acting on this PIL, a bench of acting chief justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and justice J B Pardiwala issued notice to the state government asking it to file reply within 15 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12283375", "title": "Fire &amp; ice weather has city in tizzy", "text": "MUMBAI: Those who woke up in the wee hours of Wednesday morning may have felt slight chill in the air. But many Mumbaikars traveling in the afternoon could feel the heat pricking on their skins. Within the span of about eight hours, the mercury levels saw a difference of more than 21 degrees on Wednesday.On Wednesday, the minimum temperature recorded by Santa Cruz was 16.2 degree Celsius, while the day-time temperature rose to 37.5 degree Celsius-marking a difference of 21.3 degrees. Any difference above 15 degrees within a day is difficult for human body to adjust to, say experts. The maximum temperature in Santa Cruz was four degrees above normal, while the minimum was four degrees below normal.The minimum temperature recorded by Colaba was 20.9 degree Celsius, while the maximum was 35.5 degree Celsius. The weather department blames the winds hitting the city for the fluctuations. \"The temperature in the city is decided by the direction of the winds that hit the city. At night, currently the city is being affected by northerly winds. There is also a little effect of the Western Disturbance, which has passed from the northern plains of the country. The temperatures at night thus dipped. However, the sea breeze did not set in even till afternoon, because of which the temperatures rose,\" said V K Rajeev, director of weather forecast, Indian Meteorological Department ( IMD), Mumbai.Explaining the phenomenon, Rajeev said that the sea breeze helps in controlling the rising temperature. \"Everyday the sea breeze sets in early. Since these winds are cooler, they keep the temperatures in check. On Wednesday, the sea breeze did not set in till noon, by which time, the temperatures had already rose to maximum..\"The moisture, says the weather department, can help decrease the temperature. But the humidity levels too, have been quite low. The morning relative humidity recorded by Colaba and Santa Cruz were 53% and 28%. The evening humidity levels were even lower with Colaba recording 39% and Santa Cruz recording 22%.For the next two days, the weather is likely to be on the warmer side, says the weather bureau. \"The minimum temperatures can be expected to rise by a degree or so. The northerly winds are going to continue to hit the city, but they are not likely to bring temperatures down,\" said Rajeev.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "12286262", "title": "Blood component separation unit for Koraput soon", "text": "KORAPUT: A blood component separation unit will soon be operational at the Koraput district headquarters hospital. The unit will also cater to the needs of patients from Rayagada, Malkangiri and Nabarangpur in southern Odisha.\"A blood separation component unit is very crucial as patients often need particular constituents of blood such as red blood cells, white blood cells, plasma and platelets. That way one unit of blood can be used for three to four patients, and the available blood can be used effectively,\" said Koraput chief district medical officer Nisikant Kar.\"Once it starts operating, the unit will be very much helpful for patients of the area. Besides, blood collected from donors can be stored for longer than 35 days at this unit,\" he added.Officials said the unit, which will be third of its kind in the state, will be constructed with funds under the Integrated Action Plan (IAP). An estimated Rs 1.54 crore has been allocated for it.According to Kar, while the medical colleges in Cuttack and Berhampur have such units, the unit in Koraput will be unique, as it will be independent from the existing Red Cross blood bank.\"The existing Red Cross blood bank and the blood component separation unit will operate as independent units here. All necessary preliminary works have been completed and construction works will begin soon,\" the CDMO said.\"Required blood separation apparatus will be purchased very soon and hopefully, the unit will start functioning in the next few months,\" he added.The Central government has provided an annual grant of Rs 30 crore to as many as 60 districts of the country affected by left-wing extremists for infrastructure development under the IAP in the financial year 2011-12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12284581", "title": "Cops draw a blank, SUV killer at large", "text": "BANGALORE: Four days after a woman driver ran over a labourer sleeping on the footpath in Kalyan Nagar, near Banaswadi, city traffic police are yet to trace her. The 37-year-old woman, reportedly from Mysore, drove an SUV over R Nagaraj, and injured four others in the early hours of Monday.\"We have deputed three inspectors to trace Mahi, alias P Manjula, a resident of Babusabpalya. One of the inspectors is thorough with the technical expertise to trace her mobile tower location. We have also sought the cooperation of the Central Crime Branch (CCB) of Mysore city to find out whether she lands up at her sister's house,\" said an investigating officer.As the investigation progressed, police have traced as many as 100 calls she made and received on Sunday and Monday. \"We have called all these people. One of her regular contacts in Mysore also told us he had no idea where she is. We spoke to several others from the city who were found on her call list, and the reply is in the negative,\" an officer supervising the investigation told TOI. He added that she made the last call from her mobile at 8.50pm ...., and had kept it switched off ever since.The police only know she is a divorcee and holds a valid licence to drive a car. \"But she rides a two-wheeler. It is difficult to drive a Toyota Fortuner without the knowledge of driving a four-wheeler,\" said the officer.Additional police commissioner (traffic) MA Saleem said it has become difficult to trace her because her mobile is switched off. \"We are using the mobile tracking software, but her mobile is switched off. If she changes the sim card but uses the same mobile, we can still find her,\" he said.OUT OF TOUCH WITH FAMILYCity traffic police have fanned out even to Mangalore, Chennai and Mumbai. \"Another big problem for us is that she hasn't been in touch with her sister and mother, staying in Ittigegud in Mysore, for the past three years. They have stated that she stopped contacting them, and hasn't visited them,\" an officer told TOI.Police are keeping all her contacts under watch to find out whether she had called them any time. \"We have spared nobody. They are all answerable if she speaks to them. They will also be involved in the case for protecting an offender,\" police warned.Manjula was driving the vehicle with an acquaintance, Ravi, around 4am Monday when she ran over Nagaraj, 24, a native of Raichur. The owner of the SUV she was driving is Raghavendra Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12283493", "title": "I would present the same budget again: Dinesh Trivedi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after proposing fare hike in the rail budget which has threatened his job, a defiant railway minister Dinesh Trivedi on Thursday said he would repeat the same if asked to present the budget again.Trivedi also said neither has he been contacted by Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee nor he has spoken to her yet.\"I would do the same if I am asked to present the budget again,\" Trivedi told reporters here.Trivedi has in his budget proposed upto 20 per cent passenger fare hike in the rail budget for 2012-13, inviting the wrath of Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee who has written Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to sack him. When it was pointed out that the fare hike proposals were contrary to his party's policy, he said \"I have done it for the Railways and the country...not for party. If I have to please my party, then I am not doing my work.\"On the possibility of fare hike rollback, Dinesh Trivedi said \"the budget is in Parliament and I will be guided by Parliament. Parliament will be guided by the wisodom of people.\"Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12286296", "title": "No Kingfisher in Kolkata skies for next 7 months", "text": "KOLKATA: Kingfisher Airlines is virtually winding up its operations in Kolkata, with no flights to and from the city listed on its ticketing system from March 25 till October. The airline's airport manager in Kolkata, A Girish, quit two days ago and Salim Chowdhury, who is posted in Hyderabad, has been flown down to manage the affairs for now.The airline used to operate five domestic and two international destinations from the city till mid-February when it suddenly withdrew services on February 18 following staff trouble and aircraft crunch. It first resumed ATR services to Bhubaneswar, Bagdogra, Aizwal and Dhaka on February 21 and then reconnected Mumbai and Bangkok with an Airbus A-320. The Kolkata-Delhi flight remained suspended.The ATR flights were once again suspended from Wednesday, March 14, after pilots went on strike. Though the A-320 services operated on Thursday, sources said the flights are likely to be grounded within 10 days. \"Passengers cannot book any flights from March 25. Unless the situation improves, all flights from the city are likely to be grounded after a week, if not earlier,\" a source said. The airline though has maintained that it has no intent to shut down operations and blamed the current scenario on the freezing of its bank accounts. Officials were, however, unwilling to comment on why Kolkata did not figure on its itinerary after March 25.Though senior Kingfisher officials had earlier said the carrier could not shut operations in Kolkata since it was the gateway to the northeast, it has effectively ceased operations to the region after grounding its sole ATR aircraft. Airline staff fear the A-320 aircraft that is now operating to Mumbai and Bangkok from Kolkata will be diverted to the more remunerative international sectors after discontinuing operations from Kolkata.With uncertainty shrouding the future of Kingfisher Airlines' operations in Kolkata, travel agents in the city are a worried lot with nearly Rs 20 crore blocked in the carrier's tickets.Travel Agents Federation of India chairman (east) Anil Punjabi said: \"Agents are anxious about the fate of the airline and also the refunds. Passengers are now hesitant to book flights in advance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12285681", "title": "Trivedi puts money on AC locals for city", "text": "MUMBAI: Another good news for Mumbaikars buried in the railway budget presented on Wednesday is that work has begun in right earnest to provide them with AC local trains.Railway minister Dinesh Trivedi has estimated a capital cost of Rs 9 crore for a 12-coach AC local train. Though the cost of actually designing and running the AC Electrical Multiple Unit (EMU) will be more than Rs 27 crore (the cost of a regular rake), the railway board has the power to allocate more funds for the muchawaited project within this financial year itself, depending on the pace of work. Trivedi announced a token contribution of Rs 1 lakh in his budget. Though negligible , the amount has taken the elusive dream of an AC local train from paper to reality, \"and signals a clear intent of the Railway Board to develop an AC EMU rake\" , said a senior official. Besides AC trains, several benefits for Mumbai and Maharashtra travellers emerged from the fine print .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12285786", "title": "Sahara Mall to shut pubs to refurbish battered image", "text": "GURGAON: Stung by the battering of its image after the gang rape of a pub employee and frequent brawls at its night clubs, the Sahara Mall management has decided to shut down these pubs . It will now lease out the spacetofamily restaurants and kidentertainmentzones .\"We will issue notices to pubs on lease and tell them to vacate the premises soon ,\" said Sahara Mall manager Mukul Shah .The mallhousessix pubs , threeof which areon lease .The management feels these pubs aredensof vice . Shah said most visitors are from nearby villages andcrowd profiling is rarely done . \"As mall developers , we cannot say no to a visitor . It is the responsibility of pubs to profile the crowd andstop stagentries .But due to stiff competition , all norms arethrown tothewind .\"On additional security , Shah said , \"Forty-two CCTV cameras have already been installed in the mall . We will install morecamerastokeep a tab on crowd . If these pubs don't shut on time , we will cut their power supply . Pub owners will also be required to maintain a guest list with I-card details which will be submitted to policeevery fortnight ,\"Shah said the geographical location of the mall is a disadvantage . \"Anything which happens on MG Road cannot be related to Sahara Mall . We are a pan-I ndia company and such incidents deal a big blow to our image ,\"he said .Many people have begun avoiding bars at Sahara Mall after rising incidence of brawls around the mall . \"I avoid visiting pubs at Sahara Mall . You just can't unwind there ,\" said Puneet Sharma , a senior sales consultantwith an MNC.Liquor vends that have come up around the mall are cause for more trouble . \"People drink outside these vends and pose a threat to women going outof the mall . Wehavewritten severaltimestothe administration to relocate the vends, but nothing hashappened .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12283656", "title": "Performance-based bonuses for babus soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government on Thursday said that it was working on guidelines through inter-departmental consultations to give performance-based incentives to its employees over and above their regular salary.\"The sixth Central Pay Commission (CPC) has recommended introduction of new performance based pecuniary benefit, over and above the regular salary, for government employees,\" MoS for department and personnel V Narayanasamy told the Rajya Sabha in a written reply.He said, \"The benefit will be called Performance Related Incentive Scheme (PRIS) and will be payable taking into account performance of employees during the period under consideration. The recommendation has been accepted by the government. Guidelines are being worked out through inter-departmental consultation.\"Though the fourth and fifth pay commissions had also recommended performance-based incentives for central government employees, the successive governments had not accepted it and put the proposal in cold storage due to the absence of any credible benchmark for measuring their performance.The UPA-II had, however, accepted the proposal of the sixth pay commission and asked a panel of secretaries last year to come out with a formula for disbursing incentives under the PRIS among employees of 62 central government departments. The CoS had met several times since then and been in the process of fine-tuning the guidelines.Responding to another question, Narayanasamy said that the Centre has amended All India Services Rules this year to enable the Central government to ask a (non-performing) member of the service to retire in public interest.\"The Central government may, in consultation with the state government concerned, require a Member of the Service to retire from service in public interest, after giving such Member at least three month's previous notice in writing or three month's pay and allowances,\" the minister said.The TOI had reported this in February.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12284131", "title": "Pre-budget meet: CM meets NGOs", "text": "JAIPUR: Chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Thursday met representatives of 70 non-government organizations (NGO) to discuss the state budget. The CM called the meeting to encourage the NGOs working in the state and to get their feedback on various social welfare schemes.\"Every year before the budget we take suggestions from NGOs and try to add them in the budget. To hike tax on tobacco, improvement in education and more centres for detoxification are some valuable advices given to us by them and we will surely consider them,\" said Gehlot.During the meeting with the chief minister, officials from the NGOs urged the government to take initiatives in the budget for the upliftment of women , minorities, Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribes. The NGOs also suggested allocating more funds for various schemes for the disabled, increase minimum wages, to make policies for artists and introduce other beneficial schemes for labourers in the unorganized sector.Gehlot told the NGOs about public welfare schemes initiated by the government. Praising the impact of Public Service Guarantee Act he said, \"Under this act we have disposed of applications of 26 lakh people. Rajiv Gandhi Seva Kendras and panchayat samitis have become instrumental in resolving various problems in the rural areas.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12283875", "title": "Medical emergency forces JetLite landing at Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: A flight from Mumbai to Kolkata carrying 110 passengers made an unscheduled halt at Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar International Airport on Thursday morning for a medical emergency. The flight landed after the relative of a cancer patient, Jemini Devi (55), complained that she was not moving a few seconds after complaining of giddiness. The passenger collapsed while she was being given primary treatment on board the aircraft.The 55-year old Jemini Devi, a resident of Imphal, Manipur, was returning to Kolkata with two relatives after cancer treatment at Tata Memorial Hospital in Mumbai.Sources at the airport said the commander of the JetLite Mumbai-Kolkata flight contacted Nagpur air traffic control at about 8.30am while passing through Nagpur airspace and sought permission to land due to medical emergency. At that time Jemini Devi was not responding to treatment given on board by crew members. The plane landed at the city airport at about 8.54am.As per standard operating procedure, a medical team from Orange City Hospital (OCHRI) and an ambulance was waiting at the airfield when the plane landed. Doctors boarded the aircraft to examine the passenger, sources informed. Later, Devi was shifted to Orange City Hospital for further medical treatment.This was the second such incident at the city airport in last four months. A Dhaka-bound flight carrying Hajj pilgrims had made an unscheduled landing after Abdul Aziz complained of severe chest pain on board. However, the passenger died before he could be administered treatment at Nagpur airport.A senior airport official said that while in Nagpur ATC air space the JetLite commander first said a passenger has suffered a heart attack. However, when she collapsed due to giddiness, her relatives on board said she was suffering from cancer and had finished treatment at Mumbai, and requested immediate medical help.Dr Rajesh Atal of OCHRI said Jemini Devi had been treated at Tata Memorial Hospital, Mumbai, for cancer of gall bladder. \"The patient required some emergency care and so we shifted her to hospital with permission from her relatives,\" he said.The JetLite crew members and patient's relatives took the decision to admit Devi in Nagpur and take her to Kolkata and from there to Imphal after she had recovered. The flight left for Kolkata at around 10.38pm, airport officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12288918", "title": "Pulkit Samrat and Amita Pathak at daggers drawn", "text": "Debutant Pulkit Samrat and his leading lady Amita Pathak don't speak to one another. We're used to hearing cooked-up stories of affairs between two newcomers working together-the latest being the utterly fabricated liaison between Prateik and Amy Jackson during Ek Deewana Tha.It therefore comes as a pleasant jolt to know that the two newcomers Pulkit Samrat and Amita Pathak, were so much at war with one another during the shooting of their film together Bittoo Boss that they had to be literally separated from one another before they things got worse.The whole unit of Bittoo Boss is abuzz with the stories of hostility between the two.Apparently during the shoot recently the pair at loggerheads throughout the film, got into a heated argument.Says a member of the crew, \"Amita Pathak is the producer Kumar Mangat's daughter. She was used to being pampered by the entire unit. She knows each one of them by name and treats them like family. In walked this cocky Johnny-come-lately the film's hero Pulkit Samrat who was not only playing the title role but also turned out to be a natural-born charmer in person.\"Apparently within the first few days of shooting Pulkit won over the entire unit, a fact that didn't go unnoticed with Amita.Says the source, \"Pulkit is from a large joint family in Delhi and the ladla of his affluent family. Getting pampered comes easily to him. Within no time, he won the entire crew over. For example he began to bring soaked peeled almonds and roasted cashew nuts on the sets every day. He soon had everyone eating out of the palm of his hands. This successful attempt to woo the crew didn't go unnoticed by Amita who began her own woo-the-crew scheme. She began to bring ghar ka khana for everyone. But somehow it didn't have the same effect as Pulkit's spontaneous gestures of affection.\"The tension between the pair began to brew to an explosive point. According to the sources from the unit, there came a point where Pulkit and Amita stopped speaking to one another entirely.And then the flashpoint was reached during a sequence where apparently Pulkit effortlessly upstaged Amita as the unit broke into spontaneous applause. According to eyewitnesses, the two got into a screaming bout and had to be separated from one another.When contacted director Supavitra Babul hemmed and hawed before finally admitting to the all-pervasive friction between the lead. \"Amita is the producer's daughter and used to being pampered. Pulkit came into the unit from the outside and won everyone over. So I don't blame Amita for being resentful. Hota hai . Bachche hain. Bachpana hai donon mein . I'm older than both and I tried to pacify them as much as I could, But somehow the two just couldn't see eye to eye.\"Adding to the tension was the fact that the unit would break into spontaneous applause every time Pulkit excelled in a shot.About the incident where the pair got into a verbal scuffle Babul recounts, \"We were shooting a sequence at a resort where the protagonists are bickering. In the background not too far away from us, around 40 commandos were firing guns. That added to the charged atmosphere. Pulkit and Amita got carried away.\"One doesn't know how the producer and director intend to cope with the freezing-cold vibes between the film's lead pair, as apparently Pulkit and Amita refuse to do any marketing events together.Says the director, \"We're hoping they come around. See, Pulkit according to us is a complete star material. As the producer's daughter Amita should be happy about this.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12284375", "title": "Rs68 lakh for stray dogs, mosquito menace", "text": "MADURAI: The city corporation on Thursday set aside Rs 68.08 lakh to control the stray dog and mosquito menace within the city limits.Announcing this while presenting the budget, mayor V V Rajan Chellappa said that Rs 18 lakh had been set aside to procure three vehicles to nab the stray dogs and then sterilise them. Another Rs 12 lakh has been set aside to procure four auto rickshaws for mosquito fogging. Spraying of insecticides through hand sprayer has been planned in all the wards coming under the corporation limits.Measures will be taken to control mosquito breeding in the channels running through the city limits, Chellappa said. He also said that Rs 38.08 lakh has been allotted for procuring ambulances to meet out the emergencies. Speaking on the budget, the counsellors pointed out that the budget allocation was not sufficient for the purpose.\"Madurai is reeling under mosquito as well as stray dogs' menace. The funds should be increased,\" said Kesava Pandiammal, AIADMK counsellor for Ward 1. Other counsellors also pointed out that funds should be increased to fulfil these measures. The mayor assured that all measures will be taken to address the mosquito and stray dog menace in the city.At present, the corporation has taken various measures for the eradication of mosquito larvae in water bodies, fogging and spraying the insecticides. No cases of malaria or dengue have been reported in the city limits. Rabies in city limits has also been eradicated and the stray dogs have been captured and sterilised. The menace of pigs in the corporation limits will also be addressed, the mayor said.Other sanitation works listed in the budget are the construction of 43 public toilets and renovation of 52 existing ones. For this purpose, the corporation has set aside Rs 8.75 crore, which included the renovation of 4,470 toilets in the households.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12285618", "title": "Economic Survey: Expect firewall between banks, insurance units", "text": "The Economic Survey has revealed government's uneasiness over the inter-linkages between the country's insurance and banking sectors , especially in the light of the crisis which brought down financial institutions in the US and Europe.At present, a number of insurance companies are part of financial conglomerates . In fact, a large number of public and private sector banks owns majority stakes in life as well as general insurance companies . SBI, ICICI Bank, HDFC Ltd, PNB, Bank of Baroda, Union Bank and Oriental Bank of Commerce are among those which own substantial stakes in their subsidiary insurance companies.The survey said the Indian insurance sector is well capitalized but significantly exposed to the banking system. So any issues of financial stability concerning banks in the conglomerate may have an amplifying effect on the insurer . The survey, therefore , suggested that efforts have to be made towards building firewalls to prevent contagion from one sector to another, especially in times of stress.The ability to raise capital and adequate reinsurance capacity are expected to be important determinants for the insurance sector's continued stability. Government has already suggested that banks delink from their insurance companies , a proposal which many groups are finding difficult to implement. In 2008 and 2009, a number of insurance companies in US and Europe found it difficult to meet their liabilities, which created panic.The government had to intervene to recapitalize them to enable them to meet their liabilities. The Indian government and regulators are working to create a regulatory environment to avoid a repeat of the situation here. The survey noted that a healthy and developing insurance sector is of vital importance to every modern economy. It encourages the savings habit, provides a safety net to rural and urban enterprises and productive individuals.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Rail Budget 2012 , Pre Budget 2012, Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12283279", "title": "Ahead of Union Budget, Provident Fund rate slashed to 8.25%", "text": "NEW DELHI: In one of the sharpest-ever interest rate reduction, the Employees Provident Fund Organization (EPFO) has slashed the return on statutory savings to 8.25% for the current fiscal from 9.5% last year, on cues from finance minister Pranab Mukherjee .A notification for the reduction in rates for 4.72 crore EPFO subscribers was issued earlier this week, and comes days before the general Budget. In the present structure, the returns will be lower than the 8.6% paid under for public provident fund (PPF) deposits, a popular voluntary savings scheme.Banks too are offering 9%-9.5% deposits of much shorter duration. But compared to banks, returns on EPF are better since the annual contribution and the interest on the balance are tax free.At a meeting of the Central Board of Trustees last December, employee unions had demanded that the EPFO maintain the interest rate at 9.5% during the current fiscal, although based on funds available the government entity had proposed 8.25% payout.EPFO's investment committee had said that even at 8.25%, there would be a deficit of Rs 24 lakh. But as has been the case in the past, EPFO is learnt to have spotted an unaccounted Rs 400 crore that it believes will help it push for higher interest rate.Given the protests, representatives of employers who are on the board had suggested that 8.5% could be paid this year. The labour ministry had suggested payment of 8.6%, in line with the PPF returns, while asking the finance ministry to take the final call.It was for the first time that North Block was asked to decide instead of the usual practice of finance ministry notifying the rate suggested by EPFO. The ministry, however, went with EPFO's calculations in notifying the 8.25% return.Following the finance ministry order, EPFO has asked its field offices to make the payments for the year. While employee unions are expected to protest the move, union representatives on the EPFO board acknowledge that a higher payment may be difficult since the law restricts the government or any outside agency from chipping in with resources for a bailout.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Rail Budget 2012 , Pre Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12285203", "title": "Eight Coimbatore lakes to get commercial touch-up", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 154.80 crore plan has been drawn up by the corporation for the maintenance of eight lakes in the city. The civic body has obtained technical clearance from the PWD for this project.Under the plan, entertainment activities will be allowed in the lakes as public parks will come up along the banks of the lakes and boating facilities will be renewed. The water bodies will desilted and the banks will be strengthened. Necessary infrastructure to recharge the ground water system will be installed. And if the corporation has its way, the day may not be far when you can take a leisurely stroll on the banks of the lake.The corporation took over Ukkadam, Valankulam, Selvampathi, Narasampathi, Singanallur, Selvachinthamani, Krishnampathi and Kumarasamy lakes from the PWD on a 90 year lease in 2010. It had plans to introduce commercial activities including water sports in these lakes. However, the proposal was later shelved due to lack of funds and opposition from green activists.The eco-activists alleged that all eight lakes were being heavily polluted by dumping of waste material and debris on a daily basis. When PWD was in-charge of these lakes, it deployed security guards to prevent dumping into these lakes, they said.As of now, at least 110 different species of birds visit the lakes of Coimbatore. Of these, at least 30-40% are species arriving from other countries. Besides, several species of birds fly across continents, sometimes from as far as Siberia, reach the wetlands. Up to 12,000 birds, including pelicans, painted storks and plovers, were spotted in a single day by scientists of the Salim Ali Institute of Ornithology and Natural History (SACON). But the dumping of construction debris and sewage is \"strangling the fragile eco-system of the wetlands\".The industrial boom of the 1970s sounded the death knell for city lakes. Textile units sprung up, foundries sprouted, automobile parts producers emerged, more jobs were created and wages shot up to turn Coimbatore into an industrial town. Now, Coimbatore is firmly perched on the industrial map of the country with one of the highest per capita. But the city's own Noyyal river which rises at Velliangiri Hills and courses through Coimbatore and Tirupur before joining Cauvery at Karur, carries sewage and industrial effluents now, causing the lakes to shrink by 50 per cent, as the Noyyal is connected the these water bodies through the groundwater table.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12288798", "title": "Is Samvrutha Sunil already married?", "text": "Mollywood actress Samvrutha Sunil recently announced her impending marriage to Akhil, software engineer from Calicut. While the wedding is scheduled to take place only in November this year, rumours suggest that the ceremony may have taken place already, albeit secretly. \"Apparently, Samvrutha got married to Akhil on January 19, this year.It is rumoured that they had an Arya Samajam wedding at Calicut. The wedding was allegedly held in secret and has been registered at the Kozhikode Corporation too. Samvrutha has also applied for a copy of the wedding certificate, so that she can apply for a visa to join her husband, who is currently based in California ,\" says a source. It is common practice for soon-to-beweds to register a marriage way before the actual ceremony in order to initiate visa formalities by the time the couple tie the knot. \"It is possible that the duo has only registered the marriage and therefore, will wait for the actual ceremony to take place later,\" points out a highly placed resident of Calicut.However, rumours suggest that the actress is already through with the wedding ceremony too. \"Sometimes, actresses don't announce their weddings as they are worried about it affecting their careers or related prior commitments,\" hints an industry insider. While Samvrutha remained unavailable for comment, Sadhana , Samvrutha's mother, rubbishes the rumours. \"There is no truth in it at all. Samvrutha is busy shooting for Mallu Singh in Punjab. The date we have fixed for the wedding is November 1. It is going to be held as planned. I don't want to clarify or talk about this any further than that,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12284190", "title": "Unplanned town planning is harming Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: You do not have to be an architect or town planner to realize that the city's planning has gone for a toss. Very few high-rises follow development control rules.The floor to space index (FSI) is well above permissible limits. Parking is mandatory for such buildings, but many high-rises do not have them or the area is grossly inadequate, so vehicles are parked on the roads creating traffic jams.Occupancy certificate is mandatory, but in many cases building owners do not bother to obtain it and even when they do, NMC officials sanction them without bothering to inspect the structure. NMC needs to have a stringent policy in place, and initiate a drive to check for occupancy certificates.Otherwise, there may be many more tragedies like the Kalamna building collapse. In case of the Kalamna collapse, it was quite evident that the building owner had flouted town planning norms, but Nagpur Improvement Trust ( NIT) turned a blind eye towards it.NMC will do well to resolve the dispute over building plan sanction on BOT basis. The standing committee for 2011-12 headed by Sandip Joshi had not given any extension to the private agency, and directed NMC administration to do the job itself.In spite of standing committee's directions, the private agency is continuing to do the work due to lack of trained employees to handle Auto DCR system in NMC.NMC has also asked for an increase in FSI to 2.5, but the state government has not sanctioned it so far.Also, NMC's town planning department does not have a full time in-charge. The assistant director of town planning of state department is holding additional charge here.There are many glaring examples of violation of town planning norms. In many cases, fire safety norms are not followed which can lead to a major tragedy. Care Hospital in Dhantoli is now operating in a building where a hotel existed before 2006.The hospital owner has not obtained permission from NMC for user change. When a fire broke out in the hospital in December 2011 all these violations came to light.The corridors were narrow, there were no smoke detectors, proper ventilation, sprinkling system etc. Under fire from the media, NMC's fire department finally served a show cause notice to the hospital.However, most hospitals do not meet fire safety norms. The Fire Safety Act 2006 states that every private or government building should follow fire safety measures, like installation of portable fire extinguishers and other measures as per instructions of the fire department.The Care Hospital fire prompted NMC to inspect Suretech Hospital in December 2011. They found out that the hospital had a permission of ground plus three-storey building, but it is actually a five-storeyed structure. Besides, there were several other violations. However, so far no concrete action has been taken in both cases and NMC officials say that procedure is going on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12284084", "title": "Nitish Kumar opens book fair at Gandhi Maidan", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar inaugurated the 12-day Patna Book Fair at Gandhi Maidan here on Thursday. The book fair is being organized by the Centre for Readership Development (CRD), the agency which organizes the annual book fair in the city.A wide range of books is available at the book fair with around 300 publishers, including some international ones, putting up their stalls at the Gandhi Maidan.Speaking on the occasion, the CM said: \"Bihar has been maintaining the lead position in terms of sale of books at such fairs in comparison to other states where such events are organized. The book fair this year deserves a special mention as it is being organized during the centenary year celebrations of the state.\"Nitish suggested the CRD to hold book fair each year along with the Bihar Diwas celebrations. \"This would enable the CRD to make advance booking of Gandhi Maidan and also hold the fair at the same venue and time,\" he added.The CM said the state government has requested the prime ministers and presidents of all such countries where people of Bihar reside to attend the centenary year celebrations of the state.Nitish also released three books on the occasion. These are \"1857 ka swatantrata sangram va Bihar ka loksahitya' (written by Ramshobhit Prasad Singh), \"Jehar aur jehreela vatavaran\" (authored by Namrata Krishna) and \"Electronic@media.com\" (penned by Ratneshwar).In his address, deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi said, \"The state government has decided to organize similar book fairs in districts and that plans are also afoot to make proper arrangements for the participation of schools students in such events.\"Modi pointed out that around 20% of the state's budget has been sanctioned to education. \"We have allotted a sum of Rs 15,000 crore to the education sector,\" Modi said, adding: \"Out of the total 2,557 sanctioned posts of librarians in state colleges, the government has already posted as many as 973 librarians. We hope to increase the number in near future.\"CRD chairman HL Gulati said, \"Book fairs reflect the mood, trend and interest of readers. Technology has changed the mode of reading but the craze for books can never decline.\"Former minister of Mauritius Sarita Budhu requested the state government to organize Bhojpuri book fair in that country. \"After visiting various places in Bihar, I feel the state has made progress in every field. I want to strengthen the relationship of Mauritius and Bihar and want people to make themselves aware of the Bhojpuri literature prevalent in Mauritius,\" Budhu added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12283361", "title": "Teched-up \u2018Karnan\u2019 to hit screens soon", "text": "CHENNAI: Master Sridhar was six when he walked into the lavish sets of the 1964 Tamil epic 'Karnan'. He had one scene with legendary actor Sivaji Ganesan . His parents took him to the sets and asked him to be careful as \"Sivaji sir\" was around.\"I played the role of Meghanathan, an orphan, who meets Karnan after my character is accused of setting fire to a school. I finished the long scene in one take and Sivaji sir hugged me tightly,\" says 54-year-old Sridhar, who got 1,000 for his efforts.Sridhar is hoping to catch up on the epic that is being re-released in cinemascope on Friday. \"Karnan is one of our greatest mythological heroes and Sivaji sir, who literally lived the character, made the movie timeless,\" he says.The film was given a new lease of life by Shanthi Chokkalingam, proprietor of Divya Films. \"It took three years to restore the damaged film negatives. The biggest challenge was to restore the background score, he says.\"I realised that the sound recording was lost,\" says Chokkalingam. The audio track was recreated at Sangita Recording Studio in Chennai, where the audio went from mono to DTS 5.1 surround sound. \"We listened to the tape, arranged an orchestra and recreated the score by M S Viswanathan,\" he says.Sivaji's son Ramkumar Ganesan expects the new version to do justice to his father, who was called 'Simhakkural' because of his powerful voice. \"It will be a treat because the audio is in digital format,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12283349", "title": "Probe into minister\u2019s company sought", "text": "HYDERABAD: A petition was filed in the AP High Court on Thursday seeking directions to the central and state governments to order a probe against state mines minister Galla Aruna Kumari under the provisions of Prevention of Corruption Act.G Purushottam Naidu of Kammaguttapalli in Chittoor district filed the plea charging the minister and her company, Amar Raja Infra Pvt Limited, with coercing poor farmers into parting with their lands.The minister's husband was playing an instrumental role in getting certain land acquisition notifications issued and later getting the same withdrawn, the petitioner charged. Nearly 483 acres of land 'acquired' by the authorities was later transferred in the name of the minister's company, he said and sought a thorough probe into the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12285752", "title": "Striking cab, auto drivers may have to shell out Rs 5K", "text": "MUMBAI: The RTO has proposed a Rs 5,000 fine on striking autorickshaw and taxi drivers. Fed up of regular threats from auto and taxi unions, the RTO plans to propose to the state government to introduce stringent punishment on those resorting to illegal strikes and causing inconvenience to citizens.Said a senior official, \"We want the permits of such drivers suspended for a longer period (over a month) and a compounding fine of Rs 5,000. It will serve as a major deterrent to the driver as he will have to shell out a huge sum.\" At present, RTO issues showcause notices to drivers who go on strike, but there is hardly any stringent action, an official said.State transport secretary Shailesh Sharma said, \"I completely agree that there should be stringent punishment for those who go on strike. Some union leaders try to put pressure on us, assuming their demands would be fulfilled on the spot . And as a last-ditch effort, they pull autos , taxis and even school buses off the roads. This is nothing but blackmail.\" The state is even considering inclusion of school buses under essential services after their one-day strike last Friday.Sharma said the government, too, was thinking about a new rule to protect commuters by recommending strong punishment for striking drivers. \"On Tuesday , we approved new RTO fines for errant drivers. The amount has been doubled so that those caught will think twice before refusing passengers,\" he said.Sources said senior MMRTA (Mumbai Metropolitan Region Transport Authority ) members are furious over Navi Mumbai auto unions' planned Friday strike to protest reduction of basic fares (from Rs 15 to 11). A member said, \"We'll sent notices to drivers and take action against them for disrupting normal life.\"Sharma said there was no question of fares going up in Navi Mumbai. \"A majority (88%) autos are on CNG and rest will be asked to convert to green fuel. So, how can we allow them to charge passengers as per petrol rates? This is not done.\"Times ViewThe Bombay High Court earlier this week asked the state government to consider the possibility of including school buses within the ambit of an essential service. The RTO proposal , to impose fines on striking autorickshaws and taxis, follows from a similarly user-friendly motive. A fine, coming on top of the loss incurred for staying away from work, will make it doubly painful for drivers and owners. It's a positive sign that government agencies have recognised strikes to be a form of blackmail and arm-twisting that consumers can do without.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12286095", "title": "Central panel on resources welcomes CEC hearing", "text": "HUBLI: The National Committee for Protection of Natural Resources has welcomed the hearing at the Central Empowered Committee court room on March 20 between Adani and Jindal's related matters in Delhi, said NCPNR president S R Hiremath.Speaking to media persons in press meet here on Thursday, Hiremath said that in a significant development, the CEC, constituted by the Supreme Curt, has fixed an important hearing at the CEC court room on Tuesday based on the issue of the interlocutory application (IE) dated Jan 16, 2012 filed by the Samaj Parivartana Samudaya (SPS), the petitioner in the major PIL in before the forest bench.The NCPNR and other similar-minded networks, who have been spearheading the people's campaign against illegal mining, land acquisition and widespread corruption, along with community control over natural resources and empowerment of gram sabha have welcomed the hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12286272", "title": "Will Didi accept partial rollback?", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee sees a Congress game plan in railway minister and Trinamool Congress MP Dinesh Trivedi going against her wishes to propose an increase in passenger fares, but her hint to party legislators on Thursday that she wouldn't mind an increase only in AC-first class charges had political circles abuzz that the UPA allies could work out a compromise formula. At a closed-door meeting of the Trinamool Congress Legislature Party, the CM reiterated Trivedi had not consulted her before finalizing the proposals. Mamata had opposed the fare hikes from the dais of her public meeting at Nandigram on Wednesday within minutes of Trivedi completing his budget speech in Parliament.On Thursday, she explained the reasons to her party, arguing the fare hike would pinch the pockets of local and suburban passengers who travel 50-60km every day (the proposed increase for this category is 2paise/km). She also indicated she would be okay if the fare hikes were restricted to the elite Rajdhanis or AC-first class on other long-distance trains. Her concern for commuters and the way she qualified it, observers felt, left room for the Trinamool Congress and the Congress to settle for a partial rollback of fares. \"I would have nothing to say if they increased the prices for Rajdhani or even AC-first class passengers. I understand railways better than most - the fare hike will result in nearly a 70-80% increase for local and suburban passengers. This can't be accepted. This will increase people's burden,\" a party legislator quoted Mamata as saying. \"From the tenor of her speech today, it appeared her real concern was these passengers,\" the legislator added.According to another Trinamool legislator, Mamata explained that if the fare is hiked as proposed, it translates to more than an 80% hike. \"There will always be pressure, but that is where someone should scout for alternatives. Dinesh Trivedi didn't consult me or Mukul Roy,\" the legislator quoted her as saying.With tension running high between the allies since Wednesday afternoon, the ice began to melt after Prime Minister Manmohan Singh sent out a signal that he would honour the request from Mamata to change a minister belonging to her party. Trinamool leaders, however, seem resigned to the possibility of the change coming some time after the placing of the Union Budget.But Mamata and her party seem to be in no mood to pardon Trivedi. Though Sudip Bandyopadhyay denied the party had asked the railway minister to step down, a resolution condemning Trivedi's decision to hike fares was passed unanimously by Trinamool legislators in Kolkata, indicating Trivedi's innings in the party was as good as over. Later, at Writers' Buildings, state urban development minister Firad Hakim termed Trivedi a \"Mir Jafar\".\"This is the Congress's handiwork. None is above party discipline. If someone defies the partyline strong action will be taken,\" Mamata told the legislators, according to an MLA. Panchayat minister Subrata Mukherjee criticized Trivedi's public comment that the railways was in ICU. \"Doesn't he know who his predecessor was? This is sheer revolt against the party's supreme leadership. This will be dealt with,\" he is reported to have told the meeting. Mamata also informed her MLAs she'd already written to the PM seeking Trivedi's replacement. \"If they can't effect a rollback, let the new railway minister do it,\" she said. Taking a dig at the CM, Surjya Kanta MishraSaid: \"Her own minister admits she has sent railways to the ICU. Now, she is sending Bengal to the ICU.\" Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12286276", "title": "Railway neglect, drought package rock Odisha assembly", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: For the second consecutive day, the Assembly plunged into pandemonium with the Congress repeatedly stalling proceedings demanding revenue minister S N Patro's resignation on grounds that he misled the House on the drought issue.Ruling BJD members contributed to the ruckus in the pre-lunch session by protesting against the alleged neglect towards Odisha in the railway budget. They demanded that the house adopts a censure motion against the Congress-led UPA government for neglecting Odisha. The BJP and the NCP supported the demand.BJD MLAs also staged a demonstration in front of the Mahatma Gandhi statue on the Odisha Legislative Assembly premises to highlight the \"poor allocation\" for Odisha in the railway budget. BJD MLA Sanjay Dasburma said Odisha has got only Rs 714 crore in the rail budget, compared to its demand for Rs 2345 crore. \"The Centre has ignored the state's genuine demand in the railway budget. It is shown disrespect to the all-party delegation led by Speaker Pradip Amat which had met Trivedi and placed the state's demand,\" he said.Inside the house, the scenes were similar to those witnessed the day before Congress MLAs forced repeated adjournments while accused the state government of keeping the assembly in the dark and making announcements on drought and rehabilitation and surrender policy for Maoists outside . Continuing with its stand, leader of Opposition Bhupinder Singh during Question Hour said Patro misled the House by citing different figures on drought.On December 14, Patro had told the Assembly that 17 districts were affected, while in a government notification on February 29 it said 19 districts were hit. Congress legislators rushed to the well of the House, resorted to sloganeering and made an unsuccessful attempt to take over the Speaker's podium. The unpleasant scenes of Congress lawmakers standing on chairs and also engaging in tussles with securitymen to climb the Speaker's dais, forced the Speaker to ask Patro to make a statement in this regard on Friday. Subsequently, he adjourned the proceedings. The pre-lunch session could transact only 27 minutes of legislative business.Congress' demand for Patro's scalp found support from BJP, who did not favour disruption in legislative business but pressed for the minister's ouster. \"We don't want stalling of House proceedings, but want Patro's resignation for misleading the Assembly,\" BJP legislature party leader K V Singhdeo said.An all-party meeting convened by the Speaker failed to resolve the differences, with the Congress boycotting the post-lunch session, which saw discussion on the panchayati raj department's demand for budgetary grants. The BJP and NCP members along with those in the treasury bench participated.Continuing with its stand, leader of Opposition Bhupinder Singh during Question Hour said Patro misled the House by citing different figures on drought. On December 14, Patro had told the Assembly that 17 districts were affected, while in a government notification on February 29 it said 19 districts were hit. Congress legislators rushed to the well of the House, resorted to sloganeering and made an unsuccessful attempt to take over the Speaker's podium. The unpleasant scenes of Congress lawmakers standing on chairs and also engaging in tussles with securitymen to climb the Speaker's dais, forced the Speaker to ask Patro to make a statement in this regard on Friday. Subsequently, he adjourned the proceedings. The pre-lunch session could transact only 27 minutes of legislative business.Congress' demand for Patro's scalp found support from BJP, who did not favour disruption in legislative business but pressed for the minister's ouster. \"We don't want stalling of House proceedings, but want Patro's resignation for misleading the Assembly,\" BJP legislature party leader K V Singhdeo said.An all-party meeting convened by the Speaker failed to resolve the differences, with the Congress boycotting the post-lunch session, which saw discussion on the panchayati raj department's demand for budgetary grants. The BJP and NCP members along with those in the treasury bench participated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "12286227", "title": "AIDS patient commits suicide", "text": "KENDRAPADA: A 35-year-old AIDS patient of Mahulia village in Kendrapada district allegedly jumped to his death from a bridge on river Hansua on Thursday.The deceased Sahadev Nayak's brother said he was distraught as he was suffering from AIDS. Family members said Sahadev was especially depressed after his wife left him last year when his infection was detected.It was Sahadev's father who stood by him, shouldering all responsibilities for his treatment. When his father died on Wednesday, Sahadev felt all alone and ended his life on Thursday unable to bear the stigma and discrimination of an AIDS patient all by himself, villagers said. \"Sahadev's father was taking care of him and after the death of this father he was apprehensive of social ostracism, due to which he ended his life,\" said Chittaranjan Nayak, a villager.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12284107", "title": "New DGP shakes up Punjab police with transfers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Sumedh Singh Saini effected a major shake-up in the police on Thursday, soon after he took over charge as DGP of Punjab Police, transferring as many as three DGPs and five SSPs.Outgoing DGP Anil Kaushik, who passed on the baton to Saini, was shifted to Punjab Police Housing Corporation as CMD, with six months left to his retirement. Rajan Gupta, who was the DG (law and order and PAP) has been posted as DGP Punjab State Human Rights Commission while Sanjeev Gupta -- whose personal and professional rivalry with Saini is the worst kept secret in police circles - has been made DGP (security and vigilance) Punjab, Powercom.Five SSPs of PPS cadre, who were transferred on the orders of the Election Commission while the code of conduct was in place, have been posted back to their previous stations. Indermohan Singh goes to Muktsar Sahib, Surjit Singh gets back Barnala, Gurpreet Singh Gill is new SSP of Patiala, Snehdeep Sharma goes back as SSP, Moga and Sukhdev Singh once again gets Mansa police's top post.On Thursday morning, Punjab Police personnel were deputed all along the route from the city's Sector 16 - where Saini's official residence is located -- to the Punjab Police headquarters at Sector 9.An strong security cover was thrown in around the police headquarters when Saini -- who has been a target of terrorist attacks since Punjab's terrorism days and who was injured in a bomb attack in Chandigarh in 1991 -- was escorted to the headquarters to take over his new post.The new DGP, who has been in and out of controversies - within the service he has his detractors as well as ardent followers in equal number besides a dedicated fan following among policemen who fought during terrorism - has been asked to launch a drive to curb crime as well as to go after drug lords in the state.Saini is known to enjoy the confidence of both CM Parkash Singh Badal as well as deputy CM Sukhbir Badal, who will continue to head the home department -- the controlling authority of police force - for the second consecutive term.BOX 1'BJP not consulted on DGP'Jalandhar: Within a day of SAD-BJP taking charge of the state, differences seem to have erupted between the alliance partners over the issue of appointment of Sumedh Singh Saini as Punjab DGP with BJP saying that it was not consulted over his appointment. BJP legislature party leader Chunni Lal Bhagat said here on Thursday that BJP was not consulted on the issue. \"We were not taken into confidence and chief minister took the decision on his own on the issue,\" he said. Bhagat said that the BJP would discuss the issue in its core committee meeting.Arora away from DGP takeoverADGP (intelligence) Suresh Arora, who was also promoted on Wednesday, along with Sumedh Singh Saini, was conspicuous by his absence when the new DGP took over charge on Thursday. Arora was on leave and away to Amritsar, apparently to seek blessings of the almighty on his promotion. Sources close to him however said he expected the move to remove him from intelligence department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12284065", "title": "Growing parochialism worries RSS", "text": "NAGPUR: The strong feelings of regionalism that surfaced in recent times over inter-state water disputes (Mullaperiyar), language friction (Belgaum) and boundary tussles are a cause of worry for the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh. Around 1500 delegates of Sangh parivar gathered here for Akhil Bharatiya Pratinidhi Sabha have in their preliminary discussions felt the urgent need to address growing bitterness among sections of people.The three-day all-important Sabha is expected to come out with a resolution on the issue.RSS spokesman Manmohan Vaidya said, \"What is more worrying is that some political parties are trying to capitalize on such parochial sentiments. The Sangh feels right-thinking people should join hands to curb such narrow-minded approach to issues and resolve them to promote feeling of nationalism.\"While he did not say in so many words there was indication that the RSS was not in favour of regional parties gaining political ground and would rather have national parties dominate.While ruling out any political debates in the next three days, Vaidya also discounted possibility of any large scale changes in the organizational structure. The election for the crucial post of 'Sarkaryavah' may take place on Saturday and Vaidya hinted that Bhaiyyaji Joshi, who has completed only one year in the post, may be continued.There was speculation some days ago that a younger Dattatray Hosabale may replace Joshi as general secretary and Joshi may take over as 'pracharak pramukh' in place of Mohandas Devi who is not keeping well.Now there is a view that Joshi should be continued for more time especially because he is doing a good job. In that case there is likelihood of Madhubhai Kulkarni replacing Devi as head of full-time voluntary workers (pracharaks). The 'sarkaryavah' elected once in three years at Pratinidhi Sabha held in Nagpur gets to form his new executive body.The BJP is to be represented by Ram Lal, V Satish, Bal Apte and Saudan Singh, all Sangh functionaries deputed to co-ordinate with the party.Interestingly, VHP strongmen Ashok Singhal and Pravin Togadiya are camping in the city and all eyes will be on how they respond to the BJP cozying up to the minorities to gain votes in recent elections. They are unhappy that BJP got some Christians elected to Goa assembly and Gadkari pitched for a Muslim candidate in Mominpura.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12290670", "title": "Kashmera Shah robbed again", "text": "As if being robbed two months ago in Delhi wasn't enough, firebrand Kashmera Shah got robbed all over again, this time in Los Angeles . And as strange coincidence would have it, the robbery took place once again from her car.Having recently sold off her plush Jaguar , the actress was using a rented car in LA. She was out on a dinner with actress Pooja Batra in the Studio City area, with the gorgeous ladies nibbling on one of Kash's favourite foods, sushi; when God had some naughty plans up his sleeve!Even as Kash was telling Pooja about how she got robbed in the capital sometime ago, a robber smashed one of the window panes of her rented car parked outside the restaurant and disappeared with a portable GPS device on her dashboard and a bag containing her boots!Oof! Aajkal ke robbers bhi na... jhoote bhi nahin chhodtey. Lol.Last seen, Kashmera was laughing at the Police Station, filing another complaint amidst bemused faces of firang cops, who weren't aware that she got robbed the second time round in two months. Calming herself a bit, Kash later gushed, \"Maybe, the thief needed my GPS system and boots more than me! But if he had tried his luck in front of me, then he'd have been in real trouble.\"Yes Kash, we know that well as we've seen you bash up a 'deserving' guy on your Channel V show ' Steal Ur Girlfriend '.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12284355", "title": "Madurai to lay plastic roads", "text": "MADURAI: In an effort to find a solution for the plastic accumulating in the corporation garbage yard, the budget presented on Thursday has proposed to construct a 3 km stretch of plastic roads. The plastic road project has been estimated at Rs 1.55 crore and will be laid in the corporation limits.The objective of the project was to reduce the plastic menace in the city and use it for constructive purposes. However, the estimated period was not mentioned in the budget as the Detailed Project Report has been sent to the state government for approval. Commenting on the proposal, A Madhuram, city engineer (in-charge) said the chief minister had announced that the corporation should lay plastic roads of 3 km while the municipalities should lay 1 km of plastic road in their limits.The plastic roads will be laid with a mixture of bitumen and plastic derived from plastic waste in the city. At present, the total plastic waste from the city garbage is 0.7%. The plastic roads would have a relative advantage from the environmental aspect as well, reducing the plastic waste load in the garbage yard, he said. R Vasudevan, dean, Thiagarajar College of Engineering, Madurai who invented and patented it in the year 2002 said that plastic acts as a binder with the bitumen and the roads would last long. \"The roads which were laid in Thiagarajar College in 2002 are in very good condition till date and many states have adopted the method. The ratio of mixture is one tonne of plastic with 9 tonne of bitumen for laying one kilometre of road. Plastic binds with the bitumen and prevents water seeping in, thus the roads are not damaged for a very long period and are free of potholes,\" he added.Using the idea, more than 3,000 km of road has been laid in the country, with the state of Himachal Pradesh laying more than 200 km of plastic road, he said. The chief minister took up the idea during her last regime and had announced it in her election propaganda, taking up the project after she resumed power, Vasudevan stated. Besides, it is cost-effective as reduces the cost of one tonne bitumen per kilometre while one tonne of plastic waste is used in an efficient manner, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12283837", "title": "3rd international film fest opens in Nagpur today", "text": "NAGPUR: The third edition of the International Film Festival, organised by the Nirzar Film Society, will be inaugurated on Friday evening by former Miss World Yukta Mookhey and filmmaker and Chairman of Asia Film Festival Kiran Shantaram. The seven-day-festival will see the screening of 24 films at about five shows per day at Smruti theatre. It will conclude on March 22.The much-awaited event will offer film buffs some of the best films made by Asian and European filmmakers. The ones to be looked forward to include the Czech film 'Closely watched trains,' 'Orange Girl' made in Norway , Swedish film 'Hugo and Josephine', French film 'Love like poison' and Japanese film 'Seven Samurai'.The event that has captured the attention of cinema buffs in the city over the last two years, will screen eight Bangla movies this year in its regional films segment titled Banglar Gorbo or Bengal's Pride. The segment includes Bhalo Theko starring current rage Vidya Balan and two films made by filmmakers from Bangladesh .To increase the participation of city youth, a short film contest for amateurs and professionals is part of the festival this year. The contest carries three cash prizes of 15,000, 10,000 and 5,000. A jury panel - Ganesh Matkari, Rima Amrapurkar and Dhrubo Banerjee - will judge the entries that had been invited earlier.The season pass for 500 is available at Smruti theatre and a single day entry pass is priced at 100. Two documentaries, 'A tale of Jain Saint' and 'Kavya Ka Karishma' by Manju Jain, will also be screened. The inaugural event will be followed by the screening of Italian film 8\u00bd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12286158", "title": "Mason jumps to death from building", "text": "MYSORE: A construction worked allegedly committed suicide by jumping from an under-construction building here on Thursday. The deceased, identified as Kailash, 26, had come on Wednesday evening with his uncle Raju from Rajashtan to work on the seven-storey building on MG Road in Agrahara.Security guard Nagaraj alerted the police soon after Kailash jumped from building at 2am on Thursday. Nagaraj could not figure out from which floor did Kailash jump as it was dark then.Police said they are yet to ascertain the reason for taking the extreme step. But during investigation, Raju told police that his nephew was reluctant to work in Mysore. He came here after failing to get a job at his native place -- Badagon village near Prempur of Nagaur district in Rajasthan. He is survived by his wife Chumki Devi, five-year-old daughter Rajani and a two-month-old baby girl. A complaint has been registered at KR police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12286211", "title": "Atomic board seeks to tighten regulation of radiation materials", "text": "MANGALORE: Careless handling of Cobalt-60, a 'legacy source' of category I radiation material at a scrap market in Mayapuri, west Delhi in April 2010 and its even more careless disposal by the department of chemistry, Delhi University has prompted Atomic Energy Regulatory Board (AERB) to put in place web-based systems that can help track such materials from cradle to grave.AERB chairman S S Bajaj, who inaugurated the three-day 30th Indian Association for Radiation Protection conference organized by the University Science Instrumentation Centre of Mangalore University here on Thursday said the first module of the software was expected to be available by June 2012. \"This is expected to not only help the user obtain prompt consents, but also AERB to track the sources and make regulatory process efficient and transparent,\" he said.The AERB has also written to all known suppliers of radiation material the world over and potential user organizations in India, including universities. AERB had also stepped up inspection of such facilities, he said, adding the Cobalt-60 was in \"Gamma Irradiator\", which was bought in 1968 from Canada and was not in use since 1985. There are many instances of such legacy sources in India before regulatory mechanisms were put in place.Observing that the wide spread use of radiation sources in India in medicine and other industries poses its own set of challenges with respect to radiation protection and regulation, Bajaj said.\"The Mayapuri incident is a case-in-point. The incident resulted in one radiation death and a few suffering from radiation sickness. Under the new mechanism, it will be able to account for all sources of radiation and also ensure that they are safely and promptly disposed,\" he said.The growth in use of radiation for various applications would continue so long as the public perceives that its advantages far outweigh the risk involved, he said. \"It is therefore necessary to ensure that the radiation protection measures are backed by strict regulations and inculcation of safety culture so that maximum benefit is derived from the use of radiation with minimum risk in all applications involving radiations,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12283524", "title": "Railway veterans laud Trivedi's budget", "text": "KOLKATA: Dinesh Trivedi's budget may have started a political drama, but veteran railwaymen unequivocally praised it, calling it the \"only progressive railway budget\" presented in the past decade.They called it a \"technocratic\" budget, required to lift the railways out of the mess and said \"it requires a lot of courage to move away from the shadow of the past railway ministers who were more focused on their populist stance than on the need of the hour.\"Trivedi had very deftly increased freight charges by a sizeable 20% just before the budget. \"This was perhaps to avoid controversy. When the freight charges increased to bring in an additional Rs 15,000 crore, those like us who have been following developments in the railways closely knew for sure that this time there would be a sizeable fare hike too. The fares have been hiked by an approximate 14% to 15% and it will bring in an additional Rs 4,000 crore to the railway coffers,\" said S R Thakur, who retired as the additional member of the Railway Board and served the railways for 35 years.Thakur expressed surprise over Mamata Banerjee's reaction to the fare hike, because when the freight charges were hiked just before the budget by 20%, she was quiet. \"Such freight charges hike would lead to a hike in prices of all consumables. If she is so price sensitive, why didn't she react then? During her own tenure, she had hiked freight rates by 11% which contributed to the all-round price hike,\" Thakur said.Experts praised the attempt that Trivedi has made to draw up plans to improve the safety and security. According to the Kakodkar Committee report, the total projected cost for complete modernisation of railway tracks, signals and coaches will require Rs 1,00,000 crore over five years. \"That means he will have to raise an additional Rs 20,000 crore every year for five years. Though an additional Rs 4,000 crore from passenger fares might sound meagre, if you factor it in the total scheme of things along with the hike in freight charges, you will see it is an important contribution,\" Thakur said.Though there are a total of 65,000 kilometres of railway tracks in the country, about 19,000 kilometres of it carry at least 80% of the load and Trivedi's budget concentrates on modernization of tracks that connect the four metros and its diagonals. At the moment, the tracks that we have can take a load of 22 pounds per unit whereas we need at least 25 pounds per unit, considering the present load and speed at which the trains run, experts say.\"Most of our trains are also in a bad shape and we need improved coaches. Some goods trains have 70 bogies. Again, the utilization of our tracks between the four metros is well over 100%. Naturally, we need an immediate overhaul,\" said Bhaskar Chowdhury, another retired officer of the South Eastern Railways. He feels that the present operating ratio of the railways is at a high 95, which is unhealthy. \"This means that the railways spend Rs 95 to earn Rs 100. Through his new budget, Trivedi plans to bring the ratio down to 84, which is a remarkable step and for this the fare hike was essential,\" he said.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12283546", "title": "Khajuraho finally finds a place on railway map", "text": "Khajuraho, known for medieval Hindu and Jain temples with erotic sculptures, will finally come on the railway map Thursday.The Udaipur-Gwalior Express has been extended to Khajuraho, in Chhatarpur district in Madhya Pradesh .Passengers will board the train from Agra Cantonment station around 11 a.m. and reach Khajuraho in the evening.The proposal for a train to Khajuraho had been hanging fire for a few years. Agra's tourism industry was keen that a direct train be provided so that tourists could visit the famed destination.According to railway spokesman Bhupendra Dhillon here, the train to Khajuraho will run from Thursday. \"From Udaipur to Khajuraho, the 1,106 km will be covered in 21 hours and 20 minutes,\" she said. Rakesh Chauhan, president of the Agra Hotels and Restaurants Association, welcomed the rail connectivity to Khajuraho.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12284136", "title": "Fresh dates for tendu auction announced", "text": "NAGPUR: Amid opposition from a section of contractors, the state forest department has announced fresh dates for auction of 463 tendu units across nine forest circles.As per the new schedule announced on Wednesday, tenders will be accepted on March 26. The first, second and third round of auctions will be held on March 27, 30 and April 3 respectively at Jawahar Vidhyarthi Gruha, West High Court Road, said Ramanuj Choudhary, additional principal chief conservator of forests (APCCF) for non-timber forest produce (NTFP), monitoring and evaluation.The auctions were to be held on January 30, February 6 and 9. However, the contractors, mostly influenced by Gondia Beedi Leaves Contractors' Association, boycotted the process demanding relaxing the condition of forfeiting earnest money deposit (EMD) in case of forest fires in tendu units.Accordingly, the government on March 2, relaxed the stringent condition and decided to impose a fine between Rs 5,000 and 20,000 per hectare depending on the area burnt under tendu units.However, the tendu contractors are opposed to the new condition and want that auctions be carried out as per 2011 conditions. Praveen Pardeshi, principal secretary (forests), has refused to change the conditions. \"Our stand remains unchanged,\" he told TOI.Forest officials say only a section of contractors is opposed to the new norms and hence is opposing the auction. \"Now the fresh tendering process will be held amid security,\" an official said.Earlier, on March 13, the forest officials had also called a meeting on e-auction of tendu units, but 100 contractors opposed the idea. The government had to drop the idea of selling tendu units through e-auction.Nagin Pugalia, leader of tendu contractors from the region, said boycott on auction process will continue.\"It is already late now. We want the tendu units be sold as per the conditions applicable in 2011,\" Pugalia said. A delegation of tendu contractors had also met Choudhary and submitted a memorandum in this regard.As per the new norms, if 5% of the tendu unit area is burnt, it will imply a fine of Rs 5,000 per hectare. Similarly, a fine of Rs 10,000 per hectare will be imposed for fire in 5 to 10% area and fire above 10% will invite fine of Rs 20,000 per hectare. Due to fire, villages involved in tendu leaves' collection will have to do away with wages and bonus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12284179", "title": "15,000 teachers to lose jobs after Punjab and Haryana high court order", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a huge setback to Haryana government, the Punjab and Haryana high court on Thursday turned down its plea, seeking extension of six months to fill vacancies of regular teachers, replacing thousands of guest teachers.This means that services of more than 15,000 guest teachers in Haryana would be terminated after March 31. These guest teachers are working in state-run schools for many years.The order is a huge respite for around 70,000 Teachers Eligibility Test (TET) qualified candidates waiting for the regular appointments.A division bench headed by Chief Justice Ranjan Gogoi issued the orders while dismissing a petition filed by Haryana government.On March 30, 2011, the high court had directed the government to fill all the vacancies of regular teachers in schools by March 31, 2012, by relieving the guest teachers. However, Haryana government had moved an application before the high court seeking extension of six months to replace the guest teachers with the regular teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12285619", "title": "Akhilesh not to take part in India Today conclave", "text": "LUCKNOW: Immediately after taking oath on Thursday, Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav said he won't be able attend the annual India Today conclave. Akhilesh cited \"official engagements\" as the reason for his inability to participate in the conclave proceedings.He was scheduled to address a session at the conclave called 'Changing the Game' on young leadership on March 17. Although a hectic schedule after taking over as CM was believed to be the overt reason for turning down the offer to participate, Akhilesh's last minute decision was seen to be a direct fall out of his unwillingness to share the dais with author Salman Rushdie.In January this year, Rushdie's name had featured on the list of invitees at the Jaipur Literature Festival.However, his visit was forcefully cancelled after the Deoband clerics opposed the author's arrival, saying his 1988 book, 'The Satanic Verses', had disrespected Prophet Mohammed. Pulling all stops to please the Muslim community ahead of the UP Assembly elections, the Samajwadi Party had also opposed Rushdie's arrival into the country, to participate in the literature festival. tnnSpeaking to TOI, while touring the election-bound state on board his Samajwadi Kranti rath , Akhilesh Yadav had said that as a responsible and well-known author it was inappropriate of Rushdie to have written anything that hurt religious sentiments.Rushdie will participate in the Indian Today Conclave on March 16 in a session that has been titled the Liberty Verses: `I am What I am and That's All That I am.' The resentment against Rushdie was not limited to the Samajwadi camp. On Wednesday, Pakistani cricketer-turned-politician Imran Khan also called off his participation in the event because he did not want share a dais with Rushdie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12286231", "title": "Angul man suffers unnecessary stigma in HIV test flip flop", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: After suffering stigma for a year for being diagnosed HIV positive, a man was found HIV negative earlier this week at the state-run Capital Hospital here.\"I was shunned by everybody, including the hospital staff treating me, due to my HIV status. But after the test last week, they have started touching me again,\" said Hadibandhu Sahoo, who has been undergoing treatment for a broken spine.Sahoo had tested HIV positive in April 2011 at Swami Vivekanad National Institute of Rehabilitation Training and Research, an institute of the Union ministry of social justice and empowerment in Cuttack district.Sahoo, who hails from Ghantapada village in Angul district, used to work as a security guard in a biscuit manufacturing company in Bhuj, Gujarat. He had broken his spine during the 2001 Gujarat earthquake and underwent a series of treatment at various health centres. His spine, however, refused to heal and he was finally admitted to the Vivekanad National Institute for treatment from April to June 2011, where he was diagnosed HIV positive.TOI had highlighted his plight in an article published on July 6, 2011. \"I was discharged from the hospital in August and started a paan shop in Talcher with the help of the local MLA. However, people who knew my HIV status would avoid the shop,\" he said.The 50-year-old wheelchair-bound man had to be admitted to Capital Hospital when he injured his back again recently after he slipped and fell while taking a bath. In a fresh test conducted at the Integrated Counelling and Testing Centre (ICTC) at Capital Hospital, Sahoo was found to be HIV negative last week.\"The recent fall was a blessing in disguise for me. I have got a new lease of life after the fresh diagnosis. I had started cursing my life earlier,\" said Sahoo, adding, \"Last time when I was hospitalized, nobody would come near me because of my HIV positive status. Now finally I am being treated as a normal person.\"When contacted, the hospitals defended the test reports. \"We rely on the rapid test kits supplied by National AIDS Control Organisation, which has a margin of error,\" said R N Mohanty, director in-charge of Vivekanad National Institute.Capital Hospital authorities said the ICTC test is a confirmatory test. \"I can't comment about test done elsewhere but ICTC tests are regarded confirmatory. We will, however, look into the matter if something may have gone wrong,\" said Capital Hospital spokesperson Dr S N Swain. HIV/AIDS activists have cautioned people not to get frustrated with rapid test kits, which may give false results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12285433", "title": "Economic Survey: Rural job freeze plan, Jairam fumes", "text": "Could the Centre freeze the job guarantee scheme during peak agriculture season?The controversial demand from the agriculture ministry found an echo in the Economic Survey released on Thursday, but was quickly dismissed by rural development minister Jairam Ramesh. While lauding the flagship scheme, the survey listed a few other measures as the way forward. \"While the overall performance of MGNREGS has been good, there is scope for improvements like focused planning , shifting to permanent asset and infrastructure building activities.... avoiding peak seasons in agriculture ,\" it said.The demand to freeze the job scheme stems from the complaint that it has made farm labour both expensive and scarce, but social activists and the rural development ministry have rebuffed it as untrue.Labourers are said to prefer work under MGNREGS , which assures them of a higher minimum wage and draws them away from big farms. The landlords have had to wean them away from the job scheme with higher wages, further escalating their input cost for agriculture.Even agriculture minister Sharad Pawar wrote to the prime minister to suspend MGNREGS during the farm season. However , Ramesh dismissed the possibility. \"The matter has been examined in detail by the Mihir Shah Committee and rejected,\" he said.The job scheme was praised by the survey for giving additional income to the poor, thereby creating additional demand for consumer durables/nondurables \"to sustain the supply side\" . It hinted that the positive came at the cost of food inflation because of higher demand of foodgrains while production was low. The survey also called for extending the job scheme to urban areas. While it had been a Congress poll promise, the government had not shown any initiative in that direction . Sources said it was unlikely that the UPA would undertake such a spending exercise when fiscal constraints were strong.Farm sector's share in GDP comes downThe contribution of agriculture to gross domestic product (GDP) dropped to 14.5% in 2011-12 from 14.7% in 2010-11 with the country missing the 4% growth target for the sector under the 11th five-year plan to clock 3.5%. Portending greater crisis ahead was the fall in the total land under foodgrain cultivation even as the yield for crops plateaus. The area under food crops dropped to 1,254.92 lakh hectares in 2011-12 from 1,267.65 lakh hectares in the previous year. The survey advocated regular import of agricultural commodities in relatively smaller quantities with an upper ceiling to be decided annually. The survey also advocated that perishables-vegetables and fruits-be taken out of the Agricultural Produce Marketing Act entirely. It also pushed the case for FDI in multi-brand retail as a way to increase investment in the supply chain.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12285340", "title": "City wants special kitty for infra plans", "text": "MUMBAI: The financial capital hopes for a dedicated funding line for its major infrastructure and housing projects, with the plans being bestowed with national status. The state has been pinning its faith on a special window to be created for mega cities like Mumbai.This year's Budget, the first of the 12th five-year plans, will set the tone for the city's development. The state, in its recent presentation to the Prime Minister's office, pitched for Rs 35,375 crore for infrastructure plans and Rs 20,000 crore for housing over the next five years. Whether or not the Centre would help transform the face of the city will be revealed today.Leading the priority pack is Metro, the upcoming airport and water and sewage work. Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan had earlier requested Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to declare four infrastructure projects-22 km Nhava-Sewri Link worth Rs 10,000 crore, Navi Mumbai airport (Rs 14,000 crore), Colaba-Bandra Metro (Rs16,000 crore) and Virar-Alibaug Multi-Modal Corridor (Rs 10,000 crore)-as that of \"national importance\", a tag that could ensure 50%-90% central assistance for them. To facilitate a dedicated supply of funds, Chavan also demanded the creation of a special mega cities fund under the new version of the JNNURM.According to an MMRDA source, the state is eying the trans-harbour link, the next two Metro lines and the Alibaug-Virar rail-road corridor for development over the next five years. Seeking a special dispensation for housing needs in the city, the state also wants the Centre to make available centrally owned plots.Incidentally, a TOI analysis of previous Budgets shows that the city is yet to receive a considerable amount of funds. Officials told TOI, that MMRDA had got 50% share of the Rs 450 crore allocated for the first Metro line. But officials in the Centre clarified that the lag in payment was due to the tardy progress of the projects.Subrat Das, executive director of the Centre For Budget and Governance Accountability, does not seem to support special privileges for Mumbai. \"Local bodies in Mumbai like the BMC have a better capacity to raise their own revenue and even the state's fiscal health is better,\" he said. Analysts also say budget policies have favoured financial sector liberalization and the involvement of private players over the last decade, which has favoured Mumbai more than any other city.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12283317", "title": "17,000 Ganpat Vita Sadans in city", "text": "MUMBAI: Ganpat Vita Sadan residents said the building was due for redevelopment but Mhada officials said no such proposal had reached them.\"We heard the residents wanted to go in for redevelopment... The proposal was expected to reach us within a few months,\" said a senior Mumbai Building Repairs and Reconstruction Board official.The official said the building was more than 70 years old, like most Mhada-cessed buildings. \"We take up a building for repairs or redevelopment depending on its problems and how old it is. This building has been repaired at least twice before,\" he said.There are some 17,000 old buildings in Mumbai. Cessed buildings--most built prior to 1940--are privately-owned old buildings in south Mumbai whose repair and maintenance are the responsibility of the Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (Mhada). Tenants in such buildings pay a cess to Mhada as their owners have found them impossible to maintain due to low rent income.Residents said they had been in the middle of a redevelopment-related dispute. \"There has been pressure to vacate the building for redevelopment for many months. There was opposition from residents. In hindsight, it would have been better if people had moved out. This loss wouldn't have happened,\" said a resident, Vijeta Narvekar.Civic officials said there was no option but to pull down the structure. \"The building has weakened and it needs to be razed,\" said divisional fire office Prabat Rahangdale.A senior Mhada official said the building will now be taken up for redevelopment. \"This should not stop us or the landlords and tenants from going in for redevelopment. We will issue a contract to demolish the building and then take it up for redevelopment,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12285642", "title": "Economic Survey: Asset-price bubble rises to the surface", "text": "The Economic Survey called for greater attention to asset-price bubbles in real estate and stock markets. \"Focus mainly has to be on credit-induced bubbles that create positive feedback loop with businesscycle implications,\" it said.There is scope for sharpening of monetary policy and macro prudential tools to deal with such asset bubbles and their implications for the economy. Particularly, in the event of a liquidity surplus (easy availability of loans )coupled with low interest rates, flow of credit for purchasing assets increases in the expectation of price appreciation.This creates a vicious scenario which leads to assetprice bubble. As the loans are given to acquire assets at much higher costs than their real values, there are increased chances to default, which in turn will affect the health of banks.The survey argued that the hike in policy rates by the RBI was due to persistently high inflation. The higher interest rates, however, have impacted growth in the short run. There is a need to examine the linkages and trade-offs . This is important since monetary policy primarily addresses demand-side factors for inflation management, whereas supply-side factors also play a key role in price management.So, a renewed attention to ways of improving medium-term supply in agriculture and supply chains and infrastructure may be vital.The survey also noted the rise in the prices of real estate in the most of the cities since 2007. Besides demandsupply gap in the housing sector, the possible reasons for increase in prices could be overall increase in cost of building materials, higher demand for housing after improvement in infrastructural facilities like metro connectivity , favourable political and economic environment and greater business and employment opportunities.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Rail Budget 2012, Pre Budget 2012, Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12287922", "title": "Reports on threat of sanctions on India highly speculative:US", "text": "WASHINGTON: Amid reports claiming America has threatened India with sanctions if it does not reduce its Iranian oil imports by June end, US officials on Friday said Washington and New Delhi are having \"productive conversations\" on the issue and termed the reports as \"highly speculative\".\"Recent headlines on India and Iran have been highly speculative,\" a US Government official said, referring to the reports appearing in a section of American media.The report quoted Obama administration officials as saying that India has failed to reduce its purchases of Iranian oil, and if it doesn't do so, President Barack Obama may be forced to impose sanctions on New Delhi.\"No decisions have been made and we continue to have productive conversations with India on this important issue, both in New Delhi and in Washington,\" the official said.\"We welcome statements from Indian officials that India is seeking to diversify its crude oil sourcing and encourage this positive trend,\" the official said.In response to a query, sources in the Indian embassy indicated that US officials have reached out to them to convey that the news reports were \"not an accurate reflection\" of the US policy.They remain focused on consultation and discussions with the Government of India on this issue, sources said.Under the Iran sanctions legislation, a country is subject to American sanctions if it doesn't make a \"significant\" reduction in its Iranian crude oil purchases during the first half of this year.India imports 12 per cent of its oil from Iran, which is No 2 producer in the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12283318", "title": "Vijaya Raghava\u2019s bail plea rejected", "text": "HYDERABAD: CBI court special Judge B Nagamaruthi Sarma on Thursday dismissed the bail plea of G Vijaya Raghava, an accused in the Emaar case. Stating that the court cannot question the progress of the probe at this stage, it rejected the bail plea.The judge agreed with the contention of the CBI counsel who argued that the whereabouts of excess amounts collected in the case are unknown and Vijaya Raghava, who allegedly knew the intricacies of the scam, should not be set free now.While hearing the bail plea of OMC case accused IAS officer Y Srilakshmi, the judge asked the CBI to file its counter and posted the case for hearing to Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12283606", "title": "Madhya Pradesh cotton brokers seek axing of export ban", "text": "INDORE: The cotton brokers in Madhya Pradesh are irked over the Centre's decision to conditionally lift ban on cotton export and they have now demanded for opening up the sector.After imposing a ban on cotton exports on March 5 this year, the government had to revoke the ban after a week on Monday last due to intense political pressure. However, the lifting of ban came with a rider that exports will be allowed only for those consignments that have been registered before the ban on scrutiny and revalidation to eliminate 'fictitious transactions'. Fresh registration certificates (RC) has been put on hold.MP uses about 10 lakh bales of cotton whereas the production in the state is estimated to be at around 16 to 20 lakh bales during the current cotton season. So far, 15 lakh bales have already arrived at various markets in the state, said a source familiar with the development. Nearly 60% of cotton, being produced in the state, is exported to countries like China, Bangladesh and Pakistan.MP Cotton Brokers' Association president Nandlal Lunia told TOI, \"So far, the a total of 11 lakh bales have already been exported from the state during the current year as compared to the mark of 12 lakh bales during last year and if all goes well, the state is likely to export the balance amount of 2 lakh bales during the remaining part of the year.\" If the ban on cotton export is fully lifted, cotton could fetch a price of Rs 34,000 per candy as against the current mark of Rs 32,000, Lunia said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12283201", "title": "Economic Survey says India set to step off agony path", "text": "NEW DELHI: No Economic Survey in recent memory has talked of the \"imperative\" of building up foreign exchange reserves to prepare to deal with external shocks. With forex reserves at over $300 billion, that's hardly surprising. Yet, the Survey presented by the finance ministry on Thursday has signalled caution.The warning is in keeping with the overall tone of the annual pre-budget document, which acknowledges that the Indian economy is today much more integrated with the world economy than ever before - trade now amounts to 53% of GDP - and hence more exposed to external forces and events.The Survey has for most of the last two decades been a mix of self-congratulatory passages interspersed with calls for more radical reforms. The latest one, like the one last year, is not as gung-ho tone on either count although it remains firmly in the pro-reform corner.You can hear the note of caution when it says that while India managed to minimize the impact of the 2008 global slowdown through a mix of fiscal and monetary policies, a repeat act would be very difficult. That's because the current slowdown comes so close on the heels of the earlier one. Indeed, it warns that a \"second dose (of the same medicine) can backfire\". Like the rest of the world India too will have to devise novel ways of dealing with the present crisis.The plea for building up reserves whenever possible is in the context of an admission that the exchange rate now has an important bearing on the economy's well-being, and that high trade and current account deficits combined with volatile FII flows make India vulnerable. Hence, the Survey argues, what is needed is a \"more aggressive stance to check rupee volatility\".Here's where the size of the reserves become material, since large reserves mean the RBI has a greater ability to sell dollars and buy up rupees, thereby counteracting the local currency's depreciation in the event of a flight of capital.The Survey acknowledges the positives arising from a depreciation of the rupee, for instance the fact that this discourages \"unproductive\" imports such as gold and consumer durables by making them costlier.To be fair, even in the global context, the Survey doesn't paint a wholly gloomy picture. It suggests at one point that \"India can be the leading engine of global growth\" even as it admits that this is an \"optimistic view\".It also points out that credit ratings have now become important due to the increased external engagement. And, on this count, relative to most other countries, India has actually improved even if a look at the ratings themselves might suggest little or no change.On the domestic front, there is an acknowledgement that both growth and inflation have been matters of concern in the current year. Monetary measures like interest rate hikes may have contributed to the slowdown, the Survey says. The fiscal situation too is admittedly under stress with a slippage in the Centre's fiscal deficit appearing inevitable.Interestingly, the Survey suggests that a slowdown in decision-making as a result of the string of scandals too may have contributed to the loss of momentum. This is as odds with the repeated assertions of both PM and the finance minister that there has been no policy paralysis.On each of these counts, however, the Survey sounds optimistic that the bottom has been hit and things will only get better from here. On growth, it projects that after the current year's 6.9%, a growth of 7.6% in 2012-13 and 8.6% the year after.Inflation is seen as already being under control, though there's a need to remain vigilant. As for the fisc, the fact that states are likely to avoid any slippage this year will help in consolidation going forward, the Survey says.Interestingly, while recognising the key role that the services sector has played in India's growth, particularly in the last two decades, the Survey maintains that industry must have a larger share of GDP in a developing economy. Further, it acknowledges that agriculture is much more important to the country's economy than its share of less than one-fifth in GDP would suggest. It calls for a greater focus on managing the supply side rather than looking at demand management.It draws attention to the fact that while services has consistently grown faster than the economy as a whole, India's growth rate now tends to rise or fall on the back of the industrial sector.In terms of policy prescriptions, some are a rehash of earlier Surveys, others are relatively new. In the earlier category: labour law reforms; easing of FDI; question mark over the efficacy of minimum support prices. Same with introducing competition in the coal sector and making petrol pricing more transparent.The less familiar prescriptions include a firewall between banking and insurance operations. The Survey also points out how innovative ideas like coordinated guarantees for infrastructure projects (say a road and a township at the end of the road) may work where separate guarantees for individual projects don't make economic sense.Another interesting idea it throws up is in the area of higher education. Given the expensive nature of quality higher education in many developed nations, India could easily earn substantial sums byproviding students from these countries with equally good education at a fraction of the cost and use the surplus to raise its own enrolment ratios. However, it goes on to advocate that the government allow the private sector to avail of this opportunity without explaining why it would then plough the surplus back into educating less lucrative domestic students.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12286188", "title": "City to host passport fair for students in April", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: If the regional passport office (RPO), Bhubaneswar has its way, students would no longer need to stand in serpentine queues to apply for passports. The RPO has decided to organize a series of passport fairs in the city to make the registration process easier for students.The first such fair is scheduled to be held here in April. \"We have not yet fixed the date. But it will surely be held in April. It will be the first of its kind fair in Bhubaneswar,\" passport officer Padma Mahanti told TOI. Details would be chalked out about the number of applications to be received and passports distributed during the proposed fair.On an average, the passport office receives around 300 applications (both general and Tatkal categories) everyday and distributes the same number of passports to applicants, everyday. One-third of these applications are received from students.\"The city has become an education hub. Everyday we notice hordes of young aspirants coming to apply for passports either for pursing higher study or doing jobs abroad,\" Mahanti said.Students expressed their gratitude at the RPO's 'target group' move. \"It will be a huge relief for us. Police personnel should also be present at the fair for speedy verification of applications,\" Sambit Agarwal, an engineering student said.\"Since such fairs cannot be held everyday, the government should open more counters at the RPO to ease off the rush. It will be great if dedicated counters are opened for students and senior citizens,\" Nirmal Mishra, another student, said.RPO authorities said the passport registration and distribution system would be improved in next three months as the proposed Passport Seva Kendra (PSK) would be functional from June. The PSK that was to operate from the OCAC Tower would now function at the RPO building. Interior renovation is going on at the RPO to house the PSK.Like students, the RPO also aims to help Haj pilgrims get passports quickly in June. Another passport fair for Haj pilgrims would be held here on March 25.\"To avoid last minute glitches, we have taken some advance measures so that the Haj applicants do not suffer,\" Mahanti said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12291741", "title": "Amole Gupte wants son to work only with him", "text": "After 11-year-old Partho bagged a national award for his stellar performance in 'Stanley Ka Dabba', proud father Amol Gupte says that a lot of acting offers are pouring for his son since then, but he wants the child-actor to work only with him under until he is 18.Partho essayed the central character of Stanley in the Gupte's directorial venture. It is a heartwarming tale of an orphan who struggles to get 'Dabba' for school. \"There are lot of offers coming for him but I have been rejecting all of them. If he comes to know this then he would abuse...curse me for it. So I would make films with him,\" Amol told PTI.Ask him if Partho would work only under him, pat comes the reply, \"At least till he is 18. Because you will have to give him a four-hour shift on a holiday where he does not miss his school and friends, if you are willing to give that then definitely he will work in any film.\"As a writer-filmmaker, Amol has been highlighting issues relating to children be it in 'Taare Zameen Par' or 'Stanley Ka Dabba' and would like to continue this trend. \"I like to bring up those subjects that entertain as well as highlight an issue. There are lots of things that I want to say related to children. In movies, I want to bring up subjects that are sensitive to children,\" Amol said.So what issues would he like to highlight in his forthcoming film, to which Amol says, \"Children itself are sensitive, my aim is to make films revolving around children, their difficulties and problems.\"Besides, being a writer and director, Amol is also a hands-on actor and appreciated in films like 'Kaminey', which earned him the best villain award besides winning accolades for his roles in, 'Phas Gaye Re Obama' and 'Bheja Fry 2'.But Amol is not that keen on making a career in acting. \"No, I am not doing anything on acting front, I am on a refusal spree. I would get tired if I keep acting and also I won't be able to make films,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12285551", "title": "Congress fumes over statue installation", "text": "NEW DELHI: The ruling BJP in MCD is busy clearing pending projects despite the election code of conduct being in place. The party got the statue of Shyama Prasad Mukherjee installed at MCD headquarters on Thursday. The opposition, which claims BJP's action is \"a clear case of violation of the model code of conduct\", is planning to approach the election commission to report the violation. Meanwhile, BJP has called for a special session of the standing committee on Monday.The installation work began on Wednesday. Congress councillors say that BJP is trying to gain political mileage by approving projects in a hurry and getting the statue installed. \"If the proposal was approved last year, then why did BJP delay it? They are trying to influence the election process by installing the statue now,'' said JK Sharma, leader of the opposition, MCD.However, BJP says the statue was supposed to be inaugurated by VK Malhotra, leader of opposition in Delhi Assembly, at the House meeting in February. \"The programme was cancelled as Malhotra's plan changed. But the proposal was sanctioned last year. We will not unveil the statue now,'' said Subhash Arya, leader of the House, MCD.Meanwhile, the decision to hold a special session of the standing committee on Monday has not gone down well with Congress. BJP claims that the proposals listed on the agenda for Monday's meeting were given in-anticipation approval before the code of conduct came into place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new dekhi", "code": "12285831", "title": "Biker goons stab SC lawyer on KG Marg", "text": "NEW DEKHI: A Supreme Court lawyer was stabbed and robbed by three men on a bike outside Max Mueller Bhavan on Kasturba Gandhi Marg on Wednesday.The victim, Ajmal Edappagath , 42, is a relative of Union minister E Ahamed. He was rushed to Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital where he underwent surgery . His condition is stable , doctors said. Ajmal was robbed of his i-phone , but managed to flee despite serious injuries, police said.Ajmal was returning home from a gymnasium in the Connaught Place area around 10:30pm when the incident took place. \"They stabbed me and asked me for money,\" he said.Police said Ajmal was stopped near Max Mueller Bhavan by three persons on a motorcycle. They stabbed him in the abdomen and in the thigh, they said.Ajmal's younger brother , Abrar, said, \"The assailants asked him for his belongings after stabbing him. He gave them his iphone saying it was all he had. He managed to run away despite injuries.\"Meanwhile, Ajmal covered a distance of 400m - from Max Mueller Bhavan to near his house even as blood oozed out of his wounds, police said.A few shopkeepers, who found him lying near his house, rushed him to hospital and also informed his family and police about the incident, sources said. Ajmal's wife, Sauda, who works with Doordarshan as an assistant camera-person , said, \"He was operated upon and is recovering. I have not yet spoken to him.\" Hospital sources said his life was saved as his vital organs were not damaged .Ajmal is a native of Kannur in Kerala. \" Prima facie it seems to be a case of robbery ,\" said a senior cop. However, police sources said it was too early to rule out enmity as a motive. \"Some persons are being questioned. CCTV footage of the area is also being analyzed,\" a senior police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12285202", "title": "Truck drivers in Nanded main customers of opium: Police", "text": "PUNE: Truck drivers taking a journey break at Nanded were the main customers for poppy straw products that came from the six districts in Maharashtra where poppy cultivation was exposed in the last three weeks.\"The drivers are known to consume poppy straw products to overcome fatigue resulting from long driving hours and often get addicted to the substance,\" said Sudarshan Munde, police inspector from Beed, who is tracking the movement of poppy crops from the farms to the processing units and finally to the customers.While the permitted monthly consumption of opium was supposed to be around 10,600 kg in Nanded, the actual supply of poppy straws was close to 20 quintal per week, said Munde.The Beed police have unearthed illegal poppy cultivation to the tune of 44 tonne in Parli tehsil of Beed district. The state police exposed poppy cultivation in Sangli, Satara, Pune, Osmanabad and Aurangabad districts. The Beed police have arrested four traders, two from Nanded and one each from Beed and Latur districts, who were purchasing poppy straws, transporting the material, making narcotic substances and selling them. All are booked under Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act, 1985, for unauthorized poppy crops cultivation.Munde said, \"There is a large demand for poppy grown in Beed district - known as Parli brand, because of its higher potency. Hence traders like Narayan Irbatanwar from Latur started sourcing poppy straws from Beed. He used to process them at his place in Shirur-Tajband and supply it to Nanded.\"\"Sometimes, the poppy straws were soaked in water and the concoction was consumed by the drivers,\" said Munde. The concoction looked so innocuous, that nobody could guess that the \"drinking water\" provided to drivers in steel containers or bottles, was heavily laced with poppy straw, he said.Some members of the Sikh community having a strong base in Nanded are allowed to consume opium of low potency as part of medical treatment. Taking advantage of it, traders like Makkhan Singh and Satnam Singh posed as license holders and started distributing opium among the drivers, who in turn transported it to other parts of the country, Munde said.\"The family members told police that if the poppy straw is not given to the driver, the driver used to get violent. So the family members allowed the drivers to consume opium, in whatever form it was available,\" said Munde who has recorded statements of some family members.The traders - Satnam Singh, Makkhan Singh, Shrikrushna Kekane and Narayan Irbatanwar - were remanded to magisterial custody, Munde said.EoM/ND", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12289364", "title": "An action-packed sports fest", "text": "The first sports fest of this prominent college in the city turned out to be an action-packed and fun filled do. Students had a complete dhamaal competing with teams from different colleges.While the boys flaunted their skills in cricket and volley ball, the girls exhibited their proficiency in carrom and tug-of-war. Games such as hit the dart, slow drag and online-gaming were the few out of the box ones.The girl power too was in action and even flexed their bit of dam in the game of tug of war where Sonam, Priyanka and Deepika were among those sweating out the most.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "12285113", "title": "Man dies as tempo overturns", "text": "AURANGABAD: One person died on the spot, while 25 others were injured when the tempo they were travelling in turned turtle in Osmanabad district on Thursday.Inspector Sunil Pujari of the Osmanabad rural police said that 32 people from Lamjhana in Ausa taluka of Latur district were traveling to Gad-Deodhadi to attend a religious function. The driver lost control over the vehicle on a narrow road in a small ghat, a few kilometres from Gad-Deodhadi. The tempo turned turtle killing one person and injuring 25.The police rushed all the injured to the Osmanabad civil hospital where the doctors declared Naseer Bakshu Ladkhan (22) dead on arrival. The condition of one of the injured is critical, while the remaining 24 are out of danger, said Pujari. The police have registered a case in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12283558", "title": "Man gets life term for killing wife", "text": "CHENNAI: A 42-year-old man has been sentenced to life term after being found guilty of murdering his wife. R Sethumadhavan, sessions judge, mahalir court, passed the order on Thursday.E Ravi married Umarani in 2005 and the couple had two daughters. Ravi was unemployed and his wife frequently complained to her neighbours and family of his abusive treatment. For a year, Umarani and her children stayed with her mother Kodi Pavunu in Villupuram.In May 2005, Ravi promised to turn over a new leaf and requested Pavunu to send his family back. However, phone calls from her daughter resurfaced saying Ravi was trying to strangle her and that he was beating her. On August 15, 2005, Ravi caught Umarani speaking to their house owner. An hour after that, she was rushed to the hospital. She died five days later.Using witness testimonies, special public prosecutor Gowri Ashokan proved that Ravi alone was last seen with Umarani when she was alive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12285079", "title": "Heat on Sohrabuddin case\u2019s key witnesses", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Only a handful of important witnesses in the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case, who are also accused in the Popular Builders' firing case, have not retracted their statements. The accused who have not retracted from their statements are now facing arrest in different cases.The most important two of them - builder brothers Raman and Dashrath Patel were picked up by the Surat crime branch for interrogation last week in a two-decade old case. The third one - Ramzan Qureshi alias Ramzan Don alias Gandhi - is now facing detention under the Gujarat Prevention of Anti Social Activities Act (PASA).Those who are accused in the 2004 firing incident at Navrangpura are key witnesses in the 2005 fake encounter case. It was on the basis of their accounts that the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) arrested former MoS Amit Shah and former city crime branch chief Abhay Chudasama in 2010. It was on their statements that CBI put forth the theory that extortion was the motive for which the gangster was bumped off by cops.Of those who are accused in the firing case and are important witnesses in fake encounter case, Sohrabuddin's brother Nayamuddin, his friends Noor Mohammed Ghoghari and Mahendrasinh Zala and his former aide Azam Khan from Udaipur had turned hostile. However, CBI then got their statements recorded for a second time. This time the three gave their statements before judicial magistrates. In their second statements, the witnesses said that they had retracted their earlier statements under duress.While Surat police resurrected the 20-year-old land dispute case against the owners of the Popular Builders, Qureshi is set to go to prison due to infighting among the accused. Qureshi and 25 others allegedly attacked Ghoghari during a hearing of the firing case on the sessions court campus at Bhadra in June. A month after registration of FIR against him, Qureshi and his associates allegedly threatened Ghoghari and his brother again on court campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12284099", "title": "Centre's new coal block policy to hit Bihar hard", "text": "PATNA: In yet another major blow to power-starved Bihar, the Union government has come up with a new policy for allocation of coal blocks to states on a minimum reserve price as against previous practice of giving it free of cost. Under the new policy, only the rich states which could pay huge price would get coal block mines while poor states like Bihar will be deprived of the facility and remain backward in power generation.The coal ministry issued a gazette notification on February 2 which provides procedure for allocation of area containing cost of government companies and the Centre will fix a reserve price for each of the area.Even a low reserve price of Rs 250 per MT would mean that for 1000 million MT, a state would need to pay Rs 25,000 crore to get a coal block mine, said Rajib Ranjan, a technocrat and former head of Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh state power boards,.Suspecting a big scam in the coal sector, Ranjan said the private companies were allocated over 11,000 MMT of coal blocks during 2007-09 for free as against only 813 MMT to the government companies. \"If each MT of coal costs Rs 800 then each MMT would cost Rs 80 crore. This makes the allocation to the private players to be worth Rs 8,80,000 crore,\" said Ranjan who is also the JD(U) MLA from Islampur. He said most allotments to private companies were made before the last Lok Sabha elections in 2009.Interestingly, despite heavy allocation of coal blocks to private companies, they generated 46,111 MW as on January 12 as against 83,605 ME power generated by the state utilities. \"The coal mines should be de-allocated and given to poor states like Bihar,\" Ranjan said.He alleged that this policy makes a mockery of the government whose companies like Coal India were unable to keep up with the supply of coal to power plants and the item needs to be imported at much higher costs. On the other hand, the average power tariff has increased by over 50% in most states since 2007.Ranjan said Bihar had been treated with discrimination and allocated only 266 MMT coal blocks in Urma Pahritora mine in Jharkhand which was found to be of inferior quality and not suitable for power generation. This allocation had been made in partnership with the Jharkhand power board, thus, making Bihar dependent on the neighbouring state. Since 1993 no mine has been allocated to the Bihar power board. \"That is the major cause that no power plant could be started in Bihar and the existing public companies are starved of coal,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12289565", "title": "Rajinikanth's first song for AR Rahman", "text": "The Superstar turned singer after a couple of decades and recorded a special song for his upcoming film KochadaiyaanWe heard that Kochaidayaan was going to have Japanese version and the latest on this movie is that Superstar Rajinikanth has turned singer as well! He has now crooned a composition of Oscarwinner A R Rahman for his forthcoming film.A source close to the development says, \"It is true that Rajini sir has sung a number Kochaidaiyaan. This has not been tuned like a full-fledged song that requires a professional singer but more like a versetype number that has a lot of emphasis of the lyrics.\"The lines of the song have been ace lyricist Vairamuthu, who is a regular in Rahman-Rajini films. It is said that this special song uses a lot of words that would blend with the subject of the film, which is a period drama.Adds the source, \"Rahman is very happy with the output of the song and is thrilled to have recorded a song with 'singer' Superstar for the first time. As expected, this will be one of the highlights of the album but there are more surprises that he has in store for fans of Rajinikanth.\"The last time Rajini sung a song was way back in 1992 for the Adikuthu Kuluru... number from the film Mannan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12274721", "title": "Sonali Gupta &amp; Sandeep Verma's lavish reception", "text": "Model and emcee Sonali Gupta recently married Sandeep Verma, and threw a lavish reception for her family and friends in the capital.Sonali ditched the conventional red, and wore a fuschia-coloured lehenga. We spotted singers Akriti Kakkar and Shibani Kashyap here, who wore traditional salwar suits for the wedding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12285781", "title": "Asha Bhosle locks horns with Sadhana", "text": "MUMBAI: A garden has become the bone of contention between yesteryear actress Sadhana and singer Asha Bhosle .Sadhana is a tenant in Sangeeta Bungalow, which Bhosle owns. Now, Bhosle has complained to the Khar police against Sadhana for unlawfully claiming possession of the garden outside her house.While Bhosle is in Dubai , her lawyer Vikram Trivedi told TOI, \"We filed a complaint in January and want the police to lodge an FIR against her. Sadhana is just a tenant, but is claiming tenancy in respect of the garden abutting the ground premises in Sangeeta Bungalow, which is Bhosle's property.\" He alleged that Sadhana is not giving Bhosle's representatives free access to the garden. Bhosle has also sent a legal notice to Sadhana.Sadhana denies unlawful possession of the garden. \"I live on the ground floor, I have to walk through the garden to enter my house. I am a senior citizen and will definitely not let anyone to peep into my house on the pretext of measuring the area outside the house. Asha claims that I have stopped her from using the garden but she never stepped into this building. Besides, how can I be a trespasser when I been living here as a tenant for 50 years,\" asked Sadhana.Sadhana said, \"Asha called me three years ago, informing me about her redevelopment plans for the bungalow and that she would be sending someone to talk to me. I told her I would not mind moving out provided an accommodation equivalent to the space I occupy here be given to me. But nothing happened.\"Sadhana said she was not aware of any police complaint against her. BJP's Shaina NC, said, \"Sadhana is a tenant of 50 years. I will take up this case with the police chief.\"Senior inspector of Santa Cruz police station, Madhukar Chaudhary, said, \"Asha Bhosale has complained that Sadhana is using her garden. But we have no role to play in it. It's a civil dispute and they should approach the court.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12285325", "title": "Rs 40L robbed after holding baby to ransom", "text": "PANCHKULA: In a broad daylight robbery, cash and jewellery valued around Rs 40 lakh were stolen from a Sector 7 house after pointing a gun at an eight-month-old baby girl. Three thieves had entered the residence of Modis on the pretext of issuing smart cards.Two of them, Arun and Deepak, alias Gora, have been arrested. Police have recovered some valuables and a sedan from their possession.\"Nitin Modi, the baby's father, was in his office and his mother had gone to a temple when the three persons approached his wife, Sakshi. They told her that they had come to issue smart cards. When Sakshi, who was along with her eight-month-old baby girl, Raica, refused to let them in, the youths asked for water, \" station house officer of Sector 5 police station inspector Ajay Singh said.\"When she returned with water, they pointed a gun at Raica and told Sakshi to hand over to them all jewellery and cash. One of them threatened to inject the baby with cobra's poison,\" he added.\"At that time, by chance a neighbour came and knocked at their door. As the robbers tried to flee with the valuables, Sakshi raised an alarm, hearing which other neighbours came out and nabbed Arun,\" said another officer.\"Their third accomplice, Lucky, will be arrested soon. Arun is from Jalandhar and was staying at Manimajra,\" said public relations officer of Panchkula police inspector Raj Kumar. On February 16, Nitin, a realtor, had alleged that around eight to nine youths tried to kidnap him and robbed him of Rs 1 lakh near Inderdhanush Auditorium, Sector 5, here, when he had gone to a near-by petrol pump.SHO of Mansa Devi Complex (MDC) police station Dalip Kumar said, \"On June 16, 2010, Nitin was also involved in another case along with his three to four friends for kidnapping Mohan, who had to return Nitin's money. The case was later closed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12285389", "title": "More phones than toilets in city homes", "text": "MUMBAI: Call it a fitting paradox of life in the country's financial capital. Over 94% of Mumbai's homes own telephones, but merely 55% of suburban households have toilets. Nearly 85,000 of about 26 lakh homes in the city lack tap water and 75,000 are without electricity, reveals district-level findings of Census 2011, released on Thursday. And cramped existence is most evident from the fact that nearly three out of five Mumbai homes are one-room structures.The squalid portrait of living conditions coming out of the Census comes as no surprise to sociologists and urban experts, who pertinently say that more than half of Mumbai lives in slums. \"A large proportion of people in Mumbai live in slums, which would mean poor living conditions, though they can have material benefits like cellphones, since most of them are working individuals,\" said S Parasuraman, director, Tata Institute of Social Sciences.Urban watchers say the lack of sanitation is of particular concern for a city vying for a global tag. The Census findings show that over 45% of households in the suburbs and 33% in the island city have no toilets, and the members of 2% and 1.5% of these households defecate in the open. \"Basic toilets are a fundamental amenity and their absence in a city like Mumbai reflects general neglect in terms of sanitation policy. People themselves often lack the space and money to build toilets,\" said demographic expert P Arokiasamy of the International Institute for Population Sciences. He said the lack of sanitation in turn poses health and environmental hazards. \"The presence of public toilets is not an alternative as they are difficult to access, particularly by women and children.\"The Census findings also underline a demographic shift of the population at play. While the number of households in the island city has dipped marginally, homes in the suburbs have increased from 17.7 lakh to 20.2 lakh between 2001 and 2011. Worryingly, congestion in the suburbs has marginally worsened living conditions as spelt out by the indicators. While 98% of suburban Mumbaikars had access to tap water a decade ago, 96% have so now. Also, one percent less suburban homes have electricity now compared to 2001. Arokiasamy said this could be due to the mushrooming of slums in newer suburban areas.With all its failings, Mumbai provides better facilities than other districts of Maharashtra. In Beed, Gadchiroli, Osmanabad and Nandurbar for instance, over 70% of households do not have toilets. Human rights activist and advocate Mihir Desai said the findings reveal the skewed nature of the state's development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12292480", "title": "Survivor India's grand finale to be an explosive affair", "text": "The grand finale of \" Survivor India\" has turned out to be an explosive affair. The tension was palpable between Rohit Narang and finalist JD Majethia, who were the major masterminds of the series.Skeletons came out of the closet when Rajesh Khera openly confronted Rohit on the treachery he committed against him, leaving Rohit speechless. \"I hope this is not the way Rohit operates with people in real life,\" seethed Khera.The top three survivors - Stithpragya Mohan, Rajrani and JD - have to impress the jury now as the power to choose the winner of the show is in the hands of Rohit, Munisha Khatwani, Abhinav Shukla, Payal Rohatgi , Sangram Singh, Harrison and Shivam.With a shot at winning the grand prize of `1 crore, the stakes are very high for the three finalists of \"Survivor India\". Who will take the crown and who will bow out of competition? Tune into the grand finale of \"Survivor India\" tonight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12285899", "title": "Raja who has always rode roughshod", "text": "LUCKNOW: Raghuraj Pratap Singh, better known as Raja Bhaiya, is MLA from Kunda since 1993. He was 26 when he won his political spurs, first proving his usefulness to his political masters in 1997 when he split the BSP to help form the BJP government in UP. A majority of MLAs who defected from BSP were Thakurs.In May 2002, Mayawati's BSP emerged as the single largest party and she formed the ministry that lasted a year. She had her revenge, striking at him by booking him under Prevention of Terrorism Act (POTA) after police found one AK-56 assault rifle , 36 cartridges, two wireless sets and 800 gm explosive from his palace in January 2003.There were 44 criminal cases against him then, which included extortion , land-grabbing that included a lake owned by the government, misusing public property, and threatening public servants. He was packed off to jail by the Mayawati government.Within 30 minutes of Mulayam Singh Yadav's coming to power in August 2003 engineered through defections , charges under POTA against Raja Bhaiya were dropped. He got bail and was made minister for food and civil supplies. All this paid SP handsomely in 2004 when it won 35 Lok Sabha seats. In many of these, Thakur votes were crucial.However, Raja Bhaiya had to resign within months when the Supreme Court quashed Mulayam government's order of removing POTA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12291220", "title": "Budget 2012: Text of Pranab Mukherjee's speech", "text": "Madam Speaker,I rise to present the Union Budget for 2012-13.For the Indian economy, this was a year of recovery interrupted. When one year ago, I rose to present the Budget, the challenges were many, but there was a sense that the world economy was on the mend. The Budget was presented in the first glimmer of hope. But reality turned out to be different. The sovereign debt crisis in the Euro zone intensified, political turmoil in Middle East injected widespread uncertainty, crude oil prices rose, an earthquake struck Japan and the overall gloom refused to lift.2. While I believe that there should be no room for complacency, nor any excuse for what happens in one's own country, we will be misled if we ignore the ground realities of the world. The global crisis has affected us. India's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) is estimated to grow by 6.9 per cent in 2011-12, after having grown at the rate of 8.4 per cent in each of the two preceding years. Though we have been able to limit the adverse impact of this slowdown on our economy, this year's performance has been disappointing. But it is also a fact that in any cross-country comparison, India still remains among the front runners in economic growth.3. For the better part of the past two years, we had to battle near double-digit headline inflation. Our monetary and fiscal policy response during this period was geared towards taming domestic inflationary pressures. A tight monetary policy impacted investment and consumption growth. The fiscal policy had to absorb expanded outlays on subsidies and duty reductions to limit the pass-through of higher fuel prices to consumers. As a result growth moderated and the fiscal balance deteriorated.4. But there is good news in the detail. With agriculture and services continuing to perform well, India's slowdown can be attributed almost entirely to weak industrial growth. While we do not have aggregate figures for the last quarter of 2011-12, numerous indicators pertaining to this period suggest that the economy is now turning around. There are signs of recovery in coal, fertilisers, cement and electricity sectors. These are core sectors that have an impact on the entire economy. Indian manufacturing appears to be on the cusp of a revival.5. We are now at a juncture when it is necessary to take hard decisions. We have to improve our macroeconomic environment and strengthen domestic growth drivers to sustain high growth in the medium term. We have to accelerate the pace of reforms and improve supply side management of the economy.6. We are about to enter the first year of the Twelfth Five Year Plan which aims at \"faster, sustainable and more inclusive growth.\" The Plan will be launched with the Budget proposals for 2012-13. In keeping with the stated priorities, I have identified five objectives that we must address effectively in the ensuing fiscal year. These are:Focus on domestic demand driven growth recovery;Create conditions for rapid revival of high growth in private investment;Address supply bottlenecks in agriculture, energy and transport sectors, particularly in coal, power, national highways, railways and civil aviation;Intervene decisively to address the problem of malnutrition especially in the 200 high-burden districts; andExpedite coordinated implementation of decisions being taken to improve delivery systems, governance, and transparency; and address the problem of black money and corruption in public life.7. Today, India has global responsibilities of a kind that it did not have earlier. Our presence at the high table of global economic policy makers is a matter of some satisfaction. It, however, places new responsibilities on our shoulders. If India can continue to build on its economic strength, it can be a source of stability for the world economy and provide a safe destination for restless global capital.8. I know that mere words are not enough. What we need is a credible roadmap backed by a set of implementable proposals to meet those objectives. In my attempt to do so, I have benefited from the able guidance of Hon'ble Prime Minister, Dr. Manmohan Singh, and strong support of the UPA Chairperson Smt. Sonia Gandhi.I would now begin with a brief overview of the economy.Overview of the Economy9. Yesterday, I laid on the table of the House the Economic Survey2011-12, which gives a detailed analysis of the economy over the past 12 months. India's GDP is estimated to grow at 6.9 per cent in real terms in 2011-12. The growth is estimated to be 2.5 per cent in agriculture, 3.9 per cent in industry and 9.4 per cent in services. There is a significant slowdown in comparison to the preceding two years, primarily due to deceleration in industrial growth, more specifically in private investment. Rising cost of credit and weak domestic business sentiment, added to this decline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12283702", "title": "New norms for selection of central law officers kicks up a storm", "text": "CHENNAI: The proposed revamp of the entire structure of central government law officers in the Madras high court, and the new selection method to pick new set of law officers, have kicked up a storm among aspirants in the state.The Centre, fighting several thousand cases pending in the high court and the Central Administrative Tribunal ( CAT) together, has a four-tier law office. While the additional solicitor-general of South India heads the force and represents the Centre in all the four southern states, each high court has an assistant solicitor-general. Besides the two, there is a set of senior panel counsel and the central government standing counsel.In the Madras high court, there are a little over 200 central government advocates, of whom 130 were removed last month. As individual dismissal orders had not been sent to advocates, it was presumed that the decision had been kept in abeyance. Now, with a view to have a 'lean, mean and efficient' set of law officers, the Centre has embarked on a selection process, which is set to commence on Friday when the first 'interaction meeting' is scheduled to be held for all aspirants who had applied for the posts.Last year, the Centre introduced a set of norms to usher in a culture of better accountability and performance by its panel of lawyers.\"Though there is nothing wrong in the intention per se , two issues hurt those who were in the panel for a long time. First, there is no explanation yet as to why were removed by a 'Friday the 13th' order,\" fumed an advocate, who represents several other banks and central government undertakings as well. \"Secondly, making senior members of the Bar to attend an 'interview' for the position, which offers no big monetary benefit, is unfair. The Centre has to only verify the way we had handled the bundles entrusted to us, and the result. We feel embarrassed to sit in front of a junior official of the union law ministry and answer queries,\" he said.Either restricting the number of panels permissible for an advocate or denying him the ornamental central government position on the ground that he was already a panel counsel for a PSU or bank too would harm career prospects, feel young aspirants. \"Except marriage, previous experience adds to premium of a candidate in every field. If I am capable of representing more than one entity effectively, then my efficiency should not be held against me ,\" said another lawyer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12285660", "title": "Samajwadi Party workers live up to \u2018old\u2019 image", "text": "LUCKNOW: Raucous Samajwadi Party supporters on Thursday gave yet more indication of what may lie in store for Akhilesh Yadav when they smashed furniture and tore down decoration at the famed La Martiniere grounds here, the venue of UP's youngest CM's swearing-in.There was rumpus well before the entire cabinet and state ministers could be sworn in, with party workers raising slogans of \"Akhilesh Bhaiyya zindabad\" even while the ministers were being administered oath of office. All that could be heard was the din.Such was the excitement of SP supporters that Akhilesh's repeated signaling, asking them to pipe down, was lost on them. Things came to a head after the swearing-in, though, when the youthful leader left for tea with the governor.A senior party leader like Azam Khan, too, was not spared, jostled and cramped. SP workers clambered on to the stage to explode with excitement before the waiting cameras. Khan and other freshly sworn-in ministers were unable to make their way down.After waiting patiently for some time, Khan ran out of sufferance, which led to a scuffle and angry words with his own party workers. Waqar Ahmed Shah, another senior minister, was helped down the stage by party workers.The unpleasantness did not dampen the spirits of the scores on the stage. Not content with tearing down floral decorations, they flung the mangled remains at the video cameras. By the time it all ended, the place resembled a war-torn monument, with broken flower pots strewn around amid other mess. It was proof if it were required: SP was back with an ear-splitting bang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12284323", "title": "Man, family held for killing wife", "text": "MADURAI: The district police arrested a person and his family on Thursday, for killing his wife and terming it as a suicide in Elumalai in the district limits.V Selvam from Elumalai filed a complaint with the police that his wife, Muthulakshmi hanged herself to death on Wednesday. Based on his compliant, Elumalai police had registered a case and started the investigation. However, police investigation revealed that Selvam and his family were actually involved in the killing of Muthulakshmi but tried to frame it as suicide.Muthulakshmi was married to Selvam four months ago and ever since, the family was harassing her for the dowry. The family was running a brick kiln. Their neighbour, Veeriah who was also running a brick kiln in the area is a close relative of Muthulakshmi. However, there was rivalry between the families of Selvam and Veeriah and Muthulakshmi talking with his family members irked Selvam and others even more. The family used to chide the girl over this.In February, Muthulakshmi returned to her home since Selvam's family was persistent over the dowry. She returned to her husband's house recently after her relatives held talks with Selvam and his family. Under these circumstances, the family decided to get rid of Muthulakshmi and on Wednesday at around 3 am, Veeramani, Selvam's sister and her husband Baskaran suffocated Muthulakshmi to death with a pillow.Selvam's mother, Vasiammal kept watch on the neighbourhood while the killing took place. Later, the family hung the body of the victim in a rope so as to term it as a suicide. Based on their investigation, the police arrested Selvam, Baskaran, Veeramani, Vasiammal and his father Marisamy on murder charges. The district police have warned stringent measures against the people involved in dowry harassment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12283726", "title": "Will be back in Delhi soon: Anna Hazare", "text": "PUNE: Social activist Anna Hazare on Thursday announced his plans to campaign across the country for a strong Lokpal Bill in the run up to the 2014 Lok Sabha elections. He said he would be back at Delhi's Ramlila Maidan for his agitation for an effective legislation once the poll dates are declared.\"Our next target will be the 2014 general elections. Till that time, I will meet people and create awareness about a strong Lokpal,'' he said on the sidelines of a book release function in Pune. He said his tour would continue for one-and-a-half years and begin in the next few months. \"When the general elections are declared, I will be back at Ramlila Maidan and the people will be on the streets to support a strong Lokpal Bill,'' he said. ``I will discuss various issues including expansion of (my) existing core team. I will step out for a nationwide tour once the future course of action is decided.''Hazare said he would tell the people about the government having cheated them by not tabling a strong Lokpal Bill in the Parliament. ``I would expose the government's reluctance to bring in a strong Bill.'' The activist said he would meet his team and others in Delhi to decide the future course of action before that.The activist said he will not talk to the government unless it invited him to discuss the Bill. \"Talks were held with the government for almost one year, but the government created hurdles at every step of the way, right from the constitution of the joint committee to presenting the Bill in the Parliament,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12290792", "title": "Raids on firm linked with former Tamil Nadu governor's son", "text": "CHENNAI: A business firm connected with the son of former Tamil Nadu governor S S Barnala, a former vice-chancellor of Anna University and some of its employees today came under the vigilance scanner over alleged irregularities in purchase of electronic equipment for the top technical institution.Directorate of vigilance and anti-corruption officials conducted searches at the premises of M/s Barnas International Pvt Ltd, of which Barnala's son Jasjith Singh is the Chairman and Managing Director.A probe was conducted based on information that some officials of Anna University in connivance with Barnas International Pvt Ltd, Chennai, had allegedly fabricated quotations in the names of other companies in limited tender called for purchase of electronic items for various departments of the University to purchase them from Barnas, a DVAC release said.Those whose premises were searched included former Vice-Chancellor of Anna University, D Viswanathan, PM Najimudeen, CEO, Barnas International and P Narayanasamy, Professor, Department of Computer Science, Anna University.Besides, R Yeswanthakumar, Head, Surveillance/Manager (Projects), Barnas International and K Nagarajan, an Assistant in the Department of Computer Science, Anna University also came under vigilance scanner, the release said.Case had been filed against these persons besides some unknown public servants of Anna University under different sections of IPC such as cheating, forgery and criminal conspiracy, it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12284498", "title": "Rail unions back Trivedi on fare hike", "text": "NEW DELHI: Railway unions on Thursday came out strongly in support of Dinesh Trivedi who is set to lose his ministership with his party Trinamool Congress opposing the hike in passenger fares in the rail budget.The unions also warned against any move to rollback the fare hike.Making an appeal to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, a federation of railway employees said the hike in rail fare was long overdue and they would not accept any rollback. \"All the federations of the Indian Railways staff and officers wholeheartedly support the fare hike announced by Dinesh Trivedi,\" the federation said, adding that it was not in favour of a rollback which would adversely impact rail safety and also hit financial stability and sustainability of the railways.\"Rollback without matching subsidy from the general exchequer will push the Indian Railways to the brink of collapse,\" it said.The unions had strongly supported hike in passenger fares earlier too, fearing that the railways could go the Air India way if attempts were not made to improve its financial health.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12283024", "title": "UK FII again warns govt on CIL pricing", "text": "MUMBAI: The Children's Investment Fund Management (TCI), a UK-based FII that earlier this week threatened to take legal action against PSU major Coal India (CIL), has shot off another letter to the government warning that the abuse of minority shareholders' rights may jeopardize India's position as a good investment destination among global investors.The UK-based fund, which works towards improving the lives of underprivileged children in developing countries, is the largest non-government shareholder in CIL with a 1% holding currently valued at about Rs 2,200 crore.The letter is addressed to Alok Preti, secretary, ministry of coal, by Oscar Veldhuijzen, a partner with the UK-based fund.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12283895", "title": "MIL to put up solar fence to check stray animal menace on runway", "text": "NAGPUR: After planning to appoint an expert animal trapping firm to keep away stray and wild animals from the operational area, the Mihan India Limited (MIL) now has fixed plans to isolate the 3200-meter main runway from the rest of the area by putting up a 1.5 meter high exclusive 'solar fence'. MIL officials believe that after so many failed efforts, this is the only solution that can prevent any animal intrusion on the runway at the Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar International airport.MIL chief operating officer (COO), Abadesh Prasad informed that despite initiating efforts like installation of zon guns, using fire crackers and even appointing team of experts to guard the runway, animal intrusion on runway has continued. As the final step to provide an animal-free runway,MIL chairman and managing director UPS Madan recently approved a 25 lakh proposal to install solar fencing on both sides of the runway. The solar company which has been awarded the contract will be responsible for maintenance and repairing of the fencing for the next five years.Prasad informed that solar fencing can check unwelcome intruder the moment it touches the fence. It also gives a sharp, short but safe shock which is enough to create fear among stray animals like pigs, dogs and even monkeys that have created havoc at the city airport in last few years.An alarm will also get activated and alert the guards posted at the protected area and help them counter the animal. With the solar fence at place, the burden on expert animal trapper's team will be reduced and will have to concentrate only on Alpha, Bravo and Air Force taxiways trapping and relocating animals from airport area, Prasad explained.TOI has reported several times that animals like deer, monkeys, dogs and pigs frequent the airport operational area. Records too show that pilots have had to delay take-offs or abort landings almost 35 times in last five years (since 2007) after seeing animals on the runway. In 20 such cases, major disasters were averted when animals actually hit the aircraft.Taking cognisance of TOI reports the then civil aviation minister Vyalar Ravi, directorate general of civil aviation (DGCA), chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and even National Commission for Human Rights (NHRC), in letters written to MIL officials, have asked to initiate concrete steps and install solar fencing around the runway, Prasad added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12284551", "title": "Now, NCP may arm-twist MNS", "text": "NASHIK: By staying away from the mayoral poll and sitting in the opposition, the NCP and, likewise, the Congress, have tried to show that no ideological compromise has been made to grab power. The NCP, through Chhagan Bhujbal as the guardian and the PWD minister, would be in a position to arm-twist MNS, as there are big stakes involved.During the NMC poll campaign, Raj Thackeray had accused Bhujbal senior of patronizing criminals and inducting them into the NCP. Incidentally, after the polls, NCP men with criminal records are facing action. For instance, Suhas Kande, who was externed, was arrested in the city on WednesdayThe NCP was initially keen on gaining control and had even offered the mayor's chair to RPI on hopes that Ramdas Athavale will be able to rope in Sena-BJP support, thereby keeping out the MNS. The Bhujbal clan has been firmly entrenched in Nashik's politics.While Bhujbal is the guardian minister, his nephew Sameer is an MP and son Pankaj, an MLA from Nandgaon. Considering that the Bhujbals would like not only to consolidate their position but also to increase their hold for the 2014 polls, attempts were being made to work out some permutation combination, but in vain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12285292", "title": "155 stolen heritage items recovered", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Stolen furniture items reportedly designed by world-renowned architects Le Corbusier and his cousin Pierre Jeanneret were seized during a raid on two godowns on Thursday. These had been snitched from different buildings of UT for smuggling abroad.During the raid on a godown in Kaimbwala and another in Nayagaon, UT police recovered over 155 such articles. Bhupinder Singh, 25, of Sector 18, who has a furniture shop, has been arrested, as he owns one of the godowns. The seized articles include 21 legs of chairs, five chairs with leg support, 22 chair seats without legs, one lecture stand, four chairs with black sets and a wooden triangle.DSP (crime) Satbir Singh said, \"During interrogation, Bhupinder confessed that he used to smuggle parts of the furniture to foreign countries. The godown in Kaimbwala belongs to him and the other one to Jai Bhagwan, who is on the run.\"Two officials of Chandigarh architect department, Rajesh Katoch and Harminder Singh, identified the furniture items designed by Corbusier and Jeanneret. All items were seized under Section 102 of the CrPC.The UT administration has been drawing flak for auction of heritage furniture articles abroad. Many of these have gone under the hammer at Artcurial Auction House in Paris. The police had started a probe into the auctions after the UT administration lodged a case on February 17, 2011.A senior cop said, \"There is a possibility that we might contact the managements of Artcurial Auction House, Paris, and other auction houses.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12284166", "title": "Congress high command seeks feedback on Gehlot govt", "text": "JAIPUR: Jolted by the recent assembly results in five states, the Congress high command has begun taking a feedback on the Ashok Gehlot government in Rajasthan where elections are due in December 2013.Union minister and party affairs in-charge for Rajasthan, Mukul Wasnik sought views of elected representatives and party office-bearers of three districts in this regard on Thursday. Minister in-charges and Congress's local office-bearers of Alwar, Ajmer and Baran districts were first to be summoned to New Delhi in the series of such meetings planned.At the same time, another group of disgruntled legislators who were camping in Delhi met Wasnik to register their protests against remaining 'unheard' by the Gehlot government.The political buzz gained momentum when reports came about Gehlot and PCC chief Chandrabhan reaching Delhi late Thursday night. Gehlot and Chandrabhan, though, were there in connection with the selection of party's Rajya Sabha candidates from the state. Last date for filing the Rajya Sabha nominations is March 19.Like in the states where Congress performed badly recently, the party has been facing internal bickerings in Rajasthan too. Making the matters worse here, the desert state has been witnessing even open criticism of ministers and the government's style of functioning of late. Sources said the party high command has planned the 'direct' feedbacks to avoid a similar debacle in the December 2013 polls.Minister in-charges of districts Brij Kishore Sharma (for Alwar), Bina Kak (for Ajmer) and Giriraj Singh Malinga (for Baran), along with the legislators and the party general secretary and secretary in-charges and the district presidents were in Delhi to give their feedback in the first phase. The representatives of remaining districts, too, would be called soon in the alphabetical order.Health minister AA Khan who represents Tijara constituency in Alwar district was also in Delhi. Political analysts pointed how the office-bearers in these three districts were largely loyalists of union ministers Bhanwar Jitendra Singh (Alwar) and Sachin Pilot (Ajmer) and former state minister Pramod Jain 'Bhaya' (Baran).According to sources, the separate group of peeved legislators included Col Sonaram (Baytoo), Rajendra Singh Bidhuri (Begun), Ganga Sahay Sharma (Amber) and Udai Lal Anjna (Nimbahera). The group, which had presence of loyalists of the union minister and Gehlot's competitor within the party, CP Joshi , is believed to have expressed their resentment against being 'sidelined' by the state leadership.At the party meetings held in Jaipur in the recent past, the legislators and the office-bearers alike have openly criticised the ministers and the bureaucrats for ignoring them at the cost of the electorate. One these meetings were attended by Wasnik too.The differences between the government and the ruling party members reached to an extent that chief minister Gehlot had to convene a joint meeting of the ministers and the office-bearers at his residence before the launch of a three-day programme to create awareness among people on the government's welfare and flagship schemes last month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12288657", "title": "Puri Jagannath is on the fast track", "text": "Post \"Businessman\", director Puri Jagannath is a busy man with many projects in hand. But unlike other Tollywood filmmakers, he is one director who completes his films in record time.Now the filmmaker has a project with Ravi Teja, and also another one with Pawan Kalyan, that was launched on Wednesday.\"I started my career with Pawan Kalyan's \"Badri\" and I'm really looking forward to working with him again in \"Cameraman Ganga Tho Rambabu\",\" says Puri. This action venture, which will be the director's 25th film, tells the story of a news reporter. The director said that he will release his movie on October 18. Earlier, for \"Businessman\" too, Puri had set his release date way in advance and ensure he finished the movie in the stipulated time. He says he is confident of doing the same again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12290171", "title": "Union Budget 2012-13: Efforts on for consensus on 51% FDI in multi-brand retail", "text": "NEW DELHI: The finance minister Pranab Mukherjee in his Budget speech said that efforts were on to arrive at a political consensus on the issue of allowing 51 per cent Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) in multi-brand retail.The retail sector of the economy has been constantly pushing for allowing foreign direct investment (FDI) in multi-brand retail.The Economic Survey 2011-12 also advocated the case for FDI in multi-brand retail.The much-talked about FDI in multi-brand retail would come into effect in a \"phased\" manner, beginning from metropolitan cities, the Economic Survey had said.It said that allowing foreign direct investment in multi-brand retail is one of the major issues in the services sector, but the move would address problems relating to food inflation, low prices realised by farmers and investment gaps in post-harvest infrastructure for agricultural produce.While the decision on FDI in the multi-brand sector has been suspended, the government has gone ahead with increasing foreign investment level in single-brand retail to 100 per cent from the earlier 51 per cent.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "12286250", "title": "Fishermen demand protection of marine species", "text": "KENDRAPADA: The Odisha Traditional Fish Workers' Union (OTFWU) is demanding mobile marine reserves in the Odisha coast to protect sea turtles, dolphins and other marine species.\"The mobile marine reserves should use tracking devices to follow endangered animals like sea turtles and close the areas with the highest populations of the species to trawlers and industrial fishermen during peak seasons,\" president of OTFWU Narayan Haldar told media persons here recently.As ocean conditions change due to climate change-related factors, such as rising temperatures and ocean acidification, marine species migrate to various areas of the ocean.The regions where the species live can change according to ocean currents and climate, so the boundaries of the marine reserves could be moved when the species migrate, the fishermen's leader suggested.Haldar also demanded legal recognition of rights of fishing communities and marine and coastal natural resources and to protect and manage them along the lines of the Forest Rights Act, 2006.He also demanded a consultation process and an integrated, holistic framework for conservation of marine and coastal biodiversity that particularly regulates large-scale environment impact on ports, power plants, oil and gas exploration, tourism, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12289346", "title": "Play on, says Negi", "text": "Mir Ranjan Negi has taken a leaf out of Anupam Kher's book and gone on to create a solo theatre performance - \"From Gloom To glory\" - an autobiographical stage adaptation of his life, that covers the entire span of his career and gave an insight into his 1982 downfall.Negi was the inspiration behind Shah Rukh Khan's character in \" Chak De! India\", recounts his humiliating defeat in the final hockey match against Pakistan at the Asiad games in 1982 and what followed. Though \"Chak De! India\" merely touched upon the subject, Negi didn't shy away from sharing every excrutiating detail of the debacle.\"Un dino dilli haal mein Com monwealth Games jaise dulhan ki tarah sajji hui thi. Rajiv Gandhiji un dino kabhi prasad to kabhi phal le aaya karte the. Haseen sapne dikhaye gaye. Gold le aaye toh sab crorepati ban jaoge, promotions ho jayengi.\" \"Eventually\", he said, \"We lost the matches. My teammates and I couldn't sleep because of that. Even the coaches guided us as if it was a war. We felt as if we are standing on the border and were asked to fight,\" he says.Little did he know then of what was to come. Besides being branded as a 'traitor' in the country's leading newspapers, Negi was also the butt of cruel pranks. \"Some people, who thought I was a traitor, fiddled with the generator system of my baaraat and there were no lights at my wedding. My friends had to switch on the lights on their bikes for the baaraat to finally take off,\" he stated on the stage.\"They didn't even want to use his name in \"Chak De!\", and the protagonist was referred to as Kabir Khan ,\" says Ashutosh Deshmukh, the producer of the play, who's been Negi's friend since the last four years. Towards the end, Mir even spoke about the sudden demise of his elder son, Abhiranjan. \"I published an ad in all Mumbai newspapers, asking people to wear helmets when they drive, so that others don't meet the same fate,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12285863", "title": "Hush-up trail: Gurgaon cops can\u2019t track erring PCR", "text": "GURGAON: Four days after seven men abducted and gangraped a 23-year-old woman in the city , Gurgaon police commissioner K K Sindhu said they were yet to identify the PCR van that failed to act in time .However , police sources said the victim's brother had approached PCR No. 6, parked near Sahara Mall , which had head constable Beer Singh with constable Devendra and constableAshok asthedriver .According to these cops , the boy had informed them about the abduction on early Monday morning . Ashok took the victim's mobile number , asked the boy to wait and went to take a round . On returning to the spot , the cops could not find the boy and made a call on the victim's cellphone . \"An accused answered the phone and when wetoldthem wewerethe police , he informed us that we hadbeen given incorrectinformation and that they were known to her and would drop her home ,\"said Beer Singh .The CP, however , said , \"There are four PCRs on that stretch and we are yet to establish which one failed to act . We have to carry out preliminary investigations before we take action .\" Sindhu said their priority was to \"solve the case\" . An inquiry will be conducted now to trace the defaulting cops and they \"would get the maximum penalty\" ,he added .On a regular day , four PCR vans arestationedon MGRoad -IFFCO Chowk , Sahara Mall , Sikandarpur and near Garden Estate .The accusedcrossed all these pointsundetected .Sindhu said the city had enough personnel (3,800) and more would be added for a \"population of 8.1 lakh\" - a figure according to 2001 census . The census 2011 has put the population at 15.14lakh .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12284967", "title": "Death of CBI officer rakes up fresh row", "text": "KOCHI: The death of CBI officer P G Haridatt has raked up a fresh controversy as he was the main investigation officer who decided to arraign two senior IPS officers as accused in the Sampath custodial death case.The custodial death of Sampath hit the headlines after the CBI included the name of two senior IPS police officials, additional director general of police (ADGP) B S Muhammed Yasin and deputy inspector general of police (DIG) Vijay Sakhare, as accused. Though the CBI investigation team led by Haridatt were able to get an arrest warrant against the two IPS officials, in the due course of investigation the CBI approached the court and cancelled the arrest warrant. There were reports that Haridatt was under pressure from his higher ups in the CBI ever since he included the two senior IPS officers as accused in the case.The Ernakulam chief judicial magistrate had issued arrest warrants against the IPS officials on March 23, 2011 after the probe team led by Haridatt included Muhammed Yasin and Vijay Sakhare as accused number 15 and 16, in the report filed in the court. The IPS officials were charged with Sections 302 (murder) and 120B (conspiracy) of the Indian Penal Code.The CBI had arrested deputy superintendent of police C K Ramachandran, sub inspectors P V Ramesh, T N Unnikrishnan and civil police officer Shyamaprasad in connection with the case.Sampath, the prime accused in the case relating to the murder of Sheela of Puthoor in Palakkad, died in police custody in March 2010. The report prepared by Haridatt had claimed that Sampath was brutally tortured at the insistence of the IPS officers Yasin and Sakhare, who were then the Thrissur range inspector general and Palakkad SP respectively. According to the report, Yasin and Sakhare allegedly led a police team to Coimbatore and arrested Sampath and other accused in connection with the Sheela murder case. Later, Yasin went to the riverside cottage at Malampuzha where Sampath was allegedly tortured.At present, Muhammed Yasin is the managing director of Kerala Police Housing Construction Corporation and Vijay Sakhare is a DIG in the Border Security Force ( BSF) in Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "rajguru nagar", "code": "12284456", "title": "Lochia's love for poems translates into a book", "text": "RAJGURU NAGAR: After releasing his first book, \"Dil Darwazea\" in 2009, Punjabi writer Trailochan Lochi is now working on another book of poems that he would release soon. With that, he is also working on a VCD of ghazals that would come in market in May.Lochi started writing poems in school and used to recite them in the cultural programmes. The interest continued in college days. With the passage of time, he got better in his work and finally compiled 80 poems, which found place in his previous book. The next book would have over 60 poems based on different issues. Lochi, 44, said his grandfather, Jeevan Singh inspired and motivated him to read books. He said he used to bring different books and magazine in the house and they used to spend leisure time reading them. The Rajguru Nagar resident said he did his post-graduation in Punjabi from Punjabi University, Patiala, and has written many articles for Punjabi dailies.In 2011, he released a VCD of ghazals 'Sarwara', which were penned by Manjinder Dhanoa, Gurbhajan Gill and Satish Gulati. He loves to read Punjabi literature of Waryam Sandhu, Mohan Bhandari , Surjeet Patar and Dr Jagtar. Lochia's wife, Sharanjeet Kaur said her husband has strong creativity and this is the reason he weaves beautiful verses.Punjabi Sahit Akademi chief G S Gill said Lochi highlights issues and promotes Punjabi literature through his poetry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12276716", "title": "Karan Johar can\u2019t dance, saala!", "text": "After making a dozen naach-gaana musicals, the mush-maker of B-Town has been banned from dancing by mommy dearest, Hiroo Johar.A sulzing KJo recently told zoOm, \"My mother has asked me to stop dancing on TV shows. She thinks my moves are embarrassing.\"He added, \"You know what, I'm such a frustrated actor that there's only so much I can control. I'm going to 'lose it' one of these days and dance on TV when I get a chance!\" Looks like there's no holding back this maa da laadla!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12283783", "title": "Govt restores higher FSI for commercial complexes in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: In what may spur deals for commercial properties in the city, especially in the western areas, the government has scrapped its earlier decision to halve the floor space index (FSI) for commercial buildings in non-congested areas. FSI is the permissible limit of construction against the size of a vacant plot.The state's urban development department had issued an order on July 2010, halving the FSI available to purely commercial buildings to 1.25, and to those having commercial-cum-residential units to 1. South-west Nagpur MLA Devendra Fadnavis had raised this issue in the winter session of state legislature. The government had then given an assurance that it will reverse the decision.Earlier, any building on a 1 acre plot (44,000 square feet) could not have a built-up area of more than 55,000 square feet if it was a purely commercial complex. Similarly, the limit was of 44,000 square feet if it was a mix of residential and commercial units. With the decision being reversed, builders now have scope to construct larger buildings.The July 2010 decision had evoked a sharp reaction from builders, who were also backed by local politicians. They claimed that reducing the FSI will lead to rise in property prices. The government had cut the FSI on the grounds that all other cities in the state have a lower limit. Now, with this decision undone, Nagpur becomes the only city in the state where builders have the freedom to construct up to twice the area of the plot they hold.The move is expected to lead to more properties changing hands for construction of commercial structures like shopping malls, theatres, restaurants and even hospitals. All such deals had been held up after the decision to halve the FSI, as builders were hoping that lobbying by local politicians will help revert the move.Sunil Duddalwar, president of Nagpur chapter of Confederation of Real Estate Developers of India (CREDAI), says this was needed because development plan provides only 3% space for commercial land.\"If FSI was halved, there would be hardly any area left for it, so we strongly lobbied for scrapping the decision,\" he said.The rates for commercial properties range from Rs 10 to 20,000 a square feet, said Duddalwar, adding that there will be more activity on the commercial property front but did not comment on the possibility of rates coming down.Tejinder Singh Renu, Vidarbha Taxpayers Association secretary and a builder, said locked up land deals are expected to come through and may bring rates down due to the increased supply of built-up area.Another realtor said that many major firms had put their projects on hold after the July 2010 decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "12284614", "title": "Chief minister has tough fight on hands", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: DV Sadananda Gowda may be known for his famous smile, but these days his smile is slipping. The grim countenance of the CM has more to do with the challenges ahead than the dry weather in the Ghats. What is worrying him is that as the Udupi-Chikmagalur Lok Sabha bypoll (March 18) is necessitated due to his resignation, he has an added pressure to ensure his party candidate's victory.When Gowda contested in the 2009 Lok Sabha election, despite the BJP wave and the full co-operation of the party, he could edge out his opponent K Jayaprakash Hegde only by 7,000 votes in the four segments of Chikmagalur district -- Chikmagalur, Tarikere, Mudigere and Sringeri.In the last three years, much water has flown under the Bhadra, the lifeline of the region, changing the political landscape. Today with his party BJP in a shambles, Gowda has that much more tough fight on his hands.It is not just the CM who is sweating it out, the netas of the other two big parties too are focusing their energies here. Even at 80, external affairs minister S M Krishna (Congress) along with his colleagues is juggling between New Delhi and Chikmagalur. The father-son duo of HD Deve Gowda and HD Kumaraswamy too are giving their party JD(S) a big push.But the voters seem to be unimpressed by BJP's rhetoric of blaming the UPA government for the ills of the country or the remote Commonwealth Games mess. The core issues which concern them are the Project Tiger and the Naxal menace.Sensing the mood of the voters, the BJP is now connecting with them by harping on Sandhya Suraksha, 'Bhagyalakshmi' and Ganga Kalyana schemes, for they have benefited the poor rural folks. The party is also playing the youth card, with its candidate Sunil Kumar being the youngest at 37.Congress' pitchFor the first time in a long time, the Congress's campaign is broad-based, visible and intense. They have a lot of ammunition against the ruling BJP, be it corruption, internal bickerings in the BJP or the porn-gate. This is well illustrated by what SM Krishna said during his campaign: The address of the BJP ministers and MLAs has changed. Some give their address as Parappana Agrahara, while others give hospital address.'' The party is gung-ho thanks to the clean image of the party candidate, K Jayaprakash Hegde. This time, the situation is very different. For us, the candidate is a plus. Earlier, we had erred in the selection of candidates,'' says KPCC president G Parameshwara.JD(S) spiritThe JD(S) campaign is energetic. More than the failures or the corruption by the BJP at the state and the UPA at the Centre, they are citing the Uttar Pradesh experience and educating voters on the relevance of regional parties. The era of national parties is waning. Only the regional parties can respond to your concerns and provide good governance,'' declares Kumaraswamy. The JD(S) is not expecting any miracle, but is only seeing this poll as an opportunity to expand base for the 2013 assembly polls.Caste factorLingayats (about 70,000), Vokkaligas (about 80,000), dalits (about 80,000) and Muslims (about 40,000), Brahmins (about 38,000), Kurubas (about 38,000) and other communities like bunts and billavas form the caste spectrum of the district.For the BJP, it is the uncertainty of Lingayat support, thanks to Yeddyurappa's rebellion. The party had secured a lead in Tarikere and Chikmagalur segments, where a large number of Lingayats are concentrated, in 2009. But, this time, the situation seems different. Tarikere MLA D S Suresh, who owes allegiance to Yeddyurappa, hasn't involved himself much with the campaigning. Dominant Lingayat pontiff in the district, Sri Someshwara Jagadguru of Rambhapuri Peeta in Balehonnur, also holds key to the community's decision. The invasion of JD(S) into the Vokkaliga votebank in Chikmagalur, Sringeri and Mudigere is another concern for the party..The JD(S) is targeting Vokkaligas, Muslims and dalits. Its candidate S L Bhoje Gowda has lost twice to BJP's C T Ravi. This time, Gowda is expected to enhance his support base in Chikmagalur assembly segment so that it helps his brother Dharme Gowda, who is planning to contest the 2013 assembly polls.The Congress is banking on the support of Muslims, dalits, bunts and Lingayats. But their fear is the JD(S), which is concentrating on Muslims", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12284664", "title": "Helpline for rural police started", "text": "NASHIK: Taking into account the administrative and personal problems that policemen face while serving in rural parts of the district, the rural police have started a special helpline scheme (9049745103) for such cops.The scheme, Samadhan (which means satisfaction in Marathi), initiated under the guidance of superintendent of police Pravin Padwal, was inaugurated at the head office of the rural police on Thursday. With Nashik being a large district, there are police stations and chowkies situated in extremely remote areas, where rural cops render their services. However, these policemen often have personal issues or problems with regard to the administration and to address them, they have to contact the head office or be present physically to see that their work is done.Senior officers at the rural police headquarters noticed that if the cops' problems are not solved, it only results in frustration, which affects their efficiency. Keeping this in mind, the Samadhan helpline was set up, under which the rural police can contact the head office between 10am and 7pm to register problems with regard to salary, allowance, leave, and so on.Police officers said that all such problems would be registered systematically and an attempt will be made to solve them within a specified time. The facility will be monitored by the superintendent of police.Rural police can call the Samadhan helpline on 9049745103 to register their problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12285400", "title": "One in 10 properties in city lying vacant", "text": "MUMBAI: In a city prized for its real estate, it may be of interest to many that over 4.6 lakh of the city's nearly 42 lakh Census houses are lying vacant, reveals district-level data from Census 2011. Also, 10.5% of houses in the island city are lying vacant compared to 8.5% a decade ago. About 1.5% of houses were locked at the time of the Census count, which could be because all family members were away when enumerators visited.Census houses comprise residences as well as other dwellings such as shops, offices, hotels, hospitals, factories, workshops and places of worship. Census officials said it would be possible to estimate the city's housing shortfall only when findings related to homeless individuals are released.But experts said the extent of vacancy could indicate what a goldmine Mumbai's real estate has become. Urban development expert R N Sharma of the Tata Institute of Social Sciences believes the vacant stock could indicate profiteering is at play in an era of sky-high property prices. \"It shows that speculators and builders don't mind holding property in the hope that prices may rise at a later stage,\" he said.But others like housing expert and former Mhada chief Chandrashekhar Prabhu say Census data should be put in perspective and there could be many reasons for houses lying vacant. \"There are many dilapidated or cessed buildings, particularly in the island city, and families could keep such a room locked in wait for redevelopment while they stay in the suburbs,\" Prabhu said.Experts also said many Indians living in other cities or working abroad have found Mumbai to be a profitable investment. \"Many successful people buy houses in Mumbai as an investment but live elsewhere, which may contribute to vacant housing stock,\" said demographic expert P Arokiasamy.Experts said that whereas old-timers move to more spacious homes from one-room tenements once their families expand, they don't always sell their old homes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12284633", "title": "'We asked for Sena nod till Thursday morning'", "text": "NASHIK: Buoyed by the fact that they have access to the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) coffers for the third time in a row, albeit with a change in partnership, the Bhartiya Janata Party (BJP) said it waited for the Shiv Sena to come on board till the morning of the polls. \"Only Arvind Sawant is claiming that the BJP betrayed the Shiv Sena. How can he say that when the party waited for clearance till the morning of the mayoral elections,\" BJP Nashik city unit president Lakshman Savji asked.With the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) bagging 40 seats to be the single-largest party in the house, Nashikites had given a fractured mandate in the NMC elections. Political parties were forced to look for a suitable alliance to achieve the magical figure of 62 seats in the 122-member House.\"Though we contested elections separately, Shiv Sena was our natural ally. Also, the Shiv Sena handed the mayoral post to us, which meant that we had to arrange for numbers. Since our agenda was anti-Congress and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), the MNS was the only possible ally who could break the deadlock. Accordingly, we asked for the Shiv Sena's nod, which never came till Thursday morning,\" Savji said.Savji claimed that the BJP's office-bearers had tried to get in touch with Shiv Sena office-bearers, but the latter never responded. \"The BJP, MNS and Shiv Sena in the House together for the betterment of Nashik was the best option. But the Shiv Sena failed to understand the situation,\" Savji, whose party member Satish Kulkarni got elected to the seat of deputy mayor, claimed.From the time the results were announced, the BJP had claimed that the mayor will belong to the BJP. Savji said that the party missed the target narrowly and had to sacrifice its ambition to strengthen the anti-Congress alliance. \"We failed to get the numbers, so we restricted ourselves to contesting polls for the deputy mayor's post,\" Savji said.When asked if NCP's decision to abstain from election to the Mayor's post was a gift to MNS, Savji dismissed the proposition saying, \"Everybody knows how these parties look at each other. We are together for development of the city. As far as elections to the assembly in 2014 are concerned, we would rather focus on the work. About the future we have the senior party office-bearers to plan the things for us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "udupi", "code": "12286198", "title": "BJP banks on JD(S) to defeat Congress", "text": "UDUPI: As D-Day nears, the infighting-ridden and Porngate-tainted BJP is heavily banking on JD(S) to work its charm to eat into secular vote bank to defeat its arch rival Congress, which almost gave it a scare last time.What is worrying the BJP is the fact that the party still has not been able to read the pulse of people, especially Vokkaligas, who are yet to make a decision, after various scams that rocked the government.After the 2007 delimitation of constituencies, the Udupi-Chikmagalur constituency has become more diverse and has been a challenge for parties to read. The four each assembly segments in Chikmagalur and Udupi districts are as diverse as the weather in the coastal and Malnad districts. \"Though the party has won all but one in the eight segments, that is not much of a solace as political equations have changed since the assembly elections,'' says a BJP insider.Sources in the BJP say the Yeddyurappa factor will not play out much in the coast, but will affect in Malnad region, in case if he wants to play truant. JD(S) leaders say that their presence will be a blessing to Congress as minorities will en masse vote for Hegde, avoiding the split in secular votes.As far as candidates go, Hegde has an advantage with all top leaders campaigning in a rare show of unity, which is being negated by the hectic campaigning of C M D V Sadananda Gowda, who has taken it as a matter of prestige. Also, this by-poll has seen many stars and actors descending upon the constituencies from both the parties to add colour.Another worrisome factor for the national parties is the somewhat disengaged electorate. If the polling percentage, which was 62% in 2009, goes down, the margin of victory and defeat will be thinner, making each and every vote bagged by independents very significant.In 2009 polls BJP's Sadananda Gowda won by a margin of 27,018 against Congress candidate Jayaprakash Hedge, with third front candidate Radha Sundaresh being the spoiler with 24,991 votes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12283526", "title": "Indore cops book ten in four dowry cases in 24 hrs", "text": "INDORE: Ten persons have been booked in four different cases of alleged dowry harassments that have been registered with the city police in the past 24 hours on Wednesday.In the first incident, one Anita Singh lodged a complaint against her husband Rakesh Singh and his mother Shefu Bai accusing them of harassing her demanding a dowry amount of Rs 7 lakh. She is a resident of Bijwan village coming under the jurisdiction of Khudail police station. In her complaint, Anita claimed that she has been harassed by her in-laws demanding Rs 7 lakh dowry. Police have registered an offence against Rakesh and Shefu under Sections 498 A, 323, 506 and 34 of the IPC.In another incident, one Nidhi Verma, a resident of Vigyan Nagar, lodged a dowry harassment complaint against her husband Devkant Verma and his parents and sister accusing them of torturing her for Rs 5 lakh. Police have booked her husband Devkant, father-in-law Ganpat Rao, mother-in-law Sunita Bai and sister-in-law Deepti under Sections 498 A, 34 of the IPC and Dowry (prevention) Act.In third incident of similar kind, one Mushkan Madan, wife of Avinash Madan lodged a complaint with Juni Indore police against her husband, mother-in-law Savita Madan and father-in-law Puran Chandra Madan alleging that they were harassing her for dowry. Juni Indore police booked the trio under Section 498 (A) of the IPC. They are the resident of Prem Nagar.In the fourth case, one Alima lodged a complaint against her husband Alim for harassing her demanding dowry and had abusing her physically.Rawji Bazar Police registered an offence against Alim under Sections 498 A, 294, 323 of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12285733", "title": "Conwoman steals goods worth Rs 11L", "text": "MUMBAI: A conwoman allegedly stole valuables worth Rs 11 lakh from the residence of a yoga instructor at New Link Road Andheri (W) on Thursday. The woman had asked the victim's house help whether his employer was looking for a maid. The servant was alone at home at the time as the instructor had gone to the gym.The house help informed the house owner of the situation through a phone call. The instructor then talked to the conwoman on the phone but disconnected the call without giving instructions to the house help. The woman told the house help that she had been hired by the instructor. When the house help left the house for some work, the woman broke open the cupboard and escaped with valuables worth Rs 11 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12284969", "title": "5 more test positive for swine flu", "text": "PUNE: Five people tested positive for swine flu in the city on Thursday. Of them, one is critically ill and has been put on ventilator support at the Deenanath Mangeshkar Hospital. With this, the number of swine flu patients found within the limits of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) since March 5 has gone up to 20.This takes the number of critically ill swine flu patients in Pune district to six. Among them, three are being treated at the isolation intensive care units (ICUs) of various city hospitals and three at hospitals in Pimpri Chinchwad.\"A sixty-year-old woman from Kothrud is currently being treated at the isolation ICU of Deenanath Mangeshkar Hospital. She was admitted on Monday noon. Her X-ray report showed she had bilateral pneumonia. She has developed acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) following which she has been put on a ventilator. We started Tamiflu from day one,\" said physician Manisha Deshmukh. Besides, the woman has co-morbid conditions like diabetes , obesity and hypertension, Deshmukh said.Of the remaining four positive patients, two have been admitted to civic-run Naidu Hospital and one each is being treated at three private hospitals in the city, said PMC health chief S T Pardeshi.A 65-year-old woman from Manjari Budruk (Haveli taluka) and a 22-year-old woman from Vishrantwadi are being treated at the Naidu Hospital. A seventy-three-year-old man from Kondhwa is at Jehangir and a 19-year-old girl has been admitted to Inalks and Budhrani Hospital.\"All of them were suffering from high grade fever, cough and breathlessness. On medical suspicion, their throat swabs were sent to the National Institute of Virology (NIV) for testing. The report found them positive on Thursday,\" the official said.The other two critical patients are being treated at KEM Hospital and Prayag Hospital for the last few days. Both are on ventilator support. \"Their condition is critical but stable,\" Pardeshi said.Meanwhile, five tested positive for H1N1 influenza in Pimpri Chinchwad in the last few days. \"Three are critical and on ventilator support. The other three are also in ICU but not critical,\" said Pune district civil surgeon Vinayak More.Break-up of swine flu cases in Pune district since March 5* In Pune: 20 (Admitted 7; three critically ill; cured 11 and deaths 2)* Pimpri Chinchwad: 6 (Admitted six; three critically ill)* Pune rural: 1Total positive cases: 27(Source: Office of the Pune District Civil Surgeon and the Pune Municipal Corporation)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12282677", "title": "In a first, cops aspiring to join crime branch face interviews", "text": "VADODARA: Next time you walk into the city crime branch office, you won't find any tobacco chewing or pot-bellied cop. To improve the efficiency levels and quality of the policemen in the crime branch, city police commissioner Satish Sharma has decided to screen them before their posting there. Elaborate interviews of the policemen interested in working with the crime branch were organized on Thursday. It is for the first time that such screening process has been held for crime branch postings.According to senior police officials, about 150 cops from the level of constables to assistant sub-inspectors ( ASI) applied for various posts in the crime branch. The applicants were screened personally and interviewed by DCP (crime) Ashok Yadav. \"Crime branch is one of the prestigious postings in the police. I observed that new people were not getting enough opportunities to work in this branch. Sometimes postings were being given on the basis of recommendations of people working in this branch. In all, the selection system wasn't fair,\" Sharma told TOI.\"So, I decided to bring this system wherein everyone interested in working with crime branch can get a fair chance. We have designed the selection procedure in such a way that we get the best of the cops for crime branch,\" Sharma added.The applicants are asked several questions including their experiences, their knowledge of English language, detections done by them and if they suffer from any physical problems. A background check in connection with the educational qualifications, social life, exposure to crime cases, penalties and rewards is also done during the screening.The candidates will be shortlisted by senior police officials and Sharma will decide the final list. About 20 policemen will be posted in the crime branch this week. The department has sanctioned posts of 55. \"We are also checking whether the cops are addicted to tobacco or any other addictive substances. Also, they have to be physically fit. The job of crime branch officials is very taxing and hence they have to be in shape and intelligent,\" Yadav said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12285848", "title": "All-woman PCR van at mall", "text": "GURGAON: Monday's gang rape has prompted the Gurgaon police to launch an all-woman PCR van that will be on duty outside Sahara Mall. On Thursday, an all-woman police post was also set up near the mall and a 24X7 women helpline number, 0124-2335100 , started to ensure safety of women. Three women cops are also deployed at each of the five Metro stations.DCP (east) Maheshwar Dyal said, \"We are committed to provide security to all citizens and women's safety is our priority. A PCR van with six women personnel will patrol MG Road. We have also deployed six women cops, one sub-inspector and five constables at the outpost. Fifteen women cops have been deployed at five Metro stations. We have no doubt that after this the women will be safer in the city.\" Sahara Mall officials attended the event.Police commissioner K K Sindhu said a task force committee would be constituted to review safety of women in Gurgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12291600", "title": "'Kahaani' to be a franchise?", "text": "The heartening response to Sujoy Ghosh's Kahaani has created a reverberating impact. The well-received Kolkata mystery-drama has impelled its young director to make Kahaani and its protagonist Vidya Bagchi a part of an ongoing series.Says a source very close to project, \"The idea was with Sujoy for very long. He wrote the script of Kahaani four years ago. And he knew the protagonist had the potential to be a part of a series. Sujoy is a huge fan of Satyajit Ray's Feluda detective stories. The Vidya Bagchi stories could be on the lines of Feluda. A female Feluda, if you please.\"It was only after the rousing reception given to the film that Sujoy has begun to seriously consider carrying the story forward.In Kolkata on Saturday for a special screening of Kahaani for the film's cast and crew Sujoy admitted he was into the idea of continuing the Kahaani saga.Says Sujoy, \"Yes, turning Kahaani into a franchise is something that was at the back of my mind from the time I wrote the film. I knew I had stumbled on to a unique idea that I didn't want to let go of when I finished writing Kahaani. What Vidya Bagchi does with her life after my Kahaani, haunts me. I want to take the idea forward.\"If all goes well, 'Kahaani 2' would be Sujoy's next project. He has already cracked the idea for a sequel.The only problem is, getting Vidya Balan's dates.Says Sujoy, \"Kahaani was written for Balan. I can't imagine taking the character forward without her. She will have to green-light the franchise before it goes further. The problem is Balan (yes, that's what the director calls her) is so choosy and busy. I'll have to write a crackling script to convince her.\"At the moment Sujoy is basking in the success of Kahaani. \"I knew it'd be liked. But never in my wildest dream did I expect this kind of acceptance for the film. I feel I've finally come home.\"Sujoy's wife who lives near Scotland with his mother saw the film. \"She didn't say a word after seeing it. That means she liked it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12283626", "title": "CBI registers murder case in IPS officer Narendra Kumar's death", "text": "BHOPAL: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Wednesday registered a case of murder in connection with the death of IPS officer Narendra Kumar,who was mowed down by a stone laden tractor-trolley on March 8. The incident had sparked a controversy over illegal mining in Madhya Pradesh.A CBI team, headed by joint director RP Agarwal, reached Morena on Thursday and started investigations. Acting on a tip-off Narendra Kumar, Sub-Divisional Officer Police (SDOP) of Banmore industrial town, intercepted a tractor-trolley allegedly ferrying illegally mined stones. He was crushed to death by the tractor trolley.The incident hit the headlines nationwide and Shivraj Singh Chouhan government found itself under attack with Opposition Congress alleging that the mining mafia was being protected by the ruling party. On Tuesday, chief minister Chouhan wrote to the Centre recommending a CBI investigation into the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12284504", "title": "Fishermen ask CM to support their industry", "text": "PANAJI: Ahead of the state budget, members of the fishing community-involved in traditional as well as mechanized fishing-met chief minister Manohar Parrikar and briefed him of their issues so necessary provisions could be made for their needs in the budget.Cabinet minister Matanhy Saldanha, representing the National Fish Workers Forum and the traditional fishermen's organization Geonchea Ramponkarancho Ekvott, requested the chief minister to extend the fishing ban during the monsoons upto August 15 each year.Goa observes a ban only from the beginning of monsoons till July 31. He informed Parrikar that the fishing ban was earlier observed upto August 15 but was reduced by the erstwhile Congress government. Saldanha also asked the chief minister to ensure that mechanized fishing takes place beyond Goa's territorial waters as employing mechanized fishing too close to the coast adversely affects marine life.Speaking of the national scenario, Saldanha said that there should be a rationlisation of fishing vessels so that over fishing does not affect marine ecology which eventually leads to lower fish produce. \"The government's role is to protect the fishing industry, fishermen and the fish,\" Saldanha told TOI after his meeting with the chief minister. Meanwhile, representatives from the mechanized fishing industry also met the chief minister to highlight the problems faced by their sector.Menino Alfonso of Mandovi Fisheries, briefing the chief minister, said that the sector looks forward to the government's help in providing sufficient water to the industry. He also brought to the notice of Parrikar the shortage in availability of cooking gas cylinders for the crew that is on board vessels for long periods of time and require cylinders to meet their cooking needs.He also requested Parrikar to look into the parking needs of vehicles transporting fish outside Goa. \"The chief minister was very receptive to our requests,\" Alfonso told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12283453", "title": "Govt denies receiving rail minister\u2019s resignation", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as the government denied having received any resignation letter from railway minister Dinesh Trivedi in Rajya Sabha, it failed to prevent an adjournment in the Upper House as the opposition insisted on a reply from PM Manmohan Singh on the status of the rail budget.Leader of opposition Arun Jaitley sought to know if Trivedi and Harish Rawat, the Union minister who is said to be leading a Congress rebellion in Uttarakhand, were still part of the government, saying that an unprecedented situation had arisen because of the distrust within the government.\"We have never seen how a government can function under this kind of mistrust,'' Jaitley said, adding, \"This is an unprecedented situation in the country. You can never have an unstable government of this kind.\"Jaitley also claimed that the government was \"enticing the loyalty of members of its allies\". \"It is theatre of the absurd,'' he said. This prompted a counter-attack from minister of state in PMO V Narayanasamy who said, \"BJP is enticing Congress MLAs in Uttarakhand and you are talking about us enticing people.''CPM's Prasanta Chatterjee insisted that the PM come to the House and clarify the position of Trivedi. Minister of state for parliamentary affairs Rajiv Shukla then said the PM had not received any resignation letter from Trivedi. He, however, added that the PM had received a communication from West Bengal CM Mamta Banerjee . \"Whenever he takes any decision on the communication, the House will be informed,'' Shukla said. The opposition was not satisfied with Shukla's reply and the House had to be adjourned for an hour.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12285708", "title": "Blaze and blast bring down building", "text": "MUMBAI: A major fire broke out in a three-storeyed building in Tardeo early on Thursday morning, killing one person and sending 12 others to hospital. The fire reportedly started due to a short circuit in the electric meter room on the ground floor of Ganpat Wete Sadan and intensified after it engulfed a cylinder on the first floor, which exploded minutes later. A major portion of the building later collapsed due to the double damage.The cables in the electrical shaft which runs from the ground to the third floor caught fire allegedly due to the short circuit at 7 am. The blaze spread up through the wooden staircase, engulfing flats and corridors. Before the fire brigade reached, residents had started jumping out of windows. Nineteen people were rescued by the fire brigade, but one, Arvind Phansekar (65) died in his third-floor flat. Residents from two neighbouring buildings were also evacuated.The injured were rushed to Nair Hospital. \"The body of Arvind Phansekar was very badly charred,\" said Dr Sanjay Oak, director of BMC's major hospitals.Fire officials said they had a narrow escape as just a few minutes after the flames were doused, one part of the building's front portion collapsed. Mayor Sunil Prabhu left the site minutes before the collapse. Two firemen sustained minor injuries and were taken to Nair Hospital.However, residents blamed the fire department for not reacting in time. Diniyar Hathikhanwala, a resident of Noor Mahal building across the lane, said it was 20 minutes before someone answered his call at the fire control room. \"From 7.10-7.30 am, all I heard was the bell ringing. Twice, someone answered, but the line got disconnected after the person said hello,\" he said. Fire officials denied any delay.\"The fire, coupled with the cylinder blast caused the building to develop horizontal and vertical cracks and it gave way. The building has an entirely wooden frame with parts of steel. Due to the wood, the fire spread very quickly and climbed upwards,\" said chief fire officer H N Mujawar. Officials said the cessed Mhada building was not in the 'dangerous' category.Fire officials will give a preliminary report to the BMC commissioner by Friday morning. Mhada officials have been directed by the civic body to raze the building. The Tardeo police station will register a case of accidental fire. Residents said they planned to initiate redevelopment in May. \"We were going to start the process in May after our children's exams. It is unbelievable that months before we lost everything,\" said Charulata Shirodkar, a resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12285094", "title": "Property tax rebate scheme extended", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The rebate scheme for those who have not yet paid up their property taxes has been extended to March 31. This was a radical step undertaken by the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation ( AMC ) as it is also the last day of the financial year.When asked about the decision, revenue committee chairman Sunil Shah said, \"We had long queues till midnight at civic centres in Maninagar, several centres in east zone and there was tremendous pressure in the west zone. The rebate scheme offers 100 per cent waiver from interest for those defaulters who have not paid taxes before year 2000 and a blanket 50 per cent waiver on interest amount for those who have not paid anytime after year 2000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12284955", "title": "LeT operative Sarwar is Pak bomber behind Delhi HC blast?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Abu Bilal, one of the two Pakistani bombers who had planted IED outside the Delhi High Court in last September, is suspected to be none other than the Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) operative Ghulam Sarwar, whose name had first figured in an attack on an Army Major General last year.Though the National Investigation Agency (NIA) in its chargesheet, filed against six Indians from Jammu &amp; Kashmir including the mastermind Wasim Akram Malik on Tuesday, was silent over details of the bombers Bilal and his fellow Pakistani Abu Saifullah, the agency does not appear to be completely in the dark. Officials suspect that Bilal could just be one of the aliases of the LeT operative Ghulam Sarwar.\"The NIA has strong clues and some tentative evidence to show that Bilal is none other than the LeT terrorist Sarwar,\" said an official.Hailing from Pakistan-occupied Kashmir, Sarwar's name had first popped up on security radar last year when he was identified as the mastermind behind the Udhampur blast on May 2, targeting Major General D S Pathania, the commandant of the Northern Army Command's base hospital. Sarwar was living in Nagrota (J&K;) for over seven years, had married a local girl and was even running a taxi and truck service. The agencies have his photograph and background details.NIA investigations have revealed striking similarities between the IED make of the Udhampur blast and the Delhi HC explosion both in terms of materials used and the assembling technique. Sarwar's areas of operation too more or less coincide with places that the accused in HC blast hail from.Though Wasim told his interrogators that he did not know the real identity of the bomb planter, he admitted that Sarwar looks like Bilal when he was shown photograph of the LeT's operative.The NIA claimed that Wasim - an MBBS student in Bangladesh - had acted like a 'leaderless jihadi' who along with his associates - Amir Abbas Dev, Abid Hussain Bhawani, Amir Kamal, Junaid Akram Malik (Wasim's younger brother) and Shakir Hussain Seikh alias Chota Hafiz - executed the blast to threaten the judiciary in an attempt to get the death sentence of Parliament attack convict Afzal Guru repealed. Of the six accused, Wasim, Dev and Bhawani are in jail, while Kamal, Junaid and Hafiz - all Hizb-ul-Mujahideen operatives - are absconding.The chargesheet also claims Wasim's close connection with Tablighi Jamaat. It says Malik was spending most of his time participating in the activities of Tablighi Jamaat or discussing Islamic rule in countries like Saudi Arabia and Egypt with friends in his room while he was in Bangladesh. He had attended several Jamaats at Korapa, Jai Kali Bari, Rajshahi and other places in that country.Tablighi Jamaat, which was started as a movement to bring back Muslims to a purer form of Islam, has been of late criticized for becoming a springboard for terror organizations. The movement has wide reach in India, Pakistan and Bangladesh.Wasim, the NIA claims, was so committed to the idea of jihad and influenced by figures like slain al-Qaeda leader Osama Bin Laden that when the latter was assassinated in Abottabad in Pakistan last year, he went in a state of shock. Later, he went to a nearby mosque to offer a special prayer (Ghaibana Namaz-e-Janaza) to mark 'shahadat' of the 'Great Osama Bin Laden'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12285779", "title": "Pharma scholar wins young scientist award", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A senior research scholar Pran Kishore Deb has made Panjab University (PU) proud by winning the young scientist award for his outstanding research work, presented during scientific oral presentation session at the international symposium on \"Recent Advances In Pharmaceutical Science: Transferring Knowledge From Education To Practice.\"This conference was organized by Pharmanext at Kathmandu, Nepal, from February 25 to 27. Over 500 papers were presented from various institutions and universities at this conference and his presentation was adjudged the best oral presentation.At present, Deb is pursuing his PhD at pharmaceutical chemistry division in the University Institute of Pharmaceutical Sciences (UIPS), PU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "12284977", "title": "Bhutan army chief in state", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Royal Bhutan Army chief Major General Batoo Tshering visited Alappuzha on Thursday.The chopper carrying Tshering and his personal staff landed at Alappuzha Recreation Ground from Thiruvananthapuram at 3 pm.A police team led by Alappuzha North police station circle inspector S Ajay Nath received Tshering, accompanied by the officials of Indian and Bhutan Armies.He went to Alappuzha Rest House and interacted with the police and special branch officials.Later he went to Kumarakom for a houseboat cruise.He will return to Thiruvananthapuram on Friday from Alappuzha by helicopter. The police had made special security arrangements for his visit to Alappuzha.Major General Batoo Tshering began his five-day official visit to India on Wednesday to explore further expansion of Bhutan's defence ties with India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12283418", "title": "NSUI raises a stink over Youth Congress leader\u2019s wife\u2019s Barkatullah University job", "text": "BHOPAL: National Students' Union of India (NSUI), the student wing of the Congress, has demanded a probe into the affairs of Chakravarthy Rajgopalachari Institute of Management (CRIM) of Barkatullah University, alleging that a Youth Congress (YC) leader has managed to get his spouse appointed in the institute.In a letter to Governor Ram Naresh Yadav, also the chancellor of university, NSUI leaders alleged that BU executive council member and Youth Congress leader Amit Sharma influenced the university authorities to get his wife Neeti Sharma appointed as ad-hoc teacher despite her not being eligible for the job.Along with his letter, NSUI Bhopal district general secretary Akash Chouhan has also attached documents, collected under the RTI to argue that the YC leader's wife was given priority over other deserving candidates.When contacted, Sharma denied the charges saying that a section of NSUI members were trying to malign him. \"My wife is pursuing P.Hd and is also an MBA degree holder. The university selected her by sticking to a proper procedure. Even if someone has a problem, I am ready to face any inquiry,\" he added.YC general secretary Ubhay Kushal Tiwari also came in support of Congress student's wing's allegations, raising questions about the selection procedure adopted for appointments in the CRIM.\"BU's wrong approach in selecting guest faculties for the CRIM could be gauged from the fact that they conducted walk-in interviews after cancelling earlier applications,\" he alleged.Barkatullah University registrar Sanjay Tiwari said the walk-in interviews were organised as experts of the selection could not turn up. \"It would take another month to conduct interviews as experts are not available. We opted for a walk-in interview which was organized as per rules,\" Tiwari said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12289211", "title": "Jaya Bachchan at Akhilesh Yadav's swearing ceremony", "text": "Big bro Mukesh Ambani missed it, but Anil made it a point to be there to see Akhilesh Yadav, UP's youngest CM take charge.And even though Amitabh Bachchan's surgery apparently prevented him from travelling to Lucknow, Jaya made up for it when she flew in a day in advance to be a part of the swearing in ceremony at the La Martiniere Boys' College, on Thursday morning. Jaya was greeted with a warm bear hug from Swapna Roy.Actor-turned-producer Zayed Khan was there too, and he talked about his old friendship with Akhilesh. \"I am an apoliti cal person. But I have been close to Akhilesh Yadav for a long time now and naturally, I came in to see him take charge as CM,\" he said. On being asked whether he had his sights set on UP now that he was into producing films, Zayed said, \"This is a personal visit, but yes, if the script demands, we will be quite interested in basing a film here. I love coming to Lucknow, it's a peaceful city with great vibes. It's almost as if I am coming home.\"Once the ceremony was over, reportedly the celebs and the politicos got together for lunch with Subrata Roy Sahara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12283421", "title": "\u2018Dinesh Trivedi should have hiked only AC fares\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Speaking at a closed-door meeting of TMC legislatures, West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee is learnt to have said that she might have been agreeable to the rail budget had only AC class fares been hiked. This indicates that although she had demanded a full rollback of the fares, with some persuasion she might agree to a partial rollback.According to sources, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee told Mamata that PM and other UPA leaders recognize that she, as boss of her party, has the prerogative to decided who should represent her party in the Cabinet. In the three rounds of conversations that Mukherjee had with Mamata and TMC Lok Sabha leader, Sudip Bandopadhyaya, he persuaded TMC to defer Trivedi's ouster until after the presentation of general budget on Friday.The government chose Mukherjee to make another friendly overture to TMC - this, over the powers of National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) which have raised hackles of Mamata and several other CMs. According to Trinamool sources, Mukherjee conveyed to Bandopadhyaya that PM has agreed to hold NCTC at bay until the government had heard and heeded CMs' concerns at a meeting scheduled for April 16, and he would say so in his reply to the debate on the President's address.As a result, there was a clear de-escalation of tension on Thursday. Bandopadhyaya declared in the Lok Sabha that the \"UPA government is stable, and will last its full term,\" a statement which immediately cheered up Mukherjee. Some TMC members, however, still wondered how Mukherjee had cleared Trivedi's budget despite knowing full well how Mamata has been averse to any fare hike.Although the two sides have not worked out the details of a rollback, Trinamool sources in Delhi said they would not scale back their demand for \"complete and total\" withdrawal of the fare hike. The rollback will be announced by Mamata's new nominee in railway ministry when he gets to reply to the rail budget debate.On his part, Trivedi maintained on Thursday that nobody has sought his resignation, and that it was his duty to get the rail budget passed. But that his continuation has become untenable was evident when Manmohan Singh refused to rule out the possibility of his being replaced by Roy. Asked about Mamata's demand for Trivedi's removal, Singh said: \"If anything like this develops, we will consider it.\"Congress's eagerness to placate Mamata has more to do with the fact that it has not tied up the numbers which it can draw upon in case its Bengal ally indeed chooses to walk out of what has become an uneasy alliance. Congress is exasperated with what its leaders call ceaseless \"bullying\" by the Trinamool boss and has started mending fences with Samajwadi Party. On Thursday, it sent a goodwill delegation, comprising party treasurer Motilal Vora and parliamentary affairs minister Pawan Bansal, for Akhilesh Yadav's swearing-in ceremony in Lucknow.But Congress leaders recognize that stitching up an alliance may not be smooth, given that SP doesn't need Congress's support in Lucknow. Hence, they have decided to settle for a tense co-existence with Trinamool for the moment.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12283859", "title": "\u2018Develop Nagpur as model city\u2019", "text": "NAGPUR: MP Vilas Muttemwar has demanded that Nagpur be developed as model city on a pilot basis under the Jawharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM). \"Nagpur is among the fastest growing cities in the country but suffers from lack of modern urban infrastructure,\" said Muttemwar in a motion moved in Parliament on Thursday.\"It is necessary to scientifically revamp infrastructure for better public transport, roads, water supply, sewerage and modern civic amenities which make a city worth living. Unfortunately, because of lack of phased planning, the requisite infrastructure to ramp up development to optimal level could not be achieved,\" he lamented. There is a proposal to build 10 crore houses in the country which would be possible only if another 500 towns are created, he stated.Muttemwar pointed out that infrastructure as well as service delivery are poor in Nagpur and there is an urgent need to formulate strategy for efficient mass transport system like metro/ mono rail, creation of satellite towns around the city so as to take advantage of its unique geographical location. Along with necessary funds, a revenue model is also essential so as to make the whole project viable, he added.He urged the Centre to develop the city as a model for other cities to emulate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "12285413", "title": "Two couples end life in Thane flat", "text": "THANE: Thane saw a tragic Thursday as two young couples hanged themselves while another couple slashed their wrists and barely survived.The bodies of two young couples from Chattisgarh- Harilal Chakoram Sahu (22) his wife Lalita Manrakhan Kosare (19), and Lakhoj Kurre and his wife Tulsi Bhurvaram Tande (21)-were found hanging inside a rented apartment at Ovala. \"It was a suicide pact. The girls wore a mangalsutra. They strung a long nylon rope from an iron bar on the ceiling and hung from its two ends. Their bodies were found hanging close to one another, one couple in the bedroom, the other in the front room,'' said Pramod Khade, senior inspector of Kasarvadavli police station.Police found a letter, apparently written by them, stating they had married against the wishes of their family. The letter was signed by all four. Police recovered Rs 5,500 in cash from the pocket of one of the deceased.\"We inquired with the house owner and a labour contractor, Ghanshyam, who had hired the boys as skilled workers at a nearby construction site. Preliminary inquiry showed the couple had eloped from Chhattisgarh. The police there confirmed the girls' parents had filed a missing complaint at Rajim police station in February,'' Khade said.The couples had been staying at a rented place but it was not clear why they decided to end their lives. \"A friend of one of the girls said the couples had been childhood lovers and decided to elope as love marriage was taboo there. Infact, the girls' parents had come till Nagpur with a Raipur police team but could not find them,'' the police said.In the second incident, Suraj Sureshan (25) of Kannur in Kerala eloped with a 34-year-old mother, Jisha Chandran, and reached Thane on Wednedsay. They were staying at Mayurya lodge in Jambhli naka. \"On Thursday evening they had an argument and in a fit of rage the woman slashed her wrist with a sharp object. The boy, too, decided to end his life but panicked on seeing blood and shouted for help,'' a police officer from Thane said.The police claim Jisha had fought with her husband and decided to elope with the younger Sureshan. Both have been admitted to the Thane civil hospital and are said to be out of danger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12286113", "title": "I am not after any post... I was happy as a teacher: Jyoti Panigrahi", "text": "The alleged gang rape of a 19-year-old Dalit girl from Pipili has dominated state politics for over two months. State Commission for Women chairperson Jyoti Panigrahi too found herself caught in the political fight over the issue recently when she, in her inquiry report, said she found no evidence of rape on the victim. She discusses the case and other issues with Ashok Pradhan.Q-When will you give your second report in the Pipili case?A-The media reports about my submitting another report concerning the 19-year-old Dalit girl from Pipili are baseless. I am not going to do that. Though I have complete faith in the judiciary and the ongoing inquiry by the crime branch, if I feel that the commission's intervention is needed at any stage to ensure justice to the girl, I will do so. For example, concrete action is yet to be taken against doctors who neglected the girl from the very beginning. I have recommended the government to take action against the erring doctors in all the three hospitals where the victim went for treatment.Q-Why did you give your report in the case in haste?A-That is not true. The AIIMS doctors and the National Commission for Scheduled Castes took lesser time to come to a conclusion in the case. I took around three weeks after the victim's family approached me in January. My officers and members duly interacted with her family. Questions were raised as to why I did not go to her village. I had met the girl and her family when they approached me and later in the hospital. I went through all the material evidence available before me. Three weeks were enough time. I wanted to clear the air over false propaganda in the case at the earliest. The subsequent reports only established that I was right. Unnecessary political colours were added to it because of the impending panchayat election then, though I never faced or entertained any political meddling.Q-Why did you give the report days ahead of panchayat poll?A-The timing was not deliberate to give political advantages or disadvantages to any party. I did my duty with all sincerity and submitted the report when it was ready in February. Panchayat poll happened to be scheduled around that time. It only gave fodder to opposition political parties to take to the streets. But my conscience always told me that a girl battling for life should not be unnecessarily branded a rape victim. It will be an injustice on her and her family more than anybody else.Q-Are you lobbying for a Rajya Sabha seat?A-I never aspired for any post. I was happy as a teacher and now as chairperson of the commission. I do my assigned duty honestly. I am sure chief minister Naveen Patnaik will name the best candidates for the Rajya Sabha. I was never in the reckoning for the post and am content doing my current job to the best of my ability. I will continue to do my job as efficiently as I can till the time I occupy this seat.Q-How are you able to ensure justice to victims approaching you with the limited powers conferred on the SCW?A-I am trying my best. But obviously, the government should confer more powers on the commission. The SCW chairperson whose rank is comparable with a principal secretary should be given a cabinet minister status. Then, officers would listen to the chairperson more seriously. Currently, the commission has to make requests to them. If given a cabinet minister's status, she will be in a position to give orders. So many other states have given their commissions the rank of a cabinet minister or that of a minister of state. It is high time Odisha followed suit.Q-What are the functional difficulties of SCW?A-Of the six members, posts of two members are lying vacant for over two years since I joined the SCW in 2011. These should be filled up. The commission needs technological up-gradation to dispose of cases early. It should be computerized and the staff should be given computer training. We also need at least two more counsellors. The chairperson should have at least a full-time secretary so that her office remains open even when she is on tour. The commission has two dilapidated old cars. It is difficult to move around the state and attend to the victims everywhere.Q-At least 12,400 cases are pending in the commission. How will you clear the backlog?A-We are trying to end the pendency by working hard. But with popularity of the commission, the number of cases is on the rise. We are getting around 300 cases per month. Since its inception in 1993, the commission has registered 47,383 cases and has disposed 34,986 of them. That is not a small achievement. The government should fill up the posts and improve the infrastructure so that the commission becomes more efficient.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12284533", "title": "In Alemao raj, was a wall built to favour builders?", "text": "MARGAO: The proposed construction of a retaining wall near a water body at Morfond, Aquem Baixo, by the water resources department has raised concerns about flooding and ecological damage among locals. Alleging that the move is aimed to favour a builder who has a construction project coming up in the vicinity, villagers have demanded that the authorities come clean over the issue.The Navelim Civic and Consumer Forum (NCCF), which has taken up the issue with the authorities, claimed that all its complaints to the concerned authorities have gone unheeded.Days before the recently-concluded elections, locals had objected to the dumping of truck-loads of mud at the site and forced the contractor to stop work. They fear that any encroachment on the water body may result in flooding and erosion on the Aquem-Baixo side during the monsoon.\"It can clearly be seen that the river has been encroached upon by dumping mud and illegally reclaiming a large portion of it. Since this area is prone to flooding during monsoons, we fear that it may cause damage to our ward as the width of the river has been greatly reduced and hence the flow of water will be affected,\" NCCF secretary Joseph Vaz had written in a letter to the water resources department in January 2012. He said that the authorities have failed to act on his letter.\"If a retaining wall has to be built, then it has to be built on both sides of the river, otherwise it will lead to flooding and cause damage to many old mud houses in the village. Moreover, constructing a retaining wall without demarcating the proper boundaries of the river strengthens our suspicions that is being done to purely to benefit the builder and give legitimacy to the illegal filling of the river at the cost of public funds,\" Vaz told TOI.Water resources department has however maintained that the retaining wall is being constructed purely to prevent flooding of the area during monsoons. \"We are desilting the nallah at various places and constructing the retaining wall as flood preventive measures,\" D S Pawar, assistant engineer, water resources department, said.Sarpanch of the Aquem-Baixo pcnahayat, Inacio Dias, when contacted, said that the panchayat body has not given any permission for construction of the retaining wall. \"Since the last eight months that I am the sarpanch, the panchayat has not issued any NOC for construction of the retaining wall, neither has the panchayat received any application from the water resources department seeking the same. I share the villagers' concerns, and am of the view that the government agencies should keep the panchayats informed of any new project they are undertaking in the village,\" Dias told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12283482", "title": "Medical College upgrade in limbo", "text": "KOLKATA: Does it take years for an already existing hospital of repute to get upgraded to the level of AIIMS? Medical College and Hospital Calcutta (MCHC), the oldest hospital in Asia, is being improved for the past five years but it is yet to take shape. If this be the rate of progress, the dream project cannot be completed in the next couple of years.How many years does it take for an already existing hospital of repute to get transformed into the lines of AIIMS? Medical College and Hospital Calcutta (MCHC), the oldest hospital in Asia, is undergoing the transition for over five years now and counting. Going by the snail paced progress of the dream project, it might take years for the project to see the light.There, however, was a spark flicker of hope when the Trinamool Congress came to power at the state about 10 months back. The hospital expected the project to get a boost after Mamata Banerjee took charge of the health ministryhoped a leap in the progress of the project. But it the project hasn't progressed much in the past few months, said sources.\"With the Trinamool Congress at the state and the party being a part of the UPA government, we had high hopes in the speedy completion of the project. But nothing has changed in the past 10 months. The project is in a limbo and we have no idea when it will materialize,\" said a hospital source.In August 2003, the then union health minister Sushma Swaraj had given the in-principle assented nod to the upgrade of MCHC on the lines of AIIMS. At the behest of the health ministry, a team from AIIMS visited MCHC in April 2007 to take stock of things. The final shape to the proposed centre of excellence after a visit by a team from AIIMS to MCHC in April 2007 at the behest of the ministry of health. After getting a feedback.Based on their feedback, the Centre sanctioned Rs 100 crore for the project while the state was given responsibility to arrange for given the responsibility of pumping in Rs 20 crore.The upgrade included construction of an OPD complex to house OPDs of all streams, an academic block, acquiring of latest equipment, building a multispeciality unit and a regional cancer treatment centre with nuclear medicine facility.Though construction work began in 2007, only the OPD unit has been made ready in the last five years. No one has clue about the multispeciality unit that was supposed to become operational by March 2010. No one can say for sure when the work on the multispecialty unit will begin. Infact this unit was be become operational by March 2010. Cut to March 2012, two years down the building itself is yet to come up forget about other infrastructure including equipment and others.Meanwhile, the cost has escalated to 156 crore from the original estimate of Rs 120 crore in 2009. The state government had to bear the additional cost.The health department officials blamed the delay on a tussle between the Noida-based HSCC (India) Ltd, the implementing agency of the project, and the local construction company. \"Existing services have to be continued while the uplift is underway. Thus it isn't easy to keep to the timeline. The dispute between the implementing agency and the construction company over payment issues has added to the delay.But work on the multispecialty unit will soon begin,\" said Asit Biswas, spokesperson of the health department.Shifting of some offices that are housed in the dilapidated building, where the multispeciality unit would come up, posed a problem. The co-operative of the hospital staff and an office of the Kolkata municipal corporation are some the offices that are housed in the building that would have to be razed.Ananda Basak, a member of the advisory committee of the state government's employees federation, said, \"Initially, the hospital did not bother to inform us about the shift. But once we received the notice, the office was vacated within two days.\"Another source said that \"The staff have agreed to relocate their office. Also, the tussle between the HSCC and the local constructor needs to be intervened by the government from time to time, otherwise the project will not be completed anytime soon. see light of the day,\" said a hospital source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12285199", "title": "Owners flout ban on horse ride in plateau", "text": "PUNE: An investigation by the Animal Welfare Board of India (AWBI) on Thursday revealed that horse rides are on offer at the volcanic plateau in Panchgani, popularly known as 'table land', despite a ban imposed by the Bombay High Court in 2002.The investigation was conducted following the death of the school student, Tanushree Hedge, on Wednesday. The board found that neither the horse nor the handler was registered with the AWBI.No medical examination of the handler was conducted and there was no post-mortem of the horse, said animal welfare officer Manoj Oswal. The board official also claimed that the animal did not die in the accident but breathed its last because its owners had tied the horse's legs and dumped it in the valley to die.Oswal, who conducted the investigation, told TOI it was shocking that the horse, which was badly injured, was killed by the owners when they realised the animal will be of no use. \"The investigation has revealed that there is not a single veterinary doctor to treat horses in Mahabaleshwar-Panchgani area and most of them depend on quacks,\" he said.\"There are around 160 horses used for joyrides in this area, whereas the Bombay High Court had banned horse rides on the plateau, because of the ecology and safety aspect,\" he said.Oswal said the accident showed that it was the reluctance of the horse owners to follow precautions and the direction of the AWBI and the police. \"We can book a case under IPC Section 286, for negligence by the management in respect to animals causing grievous injury to human beings,\" he said.Oswal said the horse owners did not take proper care of the animals and the handlers were not properly trained. \"Three years ago, a camp was held for the horse owners on the safety aspect. The horses are treated cruelly and thorny bits are fitted in the horse's mouth,\" he said.Oswal said, \"After speaking to eyewitnesses, we found that the five girls sat on the horse cart and one of the girl pulled the harness of the horse which was given by the handler. The horse moved backwards and in panic the girl again pulled the harness. By the time the handler could control the situation, the accident had happened.\"BOXThe Panchgani Municipal Council has given strict orders to implement the ban imposed by the Bombay High Court in 2002 barring horse buggies and horses on the ecologically sensitive Panchgani plateau.Chief executive officer of the Panchgani Municipal Council Asha Raut told TOI, \"Despite the ban, horse ride was offered on the table land. The horse owners were flouting the order so we have given strict direction to stop horse rides here.\"ends/", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12288192", "title": "Anil Kapoor\u2019s \u2018accent\u2019 not so jhakaas", "text": "Anil Kapoor's famous British style of speech fails to work, makers decided to re-dub all portions starring the actor in TezzWith a role in a foreign production comes the inevitable foreign accent. And thus, after mouthing 'chhaiwallah' innumerable times in Danny Boyle's Slumdog Millionaire , the One-Two-Ka-Four Lakhan of Indian Cinema, Anil Kapoor , too had acquired a Brit accent. Such are the drawbacks of trying to get into the 'skin' of every character, one may say. And while his accent has surely helped in luring Tom Cruise to the subcontinent, for Priyadarshan's upcoming film, it has proved to be a hindrance.Mumbai Mirror has learnt that Anil, who plays a British cop in Ratan Jain's Tezz, has laid on the accent a little too heavily. And thus, the makers along with the actor, have now decided to re-dub the entire film.Explaining the situation , producer Jain told Mirror, \"See, Anil plays a character born and brought up in London . So, he felt that the accent is very important to make it look authentic. However, when we saw the film a couple of days back, Anil felt that his voice is his USP and by speaking in an accent, he was losing out on that.\"Considering it was Anil's 'Jhakaas' that connected famously with the Indian audience, Jain felt that the actor's original voice would also help the film work out emotionally with the cinegoers at home. \"It was his decision to re-dub the film. We both felt that it was the best way to go about things. I am more than happy when my actors think positively for the film. We would now re-dub the entire film.\"Anil's impulsive decision to drop the accent, which he had been so fond of lately, comes at the wake of a private screening of the rushes of Tezz. A source close to the project revealed that it was the stark difference between his and the other actors' accents that made Anil change his mind.\"Anil is someone who gets involved in every aspect of his projects. He had got this accent ever since he worked in Boyle's Slumdog Millionaire. His character in Tezz demanded an accent as well. However, when he saw the film a couple of days back, he decided that the accent was not working. He spoke to producer Ratan Jain and decided to re-dub the film,\" the source added.Anil plays a character born and brought up in London. He felt that the accent is very important to make it look authentic Ratan Jain, Producer Tezz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12283640", "title": "Vijay Mallya meets pilots for first time since Kingfisher Airlines inception", "text": "MUMBAI: For the first time since Kingfisher Airlines' inception almost seven years ago, its chairman Vijay Mallya held a meeting with his pilots. The meeting held in Delhi on Friday, primarily to discuss pending salary payment issue, is supposed to have ended on a positive note. Though Mallya declined to set a date for salary payments, his interaction with the employees is expected have a positive effect on the airline's flight schedule as a number of pilots have decided to resume their flying duties from Friday onwards.The ailing airline has not paid its employees salary since December and in protest from Monday onwards a majority of the airline's pilots have not been operating flights. On Thursday, the airline was forced to cancel about 18 flights from Mumbai and about 80 flights from across the country, the largest cancellation since the pilot's non-coperation began.Source said that over a hundred pilots turned up for the meeting and Mallya had to face a barrage of about 60-80 questions even as the discussions stretched on to about four hours. The most contentious topic was that of salary payments. \"Mallya was not very committal on the salary issue. But he was very proactive and he said that salary payment was on top priority. He said he will be doing his best,'' said a commander who attended the meet held in a banquet hall in R K Puram.The chairman reasoned that in the past he had announced dates for salary payments but could not honor them because of unforeseen developments. \"So he said, he did not want to set a deadline again and risk disappointing his employees,'' said a source. ``He said that a comprehensive salary settlement plan would be announced in a few days, but the first priority is to pay junior staff members,'' he said.The questions asked by the pilots ranged from salary payment to the airline's survival strategy, choice of recruitments in certain top managerial positions etc. ``Mallya said that pilots who feel they are not mentally fit to fly because of the stress brought by salary delay should stay away from duty and decline to operate flights,'' said a commander. ``He even said that pilots who wanted to leave could do so and the airline will give them a no-objection certificate. Then he added that he hoped pilots gave him a chance instead of quitting on him,'' the source added. The attrition rate among the airline's pilots has been at an all-time high for about six months now. The airline currently has about 300 pilots and they are not unionized. ``So it will be up to each pilot to decide whether to join duty from Friday. Many were of the opinion that they should, some said they will wait for a few more days,'' the commander said.Kingfisher, which reported a net loss of Rs 444 crore in the December quarter, has never made a profit since inception in May 2005. It suffered a loss of Rs 1,027 crore in 2010-11 and has a debt of Rs 7,057 crore.Even as Kingfisher Airlines struggles to maintain its flights schedules, especially those of international routes, the popular sectors like Mumbai-London are being eyed by other carriers. Richard Branson's Virgin Atlantic on Thursday announced that it will launch new flights to London from Mumbai from 29 October. The airline had stopped operating flights on this route about three years ago . \"Since 2009, the number of people who have flown between Mumbai and Heathrow has grown by 9% to more than one million passengers, making it Heathrow's twelfth busiest long-haul route,'' said a statement released by Virgin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12283434", "title": "Linking southern radars saves money for airlines", "text": "CHENNAI: In spite of some shortfalls, a success story appears to have been scripted behind the consoles of air traffic controllers in the city. Airlines saved 22.3 million litres of jet fuel flying over the southern region after the Airports Authority of India (AAI) modernised air traffic control, networked radar and redesigned air space to accommodate more flights at higher cruising altitude.The system was on trial for nearly a year before being launched officially in September 2011. The efforts have won the AAI the prestigious Jane ATC award this year.The AAI has decided to replicate the project in Mumbai, Delhi and Kolkata by year-end.Ten radars, including newly-installed ones at Vizag and Bellary, were networked as part of a project in Chennai flight information region. Air space above 25,500 feet was controlled from a single centre, helping eliminate blind spots, providing less separation to flights and minimizing delays. Controllers can now monitor flights approaching the southern region's flight zone from as far as Nagpur.\"Integration of radar has helped us give direct routes to flights and save a huge quantity of fuel, reduce delays and emissions. The system has also improved safety. This has increased our operational efficiency,\" said V Somasundaram, member, air navigation services, AAI board.Airlines saved 3,121 hours and 14.7 crore litres of fuel by flying shorter routes above 25,000 feet. The amount of fuel saved goes up further if reduced separation and flight level are also added. \"Controllers are giving high flight altitude. There is only 50 mile separation between one flight and another flying behind it. This shows that controllers are getting a better radar picture on their monitors,\" said a pilot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12283981", "title": "Police chief rewards dance bar informer", "text": "NAGPUR: After three bar girls and 15 people were arrested in a raid conducted at a liquor bar on Dighori road on Wednesday night, city police chief Ankush Dhanvijay has ordered a strict watch on eating sections in bars.The top cop also gave an award Rs 5000 to the informer who tipped off cops and helped DCP Zone IV Nishith Mishra to conduct the raid.On the information from the source, cops found three girls and 15 people hiding them on the third floor of the bar. Police said that the bar and restaurant was run on the ground floor while the dance floor was on the second floor. It seems that some illegal activities were carried out at third floor, suspect police.Cops also found two sharp weapons from the bar. However, the bar owner Nagesh Sultan has switched off his cell phone and is still absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12291857", "title": "Sehban Azim is back with bang", "text": "Sehban Azim who was loved as Dr. Yuvraj Oberoi in the hit serial 'Dill Mill Gayye', is soon going to be seen on the big screen now after missing from the scene for few months.His portrayal of Yuvraj Oberoi in the youth serial, garnered him a huge female fan base but unfortunately his fans were let down when he quit the serial.On getting this marvellous chance, he mentions, \"It is great to be back as acting is my passion and I had to deliberately stay away from television soaps as my film's producers wanted me to get a small break from being in front of the viewers.\"Ask him about the movie and its shooting experience and he replies eagerly, \"My film '64 Panne' is a psychological thriller and will surely keep everyone on the tip of their seats. It has been such a great experience of shooting as I got to shoot in amazing weather of Mussoorie and Delhi, where I hail from.\"Sehban was also seen in the international festival circuits in the film 'The Stations', which also won three national awards.It seems lady luck is favouring the young lad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12284357", "title": "Ponda Ratol victim succumbs", "text": "Ponda: Mita Mohan Naik, 38, from Panchwadi in Ponda taluka, allegedly committed suicide by consuming Ratol poison. Naik, who consumed poison on March 9, died while undergoing treatment at GMC on Thursday.In her dying declaration before the Ponda sub-divisional magistrate (SDM) Johnson Fernandes, Naik said that she had consumed the rat poison because of her poor health and that she was suffering for a long time.The deceased is survived by her husband and two children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12284379", "title": "Cops go all out to nab Curchorem culprits", "text": "MARGAO: The South Goa police have launched a 'massive' exercise to crack the case pertaining to desecration of a cemetery and kabrastan that occurred at Curchorem earlier this week.South Goa SP Arvind Gawas undertook yet another round of Curchorem on Thursday to guide the investigations. Speaking to TOI, Gawas said that the Curchorem police have interrogated several persons in connection with the incident and several more are being questioned.\"It's a massive exercise. We are investigating into all possible angles. Inputs from the intelligence sleuths are also aiding the investigations. At the moment, we are unable to rule in or rule out anything,\" Gawas told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12285050", "title": "A bleak future for fish farmers", "text": "KOZHIKODE: With the one year extension period of the Matsya Keralam project, launched in 2008, set to end on March 31, more than nine hundred beneficiaries in the district have no clue about the future of their brackish and fresh water fish farming programmes started under the project. The same is the case of aquaculture coordinators who were appointed by the state fisheries department to supervise the project. \"We may lose our job once the extension period ends in March,\" said one of the aquaculture coordinator who preferred anonymity.A total of 42 panchayats in the district, along with Kozhikode corporation and Vadakara and Koyilandy municipalities, come under the project. The farmers are worried that they would lose the benefits they receive under the project, like free supply of shrimp seeds and manure, once the project term is completed. The project in the district has been running successfully as many beneficiaries who registered their names with the fish farmers' development agency are making profits now.The state government had launched the project to increase the inland fish production from 75,000 tonnes to two lakh tonnes in three years. The project was extended for another year last year.The department, through the fish farmers' society, provided quality fish and shrimp seed and manure free of cost to the farmers. The seeds were procured from the government farms, seed rearing groups and FFDA sponsored hatcheries and Matsyafed hatcheries. The beneficiaries of the project are individual farmers, farmers groups, farmers' cooperatives, padasekhara samithis, NGOS and other departments having water bodies.According to the fisheries department, Kozhikode, a total of 279.9 hectares of land in the district brought under fish farming soon after the launch of the project. The fish production that was just 40 tonnes three years ago rose to 178.1 tonnes in 2011. This year the fisheries department has brought a total of 146.58 hectares of land in the district under fish cultivation.Meanwhile, Ahmmed Kutty, deputy director of Fisheries said the new government might re-introduce the project under Matsya Samruthi in the next financial year. He said the project was a success and the office had not received any official information about the extension of the service of aquaculture co-ordinators. He said the farmers who wanted to continue their fish cultivation could procure fish seedlings from the fisheries farms with 50% subsidy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12283415", "title": "Two held for posing as policemen", "text": "CHENNAI: Police arrested two conmen who posed as policemen and attempted to extort money from a couple near Akkarai beach in Injambakkam on Wednesday.Officers of the Neelankarai police station, on Wednesday evening, saw two men harassing a couple near the beach. Upon inquiring, the duo, who identified themselves as Ilango, 40, of Tambaram and Purushothaman, 40, of Keelkattalai, claimed to be policemen and said the couple were \"behaving indecently\" at a public place.After questioning the couple, police realized that the men had been trying to extract money from the couple posing as policemen. The couple were let off after a strict warning and the duo taken into custody. During interrogation, the men confessed to using fake identities to harass the couple on the beach.Neelankarai police registered a case and arrested the two who were later remanded in Puzhal prison after being produced before a magistrate court in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12284432", "title": "Consumers cautioned against fake products", "text": "PANAJI: At a function to mark World Consumers' Day at the Ghall, Panaji , on Thursday, speakers sought to remind people that as consumers they are protected by certain laws and should seek redressal if they feel aggrieved.Roland Martins, coordinator of consumer rights group GOACAN, said, \"People should start filing complaints and go step by step, instead of directly approaching higher authorities.\"Jagdish Prabhudessai, member of state consumer disputes redressal commission, said, \"Goa needs to have a testing laboratory.\" The lack of one means that any product testing in case of a dispute needs to be done outside the state thus consuming additional time.Raj Vaidya , member of GCCI consumer affairs committee, cautioned people against fake products and those that are generally well advertised and marketed.V R Naik, controller of legal metrology, spoke of stricter fines under new provisions of the Legal Metrology Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12287734", "title": "Wipro launches cloud-based solution for US market", "text": "BANGALORE: Wipro Technologies, the global Information Technology, consulting and outsourcing business of Wipro Limited , announced the launch of its nextgen care management solution for the US healthcare market, specifically aimed at primary care physicians and healthcare providers.The objectives of the Wipro solution are aligned with the United States' Medical Home and Accountable Care Organisation (ACO) programme to enable personalised, affordable and quality care, the Bangalore-headquartered, the New York Stock Exchange-listed company said in a statement.The solution enables physicians to drive patient participation in devising a personalised care plan with defined care goals, treatment plan and health improvement activities, it said.The built-in collaboration platform in the solution uses tools such as sms, chat, alerts, reminders, activity workflows and helps in reducing cost by avoiding treatment overlaps, multiple clinical tests or hospitalisation, the company said.\"The solution's compatibility with devices such as Smartphones, Tablet PCs and integration with remote patient monitoring devices ensure access to patient medical records at the point of care, for proactive and preventive care delivery\", it said.The solution provides performance analytics to help in developing an outcome driven and quality focused healthcare culture, the statement added.Mohd Haque, Vice President, Healthcare Vertical, Wipro Technologies,said \"Wipro's solution is capable of transforming the current reactive, episodic, fragmented care delivery system into a foundation of partnership between payer, provider and patient to co-manage, monitor and measure delivery of care\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12284247", "title": "Beant killer wants Akal Takht to make \u2018gift\u2019 possible", "text": "JALANDHAR: Following the teachings of Saint Kabir in spirit, Balwant Singh Rajoana - who is likely to be hanged on March 31 for assassinating former Punjab chief minister late Beant Singh - has urged the Akal Takht Jathedar to ensure that his wish of donating his eyes and other organs is fulfilled.After the Takht go-ahead in 2008, Rajoana had readied his will, pledging his organs to needy persons and his eyes to a blind raagi (preacher) of Harmandar Sahib. According to his sister, he began his last testimony with the verse from Kabir. The document was written and signed in Burail Jail, Chandigarh, on June 17, 2008, in the presence of his sister Kamaldeep Kaur, brother-in-law Baljit Singh, seven-year-old nephew Ajaydeep Singh, deputy superintendent (jails) Navjotpal Singh Randhawa and the prison doctor.''It is up to the Jathedar now,'' said his sister, while speaking to TOI on Thursday. Rajoana said he pledged his eyes to the blind ragi Bhai ''so that my eyes keep on seeing the sanctum sanctorum''. He has also made it clear in his will that if his eyes can't be given the ragi for some reason, they should give sight to some other needy person see.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12284529", "title": "What is a prohibited area?", "text": "Every area, beginning at the limit of the protected area or the protected monument and extending to a distance of 100m in all direction. No construction is allowed within this areaWhat is regulated area?Every area, beginning at the limit of prohibited area in respect of every ancient monument and archaeological site and remains, declared as of national importance under section 3 and 4 and extending to a distance of 200m in all directions shall be the regulated area. The area comes under purview of director general of ASI in matters of development.Why didn't the SLC mark the 300m area?A SLC member said they had marked a buffer zone and also the archaeological park area in Old Goa. But he conceded that marking of the 300m may not have been foolproof as data was not available to it. However, ASI sources said they had not been taken into confidence during the exercise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12283368", "title": "379 cases of cheating registered in X board exam", "text": "BHOPAL: A record 379 cases of cheating were registered in the state on Thursday in the class X mathematics exam of Madhya Pradesh Board of Secondary Education (MPBSE).This is the highest number of cases registered in any board exam so far. While 11 cases were registered in Bhopal division, three cases of cheating were registered from the city. One was in the disputed Rana Pratap High School and two were in Nazeerabad.The MPBSE declared 17 more exam centres in the state capital as 'sensitive' on Thursday, according to official sources. The exam centres have been termed sensitive mainly because students from other states are taking the exams at these centres as private students. The Board has also appointed special observer teams to keep vigil on the private students taking exams at these centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12285091", "title": "Study looks at maintaining habitat of Indian giant squirrel", "text": "PUNE: A year-long study has been initiated by the forest department (wildlife) and the Agharkar Research Institute (ARI), Pune, to understand the regeneration pattern of the forest in the Bhimshankar wildlife sanctuary that supports the endangered Indian giant squirrel.The sanctuary, located in the Ambegaon taluka of Pune district, is home to the squirrel and various other species of animals and birds.The study aims to find out the prime canopy and tree species crucial for the survival of the Indian giant squirrel. Accordingly, steps will be taken by the forest department to conserve the state animal.M K Rao, chief conservator of forest (wildlife), Pune, told TOI that the aim of the study is to find out whether after 40 years, the forest will be a suitable habitat for the survival of the state animal or not. \"If the tree species preferred by the Indian giant squirrel is declining or there is no good regeneration in forest, it can affect the survival of the animal. In such a situation, the forest department will take steps to conserve and protect the state animal,\" he said.Vinaya Ghate, scientist, and Mandar Datar, scientist, ARI, will study what type of tree species are growing in the forest in winter, summer and monsoon months.Datar said the field work for this study was started recently. \"We are looking at the regeneration of seedling and saplings in the forest. The Indian giant squirrel's survival will depend on the species of trees that are growing there at present,'' he said, adding that the study will look at the open areas, canopy and outskirts of the forest area too.It has been observed that trees of mango , jamun, and fig are very few in number in the forest, though the anjani tree is found in abundance. Also, pisa and phansada trees are growing profusely in large numbers. Datar said that Indian giant squirrel feeds on the fruits of mango, jamun and phansada trees and on the leaves of Anjani.Rao said, \"We will undertake studies on the percentage of tree growth, the tree species that are growing profusely and which are lagging behind. Thus, our observations will be confirmed with factual data provided by the ARI and accordingly we can take protection measures,\" he added.Renee Borges, professor, Centre for Ecological Sciences, Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore, who has studied the status, ecology and conservation of the Indian giant squirrel in Bhimashankar wildlife sanctuary, had said that Indian giant squirrel feeds on certain plant species and these species have to be conserved. \"The Indian giant squirrel is a symbol of undisturbed forest. Therefore, a holistic approach is needed to protect them. It needs continuous canopy, so there has to be continuity between two forests. The forest department has to identify the threats and take measures accordingly,\" she had pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12285382", "title": "CM denies Centre rejected proposal of Shivaji statue in sea", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Thursday denied that the Centre had shot down the state's proposal to set up a Shivaji statue in the midst of the Arabian Sea off Marine Drive.On the first day of the Budget session, Chavan said in the state legislative assembly, \"The environment ministry had not communicated its disapproval of the Maharashtra government's proposal to set up a 309-ft statue in the Arabian Sea. The DF government is committed to set up the statute of the great Maratha warrior king.\" He added, \"I had urged then Union environment minister Jairam Ramesh to consider the statue proposal as a special project and relax CRZ rules. Meanwhile Ramesh's portfolio changed. We are in communication with the new minster.\"Chhatrapati's staute has assumed political overtone, with Leader of Opposition Eknath Khadse ( BJP ) saying, \"The media has quoted deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar saying the Union government has denied permission for the statue in the middle of the sea. Pawar has said the government will now have to look for alternative location. Pawar and Chavan's statement are not only contradictory, but it also proves that there is no coordination in the DF government.\" Taking a dig, Khadse said the government, which has been making so much effort on Lavasa plans, should work towards the great Maratha warrior king's statue similarly. Leader Ganpatrao Deshmuk and Shiv Sena leader Subhash Desai also ridiculed the government. \"The DF government is known for lip services,\" Desai said. MNS leader Bala Nandgaonkar said, \"Delhi has been always giving secondary treatment to Maharashtra and the Shivaji statute is the best example of it.\" A special discussion on the statue will be held on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "12286086", "title": "Cage culture fails to yield prawns in Ankola", "text": "KARWAR: The cage culture for breeding prawns introduced in Keni village of Ankola taluk in 2010 with much fanfare seems to have failed to yield desired results. The experiment has led to heavy loss to many fishermen in the area.The Central Marine Fisheries Research Institute (CMFRI) introduced the technology for sustainable use of fish resources to augment production during lean period, especially monsoon. Two such cages were placed in Keni which was the first place in the state where the CMFRI introduced cage culture fishing. The local Fishermen Developmental Forum was vested with the responsibility of maintenance.After the experimental method in Keni, net cages were introduced in three other places in the state, said an official of the fisheries department.In the beginning, about Rs 1.50 lakh prawns died due to excess feeding. A total of 32 fishermen of the village were employed for the work. They were working round the clock in two boats to provide food to the prawns, Ganapati, a fisherman said.After the death of prawns, one of the net cages was shifted to Karwar. To set up each net cage, the government had spent about Rs10 lakh, said an official of CMFRI.According to Fisheries department officials, Keni was an exceptional case and cage fishing was successful in the rest of the state.Chandrakant Balegar, president of the fishermen developmental forum, said the effort of those who had worked for the project had gone futile and demanded compensation from the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "nadiad", "code": "12284998", "title": "MLA on state\u2019s education panel takes SSC exam", "text": "NADIAD: It's a rarity that a senior politician and somebody of the stature of deputy chief whip of the Gujarat state assembly of the ruling BJP earnestly takes some time off to write his SSC exams. For 59-year-old Ambalal Rohit, an MLA from Sojithra in Anand district, is not seen in the state assembly in the morning these days when the House is in session.Instead he was in the midst of a last minute revision for his science paper on Thursday. Interestingly, he is a senior executive member of the state's education committee and it was his daughter Hetal, who as a school teacher in a government primary school in Anand, insisted that her father complete his basic education.\"I stopped studying after eighth standard as we were five brothers and sisters and could not afford any education. As a responsible member of the education committee, it was also my duty that I should be holding the basic qualification. My daughter Hetal had insisted that I pass my exams.,\" says Rohit. Rohit had entered into active politics after he won the Sojithra seat in 2002 and he has held the post of chief whip in the last assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12284337", "title": "Drinking water planned for newly-added areas", "text": "MADURAI: A project report of Rs 100 crore has been prepared in the budget to establish drinking water facilities to the newly added areas in Madurai Corporation.Recently, the corporation had extended its limits from 51.82 sq km to 147.99 sq km with Anaiyur, Avaniapuram and Tirupparankundram municipalities, Harveypatti, Tirunagar and Vilangudi town panchayats and Melamadai, Uthangudi, Vandiyur, Kannanendal, Naganakulam, Tiruppalai, Chinna Anuppanadi, Chinthamani, Iravadanallur, Pudukulam bit - II and Thiagarajar Colony panchayats annexed to the corporation limits.The newly-added areas will get drinking water infrastructure with the proposed budget allocation of Rs 100 crore.Further, a project report of Rs 300 crore has been prepared to identify new drinking water sources for the newly-added areas. Under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JnNURM) scheme, the project report for the drinking water amenities in these areas has been prepared for an estimation of Rs 182 crore under the Cauvery Joint Drinking Water scheme. Out of the proposal, Rs 73.45 crore had already been sanctioned and the works will be carried out through Tamil Nadu Water and Drainage Board (TWAD). At the same time, projects reports are being prepared to provide underground drainage system to the newly-added areas.Under the JnNURM scheme, a project report of Rs 101 crore has been prepared to improve the drinking water infrastructure in the existing areas. This project will provide drinking water facilities to the old areas in Madurai left out in the previous projects.Under this project, Rs 7.7 crore has been set aside for the renovation of pumping stations, Rs 69 crore to replace the old supply lines, Rs 1.3 crore for renovation of main pumping station, Rs 17 crore for construction of new overhead tanks and Rs 1.9 crore to fix the meters for the drinking water lines. The projects will be presented to state government for approval after which they will be implemented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12284122", "title": "Three more swine flu cases in state", "text": "JAIPUR: After swine flu reared up its ugly head again, the state medical, health and family welfare department has decided to launch a massive door-to-door survey in the city from Friday to detect patients of the disease in early stages.Meanwhile, a four-year-old girl Aarti, a resident of Ajmer Road, tested positive for the swine flu on Thursday. So far, 13 cases of swine flu have been reported during the last 17 days in Jaipur, including Aarti. Also, two more cases of swine flu were detected one in Bikaner and one in Jodhpur. On Thursday, one case of swine flu each was found in Jaipur, Bikaner and Jodhpur.In Bikaner, 36-year-old Rajesh Kala and in Jodhpur 19-year-old Mamta Saini tested positive for H1N1 influenza. So far in the last one year in the entire state (from April 2011 to March 15), 47 swine flu cases were detected and 15 deaths from it were reported.Given the surge in swine flu cases, the department has completed preparations to deal with it. Health workers, who are already posted in all the 77 wards of the Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC), will conduct the survey in their respective wards. A team of two health workers for each ward has been constituted, which will have a target survey of 100 houses each day. They will have to complete the survey in 15 days' time.The department has also prepared a check list and a questionnaire so that the health workers will maintain uniformity in the survey report. The health workers would find out patients with cough, cold and breathlessness as these are also the symptoms of swine flu. The department will then provide medicines useful in treatment of swine flu to the patients who tested positive for the swine flu.A medical, health and family welfare department official said apart from two deaths of swine flu patients, the other cases are not serious as they are put on medication.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12283213", "title": "MNS finds new ally in BJP", "text": "MUMBAI: The new BJP-MNS alliance in Nashik could be a precursor of new political equations in the state, say observers. The BJP ignored its long-time poll ally, the Shiv Sena , to team up with the MNS in the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC).MNS chief Raj Thackeray has thanked the BJP for its support.The recent Congress reverses in UP, Goa and Punjab has brightened the BJP's hope that a grand Sena-BJP-MNS-RPI-PWP alliance can upstage the ruling Congress-NCP combine in the 2014 assembly polls in Maharashtra. However, Matoshree isn't willing to think of the assembly elections. It will keep licking its wounds from the Nashik election.\"The BJP's decision (to team up with the MNS) is incomprehensible, illogical and downright unethical,\" said senior Sena functionary Arvind Sawant, senior Sena functionary in the grape city. The BJP should not have kept Matoshree in the dark till the eleventh hour,\" said a Sena functionary. Initially, the Sena had offered the Nashik mayoral seat to the BJP in a bid to trounce the MNS. However, the BJP turned down the offer, citing lesser number of seats in the civic body as reason. Next, the Sena fielded its own nominee for the mayor's post, anticipating BJP's support. Not only did the BJP ditch the Sena, it teamed up with the MNS for the key election and won the deputy mayor's post as its reward from its latest partner.\"We backed the MNS because it had a the people's mandate in the Nashik civic election,\" said BJP MLA Girish Mahajan.\"The MNS had backed the Sena-BJP-RPI alliance in the Thane mayoral election,\" said another BJP functionary. \"The MNS was expecting us to reciprocate in Nashik. The Sena should have displayed magnanimity by supporting the MNS, which has the largest number of seats in the Nashik civic body. The mandate in Nashik is clearly in the MNS' favour,\" he added.Realizing that the BJP had joined hands with the MNS, a shocked Sena had no other option but to abstain from voting in the mayor's election. In a 122-member NMC, the Sena has a strength of 19 members as against MNS's 40 and BJP's tally of 14.The Congress and the NCP too stayed away from the election process, thus clearing the decks for the BJP-MNS victory in the mayor's and deputy mayor's election polls.Although the BJP has maintained, in a poor attempt to placate the Sena, that its partnership with the MNS will be confined to Nashik alone, there are ample indications that the BJP is keen on having the MNS on board the Sena-BJP-RPI alliance. \"We will soon call on Balasaheb Thackeray and Uddhav Thackeray with a formal proposal that the MNS should be made partner in the Sena-BJP-RPI alliance,\" said a former BJP MP.The NCP stayed away from voting following instructions from party president and Union minister for agriculture Sharad Pawar. Talking to mediapersons , Pawar had indicated that his party would have no truck with the Sena in Nashik. \"By asking the party's Nashik unit of the party to abstain from voting, Pawar has clipped Chhagan Bhujbal's wings,\" say political observers. A senior minister in the DF combine, Bhujbal, is a force to reckon with in Nashik, which is considered to be his political turf and hometown. There is another reason why the NCP abstained from voting on Thursday and thus helped the MNS in the mayor's election.Pawar will need MNS's support in the Rajya Sabha elections. Pawar has set his gaze on the 12 MLAs that MNS has in the assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12283071", "title": "Chiru\u2019s men feel left out in Congress", "text": "HYDERABAD: Barely a couple of days after the merger of the Praja Rajyam Party (PRP) with the Congress was formalised by Speaker Nadendla Manohar in the Assembly on Monday, an exodus is likely with almost 350 senior and middle level 'unhappy' leaders of the party, till now led by Chiranjeevi, being wooed by the YSR Congress and TDP.After the merger, erstwhile PRP leaders see no future for them in the Congress. \"The Congress is interested only in Chiranjeevi. And Chiranjeevi is interested only in a post for himself and has no time for us. Therefore, what future will we have in the Congress?\" asked one leader.Both the YSR Congress and TDP, which badly need Kapu votes, have been luring many leaders with party tickets in the next elections. Facing uncertainty in the Congress, many of them are likely to severe their links with Chiranjeevi, who is now a Congress leader.The list of the discontented senior PRP leaders includes Kotagiri Vidyadhar Rao, Kothapalli Subbarayudu, Thota Trimurthulu, former MLA M Vishnu Vardhan Reddy, Vangaveeti Radha, sitting MLA Vanga Gita, industrialist Tulasi Ramachandra Prabhu, former IAS officers T Chandrasekhar, Varaprasad, former IRS officer Kadapa Srikanth Reddy, former MP Talari Manohar and retired IPS officer D T Naik.Seeing a possibility of winning a large number of them over to their side, Bhuma Nagi Reddy of the YSR Congress and Kala Venkat Rao of TDP are trying to convince them to join their respective parties. According to one PRP leader, at least 350 members, who lost the Assembly and Lok Sabha elections in 2009 are directly or indirectly in touch with the YSR Congress and TDP.Party sources blamed Chiranjeevi for their dilemma. \"Even for an MLA, it is very difficult to get an appointment with Chiranjeevi. There have been occasions when MLAs had to wait for two days to meet Chiranjeevi,\" the sources said. According to an MLA, the integration of the parties at the grass-root level has not taken place.\"In many places, Congress leaders simply cold-shoulder those who came from PRP. Either the PRP leaders are ignored or treated as unwanted,\" he told TOI.In fact, some PRP leaders have already made their moves. A Srinivasulu, PRP candidate from Chittoor in the 2009 polls, met TDP president N Chandrababu Naidu last week. Among others, Kothapalli Subbarayudu, is reportedly toying with the idea of joining TDP.Subbarayudu was power minister in the Naidu regime and even though his name is being talked about as a possible Congress candidate from Narsapuram constituency which fell vacant due to the disqualification of Congress rebel MLA M Prasada Raju, Kothapalli is said to be in touch with his former TDP colleagues.Many leaders wonder as to why Chiranjeevi is not able to meet these leaders at least to reassure them about their political future. \"Many of these leaders lost the last elections with a wafer thin margin after spending huge money. What worries us most is not the defeat, but our leader's attitude towards us,\" some leaders told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "12284100", "title": "Attari border crossing to get new tarmac", "text": "AMRITSAR: The daily flag-lowering ceremony at Attari may raise patriotic fervor of onlookers to the highest pitch but the shoulder-high kicks and stomping often result in leg and knee injuries to BSF jawans.To protect BSF personnel from injuries, the force has decided to lay new tarmac with special rubberized material.BSF additional director general Himmat Singh said the work to lay new tarmac was likely to begin after commissioning of Integrated Check Post (ICP) at Attari.He added that the present heavy truck movement between two nations could damage the new tarmac.When ICP would start functioning, the present border gate would be used exclusively for the daily drill or some VIP movement while there would a dedicated border gate for cargo movement.\"We have seen some soldiers developing sprain and knee problems so we decided to take protective measure,\" said Singh.He also informed that BSF was mulling over introducing special boots with additional rubber soles for jawans performing daily drill at Attari.The BSF had earlier decided to do away with aggression from daily drill at Attari but the force didn't get any response from Pakistani counterparts.BSF inspector general (Frontier) Aditya Mishra said that they would also increase the sitting capacity at Attari. He said that present buildings of quarter guards and conference hall would be dismantled and shifted for construction of new viewers gallery.Presently, the official sitting capacity of Attari was 7,000 and BSF intended to raise it to 15,000 whereas more than 10,000 persons witness the daily drill at Attari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12285717", "title": "Fire blocks stairs, residents seek windows of escape", "text": "MUMBAI: Families frantically trying to evacuate the building were trapped as the wooden stairway, the primary escape route, was engulfed in flames. Some desperately tried to jump out of windows, others found ladders and ropes provided by people from adjoining buildings. Residents said when the fire brigade arrived 25 minutes after the fire started, most people had been evacuated.Deepika Phansekar (26) was forced to throw her 11-month-old son Pranay out of the window to save him from the flames. Luckily for Pranay, the crowd below caught him. However, when Deepika jumped, the crowd could not catch her and she sustained multiple fractures. Her husband Manish had managed to escape earlier through the staircase, the only way out of their third-floor flat. \"I threw my child as we were burning in the heat and everybody below told us to jump,\" said Deepika, speaking through an oxygen mask at Nair Hospital later on Thursday afternoon. However, Arvind, Deepika's father-in-law, could not jump and was charred to death before firemen reached the house.The Alexanders were luckier. Vincent Alexander (27) said when the family woke up at 7 am, there was a lot of smoke. \"We jumped to the adjacent under-construction building and then climbed down a ladder,\" said Vincent, whose father John (56) suffered extreme burns. His aunt Alice (54) escaped with minor burns.Naresh Parmar escaped from his ground-floor flat and ensured his family's safety before aiding rescue efforts. With five men from the neighboring Firoza building, he arranged three ladders to help people climb out of windows. \"We brought two ladders from the nearby Fire temple and rescued 15 people in half an hour,\" he said. Kishore Solanki, who lives on the eighth floor of the German Darshan building, also managed to place a ladder on a second floor window, helping several people out.Senior citizens were worst affected. Many were too scared to climb out of windows as some were afraid of heights while others were too traumatized by the events. A 70-plus woman was so shocked that she refused to let anyone help her climb out of the window. \"My mother was so taken aback that she went into trauma. We kept on coaxing her to come out but she didn't let either the fire officers or her family members touch her. After much persuasion, we were able to get her out,\" said her son Mahadev Vishwanathan. She was later taken to the railway hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12283494", "title": "Cable TV operators to blackout from March 17", "text": "INDORE: In protest against the imposition of 20% entertainment taxe by the state government, effective from April 1, cable TV services providers and multi system operators (MSOs) in the entire state have decided to blackout operations.A decision to this effect was taken by the joint struggle committee of the cable operators and MSOs in the state. They have already stopped beaming the entertainment channels since March 14.The members of the committee have stated through a release that the cable operators and other volunteers of the industry will stage a demonstration to ensure success of their agitation. The struggle will continue till the entertainment taxes are withdrawn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12283463", "title": "HC grants bail to Parulekar", "text": "BHOPAL: After spending 41 days in prison, firebrand Congress leader Kalpana Parulekar, who has been charged with morphing the photograph of state Lokayukta Justice PP Naolekar, was granted bail on Thursday by the Madhya Pradesh High Court (MPHC).The HC decision has come as a big relief to the Congress MLA given that her bail pleas had been rejected thrice by Bhopal-based lower courts - twice by additional district judge (ADJ) and once by chief judicial magistrate (CJM).A bench of Justice N K Gupta granted bail to Parulekar on a personal bond of Rs 40,000. The Judge observed considering her public duty, it would be proper that she may be permitted to attend the State Assembly and to carry out public work.She is released on bail to appear before various courts where certain cases are pending against her, he said.\"The HC has granted bail to Dr Parulekar,\" her counsel Shashank Shekhar told TOI over phone.In his submission, Shekhar argued the legislator has been charged with morphing which isn't punishable in the Information Technology Act (ITA). He contended that his client has been also charged with all bailable sections except one - Section 476 of the IPC - which is related to counterfeiting, but this section is not applicable in this case.Opposing her bail application, state deputy advocate General Purshendra Kaurav said investigations were underway against the MLA in the case. The prosecution has contacted Google website officials to collect some details. He said the FSL report regarding the morphed photograph clearly mentioned that the picture was touched up, using some electronic device. Kaurav said that 12 cases have been registered against the accused in the past 15 years.Appearing on behalf of an intervener, senior advocate and former Madhya Pradesh Advocate General RN Singh said the act of the MLA was an attack on the prestigious institution of Lokayukta. Singh said her conduct was unbecoming of a legislator.The Congress leader has been charged under IPC sections 471 (using forged document as genuine), 473 (making or possessing counterfeit seal etc), 473 (counterfeiting device or mark used for authenticating documents) and 469 (forgery for the purpose of harming reputation).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12285525", "title": "Court allows 2008 blast accused to contest MCD polls", "text": "NEW DELHI: Zia-ur-Rehman, one of the suspected Indian Mujahideen terrorists facing trial with 12 others in the September 2008 Delhi serial blasts case, will be contesting MCD elections from Zakir Nagar. Accepting his plea, a trial court allowed him to file his nomination papers from ward number 205. Rehman is lodged in Sabarmati Jail, Ahmedabad.\"The applicant is permitted to file his nomination to the returning officer concerned through the superintendent of Sabarmati Jail,\" Additional Sessions Judge Narinder Kumar said. Zia-ur-Rehman's counsel M S Khan submitted that his candidature does not suffer from \"any disqualification under Section 9 of Delhi Municipal Corporation Act\". Rehman is not seeking his release, he only wants his nomination to be forwarded through the jail superintendent, said Khan.Prosecutor Rajiv Mohan did not oppose Rehman's plea as a 1968 notification issued by Election Commission of India permits any candidate confined in prison to make and subscribe his affirmation in the prescribed form to the returning officer through the prison superintendent. Rehman had moved an application to contest the polls on Wednesday.In May last year, the court had framed charges against Zia-ur-Rehman and 12 others suspected IM modules for their alleged role in the 2008 serial blasts that killed 26 people and injured 135 others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12284330", "title": "Should former panchayat members, ZP members and councillors get pension?", "text": "When MLAs and MPs who are rich get many benefits such as pension, so also the former panchayat members, ZP members and councillors should also get pension. They are representatives of the people at the grassroots level. Why should they be denied of these benefits? If they get such pension they will be encouraged to do better work when in office.Dhillon DesaiPhysician, CanaconaSince government employees receive pension I feel the former panchayat members, ZP members and councillors should also get the same benefit as they are also involved in government and administrative work. According to me, these members should work while they are in power, and according to their efforts they should be granted such a privilege. It is not necessary that they should be given this benefit. The decision to grant this should be based on whether they have really worked hard during their tenure.Nezima FernandesTeacher, MarcelaAlthough these leaders claim to be serving the society, their bank balance and returns clearly show high levels of appreciation from the time they are elected, whether in opposition or in ruling side. So, if the government is able to separate the deserving from the non-deserving, only then it is worthwhile. Otherwise, it is a burden on the exchequer.John Abreu LoboLawyer, MapusaSince MLAs, MPs and government employees get pension, why should the former panchayat members, ZP members and councillors be denied of these benefits. Besides, a good number of them are economically weaker compared to the MLAs and MPs.Maura AfonsoService, Chicalim", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12285871", "title": "Iran's has to pay the price of his behaviour: US", "text": "WASHINGTON: Welcoming the decision of Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) to terminate services for designated Iranian banks, the US today said this shows that Iran has to pay the price for its behaviour.\"It is part of a process of tightening sanctions. It is part of the process of isolating Iran and making clear to the Iranian leadership that there is a price to pay for their intransigence, their refusal to abide by their international obligations, their refusal to adequately reassure the international community that its nuclear intentions are peaceful and non-weapon-related,\" the White House press secretary, Jay Carney, told reporters.Earlier in the day, the US treasury department commended the European Union for directing that no specialized financial messaging services can be provided by any entity in the EU for sanctioned Iranian entities and for the prompt response by the Belgian Treasury and SWIFT to the EU's action.\"Today's decision reflects the growing international consensus that substantially increased pressure is needed to convince the Iranian regime to address the international community's concerns about its illicit nuclear activities,\" said the Treasury Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence David S Cohen.\"Taken in the context of increasingly powerful sanctions applied by the United States, the EU, and many others in the international community, today's action reinforces the isolation of designated Iranian banks from the international financial sector,\" Cohen said.Responding to questions, Carney told reporters that the US would continue to ratchet up sanctions against the Iranian regime.\"The broader impact and the goal is to raise the price of intransigence, and we believe it will have that effect as part of the overall sanctions regime,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12284735", "title": "Chandni Mahal collapse: Bail plea of co-accused rejected", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nearly six months after the Chandni Mahal building collapse that left seven people dead and 23 injured, a trial court on Thursday rejected the bail plea of co-accused Dharmender Grover, who was evading arrest since the mishap. He had been on the run following the collapse and had surrendered on March 12.Grover, along with co-owner and accused Anil Kumar Saini had purchased the building with the address 833, Chandni Mahal. It was during demolition of Grover's building that the adjacent building collapsed. The court noted that Grover surrendered only when a non-bailable warrant was issued against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12285145", "title": "Sibal writes letter to all SSC passouts", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Students of the Central Board of Secondary Certificate (CBSC) schools in the city who cleared SSC board exams last year were surprised to get customized letters addressed to them from none other than Union HRD minister Kapil Sibal for clearing the SSC exams under the new Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE) scheme.\"You are special to the country as you belong to the first batch that completed class X under the new Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE) scheme. You have made the entire country proud. I can say with certainty that the future of India is safe because of bright sparks like you,\" says the letter which is addressed to each student by their name.\"For the first time, SSC students received a letter personally from the Union HRD minister. It was a big surprise for students,\" said Manan Choksi of Udgam School. The letter also has Sibal telling the students never to think of leaving studies.\"Never ever think of leaving studies even if your parents are unable to afford your fee. In that situation, please do not hesitate to write to me,\" says Sibal in the letter. While the intention of preventing poor students from dropping out of school due to lack of fee may be good, the letter has come rather late in the day. \"The letter has come a year late to prevent students from dropping out due to lack of fee,\" said a school principal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12284752", "title": "National policy on consumer protection needed: CERC", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Consumer activists demanded a 'National Policy on Consumer Protection' on World Consumer Rights Day (WCRD) on Thursday. The theme this year was 'Our money, Our rights: Campaigning for Real Choice in Financial Services'.\"India has only the Consumer Protection Act for the consumers. With banking, finance, housing, automobile and other sectors expanding, there is a huge consumer base in the country which is routinely faced either with deficient service or defective products. It is high time the country got its own national policy on consumer protection,\" chief general manager of Consumer Education and Research Center (CERC) said.The CERC which organized awareness sessions for consumers on Thursday urged consumers to go through the fine-prints while buying any financial products. \"India being a 'savings economy', large number of people make a beeline for various investment avenues. Market for financial services has huge potential. However, regulatory framework is not effective as it should be and limited numbers of players and huge demand for financial products leave less scope for competition.The level of financial literacy is also low. So investors are often lured to products with tempting names offering high returns with several strings attached. But if one buys any financial product after due diligence, chances of falling prey to such tactics are minimized,\" Dr V G Patel, CERC chairman said.\"The level of transparency is not up to the mark. So all the players should promote financial education and transparent information in order to help the consumers identify the best products suitable to them. Moreover, responsible grievance redress mechanism is also the need of the hour,\" he said.\"To corner a larger share of the market for financial products, all the big-wigs in the sector, be they insurance companies or mutual funds, lenders or deposit-taking firms, banks or financial institutions, continuously launch new products. But one should always remember that products with higher returns have a higher element of risk. While the fine-prints of products are important, one should also check the track record of the company,\" said Pritee Shah, chief general manager CERC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "vishal nagar", "code": "12284397", "title": "Pritpal sees money beyond value", "text": "VISHAL NAGAR: Once someone told Pritpal Singh that currency notes with 786 number on them bring prosperity, and ever since he's been collecting them. And for this enthusiast currency has meaning beyond the value. Today, he boasts of huge collection of currency notes with the lucky number on them.And how it all started? Pritpal, 50, said in 1987 while shopping he got a note having lucky three digits and after that day whenever he found such notes he kept adding it to his collection.Resident of Vishal Nagar, Pritpal said, The total value of my collection is Rs 25,000 having 786 digits on it. My collection includes currency in denomination of 10, 20, 50, 500 and 1,000.'' He adds, he best part about my collection is that I have never purchased it. I have collected these over the years, mostly while shopping.'' Now currency has a new meaning for Pritpal. he said, a??a??Earlier, collecting currency for me was just a mere timepass, but now its turned into a hobby and passion. I started seeing more than in money. I feel these notes are lucky for me and bring me prosperity.''Businessman by profession, Pritpal said, I check numbers of every note which come across me - mostly out of habit and profession, but largely because of my passion now!'' He adds, Many people have offered to buy my currency collection because they feel its lucky, but I have always refused. I love flaunting my collection but would not give it away for anything in this world.'' And Pritpal's family too appreciates his interest. Whenever anyone in my family comes across currency with these lucky digits, they immediately get it for me,'' he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "bijapur", "code": "12286101", "title": "\u2018Stinking school\u2019 makes students\u2019 life miserable", "text": "BIJAPUR: Students of the government Urdu Medium Higher Primary school on Sindagi road in Indi town have no option, but to learn the lessons tolerating the nauseating smell of drain water flowing on the school premises.Students are finding it hard to focus on their studies due to the unhygienic condition in the school coupled with the foul smell emanating from the leaked water. Despite stinking water entering the school premises due to leakage of the nearby drainage pipe since last week, no action has been taken by the authorities concerned.Students of Adarsha Vidyalay, Urdu Medium Boys School and Urdu Medium Girls School are also bearing the brunt of the official apathy. Everyday, they have to tread on the road filled with drain water to reach their schools.\"The place has become a breeding ground for mosquitoes. We don't have any choice, but to study and play in the unhygienic conditions,\" says Razia, a student.According to school headmaster Bagawan, they have submitted memorandum to the local bodies to repair the pipe, but in vain.\"We approached the town municipal authorities seeking an immediate solution for the problem,\" Indi BEO Hattalli said.Member of the Karnataka Rakshana Vedike said without changing the old pipe line, the problem will not be solved. They urged the officials to take steps to prevent the water entering the school premises.When contacted, Indi Municipal chief officer Tolanur promised to change the broken pipeline in two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12290034", "title": "Union Budget 2012-13: Pranab Mukherjee proposes change in IPO guidelines", "text": "NEW DELHI: The finance minister Pranab Mukherjee in his Budget speech announced a change in Initial Public offering ( IPO) guidelines to increase participation in small towns.Pranab also announced qualified Forifn Institutional Investors (FII) into corporate bonds. A new scheme to boost savings and the launch of Rajiv Gandhi Equity Scheme was also announced.He expects tax free bonds to raise Rs 60,000 crore in the next financial year as compared to the sanction for Rs 30,000 crore this fiscal.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12277305", "title": "Agent Vinod is not James Bond: Saif Ali Khan", "text": "Saif Ali Khan clarifies that his forthcoming film is not a Bollywood version of James Bond .Going by the poster of Agent Vinod, one would believe 'AV' would be a Hindi version of James Bond. After all, it has cars, women and lots of action.Actor Saif Ali Khan however clarified that the comparison would be wrong.\"Agent Vinod is nothing like James Bond. I don't have cool gadgets, cars or neither do I wear cool suits in the film. It's an action film but nothing like Bond. It's more of Jason Bourne you can say, although Vinod can kick Bourne's a**\", joked Saif.Speaking of Agent Vinod as a franchise, Saif showed interest in the sequel of the film.\"I'd love to have 2-3 sequels of AV, however it all depends on Sriram Raghavan and his vision and pace\" said Saif.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12283410", "title": "RGPV lets parents, students take a call on bike-free area", "text": "BHOPAL: Hailing Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT) for turning the institute into a 24x7 bike-free zone soon, RGPV vice-chancellor leaves its replication on its premises only after support from parents and students.Prof Piyush Trivedi, VC, RGPV, said the technical university is willing to follow suit. \"It is a praiseworthy decision. We are also willing to replicate the concept in the university and make it mandatory for colleges affiliated to RGPV across the state,\" Prof Trivedi said. But the decision for the 'bike-free zone' would be possible only after support from all sections of the society.\"We started a bus on our campus for students. But students never showed willingness to use it,\" he said.He also said it is also a responsibility of administration and parents to discourage students from coming to the institute on their mobikes.\"Most of students do not have licence. Despite repeated efforts, students have been regularly coming to the university and engineering colleges without helmets,\" he said expressing his helplessness.Even parking is a major problem on the RGPV premises. It would be difficult to make the RGPV a bike-free zone as the number of day-scholars is more than those living in hostel, he said.He strongly supported the idea of 'bike-free zone' in educational institutions. \"It should be made mandatory. Even the RGPV also witnessed an accident where a student lost his life. We are always ready to go for it in our educational institutions, if everybody is ready to support the cause,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12283996", "title": "4,900 sanitary workers denied medical benefit", "text": "NAGPUR: Naresh Wankhede (name changed) has been working as a sanitary worker for the past two years. In December, he lost his father to a respiratory ailment. Wankhede could not afford the treatment cost at a private hospital, since he is not covered under the Employee State Insurance Corporation (ESIC) scheme.Another sanitary worker Rekha Barsagade's (name changed) mother died of tuberculosis due to unavailability of funds for treatment.Sanitary workers have said that if they were covered under the ESIC scheme their parents and families could get better medical treatment. \"Had they been covered under ESIC, their parents could have at least survived for another couple of years,\" said a sanitary worker requesting anonymity.Around 4,900 'temporary' sanitary workers are facing this problem. Interestingly, NMC's health department has appointed these workers on temporary basis to sweep 200km of internal roads.The employees are turned away from the ESIC dispensary, where NMC employees are supposed to get free medicines, on the pretext that since they are not permanent employees they cannot get benefits. The sanitary workers have been running from pillar to post for the medical benefits, but in vain. \"We are even ready to pay regular contribution from our salaries as per government guidelines to get ESIC benefits,\" they added.As per the ESI Act 1948, it applies to factories and establishments using power and employing 10 or more persons and non-power using factories and establishments employing 20 or more persons. This makes ESI compulsory for all factories or establishments employing 20 or more employees, said sources.Interestingly, the apathy of the municipal corporation towards sanitary workers has also been admitted in replies to a Right To Information query by social activist and president of Civil Rights Protection Cell Dr Milind Jiwane.What is surprising is that the civic body is providing provident fund facility to these sanitary workers but not the ESIC facility. Deputy director (health) of NMC Dr Milind Ganvir said that he was not aware of these problems and assured to look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12286045", "title": "Railway promotee officers demand better pay scale", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The executive committee meeting of Indian Railways Promotee Officers Federation (IRPOF) was held here on Thursday where praised the Railway Budget. IRPOF general secretary Jitendra Singh said the provisions of the Railway Budget will help the railways to income. If tough measures were not initiated, then the railways might have faced a situation like Air India , he said.The meeting also discussed issues relating to the career progression of the promote officers and agreed on the points to be taken up with Railway Board officials. The officers demanded that a grade pay of about Rs 5400 be given to all Group B officers who initiate in the cadre just like the officers of the finance department. tnnThe promotee officers also demanded that promotion of officers of the miscellaneous category upto Junior Administrative Grade be soon implemented.There are about 13,500 officers in Railways and out of this, about 9,500 are promotees. They are part of the middle management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12285769", "title": "NOC to Metro rail is valid, fire dept to HC", "text": "MUMBAI: The fire department has informed the Bombay HC that its approval, granted two years ago to the Mumbai Metro Rail corridor phase 1 for the Versova-Andheri-Ghatkopar with plans for 12 stations, was on similar lines to the ones granted to the Delhi and Bangalore Metros.\"The NOC is valid,\" said a fire officer in an affidavit submitted in reply to a PIL filed by Monica Matani against the validity of the fire department clearances on the ground that they ought to have been given separately for each station and viaduct.The case has adjourned for a few weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12283296", "title": "City wired for disaster", "text": "MUMBAI: Most fires in the city are due to short-circuits, as experts said, there are no regular check-ups and directives to repair old cables or equipment, no awareness about Indian standards for selling and buying material for wiring, and no tough Act to punish the guilty.\"Most old buildings have a maze of unsecured wiring and there is no regular quality control mechanism even on material used in circuiting new buildings. It's no wonder that most of Mumbai's fires in older areas are because of short-circuits,\" power expert Ashok Pendse said.Data on Mumbai's fire incidents showed that between April 2009 and January 2012, there were 13,185 fires, of which 9,711 were caused by faulty electrical wiring and 1,806 by careless disposal of cigarettes. Interestingly, some due to faulty wiring have occurred in new buildings in suburban Mumbai and also the island city, raising concerns about material being used by contractors in electrical networking.According to experts working with the state electricity regulatory commission, people do not know the government department and officials who are suppose to conduct regular checks and take action if the national electrical code (NEC) is not followed. People are also unaware of standards and norms in the NEC and after how many years wires must be checked and replaced.Vijay Kariya, chairman of the cable division of Indian Electrical Equipment Manufacturers' Association (IEEMA), said though there was awareness about which gadgets are to be used, there was less awareness about which wires must be used with them. \"Awareness about safe and unsafe wiring and a regular watch on deterioration of insulation of wires are very important aspects in any house or commercial establishment,\" he said, pointing out that some people still use aluminum and other substandard, cheap wires.Kariya said putting a system of checking wiring in place by the government authorities, and creating awareness among consumers and electrical contractors about wiring, insulation and other safety equipment, was the real challenge.Anil Nagrani, another expert and IEEMA office-bearer, said there are IF 694 standards for house wiring and 1554 (I) norms for wiring in the latest electrical code. \"But shockingly majority of wiring in buildings, houses or commercial areas lack miniature circuit-breakers, earth leakage breakers and residual current circuit-breakers... an essential part of wiring and can easily protect the building from fires and shocks,\" he said.\"We do not have skilled and sufficient manpower to install wiring and conduct checks, as many ITIs which used to impart training, are now defunct. There is also no awareness about new national electrical code guidelines whose enforcement is a big challenge,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12284669", "title": "Pre-university exam-level one to be scrapped from next year", "text": "BANGALORE: The pre-university education department has decided to do away with the I PU examination and replace it by continuous and comprehensive evaluation (CCE) from the 2012-13 academic year. The move comes in the wake of the realization that at least one lakh students are lost in transition from I to II PU every year.In 2008-09, some 5,34,430 students attended I PU classes and only 4,28,580 of them graduated to the next year. The loss was 1,05,850. In 2009-10, the loss was 1.06 lakh. The over 1 lakh missing students could have either dropped out or failed to clear the exam. Most of these missing students are lost to formal education.I PU students get two chances: the main exam and the supplementary. The pass percentage in I PU supplementary is a dismal 18-19%. Those failing in supplementary exams are doomed: they can't attend regular classes and will have to appear for II PU exams as private candidates. Readmission to I PU is an option, but students aren't eligible to seek the same stream. Failed science students end up changing their stream as no private candidates are allowed in the stream.There is a widespread allegation that tuition lobby plays a major role in the poor I PU pass percentage. Though the district PU authorities prepare the question papers, the valuation is done by lecturers of respective colleges, rendering their students vulnerable. \"It has come to our notice that students not attending tuitions are deliberately failed in the exam. Once failed, students start attending the tuitions, and they are passed in the subsequent supplementary exam,\" said a PU department official on the condition of anonymity.By law, PU lecturers should not conduct tuitions, but it's only on the paper. The tuition lobby also plays a huge role in preparing students for II PU as private candidates.According to sources, some colleges impose a fee on students to condone attendance shortage. \"The colleges will not let students appear for the main exam for attendance shortage. Later, they arrive at an understanding. The students are, then, allowed to sit for the supplementary and are passed,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12292077", "title": "SP says it will continue to support govt even if TMC quits", "text": "NEW DELHI: With Trinamool Congress turning on the heat on the issue of rail fare hike, Samajwadi Party today offered solace to the Congress, saying its outside support to the coalition will continue.\"If Trinamool pulls out, our outside support will continue to the government,\" Samajwadi Party MP Shailendra Kumar told reporters here.He dismissed speculation that the Samajwadi Party will be part of the Union Cabinet, saying, \"There is no such thing\".Asked if the Congress and the SP were in talks on the issue, he said, \"No talks are going on\".Kumar's reaction came a day after Congress President Sonia Gandhi sent Parliamentary Affairs Minister Pawan Kumar Bansal to the swearing-in of Akhilesh Yadav as Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister.It was a subtle signal from Gandhi that the Congress would like to bank on the support of the SP which has 22 members in the Lok Sabha.The Trinamool Congress, which is the second-largest ally of the Congress, has 19 members in the Lower House.Commenting on the Union Budget for 2012-13, Kumar said, \"They have not done much for students and farmers and have not given much attention on the commodities used by poor people... It is a mixed budget\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12283602", "title": "New body to measure TV audience ratings", "text": "NEW DELHI: Industry representatives, including broadcasters and advertisers, have announced setting up of Broadcast Audience Research Council (BARC), which will measure TV audience ratings and, to that extent, break the monopoly of TAM.This will be the first time that media industry representatives will be part of the audience rating body and its equity will be held by the Indian Broadcasting Foundation (IBF), Indian Society of Advertisers (ISA) and Advertising Agencies Association of India (AAAI) with a 60%, 20% and 20% stake respectively.BARC was a key recommendation of the Amit Mitra committee on TV audience measurement set up by the I&B; ministry. A 10-member BARC board will soon be announced.At present, TV audience is measured by private firm TAM. There has been some dissatisfaction in the government on the small sample size (of only about 6,000 set-top boxes used by TAM to extrapolate data for the entire country) and the omission of the terrestrial TV network from TAM data.\"Advertisers are always looking for transparent and robust research and in-depth insights into the rapidly changing television viewership landscape,\" ISA chairman Bharat V Patel said. AAAI president Nagesh Alai added: \"A scientific and rational research methodology is the central thought behind BARC.\"IBF board director Paritosh Joshi said the new body will bring about a transformation not just for ratings and audience measurement but for Indian television in general. \"The idea of a joint industry initiative for TV audience measurement has been with us for the last six years,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12285133", "title": "Collector Salim bids farewell to Kozhikode", "text": "KOZHIKODE: P B Salim, the longest serving collector of Kozhikode will end his three-year stint in the district on Friday. Salim, who is going back to his home cadre in West Bengal, will hand over charge to additional district magistrate, K P Ramedevi on Friday.Salim had initiated several development projects during his term. An IAS officer on interstate deputation, Salim, has been serving the district as collector since February 2009. He received extension two times, first in June 2011 and later in December the same year during his three year and one month tenure. Addressing reporters in a farewell press conference on Thursday, Salim, who appeared emotional, thanked the support he received from his colleagues.During his term, he had initiated several novel projects such as Angels ambulance network, mass action for plastic-free Kozhikode (Map) and Nirman online token system for sand distribution. He said that the Sparsham project, the employment generation scheme for women in the once conflict-stricken Marad, was one of the most satisfying initiatives implemented under by him. The fact that we were able to issue around 8,000 land title deeds during the last three years was also much gratifying, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12288816", "title": "Budget 2012: Highlights", "text": "NEW DELHI: Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee presented India's budget on Friday for the coming financial year.APPROACH TO THE BUDGET* For Indian economy, recovery was interrupted this year due to intensification of debt crises in Euro zone, political turmoil in Middle East, rise in crude oil price and earthquake in Japan.* GDP is estimated to grow by 6.9 per cent in 2011-12, after having grown at 8.4 per cent in preceding two years.* India however remains front runner in economic growth in any cross-country comparison.* Monetary and fiscal policy response for better part of past 2 years aimed at taming domestic inflationary pressure.* Growth moderated and fiscal balance deteriorated due to tight monetary policy and expanded outlays.* Indicators suggest that economy is turning around as core sectors and manufacturing show signs of recovery.* At this juncture, it is necessary to take hard decision to improve macroeconomic environment and strengthen domestic growth drivers.* Twelfth Five Year Plan to be launched with the aim of \"faster, sustainable and more inclusive growth\". Five objectives identified to be addressed effectively in ensuing fiscal year.* If India can build on its economic strength, it can be a source of stability for world economy and a safe destination for restless global capital.OVERVIEW OF THE ECONOMY* GDP growth estimated at 6.9 per cent in real terms in 2011-12. Slowdown in comparison to preceding two years is primarily due to deceleration in industrial growth.* Headline inflation expected to moderate further in next few months and remain stable thereafter.* Steps taken to bridge gaps in distribution, storage and marketing systems have helped in more effective management of inflation.* Developments in India's external trade in the first half of current year have been encouraging. Diversification in export and import market achieved.* Current account deficit at 3.6 per cent of GDP for 2011-12 and reduced net capital inflow in the 2nd and 3rd quarters put pressure on exchange rate.* India's GDP growth in 2012-13 expected to be 7.6 per cent +/- 0.25 per cent.* Deterioration in fiscal balance in 2011-12 due to slippages in direct tax revenue and increased subsidies.FRBM ACT* Introduction of amendments to the FRBM Act as part of Finance Bill, 2012.* Concept of \"Effective Revenue Deficit\" and \"Medium Term Expenditure* Framework\" statement are two important features of amendment to FRBM Act in the direction of expenditure reforms.* Effective Revenue Deficit is the difference between revenue deficit and grants for creation of capital assets. This will help in reducing consumptive component of revenue deficit and create space for increased capital spending.* \"Medium-term Expenditure Framework\" statement will set forth a three-year rolling target for expenditure indicators.* Recommendations of the Expert Committees to streamline and reduce the number of centrally sponsored schemes and to address plan and non-plan classification to be kept in view while implementing Twelfth Plan.* Central Plan Scheme Monitoring System to be expanded for better tracking and utilisation of funds.SUBSIDIES* Some subsidies, while being inevitable, may become undesirable if they compromise the macroeconomic fundamentals of economy.* Subsidies related to administering the Food Security Act will be fully provided for.* Endeavour to keep central subsidies under 2 per cent of GDP in 2012-13. Over next 3 year, to be further brought down to 1.75 per cent of GDP.* Based on recommendation of task force headed by Shri Nandan Nilekani, a mobile-based Fertilizer Management System has been designed to provide endto-end information on movement of fertilisers and subsidies. Nation-wide roll out during 2012.* All three public sector Oil Marketing Companies have launched LPG transparency portals to improve customer service and reduce leakage.* Endeavour to scale up and roll out Aadhaar enabled payments for various government schemes in atleast 50 districts within next 6 months.TAX REFORMS* DTC Bill to be enacted at the earliest after expeditious examination of the report of the Parliamentary Standing Committee.* Drafting of model legislation for the Centre and State GST in concert with States is under progress.* GST network to be set up as a National Information Utility and to become operational by August 2012.DISINVESTMENT POLICY*Government has further evolved its approach to divestment of Central Public Sector Enterprises by allowing them a level playing field vis-a-vis the private sector in respect of practices like buy backs and listing at stock exchanges.*For 2012-13, '30,000 crore to be raised through disinvestment. At least 51 per cent ownership and management control to remain with Government.STRENGTHENING INVESTMENT ENVIRONMENTForeign Direct Investment", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12285753", "title": "GATE 2012 results: Chandigarh youth tops in architecture", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 23-year-old architecture student has made the city proud by securing first rank in the Graduate Aptitude Test in Engineering (GATE) in architecture and planning stream. The test enables one to secure admission in Indian institutes of technology (IITs) for master's programme in various engineering streams.\"I had never expected to top the exam. When I checked the result on Thursday morning, I could not believe my eyes. I have secured 80.67 marks out of 100 and now, I will get admission in an IIT of my choice,\" an excited Rhythm Kataria, a resident of Sector 47, said.Rhythm is fifth year (10th semester) student of Chandigarh College of Architecture (CCA), Sector 12.\"GATE exam in architecture is not very technical like other streams. As it involves more of reasoning and aptitude testing, it is difficult to predict its result. To crack it, one should be an all-rounder,\" he smiled.It is not only books that keep him engrossed, as he likes sketching, painting and photography, too. Rhythm, who comes from a business family, did his six-month academic internship in Paris, France.So, what is his success mantra? \"Never consider your studies as a burden and enjoy outdoor activities. Keep updating your knowledge about world architecture and whenever you get a chance to visit a new place, grab it,\" he said.Raj Kumar Kataria, father of Rhythm, said, \"Buildings and architecture have always fascinated my boy. We are proud of him and want him to achieve many more successes.\"Another student of Chandigarh Sanyam Bahga, 23, has secured 18th rank in GATE (architecture and planning). A resident of Sector 23-A and fifth-year student of CCA, Sanyam said, \"IIT-Roorkee is my first preference. I will join my father in his private practice after completing this course.\" His father is also an architect.\"My six-month training in Geneva (Switzerland) helped me a lot to crack the exam. There were many questions about the buildings that I had visited there. One should study regularly to perform well in the exam,\" he added.IIT-Roorkee and IIT-Kharagpur offer master's course in architecture engineering.GATE, an online exam, was held in January. Around 2,127 students had taken the exam in architecture and planning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12284601", "title": "Coastal cops acquire diving skills", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka police have become one of India's non-military law enforcement agencies to train in scuba diving, with the first batch of 10 cops from the Coastal Security Police Force successfully completing the professional certificate course under the Professional Association of Diving Instructors (PADI) at Nethrani Island in Murudeshwar.With this, they can carry out sea operations and needn't depend on the Indian Navy, National Disaster Rescure Force (NDRF) or the Army for support.Since 26/11 when terrorists took the sea route to reach our shores, the government intensified coastal security measures particularly on the West coast. A coastal police division in each state was formed and given the responsibility of patrolling the seas up to 5 nautical miles off the coast. This effectively meant that the coastal police need to be marine capable, have diving skills and be able to handle high-speed chase boats.Bhaskar Rao, IGP (internal security) in charge of Karnataka Coastal Police, told TOI: \"After the funds were sanctioned, the onus was on us to become a marine force and for that we needed to learn scuba diving boat operations. We were the first state unit to take the initiative.\"Bhaskar pointed out that while 5 nautical miles from the shore fall under the coastal police, the next 5-12 miles are managed by the Coastal Security Guard force. The coastal police chief said the Bangalore-based Planet Scuba India, a scuba-diving company owned by Madhava Reddy, played an important role in training the cops.\"Now we are can help fishermen in distress and, more importantly, take part in rescue operations during floods,\" said Bhaskar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12283176", "title": "17 Congress MLAs skip oath ceremony in Uttarakhand", "text": "NEW DELHI: Seventeen Congress MLAs skipped the oath ceremony in Uttarakhand assembly on Thursday, driving home the urgency for the party to resolve the anti-Vijay Bahuguna protest before elections to the Speaker's post and to the Rajya Sabha.A sustained protest from aggrieved Congress bloc would raise the possibility of a BJP Speaker in the assembly and the ruling party losing the Rajya Sabha berth. Sources said key anti-Rawat leaders from Delhi are in the race for the Upper House, an idea that can only infuriate the aggrieved lot.With assembly to be convened from March 24, with the Speaker's election as first agenda under ProTem Speaker of BJP, Congress would be anxious about the continuing protest. An unlikely accident of BJP Speaker would effectively neutralize Congress's win in recent polls. Rawat faction discounted such a possibility \"unless there was a blunder\" from Delhi. \"But a solution has to be found quickly,\" a leader said.The three-day-old protest against Bahuguna as the CM continued unabated when the oath boycott tore to shreds the claims of AICC leaders that MLAs had begun to desert Rawat. That senior leaders Indira Hridyesh and Harak Singh Rawat skipped the ceremony showed the depth of divide within over CM.Sources said Congress may have to move in with a \"package of political solution\" to address the \"injustice\" to the majority legislature group as well as to Rawat. Congress's decision to overrule Rawat for the second time in succession - to a political novice like Bahuguna in contrast to a towering N D Tiwari in 2002 - has acquired caste overtones. Sources said the \"Thakur\" community would have to be placated with a power perch to allay the misgivings about Congress's considered preference for Brahmins. \"Whether you like it or not, and we don't like it, but it has acquired these overtones,\" a leader said.Insiders said Bahuguna may have to take personal initiative to \"reassure\" angry legislators. He is seen as arrogant and the skepticism about him strengthened when reportedly he pulled up MLAs during his \"goodwill visit\" to Rawat's residence in the middle of the protest. He was reportedly angry at the sloganeering and for legislators not showing due respect to \"the CM\".Partymen said oath boycott was not a full-blown revolt but MLAs had only demonstrated their symbolic protest against the decision. \"They can go and take oath in coming days, but unless there is a strong attempt to restore their confidence, this government would only lurch from one crisis to another,\" a key leader said stressing the need for \"permanent solution\".Rawat himself asked three legislators to take oath to boost the tally of Congress bloc, lest it became intolerably embarrassing for the ruling party. MLA Pritam Singh participated in the assembly proceedings in Dehradun, but justified the protest by others.A senior leader said the protest would have been over early but for provocative statements from AICC managers who first claimed Rawat enjoyed support of only six MLAs and then for thinking that biding time would lead to MLAs deserting him. \"In this case, they should have moved faster,\" a leader said.Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2012Election 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12285638", "title": "On Day one, cabinet makes good manifesto promises", "text": "LUCKNOW: Within hours of taking over, the new UP cabinet cleared the sops it had promised in its manifesto, which is likely to cost the state Rs 4,400 crore a year.So, all school kids who clear Class X will get tablets, and those passing Class XII will get laptops. There's a special incentive for the Muslim girl: all of them clearing Class X will get a one-time payment of Rs 30,000. And all those above 35, unemployed and registered with the employment exchange will now be entitled to a monthly allowance of Rs 1,000.Chief secretary Anoop Mishra said the unemployment allowance will benefit about 1 lakh people already registered with employment exchanges across the state. This could mean an additional expenditure of Rs 1,100 crore from the next financial year.Mishra said free tablets and laptops will not be restricted to only government schools, but will also benefit students in private schools affiliated to CBSE, ICSE or the UP Board. Students of madrasas and madhyama would also be covered under it. With an estimated 50 lakh secondary and senior secondary students in the state, this could mean an additional expenditure of Rs 3,000 crore every year. The scheme will come into force from the next financial year.The government will also give a financial aid of Rs 30,000 to all Muslim students who pass class X. This sop is aimed at facilitating the higher education or the marriage of girl students from the minority community, the chief secretary said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12284304", "title": "Pakistan hackers stole data from 22 Rajasthan govt websites", "text": "JAIPUR: At least 22 websites of Rajasthan government were destroyed by hackers, mostly from Pakistan , in February. They had deleted data or even stolen them from the sites of important departments including technical education, college education and finance, sources said.However, instead of improving the technical security, the only step taken by the government was to upload the data again. Cyber security experts said that as the security loopholes were not taken care of, these sites are still vulnerable as they had been earlier.In fact, Rajasthan is one of the most vulnerable states in terms of security of websites if one goes by what Union minister of state for communications and IT Sachin Pilot said in Parliament on Wednesday. He said that 112 government websites, including those of the agencies in the government of Rajasthan, Andhra Pradesh , Madhya Pradesh , and Tamil Nadu were compromised by hackers in the past three months.The attacks on government websites indicate their vulnerability, especially domains ending with gov.in.Hitesh Choudhary, a cyber security expert, said that the state government websites are so vulnerable that even a person having basic hacking knowledge can destroy them.\"Most government websites in Rajasthan run on single server. If a hacker got a single vulnerability or loophole in any of these sites, other sites can also be compromised by uploading a backdoor 'shell'. After that, the hackers get total over the website server,\" said Choudhary.Sources in the IT department told TOI that data base of several websites were completely deleted. \"The back-up data is uploaded again, but nothing is done to improve security,\" said a senior IT department officer.Secretary, information technology, Sanjay Malhotra said that the government websites are audited for security and these sites, prepared by private companies, are uploaded only when they pass the security audit.\"However, information technology poses new challenges everyday, so we try to update the security arrangements from time to time. Many steps are being taken to improve the situation,\" said Malhotra. He added that in some of the hacking cases, police complaints are registered.However, cyber security experts said that penetration test to check the security of government websites is never conducted. Besides, old level of security is still being used. Even when someone approaches the government departments warning of the vulnerability of the websites, no attention is paid.Websites hacked in Februaryhttp://minorityaffairs.rajasthan.gov.in/http://krishi.rajasthan.gov.in/http://jawaharkalakendra.rajasthan.gov.in/http://cite.rajasthan.gov.in/http://techedu.rajasthan.gov.in/http://rajsec.rajasthan.gov.in/http://rajeduboard.rajasthan.gov.in/http://transport.rajasthan.gov.in/http://doitc.rajasthan.gov.in/http://bpe.rajasthan.gov.in/http://gwpcjpr.rajasthan.gov.in/http://igprgvs.rajasthan.gov.in/http://lokayukt.rajasthan.gov.in/http://ric.rajasthan.gov.in/http://sdri.rajasthan.gov.in/http://finance.rajasthan.gov.in/http://bor.rajasthan.gov.in/http://collegeeducation.rajasthan.gov.in/http://jalabhiyan.rajasthan.gov.in/http://rajind.rajasthan.gov.in/http://gpck.rajasthan.gov.in/http://uitbhilwara.rajasthan.gov.in/", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12285874", "title": "Police want curbs on club timing", "text": "GURGAON: The shocking abduction and rape of a woman reportedly attached to a club here has spurred the city police to improve safety for women . Reassuring the public in this regard , the Haryana director general of police announced on Thursday that the number of police women in the city would soon be increased by 382. Surveillance systems are alsolikely to be installed in Gurgaon and Faridabad within the next three months .The city police have also written to the district administration demanding a midnight lockout at pubs and night clubs from where many fights and crimes against women are reported .Confirming the move , a senior police official said they had requestedthe administration and the excise department to not make any exceptions on timings .Adverse publicity in recent days has hit the entertainment business housed in places such as Sahara Mall on MG Road that has six pub-bars on a single floor . Notorious for cases of fighting , molesting , and assaulton guestsby bouncers , some of them are trying to keep business going by changing their names .The Vibrate pub is now known as Prison club, and Lovely Obscene has renamed itself as Last Chance . Between them , the six pubs have 12 police cases lodged against them . Vibrate alonehassix cases pending againstitwhileLovely Obscene and Ignite are named in three each . The police say there was a spurt in crime after the clubs were allowed to remain open till2am by theexcise department .Haryana DGP Ranjeev Singh Dalal said on Thursday that safety remains the police's priority . He said their focus would be on MG Road , which is the hub of the city's nightlife , and acknowledged the needfor a surveillancesystem there .Dalal said women would feel safer in the city with the induction of additional female personnel . Of the planned 382 women constables , 180 have already joined and the rest will complete their training in April . Dalal said 500 women police personnel have been hired in Gurgaon in the last three years . Earlier , there were only 59 women constables .The DGP said installation of the surveillance systems in Faridabad andGurgaon could happen within a few months . He said the government had allocatedfunds generously for improving infrastructure . A second police lines for Gurgaon is being built over an area of 60 acres in Manesar and Hudco has extended a loan of Rs 300 crore for it. Dalal said 700 houses for police personnel were nearing completion in Gurgaon and the government had approved construction of 14 houses for DSPs here .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12284425", "title": "GPCC chief to resign today", "text": "PANAJI: President of Goa Pradesh Congress Committee (GPCC) Subhash Shirodkar on Thursday said that he has decided to quit from the post and will submit his resignation on Friday for the debacle of the Congress party in Goa's assembly elections.Shirodkar said he would try to meet the president of All India Congress Committee (AICC), Sonia Gandhi , and submit his resignation to her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12284978", "title": "Restored gates to open for public", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For a long time the heritage town of Mahemadabad - the city made by Gujarat sultan Mehmood Begada - was waiting for a major facelift of its heritage etched on its three city gates and the fort walls. Few months back, a team from Ahmedabad Urban Development Authority (AUDA) had worked on various structural restorations of these gates and the wall. The gates will be dedicated to the public in the next one month.A total of Rs 35.23 lakh was sanctioned for various repair works of the three city gates in the first phase which involves Khatraj, Kacheri and Nadiadi gates. This was for the first time that AUDA had undertaken a heritage restoration project since its inception. AUDA officials say that the gates had turned into a dump yard with domestic garbage being strewn all over. Its team was assisted by the heritage cell of the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) and the state archaeology department.\"Apart from the physical restoration of the gates, we are collating data on the significance and position of the five gates in the town,\" the AUDA official said. The project was taken up as a part of a larger initiative to pre- serve a number of heritage structures in villages that face neglect, and ultimately die a slow death. Apart from the gates and roads, AUDA is also developing the Fata talav - a pond in Mahemadabad. The project worth Rs 3 crore aims to develop a recreational area around the lake. AUDA had earlier developed a small amphitheatre and carried out landscaping around Sarkhej Roza.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12285528", "title": "Economic Survey: A new paradigm: How trade drives India story", "text": "International trade now accounts for nearly 53% of the gross domestic product (GDP), pointing to increased integration with the global economy, which is not limited to the stock market and the banking system alone.The country has come a long way from the days when export-import was looked down upon. In 2004-05 , global trade accounted for 37% of the GDP. It is the rapid growth in shipments in and out of the country, driven by lower customs duty, which has spurred this sharp growth.India's share in global trade is now near the 2% mark, compared to a mere 0.7% in 2000. While higher trade means that you get your favourite cheese in the neighbourhood departmental store and the latest television set next door, there is a flip side too. If the global economy trebles , local companies are hit.As a result, the survey warns that software exports and tourism - which are part of services exports - and gems and jewellery consignments could be hit due to problems in the Eurozone and the slow recovery in the US. But with government pushing exporters to diversify the markets that they sell to and the products that they ship, the impact has been softened.The recent thrust towards Latin America, for instance, has helped. So have the free trade agreements with blocs such as the Association of South East Asian Nations whose share in total trade increased from 33.3% in 2000-01 to 57.3% in the first half of 2011-12 , while that of Europe and America fell from 26.8% to 19%. \"This has helped India weather the global crisis emanating from Europe and America,\" the survey said.The rise of other trading partners has pushed the US to the third slot. US has been displaced by UAE as India's largest trading partner, followed by China, since 2008-09 . In the first six months of the current financial year, however , China overtook the UAE to be the top trading partner. There has been a gradual shift in India's manufactures exports from labour-intensive sectors like textiles, leather and manufactures, handicrafts , and carpets to capitaland skill-intensive sectors.Bullion import widens gapIncreasing trade deficit on the back of significant growth in gold and silver imports in the country is becoming a cause of concern for the government. The Economic Survey 2011-12 highlighted the growing imbalance in trade, with increase in gold and silver imports being major contributors.Gold and silver imports stood at $50 billion in 2011-12 , 53.8% higher than import value for the same period in 2010-11 . While survey reported no other significant compositional change, share of gold and silver in imports rose to 13.35% in 2011-12 from 9.3% in 2000-01 .Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Rail Budget 2012, Pre Budget 2012, Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12284145", "title": "Jobs given to 1.48 lakh aspirants, says minister", "text": "PATNA: The state government has given employment to as many as 1.48 lakh job aspirants through regular employment camps at the state and district levels, state labour minister Janardan Singh Sigriwal told the legislative council on Thursday.Replying to a question of Nawal Kishore Yadav (RJD), the minister said job aspirants get themselves registered in employment exchanges spread over 28 districts. The government has been organizing job fairs at the district level regularly since 2007-08, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12286002", "title": "Locals pin hope on finance minister", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With recent railway budget hitting hard on the pockets of the common man, expectation of a populist general budget seems very little a possibility among people from all sections of society. However this does not mean that aspirations of public have tied down as they are still pinning hopes on the Union Finance minister to announce sops which may provide relief to them in one way or the other.Expressing that a budget is an instrument in the hands of government to fulfill the objectives of planning, a faculty member, department of Economics, Prof Girish Chandra Tripathi, said \"Focus should be on initiating reforms in the social sector including developing and improving the existing infrastructure. Besides core areas like education and health need to be given special emphasis by ushering economic reforms\".He, however expressed disappointment over the falling GDP level which is affected by the \"depression in US and other Western countries\". Efforts should be made to improve the demand and supply chain in the agriculture sector which would drastically reduce the incidents of suicide by farmers\".On the other hand vouching for raising of Income Tax exemption limit upto Rs 5 lakh a senior faculty member, Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology(MNNIT) Prof R K Srivastava, said that \"focus should be on generation of more jobs to check migration of skilled persons from state to another.Besides the existing transport system should be improved to check the consumption of diesel and petrol\"He added that government should also take steps to reduce the role of middlemen in agricultur sector in order to provide maximum benefits to farmers and consumers.alike.This would also bring down the prices of foodgrains and vegetables.However the youngsters adopting an upward mobility mode in search of better educational oppurtunities feel that rate of interest on educational loans should be brought down in order to enable more and more students opt for higher education from quality institutions.Besides he fee structure should also be regulated at some level in private institutions so that they are within the reach of common man, said Utkarsh Dixit a student.For householders subsidy and reduced rate of interest in home loans would go a long way in fulfilling the dreams of owning a house for every householder, said Divya Ganesh, an employee of the insurance sector.Besides this hike in the rate of interest on both short term and long term term investments are other areas which need to be looked into by the government, he felt.For the fairer sex, reduced duty on jewellery and other items are dvelopments which they are eagerly awaiting while for the housewives brakes on the cost of essential items like cooking gas, cookery and other houseware form part of their wishlist.Apart from this items like cars, consumer durables and pharmaceuticals are also on the list of consumers who are closely watching the government's approach towards the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12285985", "title": "Cameron will teach cricket to Obama", "text": "WASHINGTON: Visiting British PM David Cameron went in for \" cricket diplomacy\" as he invited US President Barack Obama to a cricket match, but kept the latter guessing whether it will be the limited over games or the fiveday test match.The invitation to the cricket match on Wednesday came a day after Obama took Cameron , who is on a state visit to the US, to Dayton in Illinois to watch a basketball game. \"One of these days, I'll get my own back by getting you to a cricket match and explaining the rules to you and some of the terminology that you'll have to try and get straight, as I tried last night,\" Cameroon told Obama in front of the White House press corps and travelling British journalists. But as the news conference at the Rose Garden went along, a British journalist was quick to remind the President what Cameroon did not inform him about.\"Now, Michelle, I'm sure that, like Sam, you often wonder what happens when your husband goes for a night out with the guys. So maybe I should come clean about last night. We went to basketball and we had a real man-to-man chat. Barack tried to confuse me by talking about bracketology but I got my own back by running him gently through the rules of cricket,\" Cameron said amidst rounds of laughter. \"The truth is we have to have a guys' night out because so often we find we are completely overshadowed by our beautiful wives,\" said the British prime minister. Indeed , the two leaders have been engaged in sports diplomacy for quite sometime now and the two enjoy it.The president said: \"During my visit to London last year, David arranged for us to play some local students table tennis. As they would say in Britain, we got thrashed. So when it came to sports on this visit, I thought it would be better if we just watched. That said, I'm still trying to get David to fill out his bracket.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12285349", "title": "Dusty winds to settle by weekend", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Dusty winds during daytime and unseasonal chill at night, has left residents confused. According to met officials, the eastward movement of western disturbances has led to a change in wind direction causing unseasonal chill in the city. Weatherman forecasts a reduction in dusty winds in and around the city in the next two or three days.Senior officials at meteorological department said, \"The weather will be pleasant for coming two or three days and reduction in winds is also expected as the surface wind speed will reduce in and around the city. This will also reduce the dusty winds.\"\"The massive difference in day and night temperature is quite unusual for mid-March climate of the region. Usually, winter begins to recede by February-end. This weather has left residents confused - it's funny to see some dressed in T-shirts while others in sweaters,\" said Amardeep, a student of MCM DAV College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12284261", "title": "Union flays beating up of ministers\u2019 drivers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A controversy, which originated right from day one of the new SAD-BJP government's swearing in, is all set to embarrass the new government at a time when it is celebrating its second consecutive win.The Punjab civil secretariat drivers union held an emergency meeting on Thursday to condemn an incident where two government drivers were allegedly beaten up by supporters of two ministers -- Anil Joshi and Gulzar Singh Ranike -- at Chhapar Chiri after the swearing in ceremony.\"We are writing letters to BJP national chief Nitin Gadkari , Punjab governor, CM, deputy CM, chief secretary, secretary transport, state transport commissioner and SSP Mohali to lodge our complaint with the police. We are not aware of the whereabouts of the official Toyota cars which were forcibly taken away from our colleagues. We also demand an explanation how civilians or police security staff allotted to the minister are being allowed to drive the official cars by ministers,\" driver union officials told media persons at a press conference here on Thursday. The union also got the support of their colleagues from UT, Haryana and Punjab government drivers association.Earlier, on Wednesday, Rana Singh, a driver who claimed to be the official driver of the car allotted to BJP minister Anil Joshi had alleged that the supporters of the minister forcibly took away the official car saying they had arranged their own driver. Singh also alleged that he was left injured on the road.Meanwhile, Joshi had claimed that he had got a new driver allotted for himself after following official procedure. He also rebutted Singh's charges saying that the driver was protesting because he had been relived of his duty. On Thursday, a BJP spokespersons said , \"Joshi was not involved in any such incident.\"However, union officials said that Joshi's new 'driver' was from the security staff, who are not allowed to drive the official vehicles as per rules.\"We would be holding our protest dharnas when ever the CM or the council of ministers holds its next meeting,\" the union leaders said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12284442", "title": "Pre-monsoon drizzle brings relief", "text": "BANGALORE: Many parts of the city got a respite from the scorching heat when it received the season's first pre-monsoon drizzle on Thursday afternoon.The duty officer at MET department confirmed this: \"The pre-monsoon season set in Karnataka from March 1. The drizzle and showers will continue till May, when monsoon hits the Karnataka coast.\"The department has predicted light showers in south-interior Karnataka in the next 48 hours. Rain/thundershowers are expected in interiors areas of the coastal belt and parts of south-interior Karnataka. But northern areas will remain dry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12284837", "title": "After 18 years, 23 traders acquitted in riot, assault case", "text": "NOIDA: A district court has acquitted 23 entrepreneurs of Gautam Budh Nagar after 18 years of trial. Dismissing the case and the allegations of rioting, assault and wrongful restraint among others, filed by a former CEO of the Noida Authority Neera Yadav in 1994, the court ruled that the action taken against the entrepreneurs was a result of \"intimidation by senior officials.\" The entrepreneurs had alleged large scale bungling in an industrial plot allotment made by Yadav in 1994. At the time, they had protested at Yadav's office, staged demonstrations and gheraoed Yadav following which she pressed several charges against them.Additional District Judge Veer Nayak Singh, while dismissing the case, said that the court did not find prosecution charges \"convincing\" and acquitted the entrepreneurs of all charges against them. The court also said that \"in a democracy people were free to demonstrate for their valid demands at any public office and it was not a crime to do so\".\"It was also wrong for the police to file a chargesheet against the entrepreneurs who had gone to meet the CEO to put forth their demands and were instead charged with rioting, assault, being armed with deadly weapons and causing hurt even when there were no witnesses,\" the court added. It further said that \"it was clear that the police action taken against the entrepreneurs was a result of intimidation by senior officials\".The incident dates back to June 13, 1994, when a group of Noida's industrialists, led by office bearers Hari Bhai Lalwani and Arvind Khandelwal of the Noida Entrepreneurs' Association, went to meet Neera Yadav to protest widespread corruption prevailing in the Authority in land allotment procedures. \"A verbal duel broke out between us and we ended up shouting slogans and demanding transparency in allotments,\" recalled Lalwani. \"Yadav then left her office and started walking towards her residence in sector 14A and we followed trying to get her to listen to our woes. However, she called the police and an FIR was lodged. We were arrested and sent to judicial custody,\" explained Lalwani.Having spent a week in the lock-up, the entrepreneurs left no stone unturned in seeking justice, but their journey has been a long one, of 18 years. Of the 23 industrialists, some have even passed away awaiting acquittal. \"We had faith in the judicial system and knew that one day we would be cleared of all charges as they were all false,\" said Rakesh Katyal, another entrepreneur who was part of the group.ADJ Veer Nayak Singh, while dismissing the case, said that the court did not find prosecution charges \"convincing\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12285572", "title": "Women\u2019s seats not for all eunuchs", "text": "NEW DELHI: Eunuchs registered as voters in the \"others\" category (O) of the electoral rolls will be able to contest municipal polls on a general category ticket.Only those who have enrolled their names in the voters' list as women, will be able to fight the polls from the seats reserved for women, said the state election commission on Thursday.Earlier this week, two eunuchs approached Delhi election commissioner Rakesh Mehta expressing their desire to contest the polls on seats reserved for women. They wanted to know where they stand in the battlefield.Concerned by their query, election officers got down to study the Election Commission's rule book.Clearing the air on the issue, Mehta said, \"In 2009, Election Commission of India added an \"others\" category to make way for eunuchs who were unable to get themselves registered as voters\". In keeping with ECI's rule book, all eunuchs registered as voters under the \"others\" category will be able to contest from general tickets.As per the rule book, all Scheduled Caste candidates have to certify in their applications that they belong to the category. Similarly, women have to certify their identity with their signatures if they are contesting on reserved seats. Thus, if eunuchs make it to the fray , then their position in terms of categorisation is clear, Mehta asserted.This time, 50% of the 272 seats have been reserved for women. Polls for the trifurcated MCD will be held on April 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12283456", "title": "'Chargesheet against AMRI directors mechanical'", "text": "KOLKATA: The chargesheet against AMRI Hospitals directors Radheshyam Goenka and Prasant Goenka is mechanical, their counsel and former state advocate general Balai Chandra Roy argued before Calcutta high court's division bench of Justice A K Roy and Justice A K Ray on Thursday. The hearing will continue on Friday.Roy said while the chargesheet states, \"In a hospital, a fire can take place\", it is not clear what role could directors have in an accidental fire.Roy also argued that there was no specific allegation against the two accused. The charge against the directors is that they neglected the fire safety clause of the hospital. The two accused are in custody for 97 days while the investigation has been completed, Roy added.Debashis Roy, state public prosecutor, said the state has already filed a special leave petition in Supreme Court against the bail granted by Calcutta high court to another AMRI director Radeshyam Agrawal on February 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12283817", "title": "Exotic excursions abroad to 'inspire' students", "text": "KOLKATA: When Class-IX student Aditi Agarwal returned home from school one day with a notice from her principal about a six-day trip to Singapore and Malaysia, her mother Sadhna freaked out. It was after much coaxing and persuasion that the teenager was allowed to go on the trip.Of late, city schools are looking overseas to provide students with an enriching experience. Trips are being planned to exotic places like New York's Broadway and National Aeronautics and Space Administration (Nasa) to inspire students to think big.Incredible India no longer seems to feature be on the itinerary of school excursions these days. For most schools, trips to Rajasthan, Kerala or even Kashmir are passe. Schools are looking overseas to provide students with an enriching experience.So, when Class-IX student, Aditi Agarwal returned home from school one day with a notice from her principal about a six-day trip to Singapore and Malaysia, mother Sadhna's first reaction was: \" I don't think you can go alone.\" But after convincing and pleading Aditi finally convinced her parents. \"It was the first time she was going for a trip alone and that too to a foreign land. I was a bit skeptical,\" she said. Sadhna is glad she allowed her daughter to go. \"The trip taught her how to carry herself and adjust to all situations, making her more confident,\" she said.A wary Sadhna, whose first reaction was - \"I don't think you can go alone\" - feels happy that she had allowed her daughter. \"Initially, I was a bit skeptical. The trip has taught her to adjust to all situations and made her more confident,\" said the proud mother.City schools are stopping at nothing to provide a world class experience to their students outside the classrooms. After tapping the huge potential of leisure tourism market, tour operators are quick to cash in on the students' segment. \"In the last 2 years we have seen a growing demand for international school trips. Domestic packages have become costlier as compared to international trips. Travel to Southeast Asian countries has become very affordable because of low airfare. We model the trip according to the requirement and preferences of the school concerned. The minimum amount a student has to pay is Rs 28,000 and this can go up to Rs 2 lakh,\" said Edu Tour senior consultant Nabanita Dutta.Trips to Nasa seem to be quite popular among schools, for it offers many student-oriented programmes. Over three days students get trained in aeronautics at the Kennedy Space Centre . The camp trains them in aeronautics. makingIt is a once in a lifetime opportunity.Now more and more students are opting to study abroad and these trips help in familiarizing them with educational life abroad. The trips focus on School trips abroad look at a holistic grooming and growing-up process which will shape them for life once they step out of the threshold of schools. Schools are encouraging such trips as they feel that the exposure a student gets is worth the time, effort and money.Lakshmipat Singhania Academy has been conducting international trips regularly and has taken their students to South Africa, Germany and Nasa. \"Our excursions abroad are open to classes VI to XII. We stress on having educational trips so that our students come back as better individuals. The Nasa trip was pegged at Rs 1.7 lakh and we did have many takers for it. Even parents are looking ahead to the experience their kids will get,\" said principal Meena Kak.Mahadevi Birla Girls' Higher Secondary School and Birla High School for Boys have made trips to Europe Dubai, Bangkok , Singapore, Malaysia and Houston, while the likes of Delhi Public School (DPS) and Ashok Hall have been to South Asian countries. \"We are working on a schedule to take our kids to Egypt and Greece this year,\" said a DPS official. The Heritage school has taken their kids to China, Egypt, London and Germany.\"Foreign trips make children independent and responsible. When they are travelling with their parents, everything from immigration to currency change to taking care of passport is taken care of. It is only when they travel on their own they will be able to learn.These trips teach them leadership skills and experiential learning,\" said Mukta Nain, principal Birla High School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12284172", "title": "Central paramedical institutes likely soon", "text": "NAGPUR: Taking the issue of chronic shortage of paramedical staff like technicians and laboratory assistants in medical colleges seriously, the central government has begun the process of setting up eight Regional Institutes of Paramedical Sciences (RIPS) in the country.The centre has identified Government Medical College (GMC), Aurangabad, for setting a RIPS for west zone covering Maharashtra, Gujarat and Goa. Both undergraduate and PG courses in paramedical sciences may begin from the academic year 2013-14.The central government has estimated an investment of about Rs 70-80 crore for the institute as a one-time grant. Of this, as announced earlier by the union government, 85% grant would be given by the centre while 15% share will be put in by the state government. The institute though as such will be an independent identity dean of Aurangabad GMC will be the overall administrative head for the institute. RPIS will have an intake capacity of 1,100 students.Dr Pravin Shingare, chief of directorate of medical education and research (DMER) told TOI that a three-member team consisting of Dr Chandrashekhar, Dr Aparana Sharma and Dr Salwa from the ministry of health and family welfare visited GMC Aurangabad on February 16 to check the feasibility of the project. \"Last week, the DMER received a letter of allocation of land by the state government on the college premises. Once the state government grants the permission, Hindustan Latex Limited, a government owned company, will begin the construction work. The college has proposed a ground plus five storyed building for the institute.\"GMC Aurangabad dean Dr Kashinath Bhople said that the duration of UG and PG courses will respectively be four and two years. \"The basic purpose of the RPISs is to create manpower to run all medical equipment and diagnostic tests by skilled staff. At present, there is a huge shortage of technical manpower like technicians to run the MRI, CT scan, X-ray machine and lab technicians to run blood banks, pathology labs etc,\" he said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12285072", "title": "'Domestic Violence Act not against men'", "text": "PUNE: The nature of Domestic Violence Act (DVA) of 2005, awareness about the role played by protection officers and counsellors at the family court and understanding important cases were some of the topics of discussion on the concluding day of the Women's Vigilance Committee conference at the Centre for Police Research (CPR) on Wednesday.Compared to Sec: 498 (a) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC), the DVA is a civil law that gives aggrieved women their rights and practical remedies in terms of protection order, a home, monetary relief, temporary custody and compensation, among other benefits, said family court lawyer Rama Sarode. \"Sec: 498 (a) criminalises the family as an institution, but DVA aims at safeguarding the family system while also providing much relief to female victims of domestic abuse. DVA needs to be interpreted with much rationality and open-mindedness.The fact is that most men think the DVA is against them, which is not so. This act is against violence. Point is does the troubled woman have the power, support and negotiating abilities to stop the violence meted out on her? We need to change our perspective towards this Act.We always talk about the misuse of law; why not talk about its proper use. The spirit and objective of this law needs to be understood,\" she said.Sadly, most women are not aware of the benefits of this law, says Sarode.She handles around 15 cases of domestic violence on a weekly basis. \"In our society, people are not trained to deal with marriages via pre-marital counselling. Forced marriage, inconsideration towards a woman's education and career and other issues women face need to be tackled properly, first,\" she added.The role of the police in this process is equally important. \"People are not aware of protection officers. The police, too, needs to be aware of the DVA, because this law has better options as compared to Sec:498 (a) of IPC. Next is to connect the aggrieved woman to the legal aid committee, lawyers, protection officers and counsellors. Timely interaction and a coordinated effort from all these sources is very important,\" Sarode added.The conference is aimed at sensitising the police on the same. \"Domestic violence is a concept which even the police often finds difficult to understand and interpret. The police do not understand their role here and how it can coordinate with the WVC. This is where this conference can help us,\" said police inspector (crime) Smita Jadhav.The judiciary's inability to correctly interpret the nature of violence or harassment faced by a woman is also a lacuna, said human rights and Family Court lawyer Asim Sarode. \"Very often, judges concerned do not understand the application of DVA. Most of them are not aware or are sensitive enough to understand issues of domestic violence. The nature of mental harassment in such a case cannot be measured. This law allows auditing of the various types of harassment, but the focus is often on only physical harassment. Mental, sexual and economic harassment are not taken seriously by the judges themselves because the victim cannot always produce evidence for the same. Understanding a woman as a human being in a relationship is very important, but this is not happening and leading to contradictory judgements,\" he said.Elucidating Sec: 28 of the DVA, he added, \"this section says that a magistrate can establish his own procedure to decide the judgment in order for the victim to get justice. Magistrate, the lowest in hierarchy is given the authority of High Court judges, but they don't have the guts or a right-based attitude to interpret the DVA correctly. This provision is very good, but not being used properly by the magistrate,\" he said.Given the rising number of cases filed under DVA, professional counselling should be the first priority before making use of the law, said Family Court counselor Smita Joshi. \"The counsellor's foremost aim should be to avoid the family concerned from breaking up. The use of appropriate law comes into the picture much later, after all other options fail. Counselling is very important to keep the family together. Misuse of the DVA is rampant, too. Efforts are on set up more family courts. Also, every court doesn't have procedures for counselling, but as per my observation almost 55 per cent of all DVA-related cases are settled via counselling, out of the court,\" said Joshi.Commissioner of police Meeran Borwankar urged the members of WVC to refer to past Supreme Court and High Court judgments pertaining to cases of domestic violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12284255", "title": "Industry hopes for fresh lease of life from poll-stung Congress", "text": "JAIPUR: After the recent electoral drubbing suffered by the Congress, the industry is unanimous that the Budget 2012-13 will have several populist measures. At the same time, industrialists expect that the current state of economy needs some helping hand from the finance minister to reverse a downward spiral that has set in after 13 consecutive interests hikes.The government of Rajasthan has tried to impress upon the Union government that a state, whose two-thirds of land is covered by desert, needs some special package to correct the deep social and economical imbalances.While the demand for special status for the state still remains a dream, business leaders and policy experts expect the budget to provide some sector and project-specific incentives.V S Vyas, deputy chairman, Rajasthan State Planning Board, said the state expects some budgetary support for its refinery project in Barmer which requires investments to the tune of Rs 1,000 crore. He said that the budget should also help the state in overcoming the problems of water scarcity with a food security kind of scheme. 'Water security is very important for a state like ours, and we urge the finance minister to do something on this front,\" he added.Rajasthan's industrialization centres around sectors like textiles, auto spare parts, handicraft, gems and jewellery, IT-ITeS, and emerging segments like solar energy.The state accounts for a fifth of handicraft exports in the country and the sector plays a crucial role in the absence of a strong agricultural economy.\"We want cheaper loans for handicraft industry given the high turnaround time of the sector. An interest rate subvention at par with agriculture will help the sector which is yet to recover fully from the global financial crisis that started in 2008,\" said Dileep Baid, convenor, Exports Promotions Council for Handicraft. He said that the industry body has requested the finance ministry to declare Jaipur as a mega cluster for handicraft.Minimum Alternative Tax (MAT) has been a dampener for Special Economic Zones, leading to some of the companies abandoning the development of some projects in the state. It has been no less painful for the existing ones as well.\"Due to the MAT imposed in the last budget, SEZ developers, who had invested substantial funds in creating infrastructure facilities, are unable to attract new units and their projects and investments are becoming financially unviable,\" said B K Subbaiah, COO, Mahindra World City, Jaipur.While the gems and jewellery segment is facing headwinds owing to the duty on branded products and wants relief, Ajay Kala of Jaipur Jewellery Show said the budget must introduce presumptive tax system on the lines of Belgium and Israel . India's traditional pre-eminent position is under threat with the shifting of industries and capital from India to other countries such as China and Thailand having the ability to offer plentiful and cost-effective labour, he added.European sovereign crisis and sluggish recovery in the US have added to the woes of high inflation in the country, impacting growth. The industry looks for a pro-growth budget to get back to the high trajectory achieved in previous years.\"The budget should encourage investment and boost savings at a time when the country cannot depend on the outside world to drive growth,\" said Shiva Kumar, managing director, SBBJ.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12284095", "title": "Traders' body for rise in I-T exemption slab", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar Chamber of Commerce has expressed the hope the finance minister Pranab Mukherkee will not propose any further increase in levies of central excise and service tax when he presents the Union Budget in Parliament on Friday.On the eve of the Budget presentation on Thursday, chamber president O P Sah expressed the hope that the limit of income-tax exemption would be increased up to a minimum of Rs three lakh and the income tax and wealth tax slabs would be reformed as per the recommendations of the parliamentary standing committee.Sah has further demanded that provisions for adequate corpus for the state for proper development of infrastructure in Bihar should also be made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12285941", "title": "Varsity to build ramps for differently abled", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad University has finally shown sensitivity towards physically challenged students. The university has decided to construct ramps at 10 buildings on the campus.TOI in its several reports has highlighted that most of the AU departments and offices do not have ramps for physically challenged students. This, when the University Grants Commission guidelines state that universities having more than 150 students should construct ramps for such students. UGC secretary RK Chauhan sent a letter, dated September 29 (D.O No.F.6-1/2006 (CPP II), instructing AU and other institutions for making arrangements for differently abled students.These students had often apprised AU officials about their plight, but no heed was paid.It is said the ramps would now be built are now being after vice-chancellor Prof AK Singh took interest in the issue. Apart from various departments, ramps will be constructed at DSW office, V-C office, Registrar office, accounts office and the central library.The decision of constructing the ramps was taken in the meeting of Building Works Committee (BWC) which was held last month. The committee, which approves the civil works on the campus, gave green signal for the construction of the ramps.\"When we were asked by the BWC to spell out our priority for the civil work that are needed in our building, construction of ramps was on top of the list. It pains to see physically challenged students making extra effort in climbing the stairs of the central library,\" said AU librarian AP Gakhar.University public relation officer Prof PK Sahoo said, \"Allahabad University is adhering to the norms laid down by the UGC and government of India wherein all amenities have to be provided to the physically handicapped students including making the buildings accessible for them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12284194", "title": "HC orders health department to send team to encephalitis hit Gaya", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Wednesday directed the state health department to take preventive measures and send a team of doctors to those areas in Gaya district which were recently under the grip of encephalitis.A division bench comprising Justice P C Verma and Justice Vikas Jain passed the order while disposing of a PIL of Dhirendra Kumar.The court asked the petitioner to file a representation before the chief secretary for his consideration and suitable action regarding his plea for improvement in health services in Gaya district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12284646", "title": "Shiv Sena has shown its true colours: Raj", "text": "NASHIK: After his party member bagged the coveted mayor's post in the 122-member Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray expressed happiness and gratitude towards Nashikites. In an interaction with mediapersons, Raj said that he will fulfill all the developmental needs of Nashik and will prove himself. While thanking the BJP for its support, he said that the Shiv Sena had shown its true colours.The MNS party chief while thanking Nashikites also expressed happiness at being at the helm of affairs at the NMC and assured that he will not disappoint Nashikites. He said that he will try to make Nashik a top-class city. \"I will prove myself. This is just the beginning,\" he said, adding, \"My visits to Nashik will become frequent now. I will live up to the trust that the people have invested in me.\" He also assured Nashikites that he will complete all the projects promised in the party's manifesto.About the Shiv Sena withdrawing from the fray, he said, \"They have shown their true colours by backing off. I don't know what was on their mind.\" He thanked the BJP for lending their support in the House.On the proposed Rs 530-crore Shiv Smarak project in the sea off the Mumbai coast, Raj said, \"It is not practical to construct a Shiv Smarak in the sea. Rather than spending money on such a structure, they should look after Shivaji's forts and spend money on maintaining them.\"About supporting the NCP in the forthcoming elections of the legislative assembly, he said that the decision would be taken after the zilla parishad elections in Aurangabad. \"We have not yet decided anything in this regard. We still have about two years' time to think about this,\" Raj said.On lobbying by various parties to prevent an MNS candidate from becoming the mayor, he said, \"Everybody tried to block MNS candidates from coming into power.\" He thanked BJP state president Sudhir Mungantiwar for extending support to MNS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12285119", "title": "Vandana Chavan is NCP's choice for Rajya Sabha seat", "text": "PUNE: The NCP on Thursday named its city unit chief Vandana Chavan as party's official candidate for Rajya Sabha.\"Yes, my name has been announced by the party. Rajya Sabha will be a bigger platform for me to work and I will be able to raise key issues at a higher level,\" Chavan said while speaking to reporters after the declaration of her candidature.Chavan said she will raise issues related to environment. \"Problems such as global warming are posing a danger to the world. Steps are required to solve these issues. I will try to deal with them from the Rajya Sabha platform,\" she said.Chavan has been active in politics since the past 20 years. A lawyer by profession, she was Pune's mayor and a Member of Legislative Council. However, her tenure as the MLC lasted for just six months as the NCP nominated Anil Bhosale to the council last year.The NCP secured 51 seats under her leadership in the recently held Pune municipal elections, and since then the party chief Sharad Pawar was in favour of rewarding her with the RS membership. Former NCP city unit chief Jaidev Gaikwad was also in the race for the RS nomination besides the two sitting RS members, Govindrao Adik and Ranjitsinh Mohite Patil -- who will be retiring next month -- and were seeking re-nomination.At recent party meetings in Pune, both Sharad Pawar and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar had hinted that Chavan will be elevated to the national political scene. Sharad Pawar had openly praised Chavan's contribution towards public movements to save Pune's green cover. Chavan who is the founder of Alert, a city-based NGO, had pressed for the Bio Diversity Park (BDP) and had undertaken a series of campaigns to stop construction on hills and also to prevent encroachments in the Mula-Mutha rivers.When asked why Chavan was not re-nominated as MLC after her six-month tenure, Ajit Pawar said that the NCP plans to offer her a bigger role. Elections for six Rajya Sabha seats in the state will take place on March 30 and NCP has the numbers to ensure that two of its members get elected to RS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12284608", "title": "Not targeting media, Speaker tells press council", "text": "BANGALORE: Facing flak from the Press Council of India, speaker K G Bopaiah on Thursday said the government has no intention of implicating mediapersons for going public with Porngate involving two former BJP ministers watching sleazy clips on a third's cellphone in the House when the assembly was in session.Replying to the recent letter from PCI chairman Justice Markandey Katju, Bopaiah said it was wrong to construe that either he or the panel probing Porngate were targeting mediapersons. \"We are just following procedures of the House to bring out the facts and there is absolutely no intention to initiate proceedings against mediapersons,'' he wrote in the letter.Bopaiah said the intention of asking mediapersons to answer certain queries by the inquiry panel constituted by him was in getting correct information before they initiate any legal proceedings against the three accused. \"Finally, it is up to the House to decide on the issue,'' he added.After going through Justice Katju's letter, Bopaiah said he felt the PCI chairman was not taking objection to the inquiry but was quite apprehensive the panel may implicate mediapersons. He also said he doesn't think the PCI is intervening in the functioning of the speaker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "there are two tollywood films in the offing, and if all goes well, kolkata will get to see more of soha ali khan soon. sitting in mumbai, sharmila's daughter told us that she and kolkata have a lot of catching up to do - she's got to watch the film on a serial killer, also the one that's won the national award, there are directors she's waiting to work with and people simply adore her here. excerpts from an interview", "code": "12289287", "title": "Don't like to speak about marriage, says Soha Ali Khan", "text": "There are two Tollywood films in the offing, and if all goes well, Kolkata will get to see more of Soha Ali Khan soon. Sitting in Mumbai, Sharmila's daughter told us that she and Kolkata have a lot of catching up to do - she's got to watch the film on a serial killer, also the one that's won the National Award, there are directors she's waiting to work with and people simply adore her here. Excerpts from an interview:Kolkata is abuzz with the news that you are part of Aniruddha Roychowdhury's next, which is going to be a thriller...Well, talks are in a preliminary stage. Yes, I won't deny having met Tony (Aniruddha), when he was in Mumbai. There has been a mutual interest. He told me how he has liked my work and I told him how I've admired his. He had a role for me and thought I was suitable. But apart from the skeleton structure of the plot, I do not know much. I'm tied up till August. The shooting of the sequel to \" Saheb Biwi Aur Gangster\", will begin and there's a lot in the offing. Deepa Mehta's \"Midnight's Children\" is slated for release this year and so is a rom com - \"Chemistry\". My character in it is a blend of Charlie Chaplin and Dev Anand. I've not done a proper comedy before and it's a contrast to my earlier films - dramatic, sad, substance cinema - all that you call them. The mood of the film is free-flowing and gave me a lot of scope to improvize.After two back-to-back Bengali films - \"Iti Srikanto\" and \"Antarmahal\" - both of which earned you critical acclaim, you didn't follow it up with any more. Was it the dearth of good roles or is time a constraint?Managing time is never a problem. There was another film that I was keen on doing - Aparna Sen's \"Goynar Baksho\". I loved the story, but the film didn't take off. There must have been some issues. I hope the film happens and stands the way it was supposed to stand...We've heard the film, which was also supposed to feature Sharmila Tagore , has been revived now...Oh, really? That's exciting. I'll have a chat with Rinadi (Aparna) and figure that out. The thing is, it's not about not wanting to do a Bengali film. Be it Bengali, Hindi or English, I'm game, provided the role is interesting. In fact, Bengal is known to have many an internationally acclaimed director, who know how to explore your talent to the fullest. There are many I haven't worked with and would love to.When did you last catch a Bengali film?I saw \"Antaheen\", but that was a while back. I so want to catch that thriller revolving around a serial killer, which ran for many weeks in Bengal... You mean \"Baishey Srabon\"? Yes, \"Baishe Srabon\". A suspense thriller, which I heard is also a mainstream film.What about \"Ranjana Ami Ar Asbona\" that was adjudged the Best Bengali Feature Film at the 59th National Film Awards...Yes, I want to watch that too. I'm yet to see the Marathi film (read \"Deool\") for which Girish Kulkarni got the Best Actor award. I can see that there's a lot for me to catch up on. As I said, it's not about not finding time but about getting the right roles. I think, getting to work with Rituda ( Rituparno Ghosh ) would be rather good.Your mother is a famous daughter of this city. Have you ever felt a sublime connect with Kolkata?There's a certain connect and it's mainly because of my family. There's a lot of love and acceptance, which the city lends me. While promoting a film, I always make it a point to visit Kolkata. Same with my product endorsements. Those who manage my ads and events, say there's always a demand for me in Kolkata. Somewhere, there's a sense of belonging that makes me come back again and again.Belonging to a family that has seen the best of both cricket and Bollywood, how do you react to the recent allegations that the World Cup semifinals between India and Pakistan was fixed?I think there's a lot of money in the world and that the entertainment industry is driven by business. I've not seen any evidence and would like to refrain from making a comment on the matchfixing controversy. But yes, there's temptation like the way it is in any big business. I suppose the lines between ethics and temptation are blurred.And how do you react to Bollywood being called the honeytrap to lure cricketers?Those belonging to both these industries are glamorous people. If you are a superstar cricketer, you are at the top of your game. And it can get very lonely at the top. That's when people get attracted to those coming from a similar background. It's more of an empathetic attraction.Coming to things more personal, how was it to see brother Saif Ali Khan take on the role of your father? In November, 2011, he was anointed the 10th Nawab of Pataudi...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12285407", "title": "Households with cars rise by half in decade", "text": "MUMBAI: If you are peeved because of incessant snarl-ups on the city's roads, blame the proliferation of motorbikes and cars over the last decade. Nearly twice the proportion of city homes own two-wheelers now compared to a decade ago, according to Census 2011 findings, released on Thursday. Also, over 12% of homes in the island city and suburbs have cars compared to 9% island city and 7% suburban homes in 2001.Transport experts say cars have become a status symbol and the increasing vehicle ownership indicates that the purchasing power of Mumbaikars is growing. But this has also created problems. \"Given that our roads have remained the same over the years, we are heading for doom with such a rise in vehicles and bikes,\" said transport expert Ashok Datar. The shortage of parking space will pose a major challenge, he said.Rishi Aggarwal of the NGO Mumbai Environmental Social Network believes the city is ill-equipped to absorb the proliferation of vehicles. \"Commuting is going to make or break the future of Mumbai; the findings underline the need for a comprehensive transport and traffic policy,\" he said. \"Agencies need to shed ad-hoc attitudes and tackle traffic as a dynamic and multidimensional concept.\"Transport experts have often suggested the introduction of a congestion tax or restrictions on the flow of vehicles in the city. They say the Census findings make a strong case for such strategies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12284270", "title": "Right of way introduced in state", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government has introduced the 'right of way' so that farmers get legal access on a strip of private land for reaching their homes and farms or laying water pipelines. Provisions under this act enable any farmer to approach the government for the right to use of a land of private landholder in larger public interest after paying compensation.\"Given the scattered land holdings in the state and disarrayed settlements, people find it difficult to access their land and homes and have to pass through farms. To make it easy, the government has introduced this amendment in its Tenancy Act of 1955,\" said Ram Khilari Meena, principal secretary, Revenue department.\"Now, in a public interest and after paying proper compensation, they can make roads or bring underground pipelines for irrigation,\" he added.Though the amendment was made in the year 2010, the drafting of rules has been completed this month. As per the rules, any farmer who wants to dig an underground water pipeline through the land of another farmer or pave or expand a road through it, will have to approach to the sub divisional officer (SDO). The SDO will take the case on merit and if he finds the request genuine and helpful for the community at large, he will pass the orders. The time period for taking any such decisions shall be 90 days.However, the applicant will have to pay compensation for this. For underground water pipeline, the compensation would be 10% of the district lease committee (DLC) rates and for making a road it will be double the DLC rates of the land.So far, the state government was not granting permission for any such activities. \"The amendment was made after receiving a large number of requests from the farmers. The major problem they face is connecting water pipelines for irrigating their land. In many cases, roads that join villages to main roads cut across fields and are too narrow. They need to be widened especially to avoid any unfortunate incidents in cases of emergency,\" said an official from the land revenue department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12284231", "title": "Student bodies to protest fee hike", "text": "NAGPUR: Various students' organizations of Nagpur University are planning to protest the annual fee hike by university in NU senate meet on Saturday.Controller of Examination (CoE) Siddharth Kane confirmed the fee hike. \"According to resolution of Management Council five years back, the hike is 10% for BA, BCom and BSc and 20%, for engineering and pharmacy,\" he clarified, adding that MC had constituted a panel to review this hike.Senate member and chairman of Vidyapeeth Vidyarthi Sangram Parishad Mohan Bajpayee opposed the hike. \"Do they justify this hike? Are they giving enough facilities at exam centres? If not, they have no right to hike fees,\" he said.MC Mahendra Nimbarte stated that he had raised the issue in last Monday's meet. \"The fee hike is unjustifiable and 20% every year is just a lot. It is a burden on students who already pay high tuition fees levied by the government.\"Swapnil Kathale from ABVP's student wing said, \"Sometimes exam fees exceed tuition fees. Our agitation will be intensified if it is not reduced.\" MNS student wing chief Chandu Lade said they have been opposing this hike since long. \"We are planning to protest this draconian step of NU. When I was in second year, exam fee was Rs 1,000 which has now swelled to Rs 2,300 per semester. And if you failed or skipped practical, you will still have to pay Rs 2,300,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "chitradurga", "code": "12286091", "title": "Money spent on water plan goes down the drain", "text": "CHITRADURGA: The wait for safe drinking water never seems to end for tribals in 16 villages of Molakalmaru taluk in the district. Even after five years of its inception, the Rangayyana Durga project, meant to supply potable water to these villages, has failed to reach them. The villagers continue to depend heavily on borewell water, which is contaminated by fluoride and unsafe to drink. And many of them walk for several miles to fetch water from lakes and ponds.The Rangayyana Durga project (RDP) and Pakkurti Tank project were taken up under the Rajiv Gandhi Submission Yojna in 2007-08. Initially they were conceived as irrigation projects, but considering the grave situation of fluoride content in borewell water in 27 villages of Molakalmaru taluk, they were converted into drinking water projects. While the Pakkurti Tank project, meant to provide water to 11 villages has taken off smoothly, the RDP has miserably failed to serve its purpose.An amount of Rs 10 crore has already been spent for building tanks and laying pipes in all 27 villages under the two projects. However, the money spent under the RDP seems to be a huge waste as water has not been flowing down to the villages from the tank built on Kommanapatty hill, alleged H T Nagareddy, member of Chitradurga ZP. Speaking to TOI, he said most of the pipes laid under the project are already broken and when water is released from the tank, it is leaking at several places and not reaching the villages. The ZP engineers have failed to plug the leaks till date, he alleged.Villagers of Bhatrahalli and Amakundi said they are facing severe drinking water crisis and the problem has aggravated with the onset of summer. \"We are forced to drink borewell water and even borewells are drying up. We walk for miles to get a pot of water to drink,\" some villagers said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12283272", "title": "Cops trace missing boy, teacher to Delhi", "text": "CHENNAI: Police on Thursday brought a woman teacher and a Class 11 student who had disappeared together last week back to the city from Delhi. They were traced to a house in Delhi on Thursday morning.The Elephant Gate police on Wednesday laid a trap for Kumudu, of Motilal Fomra Higher Secondary School in Sowcarpet, after the teacher called a relative in Delhi and asked for money. When the relative informed police, investigators instructed her to ask Kumudu to meet her at a certain location in Delhi.A police team rushed to Delhi and apprehended Kumudu and the student. They were brought to Chennai on Thursday evening. Police handed over the boy to his father, M Saravan Kumar, who had filed a habeas corpus petition.Kumar had earlier lodged a complaint stating that Kumudu had sent his son obscene messages. The businessman said his son left home on March 4 and did not return. \"I immediately searched for the teacher and found that she too had gone missing. I suspected that she may have kidnapped my son and lodged a complaint on March 5,\" Kumar said.Admitting a petition by Kumar, a Madras high court division bench on Wednesday issued notices to the city police as well as the missing teacher. The police got going when, shortly after the court direction, they got a tip-off from the teacher's relative. The teacher will be produced before the court on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12283762", "title": "No witness access to 26/11 Pakistan team", "text": "MUMBAI: The government of India on Thursday made it clear that the Pakistan commission which is in Mumbai to record the witnesses of 26/11 terror attack will not be allowed to cross examine any of the four witnesses.\"As per the agreement between the two countries, the commission will record statements of the four witnesses which will help them build a case against the perpetrators of the 26/11 attacks in Pakistan,'' special public prosecutor in the 26/11 case Ujjwal Nikam told TOI.The 13 member team including six defence lawyers, two public prosecutors and five government officials arrived in Mumbai from Delhi on Thursday afternoon. The commission is staying at Hotel Marine Plaza near Marine Drive just half a kilometer away from Hotel Trident which was one of the targets of the ten Pakistani terrorists in Mumbai in 2008.The commission is to examine the four witnesses of 26/11 in Mumbai. The chief investigating officer Ramesh Mahale, chief Metropolitan Magistrate Sawant Waghule, Dr Shailesh Mohite of Nair hospital and Dr Ganesh Nitukar medical officer of the Forensic Science Department at JJ hospital. While Mahale interrogated the lone terrorist Ajmal Kasab, Magistrate Sawant recorded Kasab's statements during the initial stage and the two doctors did medical test of Kasab and prepared mortuary reports of several persons who died in the 26/11 attacks.Initially it was believed that commission would be allowed to cross-examine witnesses but according to the sources in Mumbai police, the government of India has refused this. The commission would now will be left with no option but to record the witness statements. ``What's the point if the defence lawyers of the accused cannot cross examine and will have to straight away record what witnesses have told the court. It is ridiculous as it will benefit the accused in the Pakistan court of law,'' said a legal expert. However a senior official on condition of anonymity said, ``Why should we facilitate them when we are not allowed access to the main accused who are enjoying shelter in Pakistan?Meanwhile heavy police bandobast has been deployed outside the Marine Plaza where the commission officials will be staying and at the Esplanade Chief Metropolitan Magistrate at Azad Maidan where the commission will record statements on Friday and Saturday. On Friday the commission will first record the statements of inspector Mahale and Magistrate Sawant and on Saturday they are scheduled to record the statements of two doctors-Ganesh Nitukar ofJJ and Shailesh Mohite of Nair hospital.A platoon of Indo-Tibeten Border police force will be deployed in the wake of intelligence inputs. Sources said that the commission will be provided with Z plus security as there is intelligence that the LeT may try to disturb the 26/11 trial going on in Pakistan against six prominent members of LET viz Sayyed Hafeez, Zaki Ur Rahman Lakhvi, Abu Kahafa, Abdul Rahman, Sajid Majid and Zarar Shah.The six are accused of facilitating, aiding and abetting the ten Pakistanis who sneaked into India and carried terror strikes in 2008.The commission comprises defence lawyers Khwaja Haris, Riyaz Akram Chaudhari, Fakhar Hayat, Raja Ullah- Khan and Issam bin- Haris. It also comprises special public prosecutors Chaudhari Mohammad Azhar and Chaudhary Zulfikar and a government official Azad Khan.Nikam was appointed to coordinate with the commission on behalf of the government of India and monitor the proceedings. Nikam, who earlier in the day held a three-hour long meeting with the eight member commission in Delhi, declined to divulge what transpired in the meeting. Nikam later met Union home minister P Chidambram, home secretary R K Singh and other officers.(inputs by Shibu Thomas)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12285428", "title": "Govt seeks House nod for grant of Rs 4K cr more", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has sought the state legislature's nod for grants for an additional expenditure of Rs 4,664 crore.After tabling the state budget last year, both CM Prithviraj Chavan and finance minister Ajit Pawar had announced that supplementary grants would be discouraged to improve fiscal discipline. And yet, the state government submitted supplementary grants worth Rs 14,481 crore in the three legislative sessions since the budget. Demands worth Rs 3,555 cr and Rs 6,326 cr were approved in the monsoon and winter sessions last year. Key departments, held by influential ministers, bagged a lion share of the latest supplementary grants.Three portfolios-finance, energy and planning- which are led by deputy chief minister have collectively raised demands worth Rs 1579 cr. The revenue department, led by Balasaheb Thorat (Cong)-has raised demands worth about Rs 1600 cr, which include a proposal of sanctioning grants of Rs 1,285 cr as extra spend towards financial assistance to cotton, soyabean and paddy farmers. The department has also sought additional allocation for assistance to families of victims of Mumbai bomb blasts and various cases of farmers' suicides.The industries department, led by Narayan Rane (Cong), has sought Rs 426 crore towards incentives offered to industries under the government's package scheme. CM Prithviraj Chavan led law and judiciary, urban development and general administration department, have raised demand worth Rs 132 crore. Other top gainers include the rural development and water conservation department (Jayant Patil (NCP) and Nitin Raut (Cong)), which has raised demands worth Rs 248 cr, home department (NCP's RR Patil, Rs 134 cr), the higher and technical education (NCP's Rajesh Tope, Rs 149 cr), and Congress controlled cooperation, marketing and textile department Rs 122 crore.Interestingly, senior NCP leader Chaggan Bhujbal-led public works department, has only raised proposals worth Rs 7 cr. Most department, seeking approval for extra spend, had not even utilised 50% of their original allocated sum till last week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12283152", "title": "Nalsar gets new vice-chancellor", "text": "HYDERABAD: Finally, Nalsar has a new vice-chancellor (VC). Faizan Mustafa, vice-chancellor of the Cuttack-based National Law University (NULO), has been selected to clean up the mess in one of the more prestigious law universities in the country.A three-member selection committee appointed by the chancellor and Andhra Pradesh High Court Chief Justice Madan B Lokur zeroed in on Mustafa from a 10-name shortlist.The decision has been conveyed to Mustafa. He will be VC for the period 2012-2017. Confirming his appointment to TOI, Mustafa said he was planning to take charge on April 1. As to the recent controversies, Mustafa said he would take every care to ensure that such scandals did not recur in the future.He said that given his experience (he was also registrar at Aligarh Muslim University, India's biggest traditional university), it would not be a problem for him to restore Nalsar to its healthy academic atmosphere.\"My priority at Nalsar will be to improve classroom teaching, something which has become a matter of concern due to a dearth of teaching staff. I will give utmost importance to providing an efficient faculty and instilling a healthy classroom culture among the students,\" he told TOI.Mustafa, who was the first to introduce a course in Chinese Law at NULO, Cuttack, is a gold medalist in LLM from Aligarh Muslim University.He completed his PhD in Intellectual Property Law. He also has a diploma in International and Comparative Human Rights from the International Institute of Human Rights at Strasbourg in France.He has been decorated with several accolades, including the Renne Cassin Gold Medal (1999) by the International Institute of Human Rights and the International Educator of the Year Award (2004) which was bestowed on him by the International Biographical Centre at Cambridge, UK.It may be remembered that the Times of India had unearthed a classified report, submitted by the high-level committee headed by former Supreme Court judge Justice Syed Shah Mohammed Quadri, on the academic and administrative irregularities at Nalsar during the tenures of the previous vice-chancellors.Justice Quadri's report recommended an overhaul of the systems and practices at Nalsar. The TOI report led incumbent vice-chancellor Vir Singh to quit the post, necessitating the search for a new man at the helm of affairs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12283651", "title": "Need to review industrial policy: CII", "text": "INDORE: Confederation of Indian Industry (CII), an industry body, feels that the state government should reconsider its policy on industries especially in the wake of garment manufacturing units started shifting to Bangladesh due to various problems including rising operating costs and declining number of pharma companies in the state.Talking to ToI, Praveen Toshniwal, chairman, CII, western region, said, \"We have established a closer partnership with the state government and we have found it to be supportive.\" Industry played a major role in achieving inclusive growth. The gap between the rich and the poor was widening in the state, he noted.\"There are a few areas of concern before us,\" said Toshniwal. For example, he said, the number of pharma units declined to 317 units now, as compared to 716 units, which existed until a few years back.Another area of concern is the garment manufacturing units that are closing down their operations in the state and shifting their bases to neighbouring Bangladesh.\"We are trying to address these issues at CII,\" said Toshniwal. \"Still, we are happy to know that big IT firms like TCS and Infosys are preparing to set up of their bases in Indore,\" he added.As part of its association with the state government, the CII is gearing up to host investors' meet to be held in Indore in October this year. \"We want to highlight the under construction auto testing track at Pithampur.Similarly, the work is already under progress on the Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor (DMIC) and I am learnt that 2,500 acre of land has already been acquired in Pithampur for DMIC,\" he said.On the industrial progress achieved by the state as compared to four other states, which fall under the western zone of the CII, Toshniwal said that Gujarat and Maharashtra are much ahead of Madhya Pradesh, while Goa was still struggling. This is despite the fact that Goa has got tremendous tourism and mining potential.\"In Madhya Pradesh, we have resources, industries and above all, a supportive government,\" he said.Sharing his views with Toshniwal, Sandeep Naolekar, the outgoing chairman of CII, Madhya Pradesh, says, \"We have set a long-term perspective for the industrial growth in the state. On migration of certain industries from the state, I do believe that it is the state government which has to take a look at its own policies. In our bid to retain the industries with the state itself, we are doing a policy advocacy. That is why we wanted to work closely with the state government.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12290620", "title": "New evil entry in Mahadev", "text": "Nikhil and Suhana Sinha's mythological show Devon Ke Dev Mahadev has been capturing audience attention for some time now. Here is another reason of why it will become even more popular in the days to come - the show aired on Life OK will see the entry of Sudeep Sarangi, who has done shows like Prithviraj Chauhan and Baba Aiso Var Dhoondho.In the recent episodes, the greedy Angira Rishi agreed to get his son Shatbhish, married to Sati (Mouni Roy) only on one condition that Raja Daksh (Surendra Pal) will give away with the authority of 'Prajapati'. And Sati who is in love with Lord Shiva, decided to sacrifice her love and agreed to get married with Shatbhish, (Sudeep Sarangi). Talking on this matter, Sudip says, \"\"I have worked with Nikhil Sinha in Baba Aiso Var Dhoondho so when this character came to me, I knew that it would be something exciting. This character has many shades of a personality and thus being an actor I had to go for this.\"\" Sudeep started working in this show for the last one week and is very happy to be a part of Mahadev. \"My character has a very ugly look. He has a scar on his face just like Zeenat Aman's character in Satyam, Shivam, Sundaram but mine is more of a patchy scar. I just hope viewers like my character as much as I have enjoyed playing it,\" he says.Lisa Antao", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12283020", "title": "High court stays work on Metro corridor 3", "text": "HYDERABAD: Coming down heavily on the state government and Metro Rail Corporation authorities for what it called a non-transparent approach in laying the corridors for the Hyderabad Metro Rail project even after the fiasco involving previous private promoter Maytas, Justice L Narsimha Reddy of the AP High Court on Thursday stayed a part of the third (Nagole to Shilparamam) corridor work that starts from Greenlands and goes up to Srikrishna Nagar. After the Maytas debacle, the state entrusted the project to L&amp;T.;Stating that the authorities cannot invoke any secrecy clauses in such public interest matters, the judge found fault with the authorities for not notifying the revised route plan in the public domain and also for not eliciting public opinion. \"There is a serious lacunae in the very launching of the project under the AP Tramways Act,\" the judge said. Dealing with the interim application for staying the Metro Rail Project on the corridor that involves Krishna Nagar, Yellareddyguda and Ameerpet, the judge refused to vacate an earlier interim order and dismissed the petition filed by the state government in this regard.The judge was dealing with a writ petition filed by the Joint Action Committee and 21 members who opposed the changed route of the project. The ongoing project is divided into three corridors: Shilparamam to Nagole, Jubilee Bus Station to Falaknuma and LB Nagar to Miyapur.The petitioners contended that the original metro route that was to run through Jubilee Hills, LV Prasad Eye Institute and Punjagutta was modified and that there was no justification for the change. It was also contended that there was no technical evaluation and the new route would end in demolition of vast number of structures, residences and commercial establishments.The judge found flaw with the ongoing process on two grounds. He said provisions of the AP Tramways Act could not have been pressed and said that even if the Act did apply, the authorities failed to follow the prescribed transparent procedure. The plea that public notification was not required was rejected. \"Section 4 which is enacted to protect the public interests is non negotiable\" Justice Narsimha Reddy said. He said that such public notification of the draft would enable public response \"not only from the point of view of the loss of property but also safety.\"\"Unfortunately, the state in its anxiety to spread a red carpet to a private agency has chosen to violate and break the law enacted by itself\", he said. Making an obvious reference to the Maytas experience, the judge said \"It appears that the Hyderabad Metro Rail granted the rights for Metro Railway on an earlier occasion in favour of an agency in a similar clandestine manner keeping the entire project away from public scrutiny.\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12273903", "title": "Meghana Raj: A role to remember", "text": "Actress Meghana Raj, who was last seen in Tamil in Uyarthiru 420, is excited about her character in Ramsiva's Nandha Nandhita.She says, \"I play Nandhita, a young girl who shoulders the responsibility of her family. She goes through a lot of ups and downs in her life before she meets Nandha and falls in love with him. But soon, she realizes he's not what he seems to be. It's a very nice love story.\" Director Ramsiva says, \"The film is about Nandha, who was deprived of education and mother's love in his childhood. When he steps into the real world, he meets Nandhita. How she changes his life forms the rest of the story. Meghana has a powerful role, and will be seen in a homely avatar.\" Interestingly, the film released in Telugu with the same title earlier this month. \"I directed the film in both the languages separately, and the Tamil version will hit screens soon,\" he adds. VL", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12283241", "title": "US agencies found video doctored, says Nithyananda", "text": "CHENNAI: Self-styled godman Nithyananda and actor Ranjitha addressed a press conference here on Thursday, eight months after their first, and declared that the video tape showing them in an intimate position was doctored.Nithyananda said the tape had been sent to four US-based forensic agencies which \"confirmed that it had been morphed. The agencies, which work closely with the FBI , gave 60 reasons to prove their point.\" He claimed that the software used to morph the video was sophisticated and could not be detected by labs in India. He said some people tried to blackmail him using the video.Asked why they did not approach police or the media earlier, Ranjitha told reporters: \"I had a family to take care of. I needed time to prove the video was fabricated. I have always considered Nithyananda god.\"Nithyananda said, \"I don't want to create new enemies, but I will surely defend myself against those who consider me their enemy. I trust the judiciary.\"On the charge that he had amassed huge wealth, Nithyananda said, \"I can assure you that I have property of less than 100 crore.\" Nithyananda requested police to keep his former employee Lenin Karuppan, arrested on Wednesday for alleged blackmail, in jail as he was \"a threat to society.\" Karuppan had released the video to the media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12283741", "title": "Government refuses to foot Madhavan Nair\u2019s trip to Paris", "text": "BANGALORE: The government has refused to foot the travel bill of former Isro chairman G Madhavan Nair to Paris to attend a meeting of the prestigious International Academy of Astronautics (IAA), of which he is the President.The decision appears to be in line with the January 13 punitive order barring Nair and three other former senior Isro scientists from taking up any government jobs for their role in the Antrix-Devas deal that was subsequently scrapped.\"Earlier the government used to give support for travel etc. But (this time) I had to shell out quite a lot of money (to go there)\", Nair, who just returned from France, said.Asked if it's because of the government's blacklisting order that it didn't take care of such expenses, Nair said, \"Yes. Certainly, certainly\".The Paris-based IAA is an independent organisation of distinguished individuals elected by their peers for their outstanding contributions to astronautics and exploration of space.Nair, the first Indian expert in space to become President of IAA, regretted that while China projected 40 people for membership, India failed to project even one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12284999", "title": "'Missing' land: Cusat seeks more time to reply", "text": "KOCHI: Cochin University of Science and Technology (Cusat) has sought more time to reply to allegations that about five acres of land is 'missing' from its campus.The petition filed by Girish Babu of Kalamassery had alleged that close to five acres of land was 'missing' and that the court should order a re-survey of the 183.5 acre-campus.When the case came up for hearing before the division bench of acting Chief Justice Manjula Chellur and justice V Chitambaresh on Thursday, Cusat's counsel P M A Kalam sought an additional time of two weeks to inform the university's stance on the issue. The petitioner's counsel, Joseph Rony Jose, argued that the court should order a resurvey as early as possible.Last month, the Survey and Land Records Department submitted in the court that only 93 cents of land was 'missing' and that the allegation that five acres of land was missing was incorrect. The department had also submitted that the 'missing' land could not be reclaimed as the records showing measurements were not available.The survey department had submitted that a survey was conducted in the presence of university officials in June 2008 and the area, on measurement and also according to survey records, was found to be 182 acres and 43 cents. The difference of 93 cents is less than one per cent of the total area, which is within allowable limits, the affidavit by the department had stated. According to the petitioner, a total of 183.47 acres was handed over to Cusat by the Kerala University in 1971. In a resurvey conducted in 1996, it was revealed that the campus had only 178.55 acres, the petitioner alleged.The petition had pointed out that illegal roads have been constructed within the campus without obtaining permission from the government. Despite all these being evident, neither the university nor the government had done anything to identify the missing land, the petitioner said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12284687", "title": "Doctors leave liquor permit-holders thirsty", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If there is one group of Amdavadis that never run out of liquor in this dry state, it is the permitholders. Since January, however, the city's legal drinkers are in a fix over their daily fix. The process of issuing permits has slowed down to a trickle.Renewing a permit normally took 15 days. In some cases, applicants have not seen their renewed permits for close to two months now. Sources say the delay has been caused by Civil Hospital - the main authority to certify that a person needs to drink for health reasons.The doctors here want to share the burden to certification with other hospitals, but the prohibition department has been sending all applications to them. Besides, the Ahmedabad civil superintendent, the civil surgeon, two departments in BJ Medical College and Sola Civil Hospital can issue health certificates.Although doctors at Civil Hospital deny any delay, sources say more than 200 applications are pending with the prohibition department only because the hospital sent them late. per unit of liquor for cancer patients, apart from the legal fees,\" said another permit-holder.\"Despite all the formalities being completed, the department is yet to issue us the permit.\" Civil Hospital superintendant M Prabhakar insisted no applications were pending. He claimed his staff were over-worked.\"We have to spare one doctor just for the medical tests,\" he said. \"We had requested the prohibition officials to divide the work.\" They get about 100 applications every month. An official in the prohibition department said, \"In December, Civil Hospital returned the applications saying they should be equally distributed among others. But BJ Medical College and Sola Civil refused the responsibility saying they had no orders from the government.\"A permit-holder for 25 years said, \"My permit was to expire in January and I applied for renewal well in advance. As usual, I was expecting the permit in a week after the medical test in February. But this time, I have not seen the permit for over a month and I am told there may be further delays.\" \"We have been donating of Rs 1,000 per unit of liquor for cancer patients, apart from the legal fees,\" said another permit-holder.\"Despite all the formalities being completed, the department is yet to issue us the permit.\" Civil Hospital superintendant M Prabhakar insisted no applications were pending. He claimed his staff were over-worked. \"We have to spare one doctor just for the medical tests,\" he said. \"We had requested the prohibition officials to divide the work.\" They get about 100 applications every month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "12284995", "title": "'Thiruvambadi Thamban' gets a tranquilizer shot", "text": "Alappuzha: The Animal Welfare Board of India (AWBI) has denied permission for using elephants for the shooting of M Padmakumar's film Thiruvambadi Thamban with Jayaram in the lead.The AWBI has also served show-cause notices to the film's producer and director for illegally parading 54 tuskers for the shooting of the film last December. The board has also asked the director to remove the scene in the film in which Jayaram (Thiruvambadi Thamban Tharakan) and Jagathy Sreekumar (Thiruvamabi Mathan Tharakan) have acted along with tuskers.On March 1 this year, the AWBI's Performing Animals Sub Committee (PASC) considered six applications from various film producers for getting the board's no-objection certificate (NOC) for using animals for shooting. However, the PASC granted NOC to all other films except Thiruvambadi Thamban.The film's director Padmakumar and producer Alexander John (Jini Cinema) submitted a letter of apology to the AWBI for using 54 elephants for the shooting of the film without AWBI permission on December 23, 2011 on the premises of the Kattakampal Temple in Thrissur. The board, however refused to entertain the letter and served them a show-cause notice on March 1 under section 26 of Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act, 1960.As per the Performing Animals (Registration) Rules, 2001, shooting with animals should be undertaken only after getting pre-shoot permission from AWBI.Padmakumar said they had sought permission for using two elephants for filming outside Kerala. \"However, we did not get permission and they also sought some clarifications from us. We do want to highlight this issue. Though we have been directed to delete some scenes, we will take a decision on that only before we submit the movie to the Censor Board,\" he said.The show-cause notice followed a complaint lodged by V K Venkitachalam, secretary, Heritage Animal Task Force.Venkitachalam said the film told the story of a family which indulged in illegal trading of elephants, which also is against rules. \"The director of the movie has also used elephants in Nagercoil, Pollachi and Tirunelveli for the shooting without the permission of the board. We have also drawn the board's attention to this issue.\"However, S Sureshkumar, the scriptwriter of the film, said the story of the film did not violate any rules. \"We have not used 54 elephants for the shooting, and we have shot the real pooram at Kattakampal Temple. We have informed the AWBI this. And they have sought some clarifications from us after we failed to submit some papers. We will soon sort out all problems,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12285075", "title": "New mayor promises carbon footprint, gender status report", "text": "PUNE: Newly elected mayor Vaishali Bankar on Thursday promised the carbon footprint of the city, gender status report, mitigation of traffic problems and execution of the 24x7 water supply system during her tenure.\"I am aware of citizens' expectations. During my term, I will ensure the carbon footprint of the city as one of the initiatives to combat global warming. We will also have a gender status report to understand the problems faced by women in the city,\" said Bankar, addressing the new general body (GB) meeting after her election.\"The traffic in the city is deteriorating and we need to find immediate solutions. I will concentrate on issues like equitable water supply, river improvement, sewage treatment and garbage management. We should work together for the development of the city and ensure that the civic administration functions impartially,\" said Bankar.\"The mayor's post is considered ceremonial and without any authority. But I will try my best to contribute substantially in the development of the city,\" she said.Deputy mayor Deepak Mankar said, \"Completion of the Shiv Shrushti project in Kothrud is my top priority.\"Leader of the house and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) corporator Subhash Jagtap said, \"It is high time that we, as the elected representatives, take harsh decisions which may just make citizens unhappy. But we have to keep aside popular sentiments for development. For instance, we should take stringent decisions on water supply. All party leaders should come together to take unanimous decisions.\"Leader of the Congress in PMC Arvind Shinde said, \"The PMC is in the process of approving the new Development Plan and the new GB should ensure that city gets the comprehensive plan. Various issues, including metro and 24x7 water projects, should be resolved with consensus.\"Maharashtra Navnirman Sena leader in the PMC Vasant More said, \"We, as the opposition party, will fully support the NCP-Congress combine in the development projects for the city. However, the ruling combine should not push projects on majority strength.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12284077", "title": "Patna boys shine at cyber Olympiad", "text": "PATNA: Two Patna boys have beaten around 5 lakh competitors from across 14 countries to emerge the winner and first runner-up in two different categories in the 11th National Cyber Olympiad (NCO), organized by the Science Olympiad Foundation (SOF) last month, and are set to return home richer by Rs 1 lakh and Rs 50,000 respectively.While Kumar Abhishek won the competition in the category of Class XII students, Satya Prakash ranked second in the category of Class IX students. Both are students of St Michael's High School in the city. \"They have got the brains,\" said school principal Fr Peter B Arockiyasamay, SJ.SOF was set up in late 90s to identify and nurture young science and IT talents and promote a proper understanding of science and computers through such initiatives as NCO. Students from 14,000 and odd schools of India, Nepal, Singapore, Saudi Arabia, Bangladesh and Indonesia, among other countries, participated in the first round of NCO-2012 in September 2011. Of them, 45,500 and odd students were shortlisted to take the final exam in February this year.There were five examination centres in Bihar - at Patna, Bhagalpur, Gaya, Muzaffarpur and Begusarai, according to SOF's Bihar coordinator Vishal Ranjan Daftuar.This reporter tried to get details of Abhishek from facebook, but in vain. \"I am not on the social networking site as I don't get time for such activities,\" the science and computer wizard told TOI on Thursday. \"He spends most of his time on studies and reading books,\" his mother Anamika added.While Abhishek's mother is a homemaker, his father Manoj Kakkar is a senior State Bank of India official. \"Having won such a big amount, I am sort of punching the air,\" Abhishek said and added the \"feeling of being the international winner\" was intoxicating. The Michaelite, who had secured 7th all-India rank in the sixth NCO, dedicated his success to his teachers and parents. \"IIT,\" he said when asked about his ambition. Prakash is equally excited. \"I had prepared hard and was hopeful of scoring well,\" he said.The boys, along with other winners, would be felicitated and given the prize money at a function on July 15 this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12283300", "title": "Hi-tech gadgets surround HC campus", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has come under round-the-clock surveillance with the installation of nine speed-dome closed-circuit television ( CCTV) cameras on Thursday. The court campus will now be monitored better, as these cameras can rotate 360 degrees and zoom in on vehicles, right down to their number plates.Chief Justice M Y Eqbal unveiled the facility, which marks phase-2 of the comprehensive security system for the court, when he visited the new control room, along with Justices D Murugesan, C Nagappan and city commissioner of police J K Tripathy.\"The cameras have been installed on a trial basis, as the tender process is still to be completed. A total of 16 such cameras are scheduled to come up at different points on the premises,\" joint commissioner of police (north zone) N K Senthamarai Kannan, said.Following a Central alert on rise in threat perception, the Madras high court had mulled options to step up security a couple of years ago. An access control system was put in place in 2008, but it came to naught after the unprecedented violence on the court campus on February 19, 2009.In December 2011, chief secretary Debendranath Sarangi in a letter to Union home secretary R K Singh, recommended deployment of the Central Industrial Security Force, who guard the Supreme Court and Delhi high court. It would spare about 430 personnel of the state police who are on high court duty at present, he reasoned, adding that they could be used for other purposes if they were replaced by the CISF personnel.Apart from the cameras, the 3.14 crore Comprehensive Security System envisages hand-held metal detectors, baggage scanners, explosive vapour detectors and minesweepers. As of today, the cameras - equipped with a video-recording facility - will provide 24-hour surveillance.Each camera can rotate 360 degrees to provide a broader coverage area and can also zoom in on a subject. A camera mounted at any of the court gates can keep track of the people going into the court, turn and hone in on the person at a shop on the opposite side of the road. Similarly, a camera at a vehicle check point can zoom in on the vehicles, right down to the number plate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12286015", "title": "Eyes offer peek into brain health", "text": "LONDON: The health of your eyes could offer an insight into your brain condition, says a new study.Scientists at the University of California , San Francisco found that damage to a person's retina was linked to decline in the individual's brain function.They believe that issues with the blood supply may be damaging both the eye and the brain, the BBC reported. The eye condition the researchers were looking at was called retinopathy, which is common in patients with Type 2 diabetes or high blood pressure.For their study, published in the journal Neurology, the team followed 511 women, who were 65 or older, for a decade.About 39 were diagnosed with retinopathy. Those with the eye condition tended to have lower scores in tests of brain function, including memory and abstract reasoning exams.Brain scans also showed up more areas of damaged brain tissue , ischemic lesions, in those with retinopathy.Mary Haan, who led the study, said, \"Problems with the tiny blood vessels in the eye may be a sign that there are problems with the blood vessels in the brain that can lead to cognitive problems. This could be very useful if simple eye screening could give us an indication that people might be at risk of problems with their brain health and functioning.\"However, much larger studies would be needed to see if the findings could be used as a clinical test for declining brain function.While there was no suggestion of dementia in the patients, brain decline can be an early sign of the disease, the researchers said. Simon Ridley, at Alzheimer's Research UK, said, \"This small study offers clues for a possible route when monitoring for the signs of cognitive decline.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12285804", "title": "Were being smuggled to foreign countries", "text": "CHANDIGARH: DSP (crime) Satbir Singh said, \"During interrogation, Bhupinder confessed that he used to smuggle parts of the furniture to foreign countries. The godown in Kaimbwala belongs to him and the other one to Jai Bhagwan, who is on the run.\"Two officials of Chandigarh architect department, Rajesh Katoch and Harminder Singh, identified the furniture items designed by Corbusier and Jeanneret. All items were seized under Section 102 of the CrPC.The UT administration has been drawing flak for auction of heritage furniture articles abroad. Many of these have gone under the hammer at Artcurial Auction House in Paris.The police had started a probe into the auctions after the UT administration lodged a case on February 17, 2011. A senior cop said, \"There is a possibility that we might contact the managements of Artcurial Auction House, Paris, and other auction houses.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12282908", "title": "Three cops suspended in spurious liquor case", "text": "VADODARA: Three cops, including a circle police inspector (CPI), were suspended on Thursday in the spurious liquor case that led to three deaths in the last three days. The cops have been suspended for negligence of duty. Three residents of Panej village in Sankheda taluka died after they consumed spurious liquor on Tuesday morning while 20 took ill.\"We have suspended CPI V I Patel, ASI Fulabhai and his assistant Dineshbhai. We are inquiring into the incident,\" said S U Pandey, in-charge DSP, Vadodara. According to the authorities, the victims admitted to SSG Hospital and another private clinic are in stable condition and have been kept on ventilators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "12283662", "title": "IG Bilaspur shifted after IPS officer\u2019s suicide", "text": "RAIPUR: The IG of Bilaspur range is among seven senior police officials who have been transferred by the Chhattisgarh government in the wake of the alleged suicide by IPS officer Rahul Sharma, official sources said.IG Bilaspur J P Singh has been given the responsibility of Chhattisgarh Sashastra Bal and naxal operations and B S Marawi has been deputed in his place, they said.M S Tomar has taken over from Marawi as the Additional Transport Commissioner.Ratanlal Dangi has been made the new SP of Bilaspur and he has been replaced by the SP of Rajnandgaon B N Meena in Bastar district, they said.SP Jashpur Sanjiv Shukla has taken over from Meena while Additional SP of Durg Manish Sharma has been made the new SP of Jashpur.IPS officer Rahul Sharma allegedly committed suicide by shooting himself with his service revolver on March 12. His family alleged that he was \"a victim of the system\".The 2002-batch IPS officer, who was Superintendent of Police at Bilaspur, shot himself in the head inside the toilet of Police Officer's Mess where he was staying.Police found a suicide note from 37-year-old Sharma's room, which has revealed that he suffered mental agony because of the high handedness of his senior officer and a high court judge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12288358", "title": "Who chopped my role?", "text": "Censor Board members fight over a new rule that is seen as unfavourable toward older employeesThe Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) is in the eye of a storm with a new rule being implemented that has led to the discontinuation of the services of two senior members of its Advisory Panel: Nandini Sardesai and her colleague Devyani Kiran, who have served on the board for five and seven years, respectively.The rule which says that members cannot continue for more than two years, has led to a war of words between the 80 affected members represented by Sardesai and Kiran, and CEO, CBFC, Pankaja Thakur.Sardesai told Mirror, \"I have been unfairly treated by the I &amp; B Ministry. This new rule of two years tenure is arbitrary and abrupt. I demand to know why such a rule has been passed. What is even more appalling is that the people who have come in the New List have shocking credentials; some are builders, some are from political parties and some run NGOs. What kind of cinema lies in store? These people have no background in film.\"While Thakur directed us to Leela Samson, Chairperson, CBFC, who simply said, \"Nobody can be on the panel forever. India is a democratic nation. I am not even ruling out that Nandini can come back after a few years. And yes, she has a great passion for films but I don't understand how she will cut ice by throwing up her hands in the air? If she has a problem, she should speak to the Ministry.\"As for Kiran, when contacted, she said, \"As far as I am concerned, I haven't even been told that I have been dropped from the Advisory Panel, but yes, I have learnt about it from other members who have at least been courteous enough to inform. Pankaja did not contact me, neither directly nor indirectly.\"According to those being dropped from the board, Thakur did not inform Sardesai or Kiran. It was Regional Officer J P Singh who called Sardesai to convey that she could not attend anymore screenings hereafter. Sources close to Sardesai revealed that although the orders for the discontinuation of Sardesai and Kiran came from the Ministry, Thakur had dropped hints to Sardesai about her ouster.Not surprisingly, Sardesai has decided she will not discontinue until she is told in writing. She has gone ahead and filed an RTI. And never before in the history of CBFC has an RTI been answered in just four days, according to sources close to Sardesai.Mirror has learnt that Sardesai and Thakur have not been on the same page for a while now. And it had something to do with the words 'condom' and 'power yoga' in RA.One. The bitterness was also fomented by the different approach to rating in several films and Thakur's style of functioning.While both Sardesai and Kiran are vocal about their displeasure with Thakur, Samson has decided to play peacemaker. \"Both Pankaja and I have great regard for Nandini. And as far as Pankaja's work is concerned, I think she is doing a very fine job,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12283286", "title": "Vendors face the heat of GHMC\u2019s drive", "text": "HYDERABAD: The GHMC's drive to make footpaths pedestrian-friendly in the Charminar area has raised several questions as the petty pushcart vendors and hawkers are being forcibly removed, leaving the \"bigger encroachers\" to stay on.According to GHMC sources, over 1600 encroachments have been removed from the pavements of the city in the last one week. Most of these include petty traders operating out of booths, pushcarts or the pavement. Nearly 200 of them have been cleared from the Old City areas alone. The drive was conducted along the Madina to Bahadurpura stretch and in parts of Malakpet. The authorities are now gearing up to clear encroachers in the Falaknuma area. Hawker rights activists say that numbers may seem like a shinning star in the lapel of the authorities but the drive is ignoring the cries of displaced hawkers.Locals and civil society members say that blatant encroachments by the rich and powerful are left untouched while the hawkers are picked on. Shakeel Ahmed, a resident of Misrigunj says, \"Construction over the footpath is common in the Old City. In areas like Fateh Darwaza, old buildings are demolished and new ones are constructed by usurping the pavements. These are gross violation of setback rules according to which newly constructed structures replacing older ones should step back and not come forward. Ramps are also constructed from the entrances of houses on to the roads, eating up the footpath space. But such instances are not encroachments in the eyes of the authorities.\"Inayat Ali Baquery, state general secretary of the National Hawkers' Federation, termed the drive as 'injustice to hawkers.' Baquery informs that the drive is a violation of the 2009 directive of the Supreme Court. \"The SC had considered the livelihood of hawkers and directed municipal authorities to not evict them without rehabilitation. By not ensuring viable hawker-friendly zones, the GHMC authorities have acted in contempt,\" he fumes. He adds, \"We are in the process of organizing the hawkers. We plan to approach the high court.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12285365", "title": "\u2018State to be free of power cuts by end of 2012\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Shortage of coal in the country might have raised concern over impending power cuts but the state was committed to making Maharashtra load-shedding free by the end of 2012, governor K Sankaranarayanan said at the joint Budget session of the state legislature on Thursday.The governor reiterated what the government has been promising since the Telangana stir forced power cuts across the state last year. \"My government is making all efforts to make state load-shedding free by 2012,\" the governor said in his customary address as the Budget session got underway.According to him, Mahagenco has commissioned 500 mw power project at Khaparkheda and two other units of 500 mw at Bhusawal will be started soon. To increase the capacity of the existing hydro-electric projects, private parties are setting up at least 74 new plants, each of 211 mw capacity. The state is also formulating a policy to distribute additional power to various stakeholders at concessional rates, an official told TOI.The governor's customary address went off peacefully, though the opposition, led by the BJP, had said on Wednesday they would like the governor to start his address in Marathi.About urbanization of the state, Sankaranarayanan said the government was going to ensure the development control (DC) rules were extended to the rest of the state and not confined to Mumbai. \"By extending the new DC rules to the A, B, C classes of municipalities as well as rural areas, the entire state will be brought under systematic DC guidelines,\" he added.Among other measures, the governor promised the commission of monorail this financial year, modernization of stamp duty and registration offices, early completion of the state river conservation scheme and providing educational facilities in rural areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12282588", "title": "US threatens sanctions against India over Iran oil", "text": "WASHINGTON: The Obama administration is threatening to impose sanctions on India over its continued economic ties with Iran amid disagreements between Washington and New Delhi over how much and how soon the latter is reducing oil imports from the (in US eyes) pariah nation.India has \"failed\" to reduce its purchase of Iranian oil and if it doesn't do so, President Barack Obama may be \"forced\" to impose sanction, unnamed administration officials were cited as telling Bloomberg wire service. A decision in this regard could come as early as June 28, they added, implicitly offering New Delhi a ten- week window to show a decline in Iranian oil imports.Indian officials have contested the US assessment by insisting New Delhi is scaling down Iranian oil imports with more reduction in the pipeline, but that concession has been offset by India's commerce ministry's well-publicized efforts to ramp up trade with Iran in other areas, a move that has not gone unnoticed by the powerful pro-Israeli lobby in US.The potent American Jewish Committee (AJC), which holds Israeli interests dear to its heart, raged against an Indian business delegation being shepherded to Iran by the Indian commerce ministry, pointing to it as an example of New Delhi's perfidy at a time Israel is India's close military and counter-terrorism partner.That prompted a strong rebuttal from the Indian embassy in Washington, accusing certain lobbies of presenting a \"distorted picture of New Delhi's foreign policy objectives and energy security needs\" by selective use of data about its imports from Iran.But the anti-Iran lobby in US has been galvanized by a report on Wednesday from the International Energy Agency (IEA), showing that India and South Korea \"sharply\" increased their oil imports from Iran in January.However, India has informally conveyed to Washington that it has advised its refineries, many of which are geared towards processing Iranian crude, to seek alternate supplies and gradually reduce their dependence on Iran. That process may take some time to kick in since annual crude contracts with Iran are April to March, so the reduction will start to show from next month.India has enough time to show compliance since the US law relating to sanctions vis-a-vis Iran kicks in only if countries don't make a \"significant\" cuts in their Iranian crude oil purchases during the first half of this year. The law does not specify by what percentage a nation must reduce its imports to qualify for an exemption from sanctions, so countries like South Korea and Japan have been negotiating with Washington the quantum of cuts they can live with. India is also believed to be in discussion with U.S in this matter.While the impending Indian compliance has been quietly acknowledged by some Obama administration officials, the hardline pro-Israeli lobby in US is champing at the bit. At a Congressional hearing earlier this month Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told lawmakers that while the US remains concerned about India's links with Iran, she acknowledged that New Delhi is ''heading in the right direction''.\"In fact, I think in a number of instances, the actions of countries and their banks are better than the public statements that we sometimes hear them making,\" Clinton said in an indication of the Indian assurances.The Obama administration itself is in a bind over squeezing too hard and tightening oil supplies across the world. While Washington has offered to wean India and other countries from Iranian oil by arranging supplies from Saudi Arabia and Iraq, that could come at its own expense and rising oil prices. Already, gas prices are close to $ 4 a gallon at US pumps, and it is a well-acknowledged fact that the fortunes of US politicians running for high office is linked to pain (or otherwise) at the pump.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12284512", "title": "Why ex-task force member wants plan denotified", "text": "PANAJI: \"I personally feel that the Regional Plan 2021 should be revisited with the draft plan as a base. Such a revisit cannot be just in the form of palliatives but through a serious restructuring of the plan by denotifying it and working upon it participatively.\"This was the advice of eminent architect and town planner Edgar Ribeiro to the Goa government in December 2011. He reiterated this stand in a letter to chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Wednesday when they met.In his letter, Ribeiro opines that the state-level committee \"have exceeded their brief of processing the suggestions process emanating from the draft RP 2021\".The counts on which the SLC did so, according to Ribeiro, include, \"settlement areas which were to be corrected at their edges or otherwise rectified in terms of specified regional land uses of the draft RP 2021 through gram sabhas seem to be substantially added to at the expense of orchards and other regional land uses\".He points out that the draft plan had already stretched the 2021 population umbrella for Goa to 20 lakh and for which the basic service providers were hard pressed to cater to. \"Therefore additional land not justified in terms of population horizons should be immediately withdrawn before the highly systemized building permits get into overdrive other than through the current alterations and minor additions route in non-settlement areas\".Ribeiro further states that all settlement areas have settlement-level land uses shown, including the existing and proposed settlement level road/right of ways. \"A regional plan is required to show only settlement-level fences in a single colour for processing through the objections/suggestions process of a detailed settlement plan. However, regional land uses can permeate through such settlement fences. This is a serious SLC intervention to settlement development planning. It requires an immediate recall.\"Ribeiro demands that micro-industries should be \"totally withdrawn\" from RP 2021 because if there is no demand these areas could \"easily be misused for real estate \".He notes that eco-tourism zones have been \"pushed into\" RP 2021 and demands that they be scrapped \"specially as it was not approved at the task force-level and there is no evidence of them being accepted at the gram sabha-level\".Ribeiro states that the mapped base data by the SLC \"is of highly replicable quality\". \"The regional-level land use projections however are not and are overstated through what appears to be a systematic top-down interventionary process. In my opinion, this is illegal.\"He also objects to the SLC's proposals of showing huge settlement areas in the world heritage site of Old Goa in RP 2021 and warns that this is \"positively destructive\".Stressing once again that the RP 2021 should be revisited with the draft plan as base, Ribeiro states that this is \"possible in a time-bound manner given the excellent base maps and related base data generated by the SLC\".\"But for this, RP 2021 has to be legally denotified,\" Ribeiro states.Ribeiro was a key member of the task force that finalized the draft RP 2021 in September 2009. But he had quit the committee in July 2009 citing unhappiness with the direction the plan was taking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12285456", "title": "Economic Survey: Farm-fresh ideas to tackle food supply chain niggles", "text": "The Economic Survey has suggested several options to address supply side problems on the food front and has backed the idea of regular imports of small quantities of agriculture commodities.It has said the compositional shift in the food basket of a common household has increased the demand for some food items and there are supply side constraints which were exposed during the recent spike in food inflation, particularly prices of vegetables and fruits. Near doubledigit food inflation emerged as a major policy headache for the UPA government in the past year. It has eased significantly in recent weeks much to the relief of policymakers but has once again shown signs of inching up.\"As a strategy, regular imports of agriculture commodities in relatively smaller quantities with an upper ceiling on total quantity could be considered. The upper ceiling can be decided annually, relatively well in advance, after assessing the likely domestic situation in terms of production and consumption requirements ,\" the survey said.Even as the survey listed the features of the proposed National Food Security Bill, it pushed the case for increasing direct cash transfers and suggested that the government should get out of the 'supply side' and distribution of grains as the PDS was an extremely inefficient way of delivery. The survey called for setting up special markets for special crops in states/regions /areas producing those crops saying it would facilitate supply of superior commodities to consumers. It also suggested a greater number of traders to be allowed as agents in mandis. It added that perishable food items could be taken out of the ambit of the APMC Act.It said in order to promote interstate trade, a commodity for which market fee has been paid once must not be subjected to subsequent market fee in other markets. The survey said storage capacity was a major problem facing the country and recommended public-private-partnership models.It called for linking farmers to the market and also reiterated the need for investment in food processing, cold chains, handling and packaging processed foods.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 201 2\u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12282749", "title": "Police ban Ganesh idols made of POP", "text": "VADODARA: Sursagar may get some respite with the administration prohibiting idol makers from making idols of material other than clay and insisting that only natural colours be used on Ganesh idols. An intimation has been sent to idol makers in the city, who made representations seeking concessions in the guidelines on Thursday.Ganesh idol makers pressed alarm bells with the city police circulating guidelines regarding preparation of idols. The guidelines are strict and ask them to ensure that only natural clay for making idols is used instead of baked clay or plaster of Paris (PoP). The missive sent to the idol makers also states that material like flowers, clothes and other items present on the idols should also be removed before the idols are immersed. Such material should be buried separately and clothes should be donated to orphanages.The idol makers will also have to take a certificate from the local police station and the civic body stating that the colour used to prepare the idols is not toxic. If such idols are immersed, legal action will be taken against those responsible for it. Unhappy with the guidelines, idol makers in the city went to meet police commissioner Satish Sharma and made representations to him. The idol makers said they would reduce the size of the idols and would ensure that no material and item used to decorate them were immersed. But the city police have maintained that the guidelines will have to be adhered to.Sharma said only clay idols will be allowed to be immersed. \"Making PoP idols is not an offence, but these cannot be immersed. If immersion takes place, the law will take its course,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/cuttack", "code": "12286070", "title": "Naveen visits Athagarh again", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/CUTTACK: With campaigning for the March 18 Athagarh bypoll getting intense, chief minister and BJD president Naveen Patnaik hit the election trail for the second time in three days, seeking support for party nominee Ranendra Pratap Swain on Thursday.Odisha Pradesh Congress Committee president Niranjan Patnaik and state BJP chief Jual Oram , too, campaigned for their respective party candidates, Suresh Mohapatra and Bikram Das, turning Athagarh into a political battle zone.Friday is the last day for electioneering for the bypoll, necessitated in the wake of the Supreme Court ruling Ramesh Rout's election as MLA in 2009 null and void. Swain, an ex-minister and four-time legislator, could not contest the elections three years ago after the election officer rejected his nomination papers on grounds that he had not submitted the BJD ticket in original. Swain challenged this in court and won, leading to the byelection.It seems Naveen has taken the Athagarh bypoll as a prestige issue as it is unusual for him to turn up for two days to campaign during a byelection. What has raised curiosity levels further is speculation about possible differences between Naveen and his key advisor Pyarimohan Mohapatra, who has not campaigned in Athagarh.Naveen on Thursday moved across ten panchayats in Tigiria besides the Athagarh notified area council and urged people to cast their vote in favour of Swain. He was accompanied by a brigade of senior BJD leaders like Prafulla Ghadai, Damodar Rout, Kalindi Behera, S N Patro, Debi Mishra, Usha Devi, Pramilla Mallick and Atanu Sabyasachi Nayak. \"My government has started a new era of development in the state. We will continue the good work with the support of the people,\" said Naveen.Congress candidate Suresh Mohapatra, however, felt people would not get swayed in BJD's favour as some of the leaders were 'tainted'. The Congress campaign, led by Niranjan, also included L B Mohapatra. The Congress alleged no development has taken place in Athagarh during the last 20 years, when Swain was the MLA for most of the time. \"Development has taken a backseat in Athagarh in the last 20 years. People of Athagarh are fed up now and they need change,\" said Niranjan.Not to be left behind, Oram campaigned for BJP's nominee Bikram Das. He participated in road shows and public meetings to lure the voters. BJP candidate Bikram Das said he was confident that he would fare well as he is the \"son of the soil\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12285683", "title": "Economic Survey: \u2018Cautious\u2019 Basu sees growth over 2-yr period", "text": "Failure to roll out reforms and the sovereign debt crisis in Europe hurt economic expansion in the current fiscal but it is expected to rebound in the next two years, the finance ministry's chief economic advisor Kaushik Basu said on Thursday.Basu, the author of the Economic Survey, said revival in growth, projected at 7.6% for the next fiscal, is on the basis of improved investment and savings scenario, which had slowed down in the current fiscal.The savings rate had come down to 32.3% in 2010-11 from 33.8% in the previous year. The investment rate, too, declined to 30.4% from 31.6% in 2009-10.He said there would be one more year of slowdown in savings and investment rates and this was expected to pick up next year. \"The savings rate will be back to 35% after a year.\"He said his optimism for foreign direct investment in the multi-brand retail sector was based on the fact that it was on the government's agenda and was held up due to political reasons.Basu said there was urgent need to initiate reforms such as diesel price deregulation. It was decided by the government in-principal in June 2010 to deregulate motor fuels, including phasing out subsidies on diesel. But it was never implemented, the chief economic advisor said.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012, Rail Budget 2012 , Pre Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12284799", "title": "Buyers cry foul as flat allotments cancelled", "text": "NOIDA: Even though builders had promised homebuyers in Noida Extension that they would not be affected by the land row, many of them have started getting cancellation letters of their allotted flats. Earlier, only small builders had sent such letters to buyers, but now it seems even the major developers have joined in.A large number of buyers, who claim that they had been given allotment letters for flats after paying 10% of the basic sale price, have now been allegedly handed cancellation letters without any notice. Builders, on the other hand, claim that only those allotments have been cancelled in which payments were not made as per conditions, apart from those who defaulted on payments before the land dispute broke out.\"I was allotted a flat after paying 10% of the basic sale price a few weeks before the land row started,\" said Mahesh Jha, who booked a 2BHK flat in Ecovillage-II. \"No demand letter for further payments was issued. Suddenly, in the first week of March, I was issued a cancellation letter,\" added Jha.Such letters have been issued only to those buyers who had booked flats by paying 10% or less of the total price before the land acquisition row broke out. Buyers allege that developers have cancelled their bookings on flimsy grounds. \"The builder says that we had not made the payment on the total cost of the flat,\" said Dr Gyanesh Sharma, a Ghaziabad-based homoeopath, who has booked a 2BHK flat in Ecovillage-I.The total cost of a flat is calculated by adding placement-location charges, parking charges and other costs to the basic sale price. The total cost is a few thousand rupees higher than the basic sale price.After the land acquisition row broke out, there were instances when small developers, who were not CREDAI members, had handed out demand letters to homebuyers asking them to cough up pending instalments or face cancellation of flats. However, this is the first instance that a major developer has handed out cancellation letters to existing homebuyers.Developers, meanwhile, say that cancellation letters have been issued only to those who have not paid as per conditions of the sale agreement. \"We issued cancellation letters only to those who booked flats by paying a part of the booking amount,\" said RK Arora, MD of Supertech. \"Moreover, buyers who defaulted on payments before the land row broke out have been issued cancellation letters. We sent regular reminders to them and records have been maintained. Cancellation letters have not been issued to any customer whose payment is up-to-date and has been made as per the terms and conditions,\" said Arora.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12289139", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee: No problem in rollback of speech", "text": "NEW DELHI: Injecting a note of levity in his sombre budget presentation, a smiling finance minister Pranab Mukherjee told the Lok Sabha Friday that he had no problem in a \"rollback of the speech\".Mukherjee, who had to interrupt his reading of the budget because some members of the house could not hear it properly, offered to read some paras again. \"Rollback of the speech, no problem,\" Mukherjee said, smiling broadly, as the house interrupted in laughter.The reference was, of course, to the rail budget where United Progressive Alliance (UPA) ally Trinamool Congress has asked for a rollback of the hike in passenger tariff.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12285788", "title": "Wider roads proposed for Gorai-Manori", "text": "MUMBAI: The Gorai-Manori region could get wider roads and higher buildings if the state agrees to recommendations made for the area's draft development plan.MMRDA commissioner Rahul Asthana said he has received requests for changes in the suggestions and objections. A list of final recommendations will be sent shortly to the state government after scrutinizing these requests. The MMRDA's draft development plan, seeking to make the area into a tourism zone, was announced recently. There were over 16,000 objections and suggestions by local residents and organizations. Asthana said the locals have made it clear that they are not interested in building of new roads in the area.MMRDA officials said the suggestions to be made to the government related to extra FSI for organizations in the area, change in user for no-development zone to tourism zone, widening of roads and development of new roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12287644", "title": "Union Budget 2012-13: Pranab increases allocation for agriculture by 18%", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has hiked the spending in agriculture by 18%.Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee announced a substantial increase in the allocation for agriculture sector in his Budget speech.Pranab Mukherjee praised the growth in the agriculture sector at the beginning of his Budget speech.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12284365", "title": "Head constables reverted to original posts", "text": "PANAJI: Goa police department on Thursday issued an order to revert back 498 head constables to their original postings.A total of 690 police personnel were transferred on directions of the Election Commission of India to ensure free and fair elections in the state.\"We have issued an order to transfer back 498 police head constables to their original positions,\" said deputy inspector general of police Ravindra Yadav. Most of the policemen transferred were either serving in their home district or at the same police station for more than 5 years.Just before the elections, in a transfer order issued, 84 PSIs were transferred. In another order issued by the police headquarters, 498 head constables and 108 assistant sub-inspectors were also transferred. \"We have not issued any order to revert the 84 PSIs and 108 assistant sub-inspectors,\" sources in police department said.The transfer orders were issued after the police establishment board decided that they should strictly follow the Election commission guidelines.It may be recalled that, agitated over the transfer of 498 policemen, family members of policemen demanded cancellation of the transfer order. The family members, under the banner of family members of policemen (FMP) submitted a memorandum to the state election commission to cancel the transfer of 498 policemen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12283555", "title": "Fare hike to raise funds for Didi's pet projects?", "text": "KOLKATA: Mamata Banerjee may have opposed Dinesh Trivedi's decision to raise passenger fares, but experts believe that many of the projects in Bengal that are very close to her heart may not see the light of day unless the railways starts generating revenue internally.The Expert Group for Modernization of Indian Railways, headed by Sam Pitroda, made it clear in its report that the ministry would need to raise over Rs 200,000 crore as internal revenue in the next five years for modernization alone. An additional Rs 250,000 will have to be provided as Gross Budgetary Support by the Centre. While Trivedi sought Rs 45,000 crore from the Centre for 2012-13, he also took measures to increase internal revenue generation by raising fares. The minister hopes to earn Rs 36,073 crore from passengers in 2012-13. The earning from passengers is expected to be Rs 28,800 crore in 2011-12 (as per revised estimates).Trivedi has not only decided to pump in over Rs 4,000 crore for the ongoing Metro projects in Kolkata, but funds for other ongoing works in the state. Many of these were proposed by Mamata herself, when she was railways minister. These include Rs 25 crore for the Tamluk-Digha, Deshapran-Nandigram lines and allocation of funds for development of Santragachi and Shalimar into passenger terminals and Sankrail into a freight terminal. Nearly Rs 450 crore has been allotted for track renewal in various stretches of South Eastern Railway.An additional Rs 39.86 crore has been earmarked for development of signaling and telecommunications under SER. Trivedi has also allotted Rs 8 crore for setting up of a coach rehab workshop at Anara and Rs 2 crore for development of major coaching maintenance facilities at Padmapukur. It needs to be mentioned that the allocations for these projects for 2011-12 were Rs 4.12 crore and Rs 3.18 lakh respectively.Several projects under Eastern Railway have also received the railways minister's support. These include the Lakshmikantapur-Namkhana-Chandanagar stretch, Tarakeswar-Bishnupur line and the stretches between Tarakeswar-Magra and Tarakeswar-Furfura Sharif. Funds have also been allotted for the 17.37km Hasnabad-Hingalganj link. Trivedi has allotted funds for doubling of tracks in the 4.98 km Circular Railway stretch between Prinsep Ghat and Majerhat and the Sonarpur-Canning and the Kalikapur-Minakhan (via Ghatakpur0 stretches. Doubling of tracks between Ghutiari Sharif and Canning - as announced by Mamata - also received Rs 35 crore in the 2012-13 budget. The Dakshin Barasat-Lakshmikantapur doubling and new line between Joynagar and Raidighi also received budgetary support. Funds have also been allocated for doubling of Circular Railway tracks between Tala and Prinsep Ghat.A flyover at Dum Dum to ease congestion was proposed by Mamata but the allocation in 2011-12 was Rs 50 lakh. In comparison, Trivedi has allocated Rs 2 crore for it. Officials believe that the sum will suffice for preparatory work. The project cost is Rs 231 crore. Trivedi has also allocated Rs 2 crore for initial work on a proposed freight terminal at Dankuni. Though proposed by Mamata, the allocation in 2010-11 was Rs 1.71 crore.The railway minister has also allocated Rs 10 crore for development of a terminal station in Barrackpore. The total allocation for track renewal under ER for this fiscal is Rs 374 crore. Though the new rail coach manufacturing unit in Kanchrapara - another pet project of Mamata - is to come up on a PPP basis, Trivedi has allotted Rs 10 crore towards it. Officials said that the funds will be required during finalizing the partnership.\"The railway minister was not exaggerating when he said that he was doing a tightrope walk. The railways is going through a severe funds crunch. Having raised freight rates before the budget, Trivedi was left with no other option but to raise passenger fares. In 2010-11, 65% of revenue came in from freight while passengers accounted for only 27%. Of this, 37% went towards staff wages and allowances and 17% was used to pay for fuel. Just 2% was spent of development. Things were different this time round. Pitroda's expert group has outlined an investment of Rs 839,000 crore in the next five years for modernization while the high level committee on safety headed by Anil Kakodkar recommended that no new trains should be introduced without infrastructural upgrade. Apart from meeting day-to-day expenses, Trivedi will have to set aside a huge chunk of revenue for modernization. The only other option would have been allocating no funds for existing projects,\" an officer said.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12283506", "title": "Saba, Sharmila in Bhopal to resolve Rubaat controversy", "text": "BHOPAL: A fatwa which may have put an end on the Bhopal rubaat (guest house) controversy has been swept under the rug in the Bhopal Qaziyat. Madhya Pradesh Wakf board chairman Gufran-e-Azam had approached the Bhopal qaziyat seeking a directive whether a Saudi Arabian national should in any way have a link with Bhopal to hold power of attorney on behalf of Auquaf-e-Shahi to look after the Rubaats in Medina.Nawab Mansoor Ali Khan had appointed his daughter Saba Sultan as Auqaf-e-Shahi Mutawalli or custodian, who along with her mother Sharmila Tagore would reach Bhopal on Friday to resolve the issue.The Rubaat assumes significance for Haj pilgrims of Bhopal whose stay during the pilgrimage is managed by Auqaf-e-Shahi free of charge. There are four major Bhopal Rubaats in the cities of Mecca and Medina.Azam in his application on January 9, had asked for a clarification whether a fiduciary of the bigger rubaat of Bhopal situated in Sayyadah Medina al Moniwarah (Saudi Arabia) must have an association with Bhopal.Sources say contrary to popular perception being created the fiduciary deed does not require the appointed power of attorney or Naazir of Bhopal rubaat to be a person linked with Bhopal. Meanwhile, a fatwa to the application is not being passed.However, on December 31, last year Bhopal Mufti Abul Kalam issued a fatwa proclaiming that a Saudi citizen with association to Bhopal should be the Naazir or power of attorney of the Bhopal rubaat in Holy cities of mecca and medina.The fatwa was applied for by Khurshid Mohammed Khan asking if a person with links to Bhopal person should be preferred as Naazir considering the long standing precedents. Auqaf-e-Shahi (royal wakf) sent a delegation to Saudia Arabia comprising Sheher-Qazi Syed Mustaq Ali, Mufti Abul Kalam, Sikander Hafiz Khan. \"They were sent to evaluate the situation. They were not given the authority to elect a new Naazir. It is Auqaf-e-Shahi's decision to make,\" said a former aide of Nawab Pataudi, seeking anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12284935", "title": "Ten arrested for riots in Sarda Circle", "text": "NASHIK: The Bhadrakali police have arrested 10 persons in connection with the riot in Sarda Circle. The police said that seven suspects were nabbed on Wednesday night, while three more were picked up on Thursday morning.Ward 39 has been in the eye of the storm since the Nashik Municipal Corporation elections on February 16. Mushir Sayyad (former Samajwadi Party corporator) lost the election to Gulzar Kokni ( MNS) by nearly 1,800 votes. However, Sayyad did not accept the outcome of the result and suspecting foul play by his opponents, filed a petition in the court. On Wednesday, the court rejected the petition, which sparked off celebrations among supporters of Kokni.According to reports, Kokni's supporters started bursting firecrackers in the Sarda Circle area on Wednesday after the court's decision. Mushir Sayyad's office is in the same area. Sayyad's supporters reportedly were offended and a riot broke out between the two groups. Subsequently, both groups reached the Bhadrakali police station, and the cops drove away the supporters of both groups.Some youths in the group damaged a car parked in front of the Mahatma Phule Market and roughed up the driver. Being a sensitive area, rumours of a riot spread rapidly through Bhadrakali area. A mediaperson was also allegedly manhandled.After getting information about the disturbances, CP Kulkwant Kumar, DCP Sahebrao Patil, DCP DS Swami, ACP Ganesh Shinde and others officials rushed to the spot with a posse of police and brought the situation under control.Cross complaints in this regard have been lodged at the Bhadrakali police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12290681", "title": "Adaa to seduce Danish in Amrit Manthan", "text": "TV shows are getting bolder by the day. After the first lip lock of Indian television between Ram Kapoor and Sakshi Tanwar in Bade Achhe Laggte Hain, here comes another bold sequence featuring a seductive song to be telecast in producer Rajan Shahi's Amrit Manthan.The lead couple of the showwill perform to Janewale Zara Ruk Jaa from Anil Kapoor-Sridevi starrer Roop Ki Raani Choron Ka Raja which will be aired tomorrow . And with what we have heard from our khabroo, this one is a rather steamy hot sequence where Danish Bhat (Adhiraj Singh) and Amrit ( Adaa Khan) will get cosy during the song. Amrit seduces Danish to figure out if he is impotent. \"Adhiraj is a divorcee and is impotent. When Amrit comes to know about this, she tries to cross-check it. She will come to my bed room and will seduce me,\" says Danish. We hope that along with the temperature, the sequence sets the TRPs soaring too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12283595", "title": "Haemovigilance key to improving transfusion chain", "text": "BHOPAL: Unwanted blood transfusion is dangerous, warned United Kingdom's national health service blood and transplant consultant Dr Jean F Harrison at a seminar organised at the Gandhi Medical College (GMC).Consultant Haematologist Dr Harrison said haemovigilance network can be taken up as a pilot project in Bhopal. Haemovigilance is required to identify and prevent occurrence or recurrence of transfusion-related unwanted events.\"It increases safety, efficacy and efficiency of blood transfusion, covering all activities of transfusion chain from donor to recipient,\" she added.The pilot project is being envisaged for 50 hospitals in Bhopal. The project is being backed by Gandhi Medical College (GMC) and Bhopal Memorial Hospital and Research Centre (BMHRC).\"The haemovigilance system should involve all relevant stakeholders with a guaranteed no blame policy,\" explained Indian Association of Pathologists and Microbiologists (IAPM) president Dr Neelkamal Kapoor.\"Under the project, staff and organisations would be encouraged to report adverse events and near misses that may affect blood quality and safety and other safety concerns related to blood transfusion,\" said BMHRC Blood Bank in-charge Dr Manisha Shrivastava.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12283064", "title": "Woman held for ad executive's abduction", "text": "MUMBAI: The police on Thursday arrested a 45-year-old woman and her son-in-law for planning the abduction of Pratik Pathare (22), from outside his ad agency office on Goregaon-Mulund Link Road in Mulund (W) around 10.30pm on Tuesday.Pathare's father, Vijay, had failed to repay Rs 30 lakh Jaya Pillai had lent him to invest in the share market three months ago. Vijay used the money for personal work and gave excuses when Pillai enquired the status of the investment.\"Pillai confessed she and Nair planned the crime to recover the money given to Pratik's father. She claimed she approached a Mumbai-based builder (name withheld) to hire seven men to abduct Pratik. We are tracking down the builder's identity,\" Mulund police senior inspector Jivajirao Jadhav said.Vijay refused comment. He initially misled investigators saying it was a property dispute. \"Later, he revealed he incurred losses and was forced to divert Pillai's fund. He claimed to have repaid Rs12 lakhand promised to repay the balance soon. The matter will be cleared once Pillai and Nair are interrogated,\" the police said.Around 10.30pm on Tuesday, the victim was forced into an SUV from where he takes an autorickshaw. The officer said the abductors seem to have known the victim's daily schedule.The accused was tracked down after investigators traced a call to Pune which the victim's father received from a woman demanding to repay the money.Wasting no time, Jadhav formed a team of assistant inspector Pandrinath Patil and detection staffs -- Kadam, Khilari, Jadhav and woman police constable Aaraj -- combed the entire locality at Borhade Vasti in Sanjay Gandhi Nagar, Pune, for over four hours and arrested Pillai and Nair from a building but there was no trace of the victim.The two initially did not reveal the whereabouts of the victim. Few hours later they confessed to their crime and told that the victim is in custody of the hired men who are at Pimpri-Chinchwad locality. Prompt action was taken by the assistant commissioner of police (Mulund division) Mahadev Gundewadi who with the help of his batchmates who are in Pune police blocked the entry and exit point in Pune so that the victim is not taken out of the city.On Thursday morning the hired men called Pillai and enquired that what they should do with the victim. \"Pillai informed her hired men to release the victim as they are in police custody. The victim was released at a place called Loni in Ahmednagar. He reached Pune from where police took him and along with the two accused reached Mumbai late on Thursday evening,\" said the investigators.The accused will be produced before the court on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12284328", "title": "Corporation budgt: Infrastructure development given priority", "text": "MADURAI: The corporation budget of Madurai has laid considerable stress on the improvement of infrastructure in the corporation limits with a variety of projects listed in the budget. Residents facing heavy traffic congestion at Goripalayam junction and Periyar junction can breathe easy as the budget has set aside Rs 75 crore for the construction of flyovers at these junctions.\"We have proposed nine flyovers in the city to ease the traffic congestion in the city and these two will be taken up immediately as the both junctions come under the corporation jurisdiction. The other flyovers should be constructed in collaboration with the highways and other departments,\" mayor V V Rajan Chellappa said during his budget speech.For the improvement of roads in the city, Rs 83.14 crores has been set aside in which concrete roads will be constructed for Rs 5.52 crores, Rs 65.20 crore for metal roads while Rs 12.42 has been allotted for other roads. Under the Tamil Nadu Urban Road and Infrastructure Fund, Rs 4.05 has been allocated for the corporation. Rs 36.80 lakhs has been earmarked for concrete roads, Rs 3.41 crore for metal roads and Rs 26.95 lakhs for paver block roads to be laid in the corporation limits. As part of the investment works from the general fund, Rs 6.05 crore has been set aside for roads in which Rs 2 crore has been allotted for concrete roads, Rs 3 crore for metal roads and Rs 1.05 crore for other type of roads.Other road works and sub-way projects in the pipeline include a subway for Rs 10 crore and bridges and rail overbridges for the tune of Rs 75 crores in the city limits. An estimation of Rs 241 crore has been prepared for the approval of the state government which will cover the construction of a ring road for the stretch of 17 km near Samayanallur, west of Madurai - Trichy national highway for the cost of Rs 120 crores. The existing ring road near the airport will be extended to 24.20 km due to the airport expansion and will be upgraded as four way lines for the tune of Rs 121 crore.The corporation has also set aside Rs 70 crore for the construction of a bus stand for Omni-buses at Mattuthavani and a lorry terminal for another Rs 85 crore. A multi-level car parking at the cost of Rs 80 crore has also been planned. As announced by the chief minister earlier, the corporation will construct a permanent daily market near Mattuthavani spread over 26 acres with the project cost of Rs 83 crore. The corporation will be collaborating with Agro-products Marketing Board for the purpose. With private contribution, an air-conditioned commercial complex will be constructed near Mattuthavani as well. \"With these measures, we are trying to make Madurai city free from traffic congestion,\" the mayor told media persons later.Much to the cheer of ward counsellors, the budget proposed the construction of ward offices for Rs 5 lakh each and another Rs 5 lakh as the counsellor development fund for each corporation counsellor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12285207", "title": "It took 12 hours to douse godown fire", "text": "PUNE: The Pune fire brigade took almost 12 hours to completely douse the fire that had broken out in a footwear godown in the basement of a building in Bhavani Peth on Wednesday.The chief fire officer of the Pune fire brigade, Prashant Ranpise, told TOI that the fire was completely doused only around 7 am on Thursday. The 3,000 sq ft godown was packed with shoes made of leather and plastic material. \"It was difficult to clear the smoke since there was no ventilation in the basement of Vishwanath apartments,\" he said.Ranpise said the owner of the godown had made several compartments in the godown. \"By the time our men managed to control the fire in one compartment, the material in another compartment would go up in flames. This greatly delayed our operation.\"The firemen first broke the slab above the basement and started pouring water to douse the fire. \"When we found that the material was still burning, we made two more holes in the slab. We also broke the side walls of the godown and started spraying water,\" Ranpise added.He said that four tankers of the fire brigade were continuously bringing water to the spot. \"Around 7 am, we managed to douse the fire completely. The godown was filled with water by then, so we had to pump it out as well.\"The smoke that spread due to the fire in the basement of the apartment, caused damage inside 14 flats in the 'B' wing of the building. The walls of the apartments as well as furniture and utensils were coated with soot.Nitin Adep, who lives on the first floor, told TOI, \"The television set, washing machine and furniture are covered by a thick coat of soot. We will not be able to stay in the flat for the next 15 days. In fact, my son's text books were also damaged and he has his exams beginning next week.\"Adep said the fire had heated up the walls in the entire building and people had to seek shelter elsewhere - with relatives and friends. \"The godown owner, Datta Kamble, has promised that he will pay for the damage caused.\"Kamble told TOI that the godown was packed with goods and that he had not yet calculated the exact figure of his loss. He admitted that there were no fire extinguishers inside the godown and that the reason of the fire was still not known.Meanwhile, the condition of three people rescued by firemen on Wednesday is stable, the police said. Senior police inspector of Samarth police station Sanjay Bhambure said the police will register an offence after getting the report from the fire brigade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12283388", "title": "From US with love: Gay sex literature for Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court, which is hearing intense arguments both for and against Delhi high court's historic decision to decriminalize consensual adult gay sex in private, recently received gift boxes for its judges all the way from the US.The boxes contained printed material on homosexuality, its traits and legal implications, which is being dealt with in great detail by a bench of Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhay.For the past month, day-to-day hearing on appeals against the HC's July 9, 2009 judgment had attracted many foreign students and scholars. Watching the proceedings from the visitors' gallery, they were seen breaking into animated discussions when the judges attempted to dig deep into the legal aspects of the issue relating to decriminalization of Section 377 of Indian Penal Code.But someone from the US thought of providing inputs to the process of judicial adjudication of the petitions in an innovative way and posted gift boxes full of material on homosexuality not only to the judges hearing the appeals but to all the judges in the apex court.The Supreme Court Registry, as a practice, does not accept gifts for the judges. But in this case, it made a departure and delivered the gift boxes to the judges.Narrating the unusual incident on Thursday, Justice Singhvi said, \"Some interesting thing happened when the case was being heard by the court. Someone from the US sent boxes for Supreme Court judges. Normally, the Registry does not accept such things. In this case, the Registry accepted it and circulated these among the judges. I refused to accept it and returned it back to the Registry without opening the box. But I was told by my colleague judge that it contained material regarding this case.\"The attempt to provide inputs to the lively discussions taking place before the bench did not achieve its objective as Justice Singhvi did not even open the gift box. But the judges on the bench will not be short of material as a battery of senior advocates - Amarendra Saran, additional solicitor general Mohan Jain, Fali Nariman, Anand Grover, Shyam Divan and Ashok Desai - have already provided reams on the issue to the court, both for and against.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12285802", "title": "Mhada man put in Rs 200 crore in firms", "text": "MUMBAI: Suspended Mhada deputy collector Nitesh Janardan Thakur has invested an additional Rs 39 crore in properties, the anti-corruption bureau has said. Raiding his house, the ACB found 10kg of gold ornaments, documents showing investments in shops, a beer bar, beauty parlour and bank accounts and fixed deposits.Thakur was booked under the Prevention of Corruption Act for amassing properties beyond his means. The ACB has also charged Thakur's wife Minal, mother Chaya and brother Nilesh as co-accused who aided and abetted Thakur in amassing properties in their names. Thakur was produced before the Alibaug ACB court on Thursday.In their remand application, the ACB said Thakur has invested more than Rs 200 crore in various companies which need to be probed and hence they require his custody. The court has remanded Thakur in police custody till March 22. Prima facie, the ACB has found that Thakur, who had salary of Rs 28,000, had amassed properties worth Rs 118 crore during 10 years of government service.\"Searches are going on. It is a time consuming process and it is too early to comment,\" said an ACB official.A search at Thakur's duplex flat of Thakur led the ACB to unearth several bank accounts and huge transactions between two builders. There are unexplainable transactions of Rs 5 crore between Thakur and one Rajan Borde. \"All transactions will be taken into account and we will call all those who are connected directly or indirectly with Thakur,\" added the official.The police said Thakur's trust and few companies, including Lucky Angel group, is under the ACB scanner. The income tax department is also conducting a probe into Thakur's assets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "12286051", "title": "Rehabilitation proposal in store for Bhimgad villagers", "text": "BELGAUM: The forest department is contemplating rehabilitation of hamlets created from newly-declared Bhimgad Wildlife Sanctuary (BWS) in an attempt to consolidate wildlife habitat. The department is planning to send a proposal to the government requesting a special package in this regard.Around 13 hamlets and private lands are enclosed within the boundaries of BWS. At present, the villagers are living in harsh conditions - no road connectivity, lack of schools, cattle and crop depredation by wild animals, human and animal conflicts and restrictions on developmental activities in the forest area.Girish Hosur, deputy conservator of forests, said it was better to relocate the villagers by providing fair compensation packages. Hosur, who prepared the five-year management plan for the BWS and will submit it soon to the government, said the relocation would help the animals survive with larger forest space covers devoid of any interference, he said.According to him, relocation of the population should be done in phases. The remote hamlets such as Mendil, Holda, Pali and Krishnapur should be taken in the first phase as there are only 10-15 households there. In the second phase, Amagaon, Pastoli, Jamgaon, Talewadi and Degaon should be taken up followed by Gavali, Kongla, Hemmadaga and Abnali in the third phase.In the management plan, Hosur mentioned that most villagers had migrated to Goa in search of employment. But, those villagers who had stayed back, Hosur said, practiced subsistence agriculture by growing paddy and other millets. Primitive and uneconomical agriculture practices were being adopted in these villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12287637", "title": "Union Budget 2012-13: Income tax exemption limit raised to Rs 2 lakh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Disappointing a large section of income tax payers in the country, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee made a small raise in the exemption limit in his Budget speech.Pranab Mukherjee raised the exemption limit for income tax by just Rs 20,000 from Rs 1,80000 to Rs 2 lakh.The new tax slabs are as follows:Up to Rs 2 lakh: No taxFrom Rs 2 lakh to 5 lakh: 10%From Rs 5 lakh to 10 lakh: 20%Above Rs 10 lakh: 30%Promise to curb black money, major push on infrastructure, capital market reforms and huge subsidy cut were among the other proposals listed by Pranab Mukherjee in the Union Budget for 2012-13.The revision in tax slabs will give some direct tax relief to individuals, even as eating out, buying luxury cars, air travel, availing some professional services and investing in gold jewellery will become costlier.Presenting his 7th budget in the Lok Sabha on Friday, the finance minister said the exemption limit for personal income tax was being enhanced from Rs 1,80,000 to Rs 2,00,000, even as the limit for peak rate was being raised to Rs 10,00,000 from Rs 8,00,000.\"This will provide tax relief of Rs 2,000 to every tax payer,\" the finance minister said, adding: \"My proposal on direct taxes will result in a revenue loss of Rs 4,500 crore.\"He also announced new tax slabs under which income up to Rs 2,00,000 would be totally exempt, levy 10 percent for Rs 2,00,000 to Rs 5,00,000, then 20 percent for Rs 5,00,000 to Rs 10,00,000 and 30 percent for income above Rs 10,00,000.For the corporate sector, he said, while the tax rates were remaining unchanged, he assured cheaper access to funds for expansion, even as he tinkered with the excise rates and customs duties for specific items.He proposed to raise the service tax rate to 12 percent from the present 10 percent.In the speech, which started at 11 am and lasted 110 minutes, Mukherjee listed a slew of proposals that ranged from social welfare schemes and incentivising industry to fiscal consolidation and sector-specific reforms.Assuring further liberalisation of capital markets, he announced a new equity savings scheme to extend income tax deduction of 50 percent to those who invest up to Rs 50,000 in equities and whose annual income is less than Rs 10 lakh.The finance minister started his speech with the cascading effect of the global slowdown on India, but yet assuring people that there were clear signs of a recovery which should see the country grow at 7.6 percent in 2012-12, against 6.9 percent this fiscal.\"The global crisis has affected us. India's gross domestic product (GDP) is expected to grow at 6.9 percent in 2011-12, after having grown at 8.4 percent in each of the two preceding years,\" the finance minister said.\"Though we have been able to limit the adverse impact of the slowdown in our economy, this year's performance has been disappointing. But it is also a fact that in any cross-country comparison, India still remains among the front-runners in economic growth.\"At the same time, Mukherjee also said the Indian economy was at the cusp of a revival, as agriculture and services have continued to grow at a decent pace. It was industrial performance that was acting as a drag.\"While we do not have the aggregate figures for the last quarter of 2011-12, numerous indicators pertaining to this period suggest that the economy is now turning around. There are signs of recovery in coal, fertiliser, cement and electricity sectors.\"(Inputs from IANS)Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12285425", "title": "Women can work 24x7: Gurgaon police chief", "text": "GURGAON: Gurgaon police commissioner K K Sindhu said on Thursday that women could work at any time, even night shifts, without fear.He, however, said employers have to provide transport to women employees who work at night. Sindhu added that a dedicated 24x7 helpline for women - 0124-2335100 - had been started.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12286014", "title": "Unsolved crime cases leave police fuming", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The image of men-in-khaki has taken a beating due to recent spurt in incidents of crime, be it the double murder of two friends including an army jawan in Naini police circle or the killing of three persons including a couple and their driver in a Khiri village.The district police are finding it difficult to work out pending sensational crime cases including Mumfordganj Rs 44 lakh loot cum double murder, Civil Lines diamond merchant loot cum murder case and recent Rs 30 lakh dacoity at a jewellers shop near Tashkent marg, an unprecedented rise in the cases of murder and loot has left the entire police machinery puzzled.While DIG Prakash D has issued a set of fresh directives to his subordinates to check the rising crime graph, unsolved cases piling up with police stations are giving sleepless nights to commoners as well as cops.\"This is a new trend in Sangam city and a very dangerous one. Such incidents were unheard of in the district and it is a matter of grave concern,\" said Vijay Arora , general secretary, Prayag Vyapaar Mandal while taking to TOI .He added that these things normally take place in eastern UP districts but the city is fast getting a criminal hub. He was of the view that a sudden spurt in crime cases especially dacoities has left the trading community speechless.However, traders units have unanimously demanded police authorities to install CCTV set at all prime market locations as well as adequate patrolling plans so that the activities of criminals could be checked.Meanwhile, Arora maintained that the traders organizations would be holding a series of protest on streets as police authorities have failed to protect their rights while the criminals are operating at their wish.On Wednesday, traders have demanded police authorities to install CCTV sets in all prime locations including Chowk, Katra, Civil Lines, Ghantaghar and Kothaparcha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12284558", "title": "Kamat resigns as SAG general body and governing council president", "text": "PANAJI: Former chief minister Digambar Kamat tendered his resignation as president of the general body and governing council of the Sports Authority of Goa (SAG). The state government conveyed its acceptance of the resignation.The secretary for sports and youth affairs has been entrusted with the routine work of the sag president with immediate effect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12284191", "title": "GATE 2012 result announced", "text": "KOLKATA: Two students from the city have pipped 6.86 lakh examinees across the country to clinch the second and the third ranks in the Graduate Aptitude Test in Engineering (GATE). While Aniket Singha secured the all-India second spot in Electronics and Communication, Suprovat Ghoshal ranked third in Computer Science.The results of the GATE exam were announced on Thursday, about 32 days after it was held on February 12.\"The increase in the number of GATE examinees (from 5.58 lakh last year) can be attributed to the fact that many top PSUs like BHEL, NTPC and IOC are recruiting graduate engineers through GATE from this year,\" said a senior faculty member of a coaching centre that offers tuitions for the examination.\"My rank in WBJEE was 21. I aimed to rank within the first 80 in GATE just to avoid the interview and get a direct entry to the Indian Institute of Technology ( IIT) Mumbai. I am happy to have achieved my target. I am studying electronics and telecommunications and would want to study Micro-electronics and VLSI from IIT-Mumbai,\" said an elated Aniket.Aniket wants to continue his career as an academic. \"If I score well, then I would want to do a PhD from the Indian Statistical Institute after completing my Masters courses. At the moment, I believe there are a lot of good institutes offering higher education in this country. Thus, I have no plans to go abroad,\" he added.However, it's not that Aniket spend all his time among his books. He also has an ambition of learning to play guitar. \"In my spare time, I like computer gaming though programming the games is not my forte. Listening to fast tracks of the West is my favourite past times,\" he said.Suprovat, a student of a private engineering college in Salt Lake, was disappointed to see his WBJEE rank at 1077. \"It was a big disappointment. But I did not allow it to hamper my dreams. I was always confident to pursue masters from a good institute. Now, bagging the third place will allow me to give a shot at the IITs and also Indian Institute of Science in Bangalore,\" he said.The third ranker added, \"I would want to continue my studies in Computer Science which is also my stream in Btech.\"An ardent reader, Suprovat had dedicated eight hours everyday to prepare for GATE. \"It was a tad difficult since I was attending my college classes as well. But I did find time to prepare for all subjects. My paper score is 82.33 out of 100 while the combined mark is 1,000 out of 1,000,\" he said.Suprovat is an alumnus of St Xaviers' High School in Sodepur. \"I play guitar and earlier used to be a part of a rock band. Now, I like watching movies and reading fiction as and when time permits,\" he added. The son of an MNC employee, Suprabhat may pursue higher studies in a university abroad. \"The result is a pleasant surprise and it will take some time for me to sink in the feeling,\" he said, all smiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "12286140", "title": "'Spurious' toddy kills four", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Barely a month after at least 40 people died in the spurious liquor tragedy near Bhubaneswar and Cuttack, at least four persons, including a woman, died at Sikulapadara village in Gajapati district after suspected consumption of spurious toddy on Wednesday night.While one of the victims died during treatment at a medical centre in Mohana, three others breathed their last on the way to the hospital, sources said. Four more people of the same village were admitted to MKCG medical college and hospital here. Their condition is said to be stable, medical sources said.The deceased were identified as Usharani Nayak (65), Sarat Nayak (45), Kailash Mali (28) and Anadi Bagsingh (60). All of them died within an hour of consuming the toddy, which is suspected to have been spurious, unofficial sources said.Gajapati collector R P Singh said investigation is on to ascertain the circumstances leading to the deaths. Inquiry is being conducted separately by additional district magistrate, police, excise and health officers. \"We are also awaiting postmortem reports to find out the cause of the deaths,\" the collector said.\"We suspect the people died due to food poisoning,\" said Gajapati chief district medical officer P K Behera, however.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12284228", "title": "Several IPS officers likely to be promoted", "text": "PATNA: The Department Promotion Committee (DPC) of the state home department has cleared names of IPS officers for promotion to senior ranks.The officers who have been found fit for promotion are IG (operations) Rajesh Chandra (1985 batch) to ADG rank, all IPS officers of 1994 batch such as Anupama Nilekar, Paresh Saxena, Amit Kumar, N K Azad, Baldeo Prasad and Shailesh Kumar Singh (all DIGs) are likely to be promoted to IG rank. Kundan Krishnan who is on Central deputation would be given paper promotion along with fellow batch mates.Again, 1997 batch officers who have been considered for promotion to DIG rank are SSP (Patna) Alok Kumar, SP (Special Branch) Ajitabh Kumar, SSP (Bhagalpur) Sanjay Singh, SP (SHRC) Vinod Kumar and SP (Vigilance) Z H Khan.The DPC has also cleared names of 1998 batch IPS officers for promotion to selection grade. According to sources, the promotion and posting of these IPS officers would most likely take place after the ongoing legislative assembly session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12290435", "title": "Union Budget 2012-13: GST to be operational by August 2012", "text": "NEW DELHI: In his Union Budget 2012-13 speech finance minister Pranab Mukherjee said that the Goods and Services tax (GST) will be operational by August 2012.A Constitution (115th Amendment) Bill has been introduced in the Lok Sabha in March 2011 to enable Parliament and state legislatures to make laws for levying GST on every transaction of supply of goods or services or both.Some goods, namely crude petroleum, diesel, petrol, aviation turbine fuel, natural gas and alcohol are not to come under the purview of the GST.The constitutional amendment bill also seeks to empower the President to set up within 60 days of the passage of the legislation, a GST Council with the union Finance Minister as chairperson and union Minister of State for Revenue and Finance Ministers of all the states as members.The GST Council is to work on the basis of consensus and make recommendations on issues like GST rates, exemption lists, and threshold limits. Further, the bill provides for setting up of a GST dispute settlement authority, comprising a chairperson and two members to resolve disputes arising out of deviations from the recommendations of the GST Council either by the central or state governments. The draft Bill has since been referred to the Parliamentary Committee on Finance for examinationAmong the other steps that are being taken for the introduction of the GST is the establishment of a strong information technology (IT) infrastructure. For this purpose the government has set up an Empowered Group headed by Nandan Nilekani, Chairman, Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI). Significant progress has been made in the conceptualization and design of the GST Network (GSTN) - a common portal for the centre and states that will enable electronic processing of the key business processes of registration, returns, and payments. For this purpose, the structure of these processes is in advanced stages of finalization.The National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) has been selected as technology partner for incubating the National Information Utility that will establish and operate the IT backbone for the GST. In this regard the NSDL has set up a pilot project in collaboration with eleven states prior to its roll-out across the country.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "davanagere", "code": "12286068", "title": "Water or no water, Jagalur continues to be parched", "text": "DAVANAGERE: Jagalur is a nature-cursed taluk. Be it the non-potable water in some districts or scarcity of water in others, people of this drought-hit region are suffering from ill health.Most villages here in Jagalur taluk have been hit by a spate of bad luck. The presence of fluorides, nitrates and total dissolved solids, found in excessive limits, in the groundwater levels has made the water unfit for human consumption. The villagers from Siddayyanakote have been suffering from allergies, diseases and various ailments after consumption of the non-potable water for the past five years.Although the problem was brought to the notice of the village panchayat and zilla parishad authorities, no solution has come about, said Bheemanna, a member of Karnataka Rajya Raitha Sangha ( KRRS) in the village.In Venkateshpura, another village in Jagalur, the story is not much different as people have been reported to be suffering from chronic body pain of the joints and muscles. The unsuitable drinking water has left people, at the age of 35, with tuberculosis, said Natraj Naik.With the distinct presence of toxic elements in the borewell waters, such as fluoride with excess of total dissolved solids, authorities have been unable to tackle the problem of the villagers, said Sujendra Naik, a villager from Venkateshpura.\"The women of Palanayakana kote have been spending sleepless nights as they are facing acute shortage of drinking water. Though a borewell was sunk in their village, the water could not be consumed as it was brackish in nature and contained excessive limits of salts. Now, the villagers have abandoned the source and bring water from far-off places,\" said Eramma, a GP member.In Suraddihalli, many villagers have not been able to construct their houses following scarcity of water in the region. Power shortage is attributed as the main reason for no supply of water. Since the villagers get only three hours of power, especially in a single phase, the time isn't sufficient for them to lift water from their borewells, said Manjunath, a farmer.\"We bring water from our field as the borewell water in our village is dirty and cannot be consumed ,\" said Soubhagya, home maker at Mustaragalli.Over 54 villages in Jagalur taluk have been identified as problem areas, both in terms of quality and quantity of drinking water, said ZP CEO Gutti Jambunath.Meanwhile, district in-charge minister S A Ravindranath said that he had directed Bescom authorities to provide power connections to all the borewells that are being drilled within 24 hours. \"We have released Rs one crore to tackle the drinking water issue and fodder problem in Jagalur taluk alone,\" the minister said. Jagalur MLA, S V Ramachandra, says these are trying times for villagers of Jagalur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12283779", "title": "Girl arrested for infant murder", "text": "KOLKATA: A girl allegedly attacked her neighbours with a sharp weapon and killed a two-month-old baby at Ichhapur on Thursday. The victim's uncle later lodged a complaint against Ashima Das. Police have arrested the girl but are yet to ascertain the motive behind the attack.Ashima, a graduate, used to give private tuitions. At 12.30pm she suddenly barged into her neighbour Pradesh Das's house and attacked them without provocation. She kept attacking the others one after another, injuring a total of five persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "12285940", "title": "China fossils point to unknown human species", "text": "MELBOURNE: The mysterious fossils unearthed in Chinese caves could be of a previously unknown type of human, as the skeletons possess a highly unusual mix of bygone and modern human features, researchers have claimed.Surprisingly, the fossils are only between 11,500 and 14,500 years old. That means they would have shared the landscape with modern humans when China's earliest farmers were first appearing, the researches said.\"These new fossils might be of a previously unknown species , one that survived until the very end of the ice age around 11,000 years ago,\" said lead researcher Darren Curnoe, palaeoanthropologist at University of New South Wales, Australia.\"Alternatively, they might represent a very early and previously unknown migration of modern humans out of Africa , a population who may not have contributed genetically to living people,\" Curnoe was quoted as saying by LiveScience.At least three fossil specimens were uncovered in 1989 by miners quarrying limestone at Maludong or Red Deer Cave near the city of Mengzi in southwest China. They remained unstudied until 2008. The scientists are calling them the \"Red Deer Cave People\" because they cooked extinct red deer in their namesake cave.Carbon dating, a technique that estimates the radioactive decay of carbon in samples of charcoal found with the fossils helped establish their age. The charcoal also showed they knew how to use fire. Stone artifacts found at the Maludong site also suggest they were toolmakers, they reported in the journal PLoS ONE.Meanwhile, a Chinese geologist found a fourth skeleton, which looks very similar to the Maludong fossils, in a cave in southwest China in 1979. It stayed encased in a block of rock neglected in the basement of an archaeological research centre until 2009 when it was rediscovered by the team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12285051", "title": "Man gets 10 years' rigorous imprisonment for raping minor girl", "text": "PUNE: Additional sessions judge A Z Khwaja on Wednesday sentenced Santosh Jagtap (25), a resident of DAD complex, on Bibvewadi-Kondhwa road, to 10 years rigorous imprisonment for raping an 11-year-old girl in 2010. A fine of Rs 10,000 was also slapped on Jagtap.A compensation of Rs 10,000 was given to the victim. The court also sentenced Jagtap to an additional one year RI for threatening the girl.The victim was a student of standard five when she was raped by the accused behind the CGHS out-patient hospital at Market Yard on September 18, 2010. The accused had threatened the victim that he would kidnap her two-year-old sister if she told anyone of the incident.The girl, who was in a state of fear , disclosed the incident to her mother on September 23. Her mother registered a complaint the same day and the Swargate police initially arrested Jagtap on the charges of outraging the modesty of the victim.On October 5, 2010, a magisterial court cancelled his bail on a police report stating that the victim had given a statement saying that she was raped. Jagtap was again arrested on charges of rape.Additional public prosecutor Neelima Vartak examined 10 witnesses and relied on evidence given by the victim, her mother, medical officer and assistant police inspector Varsha Rani Patil for proving the guilt of the accused.The accused had pleaded for leniency as he was the sole earning member of his family. Judge Khwaja held that the accused did not deserve any leniency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12284161", "title": "Hotlines to help child abuse victims", "text": "KOLKATA: Within a span of a week, two women were arrested for reportedly abusing their children. In both cases, police and neighbours intervened and came to the rescue of the children. To ensure that victims of child abuse get timely help, Childline, an NGO, has decided to install hotline telephones in different parts of the city.The NGO runs a helpline with the number 1098. But once these hotlines are in place, a complaint can be lodged by simply picking up the receiver. No number needs to be dialled.Two incidents of child abuse stunned Kolkata this week, as mothers abused their son and for that neighbours had to intervene and informed police to rescue the two children. Now to rescue children who are abused, Childline which operates telephone helpline 1098, is planning to install hotline telephones in different parts of the city, so any one can easily lodge complaint of child abuse by picking up the telephone without even dialing 1098.One Sunday, Priyanka Mullick was arrested for torturing her six-year old son. She had kept him confined and battered him badly leading to serious bruises. He is now recuperating at Hope hospital at Behala. The boy informed police about being tortured by his mother. Priyanka is now on bail. Priyanka's father and the child's father both are seeking custody of the son. In another incident at Basndroni, Sahida Banu was arrested on Tuesday for torturing her son. Her neighbours rescued her eight year old boy.Childline has, in fact, written to the telecom department for installing hotlines. With the help of the hotlines, the caller will be directly connected to the control room of the organization, following which it can seek police help. Now to handle situations of increased child abuse Childline has written to the telecom department for installing hotlines so that the calls directly reach their control room and they can initiate action with the help of police.Nicole Menezes, deputy director of Childline, who was in the city to widen the reach of Childline, said their proposal is aimed at stopping child abuse. \"Often children who are abused or who have information about abuse cannot inform 1098 for non-availability of telephones. Moreover, many children cannot access mobiles of their parents - who torture them. So we have planned to install hotlines at different places including schools, railway stations and market places. If any student is beaten up, his classmates can even lodge a complaint. This will surely deter the parents and teachers from assaulting children,\" said Nicole. She felt that there was a need to involve policemen in the rescue of children who are abused. The organization also plans to sensitize the police.Psychologist Amit Chakraborty said that if the hotlines come into operation then incidents of child abuse will surely come down. \"In Europe there is similar helpline for which parents fear to beat up their children, as they can face trial for it. Even if the child is unable to call the hotline, neighbours can call this hotline and rescue the child immediately,\" he said.and caring of the child can be much faster.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12284198", "title": "Gaudy makeover for Raj-era bridge", "text": "KOLKATA: A politician in the state seems to have taken chief minister Mamata Banerjee's diktat to beautify the city so seriously that he's going out of his way to turn the simple stateliness of a Raj-era bridge into a gaudy modern-day artwork. In a bid to draw Mamata's attention, lakhs have already been spent on the incongruous makeover of the bridge that connects Beliaghata Road with Beliaghata Main Road.Not only has the politician - Manicktala MLA Paresh Pal - gone overboard on aesthetics, he has even consigned norms to the bin by arbitrarily awarding the project to a private contractor. If Pal has his way, a similar cosmetic makeover is waiting for bridges at Narkeldanga Main Road and Manicktala Main Road.It was Mamata's command to party MPs, MLAs and councillors to beautify Kolkata that spurred Pal into action. The Beliaghata canal from Baghbazar in north Kolkata to the Eastern Metropolitan Bypass in the east cuts across his constituency. With polluted water stagnating in the clogged canal and waste littered all over, the stench and squalor is overpowering.Yet, the MLA somehow \"overlooked\" the filth below and concentrated on the staid structure of the bridge over it. \"The canal has to be dredged and people living along it rehabilitated for cleaning up the entire stretch. That involves huge cost and is beyond my scope. The bridges are used by lakhs of people and sprucing them up would make an immediate impact,\" Pal reasoned.At first, he thought about a fresh coat of paint to the three identical bridges. But with councillors, MLAs and MPs vying for Mamata's attention with all kinds of beautification projects, Pal realized a simple paint job would go unnoticed. That's when he decided on doing something more radical to grab the eyeballs.Consequently, Pal roped in Joy Sengupta, an artist he had earlier engaged to beautify Kankurgachi Park. The brief was simple: make something so striking that the bridge stands out. Joy used the motif - brick and mortar seats in the shape of wooden logs - that he had worked on in the park five years ago. His idea was to transform the concrete bridge into a log bridge, complete with giant mushrooms sprouting over the edge. Sengupta proposed the idea and the maverick politician lapped it up without even consulting city planners, architects, conservationists or other artists on the appropriateness or incongruity of the fancy art work on a public bridge of British vintage.\"I want the bridge to stand out and look somewhat like the park. In the squalor, it will be an oasis of sorts,\" said Pal, adding that conical shelters were being built on the bridge to house statues of Rabindranath Tagore, Swami Vivekananda and Acharya Prafulla Chandra.There was a hitch though. Executing the beautification work would require more funds than a simple paint job. But getting funds approved through the proper channel would be a challenge and could stall the project. That's when he decided to get only the kerb-side wrought iron railings approved under the MLA Local Area Development Fund. He would himself arrange for funds for the actual makeover. While the former would cost Rs 5 lakh, that latter needed Rs 15-20 lakh.Pal conceded that he did bypass the norms by not roping in the civic body. Senior civic officials expressed surprise over Pal's initiative to get the beautification work done by a private contractor without the Kolkata Municipal Corporation's supervision. But the MLA is unfazed. \"I don't trust government agencies as involving them would have led to delays and cost escalation,\" Pal argued.Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage Kolkata chapter convenor GM Kapur said he was amazed at the lack of sensitivity. \"Who is in authority? Everyone, even KMC, appears to be totally toothless. Arbitrary decisions on matters in public sphere are being taken all too often. Beautification is one thing, changing the character of the city quite another. Why should anyone's personal taste and preference be fostered on the entire city? Why doesn't the government and the KMC set up a committee comprising architects and artists to suggest ways to meaningfully carry out a beautification drive?\" Kapur wondered.Mayor Sovon Chatterjee said he wasn't aware of the project, and hence, couldn't comment. \"I will look into it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12283725", "title": "Parulekar gets bail in photo morphing case", "text": "After spending 41 days in prison, firebrand Congress leader Kalpana Parulekar, who has been charged with morphing the photograph of state Lokayukta Justice PP Naolekar, was granted bail on Thursday by the Madhya Pradesh High Court (MPHC).The HC decision has come as a big relief to the Congress MLA given that her bail pleas had been rejected thrice by Bhopal-based lower courts - twice by additional district judge (ADJ) and once by chief judicial magistrate (CJM).A bench of Justice N K Gupta granted bail to Parulekar on a personal bond of Rs 40,000. The Judge observed considering her public duty, it would be proper that she may be permitted to attend the State Assembly and to carry out public work.She is released on bail to appear before various courts where certain cases are pending against her, he said.\"The HC has granted bail to Dr Parulekar,\" her counsel Shashank Shekhar told TOI over phone. In his submission, Shekhar argued the legislator has been charged with morphing which isn't punishable in the Information Technology Act (ITA). He contended that his client has been also charged with all bailable sections except one - Section 476 of the IPC - which is related to counterfeiting, but this section is not applicable in this instant case.Opposing her bail application, state deputy advocate General Purshendra Kaurav said investigations were underway against the MLA in the case. The prosecution has contacted Google website officials to collect some details. He said the FSL report regarding the morphed photograph clearly mentioned that the picture was touched up, using some electronic device. Kaurav said that 12 cases have been registered against the accused in the past 15 years.Appearing on behalf of an intervener, senior advocate and former Madhya Pradesh Advocate General RN Singh said the act of the MLA was an attack on the prestigious institution of Lokayukta. Singh said her conduct was unbecoming of an MLA. The Congress leader has been charged under IPC sections 471, 473 , 473 and 469.Besides, cases under the Section 66A and 66C under the Information Technology Amendment Act (ITAA 2008) have also been slapped on the MLA.The issue of 'morphed' Lokayukta photo had cropped up during the winter session of the assembly last year when Parulekar accused the anti-corruption ombudsman of having RSS links. She flashed an alleged 'morphed' photograph showing justice P P Naolekar in RSS uniform, both inside and outside the assembly, alleging that the BJP government did not have to worry as long as Justice Naolekar was the Lokayukta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12283215", "title": "Some artists say it with a smile", "text": "CHENNAI: There is a tendency to underestimate the work that goes into making a cartoon, says Chennai-based cartoonist Biswajit Balasubramanian. \"A lot of people look at my work and remark that it must have taken me just two minutes to draw,\" says Balasubramanian, who is displaying his work at a solo show titled 'Humourlogy' as part of the nine-day Art Chennai festival.\"In reality, cartoons are as tedious as any other art form. Just because they bring cheer, people assume that cartooning is easy,\" says Balasubramanian, who describes his work as plain humorous. \"There is no heavy philosophy behind my work,\" he says.The exhibition, which is on at Burgundy in MRC Nagar till March 18, features 20 of his 'ink on paper' cartoons. From new-age technology to the sabha (music hall) culture in Chennai, Balasubramanian's work ranges over a variety of topics. \"This collection is an assortment of social cartoons. They capture what happens in everyday life,\" he says. .As far as gallery space goes, Balasubramanian says that it is quite difficult for cartoons to find space along acrylic or oil paintings. Unlike paintings, cartoons also have a limited market, he says. \"A cartoon's appeal is limited by time and also depends on the subject,\" says Balasubramanian. \"If I do a caricature based on something the Prime Minister said today, it will not be relevant next week.\"On the other hand, Balasubramanian says cartoons are a more specialised form of art. \"A cartoonist needs to be childlike and be able to react to the moment,\" he says. \"Since cartoonists usually comment on social or political situations, they have to be quick to react and may not have the leisure of mulling over a piece,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12284207", "title": "Govt to give Rs 3.84L to farmer for crops damaged by tigers", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court on Thursday directed the government to pay damages of Rs 3.84 lakh (Rs 48 per tree) to a farmer whose crops were damaged due to tigers in the area. A division bench of justices Sharad Bobde and Prasanna Varale was hearing a petition of Baburao Aglawe (65), of Kinhala village of Seloo, Wardha district.According to petitioner, four tigers had damaged his banana crop spread over five acre land in April-May 2010. He applied for compensation of Rs 3.84 lakh with 18% interest. However, finance department rejected it stating they have no such policy. The senior citizen contended that when compensation could be given for a cow killed by a tiger then why not for crops.Earlier, forest department had said, the crops were damaged as labourers feared to work due to presence of a tigress with three cubs, and failed to water the plants. He pointed out that though the July 2, 2010 GR doesn't have provision for compensation for damage due to tigers, the department had forwarded Aglawe's case to finance department as special one.VTA withdraws PIL against penalty on property taxThe Vidarbha Taxpayers Association ( VTA) has withdrawn its petition from Nagpur Bench of Bombay high court after judges told them that state revenue matters cannot be entertained as PIL.The case was listed before a division bench comprising chief justice Mohit Shah and justice Prasanna Varale which stated in their order that citizens aggrieved by Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) decision to impose 24% penal interest annually on delayed payment of property tax will be at liberty to file petition individually.The petitioner had challenged constitutional validity of Section 70 of the Bombay Provincial Municipal Corporations, the City of Nagpur Corporation (CNC), the Maharashtra Municipal Councils, Nagar Panchayats, Industrial Townships, the Maharashtra (Urban Areas) Protection and Preservation of Trees, and the Maharashtra Tax on Buildings (with larger residential premises)(Re-enacted and amendment) Act, 2009, on the basis of which the civic body is levying 24% interest on delay of payment on property tax.Earlier, petitioner contended that promulgation of such a 'draconian provision is patently burdensome on citizens as properties would be under its gambit' Citing media reports, the petitioner claimed that no such penal interest is levied elsewhere than in Nagpur and at least not in state capital Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12284368", "title": "Ramnad MP files for advance bail in kidnap case", "text": "MADURAI: Apprehending arrest, torture and humiliation at the hands of the police, Ramanathapuram DMK MP K Sivakumar alias J K Rithesh Kumar filed a petition in the Madurai bench of the Madras high court seeking to enlarge him on bail in the event of arrest in connection with a case of kidnapping. The recently arrested Varichiyur Selvam and his gang members from Kerala were also allegedly involved in the crime. After the arrest of Selvam and his two associates - Ajith and Varghese from Kerala at a Dindigul lodge, the police intended to quiz the MP in connection with the kidnap case.The case of the prosecution was that the de facto complainant is V K Kathiravan, union secretary of Bogalur in Ramanathapuram district. While he was travelling in his car on February 12 at about 12 noon, one person in police uniform stopped him near Vellammal Engineering College and introduced himself as an assistant commissioner and four persons who accompanied him introduced themselves as CBI officers by showing some identity cards. They then entered the car and tied Kathiravan and his driver and demanded Rs 2 crore as ransom.They also allegedly caused injury to him by using blades and pins and threatened him at gunpoint. The accused then drove the car for 100 km and stopped it near a hill. There, about 20 people attacked Kathiravan. One of the persons is said to have told Kathiravan that he can be released only if the MP orders them to do so over phone.Kathiravan then called up Rithesh through his personal assistant, who in turn spoke to the kidnappers and asked them to release him. The kidnappers after taking his gold chain, ring and a sum of Rs 2 lakh left Kathiravan and went away from the place.Filing the petition seeking anticipatory bail, Rithesh said the superintendent of police had already made inquiries with him in the last week of February. But again the police was harassing him over phone and had asked him to appear for an inquiry. He further submitted that he is innocent and has not committed any offence as alleged by the prosecution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "12284114", "title": "Family 'cremates' man missing for 18 years", "text": "AMBALA: A person, who has been missing for the past 18 years, was given a symbolic cremation by his family members in Ambala on Wednesday, saying they were only following a century-old ritual of their community.The family carried the effigy of Gawal Mandi resident Channa Ram, who otherwise would have turned 85 this year, while his eldest son Kanhiya Lal Nandan lit the pyre of his father's effigy. Channa's five sons and four daughters assembled for the cremation.Family members left no stone unturned to trace Channa Ram who went missing on September 13, 1994, from his residence. But he remained untraceable. The Yadav panchayat, a community to which Channa belonged, reminded the family members according to rituals he be considered dead and his effigy cremated.All the persons of Channa's community in Ambala, who are in dairy business only, assembled for the cremation. Community members followed all the rituals of cremation for peace of the soul.\"It is considered that a person is untraceable after the age of 85. He might have left this world and for peace of the soul his symbolic cremation should be according to rituals,\" said Hira Lal Yadav, head of the community panchyat. He added that that it was a unanimous decision of the panchayat. Arvind, a grandson of Channa, said that 'rasam kriya' of his grandfather would be held on March 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12284461", "title": "Indo-Bangla border-coordination meet starts today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Attacks on BSF personnel by Bangladeshi criminals, cooperation in curbing illegal cross-border activities and trans-border crimes like smuggling of arms, drugs, FICN, cattle and action against Indian insurgent groups are among the key issues that will be discussed during border-coordination meeting between India and Bangladesh, beginning here on Friday.The meeting will be held between border guarding forces of both the countries. A 22-member delegation of the Border Guard Bangladesh (BGB), led by its chief Major General Anwar Hussain, will discuss these issues with the BSF team that will be headed by its director general U K Bansal.Both the sides are also expected to exchange a list of insurgent groups and their hideouts in both the countries. BSF and BGB will also discuss issues like repair and maintenance of boundary pillars, erection of border fence and development works within 150 yards of the zero line.The last meeting between both the forces, guarding the 4096-km of the Indo-Bangla border, took place last September when the Indian team went to Dhaka.The DG-level talks come after a recent visit by Bangladeshi home minister Shahara Khatun to India where she met her Indian counterpart P Chidambaram to discuss a host of these issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12284209", "title": "Rajendra Nagar, Ara win Mirchi matches", "text": "PATNA: Rajendra Nagar The Real Royal beat Patliputra Panthers by 1 wicket and Ara Worriers defeated Patna City Kings by 46 runs in the Mirchi Premier League cricket tournament at Moinul Haq Stadium here on Thursday.Sumit of Rajendra Nagar TRR (74 runs) and Asif Rasool of Patna City Kings (22 runs and 3 wickets for 12 runs) were declared man of their respective matches.Brief score: Patliputra Panthers 145/9 in 20 overs; Sachin 46 (4x8, 1x6), Sahil Srivastava 24, Amit 19, Arjun 18, Praveen 2/11, Sumit 2/35). Rajendra Nagar TRR 146/9 in 20 overs; Sumit 74 (3x4, 5x6), Sumit 30 (4x6), Giridhar 4/20).Ara Worriers 143/9 in 20 overs; Asif Rasool 22 (4x5), Ankit 23, Wasim 20, Mohit 18, Rehan 2/18, Shashi Bhushan 2/35, Anukul Ashish 2/24. Patna City Kings 97 all out in 17.1 overs; Vikas Ranjan 29 (3x4), Mangal Mahroor 18, Asif Rasool 3/12, Sagar 2/28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12283735", "title": "IIM-I students organize donation drive for needy", "text": "INDORE: Students of the Indian Institute of Management (IIM-I) organised a three-day donation drive under the aegis of Aarohan - a welfare organization of the students of the five-year Integrated Programme in Management (IPM).The drive, which concluded on Wednesday, saw participation from 45 volunteers of the institute. The students sought for voluntary contribution from people of the institute and nearby areas which would be used to help the needy and poor.The IIM-I tied up with Goonj, another social organisation that collect materials such as clothes, stationery, footwear and utensils from urban homes for the poor. Varun Doval, one of the students said, \"The drive was a success because of the contribution by participants of various programmes and the faculty at institute.\" The donation collected was handed over to the NGO for distribution to the needy.Thousands of pencils that were used in the creation of the largest pencil mosaic, in an attempt to make Guinness World Record during cultural fest, were also donated by the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12286357", "title": "Cabinet ministers with criminal records in new government", "text": "Azam KhanAge | 57 Education | LLB hons Criminal Record | 5 cases Assets | 1 cr Seven times MLA from Rampur, Azam Khan is founder member of Samajwadi Party and its Muslim face. He started his political career as a student leader in Aligarh Muslim University. He has been with Mulayam Singh Yadav for over 30 years. He quit the SP after 2009 after Mulayam Singh Yadav embraced the 'Babri accused' Kalyan Singh at the behest of Amar Singh. He came back after Amar made an exit.Shivpal YadavAge | 56 Education | BA BPEd Criminal Record | 2 cases Assets | 6 cr Four times MLA, Shivpal Singh Yadav is Mulayam's brother and has held several key positions in the Samajwadi Party and its governments in the past. He also served as leader of Opposition after ouster of Azam Khan in 2009. A post graduate from Etawah, Yadav was cabinet minister for agriculture, agriculture Education, agro trading, Public Works Department, power, mines in previous MSY government.Ambika ChaudharyAge | 61 Education | LLB Criminal Record | No criminal case Assets | 4 lakhs A socialist and Mulyam loyalist, Ambika Chaudhary hails from backward caste and has been SP's strongman in east UP. He resigned from the state legal services to joine politics and won assembly election four times from 1993 to 2007 from Ballia. He was revenue minister in Mulayam's government in 2003. He also served as SP chief whip and deputy leader of Opposition.Raja BhaiyyaAge | 38 Education | BA Criminal Record | 8 cases Assets | 7.11 cr Raghuraj Pratap Singh, better known as Raja Bhaiya, is MLA from Kunda since 1993. This time he won by a record margin of 88,000 votes. He was 26 when he won his political spurs, first proving his usefulness to his political masters in 1997 when he split the BSP to help form the BJP government in UP. Since then, he has served in Rajnath Singh and Mulayam Singh Yadav's cabinet. Mayawati booked her under POTA in 2003.Anand SinghAge | 73 Education | BSc Criminal Record | No criminal case Assets | 18 cr Hailing from Mankapur princely estate of Gonda, Anand Singh is credited with wiping out the influence of Beni Verma, wresting all five seats of the district. He has been three-time MLA and four-time MP from Gonda before handing over the reins to son Kirti Vardhan. Both joined BSP in 2009, but Mulayam persuaded him to come back and the result is for everybody to see.Durga Prasad YadavAge | 59 Education | LLB Criminal Record | 2 cases Assets | 1.83 cr Durga Prasad Yadav is a muscleman from Azamgarh and Mulayam loyalist. He also served as minister in previous SP regime. He has been a multiple time winner from the prestigious Azamgarh seat. This time, he he defeated BSP's Suresh Singh.Brahmashankar TripathiAge | 59 Education | BA LLB Criminal Record | 2 cases Assets | 2.94 cr Brahmashankar Tripathi was home guards minister in previous Mulayam Singh Yadav government. He is the Brahmin face of SP in east UP and has won election several times. This time he defeated Jawed Iqbal of BSP in Kushinagar assembly constituency.Kameswar UpadhyayAge | 74 Education | Literate Criminal Record | No criminal case Assets | 1 cr Kameswar Upadhayay (74) is one of the oldest candidates to have won assembly election this time. An old socialist , Upadhayay defeated Sabhakunwar of BSP from Bhatpar Rani in Deoria. He has served earlier in the ministries headed by Mulayam Singh Yadav.Raja Ram PandeyAge | 56 Education | Graduate Criminal Record | 3 cases Assets | 4.18 cr Raja Ram Pandey has been a known party hopper and has served as minister in the past. This time he won on SP ticket from Bishwanathganj assembly seat defeating BSP's Sindhuja Mishra Senani by over 9000 votes.Raj Kishore SinghAge | 41 Education | BA Criminal Record | 1 case Assets | 2.04 cr Three time MLA from Harraiya constituency in Basti, Raj Kishore Singh was with the BSP in 2002 but defected to SP. He won again in 2007 on SP ticket. This time he defeated BSP's Mamta Pndey to ensure a better performance of the party in the eastern UP.Shiv Kumar BeriaAge | 62 Education | BA, LLB Criminal Record | No criminal case Assets | 2.21 cr Mulayam loyalist for last two decades, Shiv Kumar Beria is four time MLA from various reserved constitituencies of Kanpur. This time he won from Rasulabad in Ramabainagar (formely Kanpur Dehat).Vaqar Ahmed ShahAge | 70 Education | BUMS Criminal Record | No criminal case Assets | 2.70 cr Vaqar Ahmed Shah, a four time MLA, was re-elected from his traditional Bahraich seat. Bahraich has been SP's stronghold. Waqar won in 2007 despite anti-incumbency against the Mulayam government. Ahmed has served as minister in previous Mulayam governments.Raja Mahendra Aridaman Singh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "12286042", "title": "3 teenagers meet watery grave", "text": "DHARWAD: Three youths, who went for a swim at the Rustumsaab tank in Kalghatgi on Thursday noon met with a watery grave. According to police, the three victims have been identified as Tabrez Sheikh, 14, of Belgaum, Rustum Jafar Betageri, 18, from Halyal taluk and a localite Sahil Balsingh, 18.Both Tabrez and Rustum had come down to Kalghatgi to attend the wedding of Sahil Balsingh's sister which was to be held on Thursday. The Kalghatgi police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12285012", "title": "SP Ring Road project begins", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Rs 41.75 crore project pertaining to construction of service lanes along the SP Ring Road has begun with the Ahmedabad Urban Development Authority (AUDA) sanctioning a major portion of the project. With the whole of SP Ring Road being turned into an access control or tolled road, the improved and continuous service lanes were a must.It was a demand put forth by villages and nagarpalikas located along the Ring Road. The first set of the service lanes are being laid between Gota crossroads and Shilaj bridge. There are a number of societies coming up on this stretch and would require the service road facility be extended to these upcoming societies.The second stretch will be between Odhav and Dehgam road junction. \"The civic lines are being laid at the moment. Proper footpaths are also planned along the service lanes,\" says a senior AUDA official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12285740", "title": "Lokayukta, Naseemuddin among guests", "text": "LUCKNOW: The conspicuous presence of former BSP cabinet minister Naseemuddin Siddiqui and UP Lokayukta Justice NK Mehrotra during the swearing-in ceremony of Akhilesh Yadav as UP's chief minister made some heads turn at the La Martiniere College ground on Thursday.And as it happened, Siddiqui's cavalcade did not enter the premises of La Martiniere College ground, but was parked close to 5 Kalidas Marg. The former high profile minister with half a dozen departments during Maya regime silently entered the venue. Wearing sun glasses, he occupied a chair, but looked clumsy at one point of time. He remained at the venue for less than half an hour and left immediately after Akhilesh took oath.Around the same time, Justice Mehrotra, too walked out and was spotted waiting by a parking lot just opposite 5 Kalidas Marg. Flanked by a couple of lawyers and policemen, Justice Mehrotra had a word with some legal experts belonging to the ruling Samajwadi Party (SP). He soon left It was Justice Mehrotra who had indicted Siddiqui on various charges of corruption, while recommending the then UP chief minister Mayawati to refer the case to CBI last month. But with BSP chief Mayawati not abiding by the recommendation, the ball could now move into court of Akhilesh Yadav.Sources said that Mehrotra may soon send a report to the new CM, and set in what could be a high-pitch political drama.While Akhilesh had been categorical in saying that he would not follow the politics of vendetta, sources said that there were high chances of he thinking otherwise. \"After all, his main emphasis has been on corruption during Mayawati regime,\" said a SP leader. Akhilesh during the first press conference on Thursday said that he is yet to take stock of the situation in different departments.Apart from Siddiqui and Justice Mehrotra, officials including Navneet Sehgal and divisional commissioner Lucknow Prashant Trivedi, considered close to Mayawati, were also spotted on their toes throughout the ceremony.While, Sehgal took charge inside the La Martiniere College ground mixing up with other officials and 'netas', Trivedi played the role of a 'strict administrator' while managing the heavy rush of media into 5 Kalidas Marg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12285366", "title": "Ahmedabad Duronto gets good response", "text": "PUNE: The occupancy of the Pune-Ahmedabad (AC) Duronto superfast express has seen a significant increase since its inauguration last Sunday.On the inaugural day, on March 11, barely over a hundred passengers travelled by the train as against the total capacity of 550 seats.Railway officials said that as per the reservation booking status, there was 75% occupancy in the train leaving on Thursday. Incidentally, the regular service of the train began from Thursday (March 15), although the formal inauguration of the rail service was held on March 11. The third AC seats for the train leaving Thursday were occupied 100%.The Pune-Ahmedabad Duronto Express (number 12298) is a tri-weekly train leaving Pune on every Thursday, Saturday and Monday. The train leaves Pune at 9.45 pm and reaches Ahmedabad the next day at 6.20 am. The Ahmedabad-Pune Duronto (number 12297) leaves Ahmedabad every Sunday, Tuesday and Friday at 10.30 pm and reaches Pune on every Monday, Wednesday and Saturday at 7 am.According to the railways, there is no provision of catering services in the train and that the fare structure does not include any catering charges. Railway officials said the timings of this train have been ideally designed for overnight journey after dinner hours.The fares for the train are Rs 1,800 for first AC, Rs 1,010 for second AC and Rs 690 for third AC. The train covers the 635 km distance in 8 hours and 30 minutes. There is no commercial halt for the train, the officials added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "12284495", "title": "From BBA to baking, Vibha whips her luck", "text": "MODEL TOWN: She's called the 'Pahwa puff girl' or 'vanilla girl' and Vibha Pahwa, who is from a family of cycle manufacturers, lives up to the tags every bit. Not so interested in spokes, wheels, pedals, bearings and brakes, Vibha decided to a??a??bakea?? her own story and ventured into hospitality sector, launching her own baking venture a?? a??Nova vAnilaa?? in Delhi.She makes cakes to order, the USP being that the one ordering can join the baking process and walk into the kitchen to supervise exactly what they want their cake to look and taste like. She also teaches both in Delhi and Ludhiana to make cakes, cupcakes and other desserts. On Thursday too, Vibha was busy with a group of city women at a school in Dugri, sharing her lip smacking secrets.A resident of Model Town, Vibha said her source of inspiration is Rajni Bector. \"I grew up seeing her and wanted to follow her way. My first shot at baking was when I was nine years old. And it was a disaster! However, that disappointment was the beginning of my quest to learn the art of baking,\" she said.Sharing the long way round she took before discovering her life's love, Vibha said after doing BBA from Khalsa College for Women, Ghumar Mandi, she had moved to London in 2007 to do a course in international marketing. When she returned to the city, Vibha worked in a school and also helped with the family business but before too long she realized that it was not what she enjoyed so she headed back to London and enrolled in a top French culinary school, Le Cordon Bleu, to learn baking.\"When I came back the second time I went to Delhi and started 'Nova Anila' in 2008. We bake a perfect blend of what our grandmoms baked with chic looks, flavours and products.\" With business running through her veins, Vibha launched a website through which city residents will soon be able to order her products online.She is working on a book on baking that she hopes to release by the end of this year.Plans to start classes and teach Thai, French and Italian cookingThe name of my venture has Nova because it is the name of one of the cycles made in our industry. V is for my name's initial and Anila is my mother's name. I specifically keep the letter 'v' small Vibha Pahwa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12285699", "title": "Lucky escape for tot from building blaze", "text": "MUMBAI: A major fire in a three storeyed Tardeo building early on Thursday morning killed one and injured 12 others. The fire, caused by a short circuit in the electric meter room on Ganpat Wete Sadan's ground floor at around 7 am, engulfed a cylinder on the first floor that exploded. A major portion of the cessed Mhada building later collapsed.As the fire spread along the wooden stairway, the main escape route, many panic-stricken residents jumped out before the fire brigade arrived and rescued 19 people. A lucky survivor was 11-month-old Pranay Phansekar, who was caught by the crowd below after his mother, sensing doom, threw him out of a thirdfloor window and leapt out. He escaped with superficial injuries, but Deepika (26) suffered multiple fractures. Her father-in-law Arvind (65) was the only casualty, charred to death in his room.Another resident Vincent Alexander (27) said, \"We jumped to the adjacent under-construction building and then climbed down a ladder.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12282845", "title": "Police ban Ganesh idols made of POP", "text": "VADODARA: Sursagar may get some respite with the administration prohibiting idol makers from making idols of material other than clay and insisting that only natural colours be used on Ganesh idols. An intimation has been sent to idol makers in the city, who made representations seeking concessions in the guidelines on Thursday.Ganesh idol makers pressed alarm bells with the city police circulating guidelines regarding preparation of idols. The guidelines are strict and ask them to ensure that only natural clay for making idols is used instead of baked clay or plaster of Paris (PoP). The missive sent to the idol makers also states that material like flowers, clothes and other items present on the idols should also be removed before the idols are immersed. Such material should be buried separately and clothes should be donated to orphanages.The idol makers will also have to take a certificate from the local police station and the civic body stating that the colour used to prepare the idols is not toxic. If such idols are immersed, legal action will be taken against those responsible for it. Unhappy with the guidelines, idol makers in the city went to meet police commissioner Satish Sharma and made representations to him. The idol makers said they would reduce the size of the idols and would ensure that no material and item used to decorate them were immersed. But the city police have maintained that the guidelines will have to be adhered to.Sharma said only clay idols will be allowed to be immersed. \"Making PoP idols is not an offence, but these cannot be immersed. If immersion takes place, the law will take its course,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12284638", "title": "Goda Park our priority, says mayor Yatin Wagh", "text": "NASHIK: The newly elected mayor of Nashik, Yatin Wagh, has said that his top priorities are the overall development of the city and MNS chief Raj Thackeray's pet project 'Goda Park', which 'was neglected by the Sena-BJP ruled civic body'.\"We contested the election with an emphasis on development and we will work for the overall development of the city. Also, Goda Park is on our priority list. We will start working on the project immediately,\" was the first reaction from Wagh (MNS) after he was elected mayor of the city. \"I am thankful to Nashikites for their support and the honour that they have given me. I will use this opportunity to do good work for the city,\" he said.Wagh thanked the BJP for supporting the MNS and said that both the parties are firm about working on the progress of the city.About the preparations for the upcoming Simhastha Kumbh Mela, Wagh said that they would send a plan to the state government and that with the help of the resources available, work on the Kumbh would be done periodically. \"We will keep Nashikites informed. We will live up to the trust that you all have shown towards us,\" Wagh added.Newly elected deputy mayor Satish Kulkarni of the BJP, while thanking Nashikites, said that he would do as much he can for the city during his tenure. \"We promise you we will do good work for the Kumbh Mela,\" said Kulkarni.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "ishar nagar", "code": "12284478", "title": "Picking up painting skills from a gurdwara", "text": "ISHAR NAGAR: It isn't unusual for Manmohan Singh to begin his day with a brush and go on with it until the day ends. The 42-year-old, who took to the paint brush at the age of 15, says painting is something he can't survive without. And truly so, he earns his bread and butter from the paint brush alone. a??a??I was 15 when I started painting seriously and the motivation from my mentors then encouraged me to take it further,'' says Manmohan.Without any professional training in the art, he has been passionate about painting and is a self taught artist. Determined to learn the details of the art, he initially visited Gurdwara Nanaksar Sahib, Jagraon, where he learned painting for six months from Malkeet Singh who used to work on spiritual paintings at the gurdwara.The Ishar Nagar resident says he can work on any sort of painting but most of his paintings are figurative works. Ludhianvis have now started appreciating my art and they even approach me for paintings some times. I have admirers of my work in other countries like USA, Canada and UK as well,'' he says.Manmohan considers his house as his studio and paints his works at home. Colours relax me and I feel rejuvenated when I spend eight hours a day on painting,'' he says. Talking about an exhibition of his work put up at the Sutlej Club three years ago, Manmohan says his work was recognized in the city through that exhibition.\"The interest has passed on to my daughter, Jaspreet Kaur, as she likes to paint during her free hours. My father's works are exceptional as they are quite different from other's paintings. I learn a lot from his style,'' says Jaspreet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12283575", "title": "Three children die after blood transfusion in Madhya Pradesh", "text": "BHOPAL: Three minors, including two girls, have died and two other kids fell ill after blood transfusion at the government run medical college and hospital in Jabalpur district of Madhya Pradesh , a top health department official said.Ramgovind ,6, hailing from Shahdol, who was suffering from sickle cell anemia breathed his last late Wednesday night while Aarushi,9,and Kashish, 9, fighting thalassemia - both locals - died on Thursday, hospital superintendent Dr Savita Verma told TOI over phone.The condition of Ramgovind and Kashish Agrawal turned critical during the course of blood transfusion while Aarushi Dubey returned from the home complaining vomiting and uneasiness, she said.The condition of Annapurana and Nirjala is out of danger, Dr Verma said adding 11 other kids who underwent blood transfusion on Wednesday were fine. She said that the hospital on Mondays and Wednesdays provides blood transfusion facility free of cost.\"What actually went wrong is being looked into. The departments concerned have taken all measures\", she said adding \"Our blood lab is considered to be of very high standard.\"She said Ramgovind, Aarushi and Kashish had gone through 60, 80 and 111 blood transfusions respectively.Meanwhile, in a damage control exercise, the authorities have constituted a three-member panel headed by head of department of medicine and professor Dr M K Parashar to find out the causes of death and furnish its reports in 48 hours. The blood samples have been sent for culture, officials said. The two other committee members are HOD of pathology and professor Dr Sanjay Totade and HOD and professor Gynecology Dr Arvind Lele, Dr Verma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12285121", "title": "CBI may treat Vipul Agarwal as witness", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Suspended IPS officer Vipul Agarwal who was arrested for his alleged involvement in the Tulsiram Prajapati case now faces an eitheror situation. The CBI is now exploring the possibility of treating Agarwal as an approver or a witness in the fake encounter case in which 13 cops of Gujarat and Rajasthan have already been arrested.Interestingly, Agarwal was accused by CID (crime) officials as the main conspirator in the fake encounter case. Prajapati was gunned down in a bogus encounter in December 2006 in Banaskantha. Agarwal was Banaskantha SP then. This development has sent shockwaves among Gujarat police officials who have been arrested in the case and other fake encounters being probed by the CBI.If the CBI's move materializes, then Agarwal will be the first IPS officer arrested in a fake encounter case in Gujarat to provide vital evidence against other accused. Senior Gujarat police officials who are keeping a close watch over the proceedings say that it will not be smooth sailing for Agarwal. \"If he agrees to become an approver or a witness, the other accused will protest against this move in court,\" said a Gujarat police officer.In the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case too this syndrome had been reflected. When the CID (crime) officials had moved to treat accused police inspector V A Rathod as a witness, co-accused cops moved court and ensured that Rathod was treated as an accused. As a result, Rathod has been behind bars for five years. Only recently was Rathod granted bail by the Supreme Court. The CBI too has been treating Rathod as a witness in the Sohrabuddin case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12285185", "title": "Highway stretch to be opened for traffic soon", "text": "PUNE: An 800-metre stretch of the Pune- Mumbai highway near the College of Military Engineering at Dapodi, which is being widened for the last one-and-a-half years, is likely to be opened for vehicular traffic soon. Although the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation had completed the road-widening work, the stretch has not been opened for traffic as the defence authorities had refused to transfer the land.The town planning department of the PCMC on Wednesday said the defence authorities have now shown their readiness to transfer the land. However, the civic officials could not give the exact date when the road will be openedfor vehicular traffic.Officials of the town planning department said the civic body has been regularly following up with the defence authorities about the transfer of defence land needed for various development projects and road works in Pimpri-Chinchwad limits. The officials said that the defence authorities had given working permission to the civic body regarding 15 projects. After getting the permissions, the PCMC had completed the road-widening works on the highway stretch at Dapodi (from Mega Mart to CME main gate) and also widened a portion of the Aundh-Ravet Road. Officials said the civic body paid Rs 17.38 crore to the defence authorities for getting the land for various development works.In Pimpri-Chinchwad, an 11-km stretch of the Pune- Mumbai highway passes from the municipal limits. The PCMC has widened the highway stretch to 61 metres from Nigdi to Phugewadi. The 61-metre highway has eight lanes. From Phugewadi to Dapodi, the stretch has just four lanes. Although the stretch was widened, it has not been opened for vehicular traffic as the defence authorities had not transferred the land to the civic body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12285003", "title": "Woman's throat slit on busy road in Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: In a shocking incident, a middle aged woman was brutally murdered by a person, who had been living with her for the last six years, near the IGNOU regional office on Kaloor-Kathrikadavu Road on Thursday evening.The two were travelling on a Kinetic Honda scooter belonging to the deceased, 38-year-old Sreelatha, to Kaloor from Kadavanthra, when her companion, who was riding pillion, asked her to stop the scooter near the IGNOU centre around 6.30 pm.According to police, the man then took out a knife he had apparently hidden on his person and slit her throat. Though the passersby who saw the incident were initially shocked, some of them rushed the victim to a nearby private hospital. However, hospital authorities declared that she had been brought dead.The man fled the scene immediately after committing the crime on the scooter (KL 07 M 9242) leaving behind the injured woman writhing in pain. He surrendered before the North Police after two hours.The accused has been identified as Reenesh, 34, of Hosdurg, Kasargode.Police said Reenesh was working as a peon in a private firm at Vytilla and the woman was a beautician working in the city. She was from Kadavanthra. Their relationship had soured of late, police said.The couple has a six-year-old girl child. Police have recovered the murder weapon from the spot. A Tamil migrant labourer is said to be the main witnesses in the incident.According to another version put out by police, Reenesh asked the woman to get down from the scooter when they reached near the IGNOU regional office, took out the knife, apologized to her and then slit her throat.Reenesh has been taken to the office of the assistant commissioner of police (Ernakulam) for detailed interrogation. He was also taken to Government General Hospital for a detailed medical examination. The body of Sreelatha has been shifted to the Government General Hospital for post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12288377", "title": "Budget 2012: Impact on IT", "text": "NEW DELHI: Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee today presented budget for the financial year FY 2012-13. Though the Budget 2012 pledges reforms, it does little to trim the ballooning fiscal deficit.Here are some highlights of the Budget 2012 that will have direct and indirect impact on the IT industry:* LCD and LED panels exempted from custom duty. To impact prices of TVs, laptops and PC monitors positively.* Mobile phone parts exempted from basic customs duty. May have a positive impact on prices of low-end handsets being manufactured in India.* Restrictions on venture capital investment removed. Likely to help tech start-ups.* No change in corporate tax. Status quo for IT Inc who feared an increase in tax outgo. * Defence budget raised to Rs 1.93 lakh crore. Will partially help telecom software, signalling equipment companies.* Aadhar platform to drive Public Distribution system. Digitisation of PDS to help IT sector.* Tax law amended, seems to be eying Vodafone-like transactions * Share of manufacturing in GDP will be increased. Will partially go towards telecom manufacturing too.* Telecom towers made eligible for viability gap funding* Mobile-based fertilizer management system for transparent transfer of subsidy. Fertiliser subsidies implementation to change by using more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12285737", "title": "\u2018Do not cross railway tracks with earphones on\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: More than 1,500 students from colleges affiliated to the Mumbai University will hit the streets and railway stations across Mumbai, Thane and Navi Mumbai on Friday to spread awareness about the dangers of using headphones or other accessories while crossing roads or tracks.Students from Jai Hind, Xavier's, KC and several other colleges will be part of the awareness campaign initiated by the Students' Council of the University of Mumbai.The drive, called as 'Cross, Don't Talk' has been initiated to create awareness among youth about the risks that pedestrians are subjected to when they speak on the phone or listen to music while crossing heavily congested roads or railway tracks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12284074", "title": "Budgetary demand of industry department passed amid protests", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar Legislative Assembly on Wednesday passed Rs 521.31 crore budgetary demand of the industry department amid walk out by the Opposition claiming that nothing concrete on the industrial front was done in the state in the last six years. Industries minister Renu Kumari Kushwaha countered that the NDA government had in these years woven well the rug of industrial development which was left uncared, and, rather ruined during the previous regime.Enumerating numerous moves for industrial development and the efforts to woo investments in a big way through the lucrative Industrial Incentive Policy 2011, subsidies to the industries for purchasing plant and machineries and for setting up captive power plants to run them, she said that the planned Agriculture Road Map for Development 2012-17 provided for broad-basing the agro-food processing industries in the state.The minister said that three vegetable and fruit-based mega food parks would come up in the state to tap the rich horticulture resources. A bakery factory with annual 10 lakh MT capacity and 20 lakh MT capacity maize warehousing facility have also been planned, she said, adding that poultry and animal feed plants using maize as raw material would be set up in a big way to cater to the dairy, poultry and animal meat industries.She said that 5 percent additional subsidy would be given to the women and the physically challenged people to set up industries. The cut motion for industry department budgetary demand was made by CPI member Awadhesh Kumar Rai. The assembly also passed the budgetary demand of Rs 115.14 crore of the sugarcane department and Rs 821.83 crore of the department of disaster management.Kushwaha said that establishment of petrochemical hub in the state would be possible with the laying of the Haldia-Jagdishpur gas pipeline which has reached its final phase. This would make possible setting up of gas-fired power plants, she said, adding rehabilitation of the closed Hindustan Fertilizer Company at Barauni has also reached its final phase. Kushwaha said that a proposal has been sent to the Centre for starting 39 clusters of small industries across the state.She said that a Tea Promotion Policy is on the anvil and the subsidy for setting up tea industry has been increased from 15 percent to 25 percent. There is also stress on broad-basing the leather industries in the state, she said.Kushwaha said that in the last few years the State Investment Promotion Board (SIPB) had approved establishment of 603 industrial units with capital investment of Rs 2.65 lakh crore. This included 314 food processing industries for which investment of Rs 4,321 crore is to be made, 28 units of sugar industries with capital investment of Rs 6,507 crore and Rs 12,870 crore for establishment of other 96 industrial units.Out of these at least 60 industrial units with capital investment of Rs 3,728 crore have already been established and they are running, she said. The minister added that rehabilitation of the five prestigious industries, Kalyanpur Cement Ltd , Rohtas, RBSM Jute Mill, Katihar, Dumraon Textiles Mills, Bhojpur, Asiatic Oxygen and Acetelene, Barauni, and Ashok Paper Mills, Darbhanga, most of which had gone sick during the RJD regime is in the pipeline. She said that a new jute park at Maranga in Purnia district is coming up.Kushwaha said in 2012-13, a new scheme of integrated development of handicraft weavers and a scheme for promotion of tusser silk production in Banka, Munger, Nawada and Kaimur districts are to be launched. Rehabilitation of the Bihar State Film Development Corporation is also on cards, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "seattle", "code": "12290634", "title": "Microsoft to debut new version of Xbox in 2013", "text": "SEATTLE: Microsoft Corp will release the next version of its Xbox console in 2013 at the earliest, as the company squeezes at least one more year of sales out of its current model, said two people with knowledge of the matter.The company may show the successor to its Xbox 360 in June 2013 at the E3 conference and put it on sale that same year, said the people, who declined to be named because the plans are confidential. David Dennis, a company spokesman, said earlier today that Microsoft won't discuss new Xbox hardware at this year's E3, quelling speculation that the device would be unveiled at the 2012 show.Microsoft's Xbox 360, bolstered by the Kinect motion-sensor accessory, had its best year of sales in 2011 -- the console's seventh on the market. Announcing the next model too soon risks hurting orders for the current lineup, and new consoles typically lose money for their first few years. The Xbox 360 is profitable, giving the company incentive to keep it on store shelves for a longer period.\"They're still selling a lot of Xbox 360, and they're making money,\" said Michael Pachter, an analyst at Wedbush Securities Inc in Los Angeles . \"I don't think the world needs them to put a new console out just because we're bored.\"Sales growth Microsoft's entertainment division, which includes the Xbox, posted a 45 per cent sales gain to $8.91 billion in the fiscal year that ended in June. The Xbox 360 outsold Nintendo Co's Wii and Sony Corp's PlayStation 3 in 2011, and also sold better than any other TV-connected devices, including DVD players and home-theater systems, Dennis said.\"There will be no talk of new Xbox hardware at E3 or anytime soon,\" Dennis wrote today in an e-mailed statement. He declined to say when Microsoft would release the next model. \"For us, 2012 is all about Xbox 360.\"Microsoft has no reason to put out a new console soon, Pachter said. He estimates that the company makes about $115 of profit on the $300 Xbox 360, a model with a hard drive.Pachter expects Microsoft to release the next version at the end of 2013 or beginning of 2014. The company will probably look at competitive pressure and sales in the current year to determine timing, he said.Nintendo, meanwhile, is due to release a new machine called the Wii U later this year. Sony will probably update the PlayStation around the same time Microsoft puts out a new Xbox, Pachter said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12284921", "title": "Economic Survey: Growth isn\u2019t govt\u2019s headache alone", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Economic Survey usually confines itself to government policies, but this time around it extended its ambit to include societal behaviour, probably aimed to counter allegations of corruption against the UPA and the cleansing campaign launched by the Anna Hazare camp.It, however, does recognize that the economic slowdown is partly driven by policy inaction as politicians and bureaucrats could not come to a consensus or shied away from taking decisions due to a spate of scams and the subsequent scrutiny. \"Since one way to avoid a charge of an ill-considered or, worse ill-intentioned decision is to take no decision, it is arguable that some civil servants in this season of charges and counter charges have resorted to partly this strategy,\" it says.Besides, it blamed coalition politics and the federal structure for tardy decision making in several areas - from oil subsidy to tax reforms, FDI in retail and free movement of foodgrains.While almost everyone outside the government blamed it for policy paralysis, UPA led by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and finance minister Pranab Mukherjee kept dismissing the charge through the year. In fact, Singh took a rare but aggressive posture during a meeting with industry captains, while Mukherjee held several press conferences to dispel the notion. Still, the survey notes it as an area of concern but puts a rider that \"it is hard to quantify and for that reason is contestable\".But the official document devotes a section to dwell into contracts and how the civil society and citizens play a key role in fostering economic growth. \"Honesty, punctuality, the propensity to keep promises, the attitude towards corruption are matters shaped in great part by norms and social beliefs and the behaviour patterns can become habitual. Moreover, in a democracy like India, what can be done by government depends in great measure on how ordinary people think and what people believe in,\" it says.Of course, the Economic Survey notes that politicians and policymakers can set the ball rolling by acting as role models but it also cited the poor record on enforcement of contract to argue that people's attitude needs to change. \"In these everyday situations (such as hiring a cab or a painter) it is cumbersome to bring in the state and the law courts. Here the main guarantor has to be people's personal integrity and trustworthiness,\" it says.The statement comes from a government that has been battling a spate of corruption scandals - ranging from telecom to Commonwealth Games and Adarsh - and criticism over poor governance standards and inability to push through critical decisions.The civil society has been campaigning to put in place new institutions, such as the Lokpal Act, to ensure that quality of service and bring about transparency through steps such as auction of natural resources. But the government has either been slow or resisted several changes.The Survey makes a passing reference to easing cumbersome procedures but is virtually silent on these issues and suggests that \"a market economy cannot function if people are totally self-serving\"Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Rail Budget 2012 , Pre Budget 2012, Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12284403", "title": "They changed road to avoid congestion", "text": "BANGALORE: Sushmita Patil and her friends took NICE Road to reach their college to avoid being delayed on Mysore Road. \"We took NICE Road as Mysore Road is congested and we had the first class at 10am,\" Anirudh, one of the passengers, informed Tavarekere police.\"We saw a lorry right in front of us. Akhilesh swerved too fast, forcing the car to skid off the road,\" he said. \"Some friends came along with an ambulance, and we shifted Sushmita to a private hospital on Magadi Road. By now, she was finding it hard to breathe. Doctors at the private nursing home advised us to shift her to a city hospital, saying her condition was critical. We were on our way to the city when Sushmita died,\" Anirudh told police and the bereaved family.Quoting doctors, police told TOI that Sushmita died of multiple injuries while being taken to hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12286149", "title": "UP CM Akhilesh meets friends, gets nostalgic", "text": "MYSORE: Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav's friends Anil Pradhan and Dinesh Shetty said that they were accorded \"great hospitality\" in Lucknow when they visited the city on March 11 to attend his swearing in ceremony.Akhilesh recollected the days when they played cricket in Mysore. Dashrath Rai, a businessman, was a neighbour of Akhilesh at Vijayanagar, Mysore, from 1990 to 1994. Pradhan, a coffee planter in Hassan, played cricket with the young leader. Bangalorean Shetty befriended Akhilesh in 1994 through their common friend Rai.Dashrath Rai told TOI over the phone from Lucknow on Thursday that only vegetarian food was served during the luncheon party hosted by Akhilesh after the swearing in ceremony. Akilesh and three of his friends from Karnataka had roti, a few varieties of vegetarian curries, jalabi and four local sweets of UP, chats, veg pulav, and badam milk. Rai said that more than 15 varieties of vegetarian food were served on the occasion. Rai had taken 2 kgs of Mysore Pak from Mysore which Akilesh relished on March 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12284853", "title": "Economic Survey backs farm sector reforms to improve supplies", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Economic Survey has suggested several options to address supply side problems on the food front and has backed the idea of regular imports of small quantities of agriculture commodities.It has said the compositional shift in the food basket of a common household has increased the demand of some food items and there are supply side constraints which were exposed during the recent spike in food inflation, particularly prices of vegetables and fruits. Near double-digit food inflation emerged as a major policy headache for the UPA government in the past year. It has eased significantly in recent weeks much to the relief of policymakers but has once again shown signs of inching up.\"As a strategy, regular imports of agriculture commodities in relatively smaller quantities with an upper ceiling on total quantity could be considered. The upper ceiling can be decided annually, relatively well in advance, after assessing the likely domestic situation in terms of production and consumption requirements,\" the survey said.Even as the survey listed the features of the proposed National Food Security Bill, it also pushed the case for increasing direct cash transfers and suggested that the government should get out of the 'supply side' and distribution of grains and pointed out that the PDS was an extremely inefficient way of delivery.While selling the cash transfer method, which it has done in previous years too, it noted the lack of private sector in large parts of the country and suggested that it could be corrected by increasing spending power in these regions.The survey called for setting up special markets for special crops in states/regions/areas producing those crops saying it would facilitate supply of superior commodities to consumers. Expressing concern over governance in mandis, the survey said a greater number of traders must be allowed as agents in mandis. \"Anyone who gets better prices and terms outside the Agricultural Produce Marketing Committee (APMC) or its farm gate should be allowed to do so,\" it said.The survey said perishable food items could be taken out of ambit of the APMC Act. \"The Government regulatory mandis sometimes prevent retailers from integrating their enterprises with those of farmers. In view of this perishable may have to be exempted from this regulation,\" the survey said.It said in order to promote interstate trade, a commodity for which market fee has been paid once must not be subjected to subsequent market fee in other markets including that for transaction in other states. Only user charges linked to services provided may be levied for subsequent transactions.The survey said storage capacity was a major problem facing the country and addressing infrastructure requirements in the farm sector, especially storage, communication, roads, and markets should be a priority.\"Public private partnership models can be of help in ensuring faster development of these requirements which are of vital importance for the growth of the agriculture sector,\" the survey said.It called for linking farmers to the market and said the experience of cooperatives in the milk sector in managing supply chain and providing remunerative prices to the producers be emulated for agricultural products. The survey also reiterated the need for investment in food processing, cold chains, handling and packaging processed foods.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Rail Budget 2012 , Pre Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12284778", "title": "Sector 37 underpass opening postponed to April first week", "text": "NOIDA: Commuters waiting for the sector 37 crossing to become signal free will have to wait a little longer as the opening of the underpass, which will connect Atta and Chalera, has been postponed to the first week of April.The construction work of the underpass is already complete and the inauguration of the 600m long underpass had earlier been scheduled for March 15, but authorities say that some finishing and electrical work has been delayed due to the recently concluded assembly polls, so the opening has been postponed.Constructed at a cost of Rs 35 crore, the underpass, once functional, will ease traffic flow from Delhi to Atta market, via the toll bridge as well as from Kalindi Kunj. Traffic movement between Noida and Greater Noida as well as Noida and South Delhi will also become hassle-free. Those commuting from Noida to South Delhi areas like Sarita Vihar and Nehru Place via the Kalindi Kunj bridge will be spared traffic snarls that are a regular occurrence currently on the stretch.\"The project has been slightly delayed due to the assembly elections and Holi celebrations. The underpass is in its final stages. After completion, traffic coming from Delhi via Kalindi Kunj and headed towards sectors 37, 39, 40, 41, 51, 53, 62 and Indirapuram, will enjoy seamless flow. Residents going from Noida to South Delhi areas like Sarita Vihar and Nehru Place via Kalindi Kunj Bridge will benefit immensely,\" a Noida Authority official said.The flyover constructed at the busy sector 37 crossing has already been opened for public and, once the underpass becomes functional, the crossing will become totally signal free. The new underpass will also provide greater connectivity between Noida and the Noida Extension area. \"The underpass takes off just ahead of the City Center Metro station. It will ease flow of traffic along the Shivalik Marg going towards Dadri, apart from allowing smooth flow of traffic movement flowing along the Captain Shashikant Marg towards Noida Extension,\" the official added.Once the underpass becomes functional, the crossing will become signal free. It will also provide greater connectivity between Noida and Noida Extension area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12288126", "title": "Budget 2012-13: Telecom players press for infrastructure status", "text": "NEW DELHI: The telecom sector of the economy has come under increasing pressure and has been struggling for cash and debt routes have been constraint since November 2010. The sector is looking at the Union Budget 2012 to be assigned 'infrastructure' status.DoT is lobbying for infrastructure status and tax cuts that could significantly benefit new telecom players attain break-even. Besides income tax exemptions, companies belonging to infrastructure sector get benefits in overseas fund borrowings and also get easier credit from the domestic banks.Bharti Airtel's CEO (India and South Asia) Sanjay Kapoor also supports DoT's recommendations. \"...one of our key expectations from the Union Budget 2012 would be to formally recognise the telecom sector as an 'infrastructure sector,\" he said.The telecom players are also demanding lowering of taxes on the sector, saying that the levies in India are among the highest in the world, which is affecting investments and and revenues of the sector.The department has also suggested tax exemptions for manufacturing of telecom equipment, rationalisation of VAT at 4% for mobile phones and their components that currently vary up to 12.5% in different states of India.Echoing similar sentiment, device manufacturers have also asked a uniform GST rate on handsets in the upcoming Budget.Presently, \"the VAT varies by state between 4-15 per cent for mobile phones. Also some states have higher VAT structure for products above and below Rs 10,000,\" Huawei Marketing Director Anand Narang said. He added that the company \"expects this to be rationalised.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/cuttack", "code": "12286175", "title": "Court asks ASI to demolish portion of Chhauni Mutt", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/CUTTACK: The Orissa high court on Thursday gave green signal to the Puri district administration to demolish a portion of Chhauni Mutt, next to the entrance of the Jagannath temple in Puri.A division bench of Justice Pradeep Mohanty and Justice Indrajit Mohanty observed that the Mutt, situated adjacent to the Lion's Gate, posed threat to the shrine's boundary wall and entrance (gumuta). The judges had made a visit to the site on Tuesday.The bench has directed Archeological Survey of India (ASI), custodian of the 12th century shrine, to complete demolition work within three months. They further directed that the demolition should be carried out carefully so that no damage is caused to the shrine. The court observed that the demolition is required for the safety of the age-old temple, and asked the Mutt authorities to co-operate with the district administration.Meanwhile, the fate of Badachhata Mutt, also in the line of fire for being perilously close to the Jagannath temple entrance, hangs in balance. The high court is scheduled to conduct hearing about that in May.The two Mutts had moved the High Court challenging the Puri district administration's contention that their structures were threat to the temple. The ASI had issued demolition notices to the Mutts in 2004. But the religious institutions had then managed to get stay orders from court.The matter relating to the safety of the shrine structure resurfaced after the temple's technical committee recently noticed some weak portions on the Lion's Gate and suggested immediate demolition of Chhauni Mutt as well as Badachhata Mutt.\"We welcome the high court judgment and expect a similar verdict about Badachhata Mutt. It was the need of the hour for the safety of the temple,\" Jagannath temple's chief administrator P K Mohapatra said.ASI's superintending archeologist A K Patel said, \"We will carry out the high court order and ensure that the temple structure remains unhurt.\"Chhauni mutt authorities were immediately not available for comment. But seers of some other mutts, who had been opposing the demolition move said, \"The mutts have been deeply attached to the rituals of Jagannath temple for long. The government should not raze it down.\" Some temple officials maintained that the two mutts had come up a few years ago by flouting ASI guidelines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12284549", "title": "'RP 2021 a big threat to Old Goa'", "text": "PANAJI: Noted town planner Edgar Ribeiro has stated that the RP 2021 plan for Old Goa has to be reviewed due to huge settlement interventions in violation of the norms for a heritage sites.\"The plan has to take into account the prohibited zones of 100 metres from the world heritage monuments and regulated area of 200 metres further on RP 2021 in consultation with the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI),\"Ribeiro said.But the ASI was not taken into confidence while the state level committee (SLC) drew up the plan. In a letter which he submitted to chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Wednesday, Ribeiro pointed out that as per requirements of the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains (amendment and validation) Act, 2010, the prohibited and regulated area has to be marked in the plan.No constructions can be allowed within the 100 metres around the monuments, according to the act. Beyond this prohibited zone, the development in the 200 metres further has to be regulated and it comes under the purview of the ASI's director general in Delhi.The top ASI official is vested with statutory powers to regulate the construction activity within the 300-metre zone and the town and country planning department has no role in planning matters within this area. As per the amended law, both the two zones for each of the ASI listed monuments must be clearly marked onto the village plan as the \"prohibited area\" and \"protected area\" in consultation with the ASI.The 14 monuments in Old Goa, including Basilica of Bom Jesus, Se Cathedral, St Cajetan's church, and Chapel of St Catherine are shown merely as dots on the plan. \"Each of these monuments must be represented with their foot prints onto the plan,\" Ribeiro stated.Around eight monuments and sites, St Pedro Church, ruins of the college of St Populo, Convent of St Monica, Chapel of St Francis Xavier , Chapel of The Mount, ruins of Brahmapuri with the boundary extending to the gate, Gomanteshwar temple and Tirtha (Water Tank) are other monuments which are protected by the state archives and archaeology department.\"These must be marked with their well-defined foot prints onto the village plans,\" Ribeiro stated in his letter, who had also submitted a letter with similar suggestions to town and country planning board after the notification of RP 2021.The buffer zone around these state protected monuments should be demarcated in the map. Any construction or development can only be in accordance to the Goa, Daman and DiuAncient Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains Act, 1978 and the amendment act, 2010.Heritage lovers have often expressed their disappointment that the Old Goa city is not considered in its entirety in the conservation effort. Haphazard development has marred the heritage character of the former capital of Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12284562", "title": "Satluj Club to go dry post 10.30pm", "text": "LUDHIANA: Satluj Club panelists are planning stern actions to keep a check on clashes among election contestants and the lavish parties that are thrown to woo the members. The contestants will be given lesser days to campaign this time while the bar will be closed after 10.30pm. It is expected that even the club's deadline would be advanced to 10.30pm.These steps would be taken considering the many clashes, including the recent one between two club members, during the annual general body meeting of the club, which is scheduled on March 20. The election dates would be announced at the meeting and the candidates would be given lesser time to campaign compared to past years.Club president and deputy commissioner Rahul Tewari said the atmosphere at the club gets affected if members clash and such brawls erupt mostly during the lavish parties organized by the contestants. \"To avoid it, the bar would be closed by 10.30pm from March 20, until the elections are held. We are, in fact, planning to shut down the entire club by 10.30pm until elections,\" said Tewari.Club members seem to be in agreement to the administration's prospective decision. Parveen Aggarwal, a member from Model Town, said all members come from respectable families and clashes are unfortunate incidents among such people. \"It's a good decision to shut the bar by 10.30pm,\" he added.Jatin Arora, a member from South City, said such a stern step was needed from the past few years as it would help maintain the decorum of the club. For Harinder Singh of Gurudev Nagar the decision has been taken for safety of club members so it doesn't matter.Contestants have already started campaigning though the dates are yet to be announced. Such steps would ensure order at the club,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12283759", "title": "DMK backs off, won't press for Lanka censure", "text": "NEW DELHI: After easing of tensions with Trinamool Congress , there is relief for Congress on the DMK front too with the southern party unlikely to force a showdown on the alleged human rights violations of the Sri Lankan Tamils as long as the government offers adequate assurances that it will not abandon their cause.The mellowing of DMK's stance comes in the wake of discussions with the government during which the Dravidian party was told that India would continue to press for a just settlement for the Tamils during the final draft of the proposed US-backed resolution at the UN Human Rights Council in Geneva.Government managers have urged DMK leaders to wait for the draft resolution to be finalized, pointing out that it is slated to come up for a vote only on March 23. They have said India will have to tread with care as both China and Pakistan will not back the resolution on the Tamils' rights `violations'.India could not allow its ties with Colombo to worsen and let China and Pakistan increase their leverage with the island nation apart from the possibility of New Delhi being subjected to similar resolutions. In fact, India had to ward off a hostile vote on Kashmir in Geneva in the past.DMK sources said there are strong sentiments in Tamil Nadu over alleged killings and torture of Tamils towards the end of the Lankan civil war, and while the party would want India to make sure Colombo did not duck its responsibility, it was not keen to create political instability at the Centre.\"We want India to insist that human rights of Tamils be protected, but will not destabilize the government,\" a senior DMK MP said, while government sources feel that the demand can be met without India having to support the human rights resolution.The Congress assessment is that DMK does not want to precipitate a showdown as it has little to gain by weakening the UPA government at this juncture when no alternative is in sight and the possibility of its rival AIADMK arriving at some sort of an arrangement with the Centre cannot be ruled out.Loss of clout at the Centre can only be to DMK's detriment and will buoy AIADMK that will see its opponent as having become more vulnerable. The reported threats of DMK pulling out its remaining ministers - after the exit of A Raja and Dayanidhi Maran - are not likely to be executed as long as India shows itself to be sensitive to the Tamils' plight.A possible reference to India's support for the full rehabilitation and political settlement of Tamils in Sri Lanka in Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's reply to the motion of thanks on the president's address in Parliament can address the emotive demand.The Sri Lankan High Commissioner's comments on the role of Indian MPs did generate some heat in Parliament, but the government hoped that the diplomat will not repeat his indiscretion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12289548", "title": "Will Ranjith take up the challenge?", "text": "It is going to be a movie with a different theme altogether. The lead lady of the movie, Kalki Subramaniam, a transgender activist, writer, actor and filmmaker from Tamil Nadu , has also garnered a lot of interest.Sources say that the producer of the movie now wants none other than National Award winner, director Ranjith, to direct it. \"The producer, who happens to be a woman, was so impressed by the script that she immediately gave her nod for the movie. Apparently, she had listened to a dozen scripts earlier but nothing appealed to her,\" says the source. However, it is yet to be seen whether Ranjith will take up the project as he is already busy with three other projects in 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12283636", "title": "Rajiv Gandhi's assassin Nalini gets back 'A' class jail facilities", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Thursday restored 'A' class prison facilities for S Nalini, who is serving life term in the Rajiv Gandhi assassination case. Nalini was being treated as 'A' class convict from September 10, 1999 till the privilege was withdrawn in May 2010 after a mobile phone was allegedly recovered from her cell during a surprise check.Nalini filed a petition questioning the authorities' claims and the downgrading of her status from 'A' class to 'B' class. A division bench of Justice K Mohan Ram and Justice G M Akbar Ali concurred with the submissions of her counsel M Radhakrishnan who said the inquiry by jail authorities was a sham, as Nalini was not given an opportunity to explain.Nalini was given 'A' class facilities as per court orders. During a surprise check on April 20, 2010, conducted by prison officials in the presence of the superintendent of prisons, Nalini was allegedly found to be in possession of a mobile phone, which is a prohibited article in jails. After an inquiry, she was downgraded to 'B' class as per Tamil Nadu Prison Rules 1983.An 'A' class prisoner is entitled to a bed with mattress, pillow, mosquito net, non-vegetarian food twice a week, newspapers and radio.After filing the petition, Nalini volunteered to be shifted to the central prison for women at Puzhal, and she was taken to Puzhal on June 28, 2010. Later, again on her representations, she was taken back to the special prison for women at Vellore in September 2011.Radhakrishnan argued that no inquiry was held and that as per Rule 303 (3) of prison rules, no prisoner could be punished unless she/he has been informed of the alleged offence and given proper opportunity to explain.After perusing prison records, the judges said: \"The extract would show that a proper inquiry was not conducted in the presence of Nalini. Therefore, the punishment imposed is not sustainable,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12285435", "title": "Rajasthan new home for Golf Club sambhars", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi is set to lose about 40 sambhars to Rajasthan. The animals, kept at the Delhi Golf Course at present, will be shifted to the Kumbalgarh Sanctuary near Udaipur because DGC officials claim that they are destroying the turf.On Thursday, attempts were made by the Rajasthan wildlife department to sedate and capture some animals though none could be caught. The exercise is to be repeated on Friday.The relocation programme has come under criticism from environmentalists in the city who said that the work had been undertaken in a hurry and officials should have waited for winter to reduce stress for the animals. \"This is not the time for the animals to be trapped and relocated. This is a long programme and relocation has to happen in lots. The animal population also has to be assessed for gender. Why are officials in such a hurry to get this work done? They should have ideally waited till November or December,\" said a wildlife activist.The permission for the transfer was issued recently even though the application had been pending with the forest department since the early 2000s. Sources in the government said that they were unwilling to let the sambhars go but DGC had been quite insistent on its stand. \"We were hoping that the management would change its mind but that did not happen. They say that the animals eat the vegetation and get in the way of golfers. However, no merit was found in that claim. Now Rajasthan had asked for sambhars for a couple of its sanctuaries and the government has finally given a go-ahead,\" said government officials.A team from Kumbalgarh is the city to carry out the capture and relocation. Sources said that all sambhars would be moved though the neelgai and peacocks would stay on, at least for the time being. Officials who carried out a physical examination of the animals to see whether they were fit to be transferred said that they were \"extremely healthy. Probably even healthier than they would be in the wild.\"On Thursday, the area under operation was closed off for the public. Three animals had been caught and maybe one was even injured but government officials denied the claims, sources said. A C Choubey, chief wildlife warden, Rajasthan said: \"The DGC has more sambhar than it can handle. All the necessary permissions are in place and we will relocate whatever number possible. Hopefully we shall be able to bring about 30-35 sambhars.\"The sambhars will first be kept for some time in a relocation enclosure and would then be released into the sanctuary, sources added.Some of the animals would be moved to Kumbalgarh initially while the others would later be sent tothe Kailadevi sanctuary. The process would take about a month, sources added. Despite repeated attempts, DGC officials did not respond to queries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12285669", "title": "Thai officials meet top cop", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a late night development in the capital, Union home secretary R K Singh, foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai, and the commissioner of Delhi police B K Gupta met top officials of the Thai security establishment at the south block on Thursday. The discussion veered on the sharing of information in the attacks carried out by alleged Iranians in both nations last month, top sources in the Delhi police said.The meeting lasted for over an hour and was attended by the top cop of the Thai security establishment. The make of the bomb and the manner of execution of the attack was discussed on a priority basis, sources said. Delhi Police now claims to have sufficient evidence to prosecute Kazmi and is expected to hold a press conference in the next two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12284958", "title": "Class XII student attempts to hang self in Vastrapur", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 19-year-old girl, who is appearing for her class XII exams, tried to end her life at her residence by hanging herself at her home from a ceiling fan by her dupatta on Wednesday. She was however rescued on time by her family members and has been admitted to a private hospital.Police are waiting for her to regain consciousness to record her statement. Reason behind the suicide however remains a mystery. Police officials probing the case said: \"It is either a case of exam anxiety or a family dispute. We are probing both the angles to ascertain what caused the girl to take this extreme step.According to Vastrapur police officials, Surya, 19, resident of a flat near Mansi Tower, was present at her residence on Wednesday when her parents started discussing her future and also told her to be prepared to relocate to Naroda. \"Surya was against the idea and had earlier discussed the issue with her parents that she had made her friends and future colleges were also nearby,\" said Vastrapur police officials. The girl ran into her room and got an iron barrel to stand on and hung herself. She is now in a hospital,\" said a cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12286092", "title": "Five robbers arrested in city", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Police on Thursday busted a robbers' gang by arresting five notorious criminals from Nayapally area here. Arms and ammunition were seized from them.The accused Rajendra Das alias Tiku, Chandan Dehuri, Nakul Das, Swaraj Prusty alias Chika and Sujit Lenka were wanted in several offences by Bhubaneswar, Kendrapada and Ganjam police, sources said. Though they hailed from Cuttack, Kendrapada and Bhadrak districts, they had been operating here since the last few months.\"The accused carried out a series of robberies and burglaries in the city. Chandan is a murder accused, wanted by Berhampur police. Sujit is a habitual bike-lifter,\" Bhubaneswar DCP Nitinjeet Singh said. \"The sixth member of the gang is on the run. He would be nabbed soon,\" Singh said. Apart from seizing a revolver and air gun, police found three live bullets, three sharp-edged weapons and two stolen with them.Police suspected that two of the accused were involved in the Rs 12 lakh-snatching case that had occurred in Saheed Nagar area here on January 25. Unidentified bike-borne miscreants had allegedly broken windows of a car and snatched away Rs 12 lakh from employee of an automobile showroom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12285233", "title": "Micro units revolt against power holiday in Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: A significant section of the micro-industrial units in the city's defied the government and worked on Thursday, a power holiday for the industry in the region. Sector leaders claimed that 60% of the 30,000 units in and around Coimbatore worked to send a clear message to the government that the latter's power policy was a failure.However, senior officials at Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation Limited (TANGEDCO) claimed the power holiday was complete and very few micro units worked and all other industries in the district were closed. High tension customers, read large manufacturers, followed the TANGEDCO schedule and stayed away from the protest. Industrial units are expected to remain closed voluntarily on the power holiday to enable the state to save electricity.J James, president, Tamil Nadu Association of Cottage and Tiny Enterprises, said the decision to run units on the day of the power holiday was taken at a meeting on Wednesday. The power holiday has not helped the industry and power cuts has continued for more than nine hours, he said. He said the industry was losing Rs 250 crore every day due to the power crisis. \"We are ready to face the consequences and even fight it out in the court. If they fine us for operating the units on the power holiday day, we will not pay\" James said.\"Why should we accept the power holiday when it is not helping industries?\" asked A Viswanthan, proprietor of the Sree Swathi Engineering Works, a micro industrial unit at Odyarpalayam. \"Power holidays were proposed expecting that it would bring some relief from the unscheduled power cuts. The government implemented the power holiday assuring that there would be only four hours of power cuts daily, but they didn't keep the assurance, he said.R D Nityanandan, who owns Sree Mahalaxmi Machine Tools which makes spares for compressors, said they were ready to face the consequences of defying the government dictate. For the past two weeks, all the industries followed the power holiday believing that there would be relief from the unscheduled cuts, but nothing has changed, he said.\"We are unable to pay wages to our labourers and banks are not ready to listen to our problems. Rent for the units is pending for many months now,\" he said.Unit owners said there were plenty of orders for various spare parts from automobile and textile industries. Units were earning at least Rs 40,000 every month, however this has fallen to Rs 15,000 and the orders have gone to the industries in north. If the trend continues, the units will have to be closed down, they said.However, A Thangavelu, chief engineer, TANGEDCO Coimbatore region, denied that the micro industries defied the power holiday. He said his officials were on the field to study the situation and except for very few units, almost all the units were closed. He added that industries found violating the order would be issued notice and fined as per the orders of Tamil Nadu Electricity Regulatory Commission.M Kandhaswami, president, Coimbatore District Small Industries Association, said the government has been petitioned to end the power holiday. \"It has not helped in reducing the power cuts and nine hours of power continue to exist. We will not deviate from our promise, but the government keep its words and reduce the power cuts.Mahendra Ramdass, President, Tamil Nadu Electricity Consumers Association, an umbrella body of HT consumers, said all firms have been asked to abide by the government order. \"We have to accept that the state has a serious power crisis. If the industry refuses to cooperate with government and start working on the power holiday, industry elsewhere would emulate the same and the situation would become much worse,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12283960", "title": "School Buzz student editors visit TOI office", "text": "NAGPUR: It was a momentous occasion for student editors of the maiden School Buzz news page. The eight students from CDS School (Katol Road) were felicitated at The Times of India office on Thursday for giving shape to their creative genius through TOI Nagpur's latest initiative School Buzz. The members of the School Buzz editorial board, as it was called, were also given a certificate for their participation in the activity.Sakshi Turkar, one of the editors, said, \"Being an editor was no easy task. One of the toughest parts was to reject articles from our friends and choose the piece to be published with neutrality. All our friends loved the page and it was an interesting opportunity for us and we consider ourselves lucky to have been part of this.\"Manisha Nagrare, parent of student editor Jigisha, said, \"It is the first time that such an initiative has been taken by any media outlet in this city. It was a chance for the kids to express their creativity. My daughter has taken part in various sports and other competitions but this exercise has given her a new career option.\"The school's principal Kenneth Mendonca said the enthusiasm shown by students had taken him by surprise. \"On the day School Buzz editorial meeting was being held, I was busy with the board exam preparations. Soon enough I saw these students coming to ask me questions for a news report they were filing. They were extremely excited about the unique opportunity and the school premises resembled a press office that day,\" said Mendonca. He added that a club should be started to connect students from different schools.PK Singh, parent of student editor Yashaswi, said, \"When I saw the School Buzz page, I was amazed that such a responsible job has been entrusted upon young students. I called up my parents in Patna and told them that Yashaswi was one of the editors and they thought I was joking. This has all been possible due to TOI's initiative and the faith shown in our kids.\"Anirban Banerjee, a student editor, said, \"My parents were very happy to see the role I had played in taking out the School Buzz edition. It is very rare for students to get an opportunity to get involved with something of this magnitude.\"The students along with their parents were given a tour of the TOI office following which some of them expressed the desire to take up journalism as a career. Jigisha Nagrare, student editor, said, \"School Buzz has given us an opportunity to show our parents there are other career avenues open to us. Usually everyone talks about medical and engineering field but journalism too is a field where one can excel.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12285676", "title": "Sahara Pariwar hosts new chief minister", "text": "LUCKNOW: After the swearing-in, the new CM Akhilesh Yadav, father Mulayam Singh Yadav along with his family members went to Sahara Shaher for a lunch organised by Subrata Roy Sahara, managing worker and chairman, Sahara India Pariwar.The lunch was also attended by newly appointed ministers and senior political leaders like Prakash Karat, Sitaram Yechuri, Biman Basu, AB Bardhan, Pramod Tiwari, Shiv Pal Yadav, religious leaders like Shahi Imam Maulana Ahmed Bukhari, Swami Awdheshanad, Maulana Khalid Rasheed Farangi Mahali and cinestar Zayed Khan. Sahara Pariwar chief conveyed his best wishes to Akhilesh Yadav for the new responsibility.Among others present were Akhilesh's wife Dimple, Naresh Agarwal, his son Nitin, Ayodhya MLA Pawan Pandey, new ministers Arvind Singh Gope, Abhishek Mishra, Raja Bhaiyya , Raja Ram Pandey, etc.Kamal Akhtar, Shahid Mansoor, MPs Neeraj Shekhar and Dharmendra Yadav and leaders from Akali Dal and many senior bureaucrats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12286166", "title": "Posco explores usage of Paradip port facility", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With its proposed captive port project at Jatadhari running into rough weather, Posco on Thursday held talks with Paradip port officers to explore possibilities of using the latter's facilities in case its mega steel project materializes in Jagatsinghpur district.A team from Posco, led by the company's deputy managing director H C Ryu, discussed the company's possible cargo requirements with Paradip Port Trust chairman G Jagannath Rao and other senior port officers at Paradip. \"We decided to form a joint team with three members each from both sides. The team would study the facilities in our port, Posco's needs and then submit a report,\" Rao told TOI.Sources said the joint team is expected to undertake its study between April 2 and 14. Rao had met Posco chairman-cum-managing director Yong-Won Yoon here on February 28 and proposed the South Korean company to consider using the facilities at Paradip port, a central government undertaking, instead of setting up its own captive port at Jatadhari, around 10 km from Paradip. \"Our port is old and there would be no depreciation costs. Hence, our rates will be comparatively cheaper for Posco,\" he explained.Posco exploring new options for port and raw material almost coincides with an inter-ministerial meeting organized by the Union government in New Delhi earlier this week to sort out issues like special economic zone for the company's project.While Posco's bid to access the Khandadhar iron ore reserves in Sundergarh district is locked in litigation, its proposed captive port at Jatadhari is facing resistance from different quarters on grounds that it would cause ecological damage and also adversely affect the prospects of Paradip port.Worried about lack of raw material linkage, Posco has reportedly held talks with Thriveni Earthmovers Private Limited, which is the raising contractor for at least six mines in Keonjhar district, for supply of iron ore in case its steel plant becomes operational.Thursday's meeting came a fortnight after Posco-India's CMD blamed the Odisha government for delay in lifting police restrictions on entering its steel project site in Jagatsinghpur and expressed the need to resume infrastructure and other works at the earliest. It was for the first time that the steel major hit out at the state government since signing an MoU with it in June 2005 for setting up a 12 million tonne per annum (MTPA) unit near Paradip. Yoon said the delay in establishing its steel plant could lead to about 20% cost escalation for the project, which was initially estimated at 12 billion US dollars.Unhappy with Posco blaming it, the state government had reiterated its support for the country's biggest FDI project and asked the steel company's bosses to come for a discussion. The meeting is yet to take place, official sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12285037", "title": "2,000 stations to help collect weather data", "text": "PUNE: The state government has proposed to install a network of more than 2,000 automatic weather stations (AWSs) throughout the state, up to the level of revenue circles, under the Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojna (RKVY). The project, being set-up on public-private partnership basis, will help farmers get real-time weather data in all blocks, enabling them to understand the weather in their locality. The data will not only be used for crop insurance purposes, but will also be helpful for the study of global warming and climate change.The project, which is being implemented by the department of agriculture, is in its nascent stage and the authorities are currently inviting expressions of interest for the appointment of a consulting firm.A senior official from the state agriculture department said, \"Data concerning weather parameters such as air temperature, relative humidity, wind speed and direction, rainfall, solar radiation, evapotranspiration and atmospheric pressure will be recorded. Readings will thus be collected automatically on an hourly basis through GPRS.\"The objective is to establish revenue-circle-wise network of AWS in the state consisting components such as sensors for weather observation, data logger, power unit, communication unit, and communication server, among other things. Sensors will record the weather data, which will be stored in the data logger. The data will go through several transit points in the arrangement, and finally, to the main station of the state.\"The weather data generated through the AWSs may be used for the preparation of location specific agro-advisory bulletins up to micro level, for disaster management, crop insurance purposes, etc\"., study of global warming, climate change and development of rainfall forecasting models,\" the official said. The data will also help farmers forecast the onset of pest and diseases, in establishing a weather database bank, and strengthening agriculture research work and effective extension work through agriculture universities and other organisations.\"Farmers will also be able to collect real time weather data, analyse the same and use it for development of crop varieties, horticultural and agronomic practices, as well as rainfall forecasting. Medium range weather forecast will help in taking short-term farm decisions such as planning of sowing/transplanting of crops, weeding and fertiliser application. This data can also be used by researchers,\" he said, adding that about 30 to 40 AWSs will be set up in each district of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12285606", "title": "South corporation eyes Town Hall after split", "text": "NEW DELHI: With no building available within the contours of what will be the South Delhi Municipal Corporation to house its headquarters, the director local bodies is left with just two options - the Town Hall or the Civic Centre. While Civic Centre is likely to be the new home for North Corporation, if South gets its headquarters at Town Hall it would become a tenant of the North.This fact has come to fore during the exercise undertaken by the director of local bodies appointed to divide the assets of each Corporation. In the new framework post trifurcation, one may see more such cases where a Corporation may end up paying for use of facilities (such as landfills), which may be available in greater number in another Corporation.The draft proposal for division of assets, staff and resources is ready and the director local bodies, R K Srivastava, will table the proposal at the next meeting of the Delhi Cabinet. The decisions regarding appointment of three commissioners and other senior functionaries will be taken at the meeting. The Commissioner will be an officer of the rank of joint secretary to the government of India. He will be appointed by the state with the consent of the union home ministryThe government, which controls the trifurcation of the Corporation's administrative machinery through the director local bodies, is clear that the Commissioners will be appointed soon after the polling on April 15. The new Corporations will begin functioning under the new councillors from April 20.According to sources, a proposal to divide the assets and personnel on the basis of demarcation of the Corporations is being considered. \"For instance, the Town Hall and Civic Centre will be an asset of North Delhi Corporation. Thus if South Delhi Corporation gets its headquarters for now in either if these two buildings then it will be a tenant,\" a source said. East Delhi Municipal Corporation is likely to have its headquarters at a DSIIDC office in east Delhi.In case of the staff, it has been proposed to create an interchangeable joint cadre of officials - starting from the level of the deputy commissioner. Those below this level could be given the option to choose a Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12285621", "title": "Model code: Poll panel rolls out guidelines", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a first, the Delhi State Election Commission has decided to set up a \"poster removal squad\" for each of the 12 municipal zones to ensure that posters do not deface public properties during election campaigning.Violators will be fined and police has been directed to register cases against them. With the election campaign officially expected to take off from Monday when the nomination process for the municipal poll starts, Delhi State Election Commission has rolled out a comprehensive set of guidelines to implement the model code of conduct during the campaign.Delhi election commissioner Rakesh Mehta has made it clear that this time posters, banners and hoardings will not be tolerated. \"The Delhi Prevention of Defacement of Property Act 2007 lays down punishment of up to 1 year imprisonment and fine of upto Rs 50,000 for violators. The Act is being implemented for the first time on such a large scale. Emphasis should be on door-to-door campaigning,\" Mehta said.The Commission has set up a coordination mechanism in which the assistant commissioners of all 12 MCD zones will create poster removal squads consisting of one police officer, a supervisor and labourers who can operate the required equipment. The squad will be provided with transportation facilities like trucks.Mehta elaborated that if a complaint is received by the returning officer in charge of the municipal ward, he would inform the assistant commissioner of the MCD zone who would record the violation through the videography unit assigned by the SEC. After this the squad would remove the posters. Police would then be informed so that a case can be registered.To ensure transparency in election process, the Commission has decided to upload affidavits of candidates on the official website of the Commission on the day they file for nomination.On code of conduct violations reported so far, Mehta said that they have received two complaints. One about some violations in a colony and the other about violations by the BJP-ruled MCD which passed a number of projects in a standing committee meeting after the code came into effect. \"In case of MCD, we have written to the civic agency about which projects cleared violate the code. For instance, naming and renaming of roads, and regularization of staff are violations. The MCD commissioner has assured that he will revert with a report,\" Mehta said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12285281", "title": "Foot on wrong pedal kills man", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 50-year-old roadside vendor was killed when a speeding car ran over him around 9.30am on Thursday. The incident took place at the road dividing sectors 34 and 44. The car was being driven by Ritu Diwan, 45, a Punjab government teacher attached with Government School in Bakarpur village, Mohali district. The deceased, Guru Prasad, has seven children, including five daughters and two sons. His two daughters are married and the youngest one, Nisha, is eight-year-old.Though one of the eyewitnesses claimed the woman was on her cellphone while driving, police said there is no evidence to believe the claim. In her statement to police, Diwan has stated that she wanted to apply brakes but accidently pressed the accelerator. Diwan's husband runs a chemist shop in Chandigarh.Suresh Nath, an eyewitness, said, \"Prasad was sitting at the roadside selling tobacco products when an uncontrolled, speeding car ran over him.\" When he was taken to Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH), Sector 32, doctors declared him brought dead.Prasad had received severe head injuries. His body has been kept in the mortuary of GMCH. The postmortem will be conducted after his family reaches the city from Uttar Pradesh (UP). A native of UP, Parshad was residing in Colony Number 4. Amar Singh, his neighbour, said, \"He was the sole earning member in his family.\"Police said Diwan, a resident of Sector 34, was going to the school when her car hit the vendor. She was arrested and later released on regular bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12284567", "title": "Accident on Nice road", "text": "BANGALORE: While NICE Road can take speeds of up to 140-160km per hr, the legally defined limit is 120km. In all likelihood, the mishap occurred because the driver lost control over the vehicle, or was overspeeding. The experience of the driver in handling the vehicle at high speed is a crucial factor that will determine why the mishap occurred, NICE authorities said. Most drivers stick to 80-100km an hour.A spokesperson said the entire NICE stretch is more or less straight, with only two curves - one at Gottigere and the other near Electronics City. \"The stretch from Andhrahalli gate to Kengeri, where the accident occurred, is straight, covering around 3km. The two curves on the expressway are not sharp. There are also no humps, to facilitate free flow of vehicles. There is a dipped median in the centre of the road, with some grass. There is a crash barrier at the left side of the expressway.\"City traffic police do not man the expressway nor are there speed interceptors as it is a private road, and the agreement with the government provides for traffic enforcement by NICE authorities. Instead, NICE has 18 vehicles on day-night patrol. The vehicles ply between toll booths and keep a watch on speedsters, irresponsible driving, illegal parking and any other activities. The patrol vehicles are in touch with a central command set up by NICE, who in turn are in touch with traffic police. In case of emergency, the central command informs the traffic police.Resident's takeRajesh Gowda, a resident of Kengeri and frequent user of NICE Road, told TOI that speeds of 140-160km per hour is common. \"Many young boys race here on bikes and in cars. There are engineering colleges at Kengeri and students from there are known to race in the mornings. Sometimes, accidents do happen under the influence of drugs and alcohol, but often, there is only loss of control over the vehicle.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12285048", "title": "Gujarat ranked 14 in education fund allocation", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Allocation of funds for the education sector in the state is just 13.9 per cent of the total state budget. Gujarat is ranked 14 in the country when it comes to allocation of funds. Speaking on supplementary demands of education, Gujarat Pradesh Congress Party President and Porbandar MLA Arjun Modhwadia said a state like Maharashtra has allocated 21 per cent of the state budget for education.He further said that the fund allocation in Chhattisgarh is 19.6 per cent. The figures for West Bengal, Bihar and Uttar Pradesh are 18.3 per cent, 18 per cent and 15.9 per cent, respectively, higher than Gujarat. Modhwadia alleged that despite high claims of development in the education sector in the last 10 years, the state has not witnessed any progress and the situation is becoming worse. He stressed that when it comes to literacy rate, the state is ranked 12 among other states, with 79.3 per cent literacy.Comparatively, Kerala, Mizoram, Tripura, Goa, Himachal Pradesh, Maharashtra, Sikkim, Tamil Nadu, Nagaland, Manipur and Uttarakhand have improved their ratio in the last decade. Gujarat, however, has not made any progress. He further said that the state is ranked 14 in school drop-out ratio. About 59.11 per cent students drop out after class 10, despite various programs announced by the government.The state government has announced programs like Gunotsav, Shala Pravesh Utsav (School Enrollment Drive) and Vanche Gujarat, but all have failed. The numbers of students studying in government schools have decreased sharply from 81 lakh to 60 lakh. This was an indication that parents were loosing their faith on government-run schools. He also raised questions over the deteriorating quality of education in Gujarat Technology. About 60 per cent students fail in examinations, which indicates the poor quality of higher education in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12283695", "title": "Indore students claim to wirelessly transmit power", "text": "INDORE: Two city-based engineering college lads claim to have developed a unique model to transmit 220 volt electricity without wires.Similar to Wi-Fi technology used in internet and mobile phone signal transmission, Anand Jain and Ajay Prajapati, final year graduate students studying electronics and communication at a private college here claim their technological innovation would make it possible to transmit electricity through electromagnetic waves.Next week the duo aims to demonstrate it in front of visitors of other colleges to their campus. They are also looking to approach Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers ( IEEE), the world's largest professional association for the advancement of technology based at New York, for further technical and financial assistance.They say it could be useful in many applications including laptops, robotics, and medical equipment \"Many foreign researchers are working on the concept but in India no such research paper have been presented,\" Jain claimed.Jain had conceptualized the idea four years back and even started working on it. But later in college, he got along with Prajapati and both discussed the concept with seniors in the field - but were left discouraged. Prajapati said : \"There is no circuit available on internet and little information on the concept. We talked to many but they merely discouraged us. However, we kept on working and ultimately made it possible to transmit electricity without wires.'It took six-months of long hard work for transmitting electricity wireless over a distance of nearly 7 inches. It took Rs 3,000 to develop model. Jain says, \"Many components got fused during our hit and trial methods, and the cost escalated to nearly Rs 15,000.\"To develop the model, the students took the help of Bhuwan Vishwakarma, an alumni of JEC, Jabalpur. He had frequently visited Indore to analyse their circuit and provide technical help. Vishwakarma said, \"This is something unusual and they did it with limited resources, collecting the components from various places and building a circuit on their own, which is unique. The technology may interest companies making electronic equipments.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12286255", "title": "7 doctors to face disciplinary action", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has decided to take disciplinary action against seven doctors who were found guilty in a CBI probe of posing as employees of a private medical college here.Chief minister Naveen Patnaik , acting on a report submitted by the CBI, has ordered the health department to initiate 'major disciplinary action', which would mean suspension, stoppage of increment and, if necessary, dismissal of the errant doctors, official sources said on Thursday.The government decision followed a two-year-long CBI inquiry, during which the country's premier investigating agency found the doctors engaging in fraud by posing as doctors of the Kalinga Institute of Medical Sciences (KIMS), which is part of the KIIT group of institutions here, during visit of a team from the Medical Council of India (MCI), official sources said. The medical college allegedly used the government doctors as it had a shortage of faculty to meet MCI norms, sources added.The CBI had on January 30 chargesheeted four persons of KIMS, including a member of its top management, an administrative staff and a professor, for forgery and criminal conspiracy, sources said. \"The state government would forward to the Union health ministry CBI's recommendation for appropriate action against the medical college,\" an official source disclosed. This case, sources added, was part of the CBI probe into the allegations of largescale irregularities and corruption during the tenure of Ketan Desai as MCI chief. CBI had arrested Desai in April 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12283477", "title": "Dinesh Trivedi\u2019s fate echoes Suresh Prabhu\u2019s fall from grace", "text": "NEW DELHI: The dramatic manner in which railway minister Dinesh Trivedi is set to lose his job for defying Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee's diktat has shades of Shiv Sena leader Suresh Prabhu's ouster from the Vajpayee Cabinet as power minister in August, 2002.Prabhu, like Trivedi, had incurred the wrath of his leader Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray, whose instructions about certain disinvestment decisions he refused to follow. Prabhu was a member of the Cabinet Committee on Disinvestment apart from being power minister.Although there are differences in the context as Trivedi's defiance seems to be rooted in his assessment that he was out of favour with Mamata, there are similarities in the railway minister claiming that he could not have violated his responsibilities to the department he heads by not increasing rail fares.Prabhu was seen as a clean and efficient administrator and the then PM Atal Bihari Vajpayee saw him as an asset in a crucial ministry. His reforms credentials, like Trivedi's, failed to impress Thackeray, who felt Prabhu was insensitive to the party's priority.Prabhu, too, had often been unable to cater to political demands made of him, including alleged instructions to stall specific proposals. Commentators at that time had expressed shock that Prabhu, credited with forward-looking power reforms, had to go for being \"too honest for his own good\".It was said that Prabhu was unable to contribute to Sena coffers, and this was seen as a disadvantage. Political sources agree that Banerjee may not have made any such demand of him, and he was perhaps a victim of growing mistrust he thought could not be repaired.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "12284500", "title": "Two youngsters killed in KTC bus-bike accident", "text": "VASCO: A bike rider and pillion were killed in an accident with a Kadamba bus near Mandovi Shipyard, a few meters from St Jacinto island, at around 9.20am on Thursday.The bus, which was not carrying any passengers at the time of the accident, collided with the two youngsters on the bike - Arjun Padloskar and Virendra Jadhav.Twenty-year-old Padloskar was employed with the Konkan Railway, according to the police, and was on his way to Sawantwadi when he met with the accident.Jadhav was a student of MES College in Vasco and was related to Padloskar. Jadhav had hitched a ride to Mapusa.The bus was headed towards Vasco from Cortalim when the collision took place. It first hit an electric poll and then the bike, dragging Padloskar along with it. It finally came to a halt when it hit a tree. While Padloskar was found crushed between the bus and the tree, Jadhav was found lying hurt on the road.An ambulance, called for medical help, declared Padloskar dead after preliminary checkup. Jadhav, on the other hand, was found to be breathing and was transferred to the Goa Medical College and hospital (GMC) for treatment. But he was declared dead on arrival by the doctors.Both bodies have been preserved at Hospicio for a postmortem.The bus driver Baburao Umakant Naik, 48, has been arrested for rash and negligent driving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12283970", "title": "A time for praying, fasting and charity", "text": "NAGPUR: The beauty of English spring has a spiritual note to it. The 40-day Lent period observed by Christians during this time also marks the beginning of Church's springtime or a period to start afresh. Historically, it is the 40-day period before Easter that the Church uses to prepare for the celebration of resurrection of Jesus Christ.The Christian community in the city is also observing the specific conduct prescribed by the Church. Emanating from the belief that Jesus Christ gave his life to pay for the sins of mankind, ChristianS trY to relive the pain and suffering in this period. Austerity becomes the cornerstone of their lifestyle as most give up a meal and also abstain from having meat.This period does not include Sundays, as they are days of celebrations. Wednesdays and Fridays hold a special meaning and on these days prayers are offered and the Way of the Cross is observed. Ash Wednesday marks the beginning of the Lent and Fridays, the day of crucifixion, are sacred and for mourning.These are also the days to observe fasts for feeble and infirm. Alice Paul, a devout Christian who works for an airline says, \"These 40 days are the time to test our will power. By abstaining, we save money and this is used for charity. As I suffer from migraine, I am unable to fast, but I do give up eating meat during Lent and make it a point to attend church on Wednesdays and Fridays.\"The introspection and self-realisation aspect too is consciously worked upon. Catherine Morris, a homemaker and church regular, feels that society makes it difficult for a person to turn over a new leaf. \"Introspection does bring some kind of self-realisation. But my gesture has to be reciprocated to be of some use. We observe Lent by giving up non-vegetarian meals and by doing charity. As far as good conduct goes, it cannot be confined to just 40 days, it has to be life long.\"Father Jerome Pinto, the vicar general at SFS Church, feels that mere preaching the sanctity of these rituals has a positive effect on the congregation. \"All these practices have a positive effect on people. We have seen that attendance in the church as well as charity goes up during this period. Gestures like spending time with the old and the infirm, helping others and doing kind deeds are all consciously performed,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12285515", "title": "FIR against policemen in \u2018assault\u2019 case", "text": "MUMBAI: The 9th court at Bandra has ordered the zonal deputy commissioner of police to register an FIR against four people, including two cops and conduct an inquiry in an alleged assault case.Gaus Akbar Pathan (19) and his mother in their complaint to the court said Ramdin Gupta and his brother Bhola, residents of Shahu Nagar, attacked Pathan and that senior inspector Lata Donde and sub-inspector Narendra Niswade supported their act.Police records show that Pathan had fallen down two floors while trying to enter the Guptas' tenement, allegedly to steal. Donde and Niswade had booked him for theft thereafter. Pathan and his mother then approached the court alleging he was attacked and that the cops supported the Gupta brothers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12283102", "title": "Akhilesh's cabinet, but Mulayam's men", "text": "LUCKNOW: Akhilesh Yadav formally took over the reins of UP on Thursday when he was sworn in as chief minister along with a team of 47 ministers, most of them old Mulayam Singh Yadav loyalists, among them the controversial Raghuraj Pratap Singh alias Raja Bhaiya who has been booked under POTA and has several cases pending against him.As the team didn't quite inspire confidence in his promise of providing clean politics in UP, many wondered whether Akhilesh has had a free hand in picking his ministry. Only one member of the so-called 'Team Akhilesh' - IIM-Ahmedabad's former professor Abhishek Mishra - has been picked as a minister of state.The size of the ministry is small compared to Mulayam's jumbo-sized 98-member cabinet, but it is still much larger than initial estimates as Akhilesh himself had talked about a small team. Doubts were being raised on the Samajwadi Party's intentions to check crime and criminals as 28 out of 47 ministers have criminal cases against them, even though a number of these cases could be political in nature.At a ceremony at the La Martiniere school grounds, 19 cabinet ministers were inducted and 28 ministers of state. The ceremony was attended by several political bigwigs, among them Union cabinet minister Pawan Bansal and veteran Congress leader Motilal Vora. There were also Prakash Karat and Sitaram Yechury of CPM and A B Bardhan of CPI which made political pundits wonder whether Mulayam was cosying up to the Left for the possible formation of a non-Congress, non-BJP political front.While the SP was successful in shedding its anti-English, anti-computer image under Akhilesh during the election campaign, he will still have to explain the inclusion of the likes of Raja Bhaiya and Mahmoob Ali, who faces 15 criminal cases. Akhilesh later defended Raja Bhaiya's inclusion saying he had been a minister before. Also, glimpses of the old SP were on display at the ceremony as hundreds of SP workers climbed on to the stage as soon as the ceremony ended to trigger a free-for-all.After the swearing-in ceremony, Akhilesh Yadav went to the CM office at the secretariat annexe to take charge and later addressed a news conference at 5, Kalidas Marg -official residence of the UP CM - where he promised to implement all the promises made in the party manifesto. At his first cabinet meeting it was decided that all girl students passing Class X would be given laptops.This done, the Mulayam Singh family, including Akhilesh and his wife Dimple and Shivpal Yadav, headed for Sahara Sheher for a lunch hosted by Sahara chief Subrata Roy. The lunch was also attended by the visiting Left leaders and other political and business notables, including Anil Ambani. Jaya Bachchan and Zayed Khan.At one level, Akhilesh's team has been picked with care - almost all castes and communities have found representation. Although the 18% job quota for Muslims promised by SP is yet to materialize, the party has given 20% ministerial berths to the community by inducting 10 ministers - three cabinet and seven ministers of state. The maximum number of Cabinet ministers are Yadavs (6), followed by five Thakurs, three Brahmins, and two Dalits.While L K Advani didn't turn up for the swearing in, leaving Kalraj Mishra as the sole BJP representative, the presence of BSP leaders Naseemuddin Siddiqui and Swami Prasad Maurya was a surprise. The unexpected arrival of BSP leaders evoked a warm welcome as senior SP leader Ram Gopal Yadav hugged them and later escorted the two to meet Mulayam.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12283564", "title": "Notice to St Joseph\u2019s School for violating RTE", "text": "BHOPAL: A prominent private school in the city was found conducting admission tests of students of class I on Thursday for allegedly violating the Right to Education (RTE) Act. Acting on the orders of the District Education Officer (DEO) and the intervention of the District Project Coordinator (DPC), the written exam was cancelled and a notice was served to the school for the same.On Thursday, St Joesph's Co-ed School, Kolar branch, was allegedly conducting admission test of students. There were 54 students of class I and 18 students of class VI. When DPC KK Agrawal reached the school and served a notice to the authorities, the exam was called off. Agrawal said, \"I reached the school around 11 am. The exams were on. After the notice was served to them, the authorities gave an apology in writing, saying that it was a mistake on their part.\"He said, \"A letter has been sent to Rajya Shiksha Kendra Commissioner Ashok Barnwal about the incident. He would take a decision on the matter.\"DEO CM Upadhyay, who was on an inspection duty of the on-going board exams, had instructed the DPC to intervene after a tip-off. Upadhyay said, \"The matter would be probed on Friday. If the school is found guilty, they would be charged under relevant sections of the RTE and penalized according to the same.\"School's spokesperson Vasundhara Sharma said, \"No formal exam was being conducted. Only eligibility of students was being tested. In fact, only handwriting was being examined.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12284878", "title": "Economic Survey: Spurt in public spending on healthcare reaping dividends", "text": "NEW DELHI: Increased public spending on health seems to be finally reaping results with accessible, affordable and equitable healthcare gradually becoming a reality for the country's most backward and rural population. According to the economic survey presented by finance minister Pranab Mukherjee on Thursday, the combined revenue and capital expenditure on medical and public health, sanitation and family welfare has increased from Rs 53,057.80 crore in 2006-07 to Rs 96,672.79 crore in 2010-11.However, the survey admits that the expenditure of the government on public health as a percentage of GDP is low.India's flagship National Rural Health Mission launched in 2005 has started to make large strides after the ramping up the much-needed human resources' strength. Against a scenario, where most doctors refuse to practice in rural settings, the ministry of health added over 1.4 lakh health officials upto last September- 11,712 doctors/specialists, 10,851 practicing Indian systems of medicine, 66,784 auxiliary nurse midwives (ANMs), 32,860 staff nurses and 14,434 paramedics.Over 8.55 lakh Accredited Social Health Activists (ASHAs) have been selected till date. As many as 8, 330 primary health centers (PHCs) have started providing round-the-clock medical service. Around 442 districts have been equipped with mobile medical units.There has also been a steady increase in healthcare infrastructure. Till March 2010, 1.47 lakh sub-centres, 23,673 PHCs and 4,535 community health centres (CHCs) were functioning in the country.However, one of the main problems plaguing these centers are poor upkeep and maintenance and high absenteeism of manpower. Janani Shishu Suraksha Karyakram (JSSK), which was launched last June, that provides free entitlements to pregnant women and sick newborns for cashless delivery, C-Section, drugs and consumables, diagnostics, diet during stay in the health institutions, provision of blood, exemption from user charges, transport from home to health institutions and drop back from institutions to home received a major financial boost - Rs 1,437 crore during 2011-12. The programme has been rolled out in 264 high focus districts across 21 states.The ministry has also been pushing for integrating ayurveda, yoga and naturopathy, unani, siddha and homeopathy (AYUSH) into the national healthcare delivery system. Himachal Pradesh, Jammu and Kashmir, Mizoram, Manipur, Tripura are being assisted for setting up of 50-bed hospitals, while 10-bed AYUSH hospitals for Sikkim and Assam.In order to develop and promote the Indian system of medicines in an organized and scientific manner, over Rs 900 crore was allocated for 2011-12. The National Programme for Prevention and Control of Cancer, Diabetes, Cardiovascular Diseases and Stroke (NPCDCS) was allocated Rs 125 crore in 2011-12, while another Rs 1700 crore has been earmarked for the National Aids Control Programme with the objective of halting and reversing the HIV epidemic in the country by integrating programmes for prevention, care, support and treatment.Geriatric care has also received a major push with the introduction of the National Programme for Health Care of the Elderly (NPHCE) under which 30-bed departments of geriatrics in eight identified regional medical institutions have been sanctioned.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012, Rail Budget 2012 , Pre Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12289903", "title": "'Basanta Utsav' to narrate five stories", "text": "It's a story of love, desire and relationships that unfolds during the Holi celebrations in Santiniketan. Not surprising then that Rhitobrata Bhattacharya's debut film is titled \"Basanta Utsav\".How is the Holi backdrop integral to the film? \"Rong makhle chena manush ochena hoye jai aar ochena manush chena hoye othe\", is how Rhitobrata sums up his labour of love. \"Five stories are woven together in \"BU\" and all of them are about facets of love - the crisis, the meaning, the quest, the emptiness, the desire. The first story is about Parambrata and Paoli, while another revolves around Rudranil and Swastika. The third one centres around Tanusree, while the other two are about two ordinary families,\" says the director.Paoli comes to Santiniketan from Kolkata for Basanta Utsav, where she meets Parambrata, a PhD student. \"They get involved in a relationship, but Param is clueless about her identity - she is a mystery girl and over the three days of the festival, Param explores his love for her. Tanusree, on the other hand, plays a student who gets into a relationship with a married man,\" Rhitobrata says.We ask him about the few bold scenes in the film. \"Well, yes, there are a few but all of them are integral to the story. Swastika, for example, plays a housewife, while Rudranil, a bachelor, is his neighbour. One night, Rudra spies on Swastika changing in her house and becomes obsessed with her. The story explores their relationship during Basanta Utsav,\" reveals Rhitobrata.The story is by the director and Anjan Bandopadhay, while the script has been penned by Samantak Ghosh and Rhitobrata. Soumik Haldar is the DoP of \"BU\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12284044", "title": "Protect villagers\u2019 forest rights: Ramesh to CM", "text": "NAGPUR: With villages covered under the community forest rights (CFRs) in Gadchiroli encountering problem over transit passes (TPs), the union minister of rural development, Jairam Ramesh, on Thursday urged Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to ensure that Mendha (Lekha) success was not only replicated but also accelerated.On April 27, 2011, Ramesh and Chavan had handed over TPs for bamboo to the Mendha (Lekha) gram sabha under the CFR recognised under the Forest Rights Act 2006. Since then, CFRs have been recognized in some 400 villages in Gadchiroli district. Mendha (Lekha) was India's first CFR success story.In a letter to Chavan, Ramesh, who met community rights activist Devaji Tofa and a section of NGOs on Thursday, apprised the chief minister of practical problem of control over TPs.In 10-15 villages, where TP control wa recently transferred from the forest department to gram sabha, the forest department had already issued TPs along with work orders for felling bamboo to a private company BILT a few months back.Thus, an odd situation seems to have arisen where gram sabhas and the private company both have TP books. \"This problem did not arise in Mendha (Lekha) as BILT was denied TPs. The paper mill continues to want access to large forests and not move to farmer-harvested bamboo,\" Ramesh has said. BILT controls some 70% of the bamboo area in Maharashtra (around 841,000 hectares). This area is in the tribal dominated Gadchiroli and Chandrapur districts.The cost of bamboo supplied through government contracts is much lower and this distorts the market for community-grown bamboo. The paper mill pays state a royalty of Rs 650 (raised to Rs 1,500) per tonne of bamboo, but the rise has been challenged by BILT in the court. The private contractors pay Rs 2,500 per tonne. The same bamboo is sold at Rs 6-7 per metre in open market. The forest department earns Rs 5,000 per tonne for bamboo it sells to artisans and other users.Looking at the impact Gadchiroli bamboo initiative would have in Naxal affected areas, Ramesh has urged Chavan to cancel contracts or leases of the forest areas where CFRs have been recognised.Besides, gram sabhas willing to exercise ownership right over non-timber forest produce (NTFPs) as in the case of Mendha (Lekha), should be given working capital as well as technical support from the forest department in selling, marketing of NTFPs such as bamboo, Ramesh has suggested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12284121", "title": "Senior faculty making guest appearances, risk patients\u2019 life", "text": "NAGPUR: The sorry condition of the government hospitals in the city becomes sadder by the absence of the senior doctors of these institutions. Several of the OPD's at Mayo hospital are regularly being run by the resident doctors and interns, while the seniors and unit in-charges limit their appearances to a few minutes a day. A patient claims to have formally complained against one such doctor. However, the hospital authorities deny having received any such plaint.Lawyer Sandesh Indorkar said he had gone to the skin OPD of the Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital (IGGMCH), where the in-charge Dr D Mishra came in only after a wait of a couple of hours. Instead of attending the patients, the doctor started telling them all to come to the private hospital where he practised as the OPD time was almost over, he said. Shocked by this behaviour, I went and spoke to the dean about the incident. He assured me he would look into it,\" the lawyer added.Dean Dr Prakash Wakode, however, said that he had not received any such complaint. \"This sort of behaviour should not be tolerated in public hospitals. If we get a formal complaint against any doctor indulging in such practices and the charge can be proved, we would take strict disciplinary action against the offender,\" said the dean.Talking about an AIDS patient who was waiting for the doctor that day, Idorkar said, \"He had rashes all over his body and had been coming to the OPD for the last couple of days. Being an AIDS patient, he was so concerned about the condition that despite the embarrassment he went to the female OPD.\"However, refuting all the charges Dr Mishra said, \"Untill a patients asks himself, I would never tell him about my private practice. I am always accessible to the patients. He may have come when I had gone to a national conference at Jaipur. Such leaves are always well planned and we never availed without informing the hospital authorities.\"A hospital source said that Dr Mishra was not the only one taking his duties at the hospital lightly. \"There are many other doctors who are almost never seen in the OPDs. Even the surgery department has to be dependent on ad hoc lecturers. Departments like paediatrics, ophthalmology and psychiatry also have similar problems,\" said the source. While some of the unit in-charges are rarely around the OPD's, patients of some other departments suffer due to in-fights among the doctors, he added.\"Several of the senior teachers are present during the official rounds that the dean takes regularly but minutes after the dean leaves, they too disappear. Many of them don't even take our classes regularly,\" said a student from the hospital. It becomes difficult for us sometimes when there is a particularly difficult case to handle, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12284637", "title": "Nagapalsa garden is a stress buster for family", "text": "LUDHIANA: For Rakesh Nagapal, a businessman of BRS Nagar B Block, and his family, garden is a stress buster besides the greenery and fresh air it supplies. No wonder, the greens loving family has been maintaining a front and terrace garden very beautifully.Says 50-year-old Suman Nagapal, the homemaker wife of 60-year-old businessman Rakesh Nagapal, \"Ours is a stressful life. My son, Arjun, 26, who runs a hosiery business, my daughter in law Shilpa, who is a student, my businessman husband and I have a very hectic schedule. So whenever we feel stressed after day's work, we take refuge in the gardens. This is the main reason we are managing two gardens, a front garden of 150 square yard and terrace garden of 250 square yards.a??She says in the front garden, they have a good number of green ornamental trees, including a 40 feet long bottle palm tree, Areca palms, Kangi Palm and also Monkey puzzle trees. The flowers in the front garden include dog flower, pansy, petunia, kalian flower and dhoop kheri.In the terrace garden, we mostly have roses and seasonal flowers. We have roses in various hues, including yellow, red, orange, pink and white and also double colour of yellow and light orange type. Among the seasonal flowers, we have marigold, petunia, orchid, poppy flower and pansy. In both the front and terrace gardens, we have selection number one grass,a?? she says.Rakesh Nagapal, husband of Suman, chips in, \"We get the flowers and ornamental plants from a nursery on Pakhowal road and from near Malerkotla. We also have a gardener to look after the gardens even as my wife takes special care of these green areas in our home.\"It feels great to be in the gardens which bring you closer to Mother Nature, he adds.Suman jumps into the conversation, saying, \" Last year, I did lot of yoga and also morning and evening walk in the gardens, but then left it due to hectic work schedule. Now, I am seriously planning to revive the healthy habit.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "12284110", "title": "Couple from Meerut commits suicide in Jodhpur", "text": "JODHPUR: A couple committed suicide here in a guest house by consuming toxic pills on Thursday afternoon. Both of them died during treatment at hospital. The couple had come from Meerut and had been staying in the guest house for the past five days.Police have found two suicide notes in their room, which said they were committing suicide on their own will and nobody was responsible. \"A report is registered by the girl's parents at the local police station in Meerut. We have informed the police station concerned and her parents,\" a police official said.SHO (Sadar Bazar PS) Gajendra Singh said a boy and a girl identified as Vigyan Tyagi and Renu Mittal from Meerut had come to Jodhpur and checked in at Kuchaman Haveli, a guest house in the Walled City on March 11. They were rushed to the MG Hospital by the guest house staff on Thursday afternoon, when they found them vomiting in their room after consuming the pills.\"We were also informed by the guest house about the incident and that both of them had been rushed to the hospital. When we reached the hospital, doctors were trying to save them but they succumbed during treatment,\" Singh said.According to the preliminary investigation, both were in love and had eloped from Shravan Khurd of Meerut. \"An FIR has also been registered by the parents of girl in the police station there. We have informed the police station and her parents,\" Singh said. The preliminary investigation also suggests that Vigyan was already married and was into extra-marital relationship with Renu, who was quite younger than him. \"Though, we have no evidence to claim this notion but on the basis of the preliminary observations apparently, the boy was already married,\" the SHO said. He added police at the moment has no evidence that the couple was married.In the two separate suicide notes found in their room, addressed to police and family members, they had mentioned that they have been taking this extreme step on their own will as they regretted their decision and had no courage to face their families. Addressing police, they said they were committing suicide on their own free will and nobody was responsible for it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12283751", "title": "BJP protests train fare hike", "text": "INDORE: The Madhya Pradesh unit of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Thursday demonstrated in front of Indore railway station against the proposed fare hike in the railway budget by the Congress-led UPA government, here.The state unit BJP president Prabhat Jha undermined the declaration of three trains from Indore in the railway budget. \"This is just a lollypop to pacify the people of Madhya Pradesh in general and the people of Indore in particular.\"He said that by announcing the Indore-Habibganj, Indore-Rewa and Indore-Yeshwantpur trains, the Centre has not done anything to help connect the financial capital of Madhya Pradesh with rest of India. On the poor passenger amenities in the trains, he said, \"Look at the pathetic condition of toilets and catering services in trains,\" said Jha adding that by increasing passenger fare, the UPA government has imposed a heavy burden on the train passengers.The BJP leaders including Mayor Krishna Murari Moghe and chairman of Khadi Gram Udyog Satyanarayan Sattan also took part in the demonstration against the rail budget.The leaders said that the Union government has not sanctioned enough funds for the completion of pending railway projects in the state.The demonstration was organized under the guidance of BJP's city unit chief Shankar Lalwani.The BJP criticised the decision of the UPA government to increase the passenger fare. A delegation led by Lalwani handed over a memorandum to railway authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12284288", "title": "Maharashtra cops held with liquor worth Rs 90k", "text": "MAPUSA: Ten officials of the Maharashtra police attached to police headquarters, Navi Mumbai, were detained by Pernem police for illegally carrying liquor worth 90,000, at Patradevi checkpoint in Pernem, Goa on Wednesday night. Police also detained vehicle driver Ramesh Kumar in this connection.According to Pernem police, they had specific information that a Maharashtra registered private bus would be carrying liquor from Goa to Maharashtra via Patradevi.Accordingly, police under supervision of PI Chetan Patil kept watch and traced the vehicle at Patradevi at about 7.30pm on Wednesday. When police checked the vehicle they found 35 boxes of liquor illegally being carried to Maharashtra. Police said there were 500 bottles of whisky of different brands being transported without excise department permissions in the vehicle.Police said those detained were \"police on escort duty to a Reserve Bank of India cash container\" bringing cash to banks in Goa. They were returning to Mumbai in the bus hired by RBI for transportation of a cash container.Pernem police detained all the Maharashtra police personnel and the vehicle driver and also seized the liquor boxes.Excise department registered a case against all those involved. Pernem excise inspector Rajesh Naik said they have seized the liquor and attached the vehicle. Goa excise department permissions allow liquor to be carried only to Daman and Diu.Police said further investigations are in progress.INFOGRAPHICMaharashtra police team was returning to Mumbai after escorting RBI cash containersLiquor worth Rs 90,000 seized, including 500 bottles of whiskyDetainees include PI Shivaji Raut, ASIs Balu Gosavi and Suresh Wagh and seven hawaldars and constables", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12284158", "title": "Rail budget fails to enthuse people of Bihar", "text": "PATNA: Unlike the earlier ones, the railway budget 2012-2013 fiscal has failed to enthuse people from Bihar which has given the maximum number of railway ministers in the past namely Jagjiwan Ram, Ram Subhag Singh, L N Mishra, Kedar Pandey, Ram Vilas Paswan , Nitish Kumar , Digvijay Singh ( junior minister) and Lalu Prasad. The fund allocation for Bihar projects is said to be low for all time.However, technical experts of the railways described the rail budget presented on Wednesday as growth-oriented and futuristic as well. \"Unless proper planning is chalked out in advance, the railways could not be put back on tracks . At a time when the railways is intending to run fastest trains in the country, safety must get top priority. This is possible only when the railways adopts modernization,\" they said.The proposed rail budget which focuses on tracks, bridges, signalling, rolling stock and upgradation of stations across the country is bound to generate growth and revenue for the railways in future. \"This is true that railways has not increased its fare for the past eight years, hike in fares which is nominal as compared to other modes of communication, including flights, has become a must for the railways due to economic constraints,\" they pointed out.Signalling has been a major cause for mishaps on tracks. Perhaps it is with this intent that the railways is keen to improve signalling system up to 19000 km. Besides, the rail budget proposes to spend about Rs 1.70 lakh crore on the rolling stock (bogies) in the next five years. Maintenance of rolling stock is necessary if the railways proposes to run mail and express trains at the minimum 160 km per hour in each zone of the railways, said a Railway Board official.From the East Central Railway ( ECR) point of view, the rail budget intends to complete new lines, including Banka-Kakwara, Danapur-Pataliputra and Daniawan-Chandi routes, in the 2011-2012 fiscal itself. However, the rail budget has targeted to complete new lines on Khagaria-Alauli, Harnagar-Kushweshwarasthan, Chandi-Biharsharif and Kosi bridge routes during 2012-2013, a Board official said, adding the budget also proposed to take up survey work for new lines located on the Barauni-Hasanpur via Bhagwanpur and Cheria Bariarpur and Jehanabad-Arwal via Kinjar.Technical experts of the railways admitted that the proposed plan of the railways to set up an independent railway safety authority for maintaining statutory safety body at the national level would go a long way in curbing mishaps on tracks, especially during winter, they said, adding the railways has planned to reduce further accident ratio from 0.55 to 0.17 percent across the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12284715", "title": "Undaunted Jafri again demands SIT report", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After the Supreme Court-mandated SIT submitted all documents related to its report on chief minister Narendra Modi and others' alleged roles in the 2002 riots, complainant Zakia Jafri demanded a copy of the report once again from the magisterial court.This time, Jafri also urged the court to declare the report as public document. A similar demand was made last week by a victim of Naroda Patia massacre case and a hearing on this issue had taken place. The court was to pass an order on that application on Thursday.However, with a similar application filed again by Jafri, the probe agency sought time from the court to file its reply. The court has scheduled March 27 for further hearing on the issue. Earlier, the court had rejected applications filed by Jafri and social activist Teesta Setalvad, wherein they demanded copy of the report, which was submitted by SIT last month in a sealed cover. The court had on February 15 asked SIT to submit all related documents within a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12284263", "title": "Shah Commission report given to Centre", "text": "PANAJI: Mining beyond permissible limits was carried out in Goa causing environmental degradation, the Justice M B Shah Commission inquiring into illegal mining has found. Sources said that the commission's report submitted to the Union mines ministry on Thursday has also found that state and central government agencies failed to stop illegal mining in Goa.Sources indicated that the report has also discussed in detail the destruction to the environment caused by rampant mining. The commission is believed to have said that over half the operating mines committed illegalities on various counts, ranging from violation of environment norms to mining outside permitted areas. The commission is also believed to have found several front companies operating in the mining industry. It also made an assessment of exports of iron ore to foreign countries.Speaking to TOI from Gujarat, former Supreme Court judge and commission chairman Shah said the report had been submitted.Confirming this from Delhi, Union minister for mines Dinsha Patel said, \"The Shah Commission submitted the report to me today (Thursday) evening. We will study the report and within six months an action taken report will be tabled in Parliament.\"The minister also said that he has directed mines secretary to study the report in detail.Shah, after conducting a public hearing against illegal mines in October 2011, had announced that the commission would submit a report within 45 days. This report was delayed by over four months, its submission being put off many times.BJP, NGOs and social activists had accused the Congress government of delaying the report's submission due to the assembly elections in Goa.The commission was set up by the UPA government to investigate illegal mining and recommend steps for sustainable mining. The Shah commission will next submit its report on mining in Orissa.The commission investigated Goa's iron ore extraction, trading and exports, and since mid-September 2011 had inspected 90 working mines and 30-odd non-working leases. Goa is one of the largest exporters of iron ore from India.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said he is waiting for the report. \"I am waiting for the Shah Commission report to take action against illegal mining.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12287639", "title": "Union Budget 2012-13: Defence Budget hiked by more than 17 per cent", "text": "NEW DELHI: With several defence deals including the one to procure 126 combat aircraft for the IAF expected to be clinched this year, the Defence Budget was substantially hiked by more than 17 per cent to Rs 1,93,407 crore from last year's Rs 1,64,415 crore.Of the total outlay, over Rs 79,500 crore would be spent on procuring modern weapons systems and military hardware.This allocation is based on the present needs and any further requirement for the security of the nation would be made, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee said.The deals which are likely to be signed this year include 126 Medium Multi Role Combat Aircraft (MMRCA), 145 Ultra Light Howitzers (ULH), 197 Light Utility Helicopters and others weapons and systems for the three services.Presenting the budget, Mukherjee said that Rs 1,93,407 crore has been allocated for defence forces of which over Rs 79,500 crore would be earmarked for capital acquisition.India plans to spend over $100 billion on defence acquisitions in the next five to 10 years.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12284692", "title": "Porngate ministers barred from Karnataka Assembly", "text": "BJP MLAs Laxman Savadi, CC Patil and J Krishna Palemar, who quit as ministers after they were caught allegedly watching a porn clip in the assembly, will have to stay out of the upcoming budget session.\"The three MLAs are not eligible to attend the session till the House committee probing the issue submits its report and the House takes a decision,\" assembly speaker K G Bopaiah said.The four-member all-BJP probe panel dropped the move to question 8-10 other legislators, who, too, reportedly watched the sleazy clip. \"We will not call them in as it's out the terms of reference,\" committee chief Srishailappa Bidarur said.Earlier in March, committee member Nehru Olekar had said 8-10 more MLAs, including those from the opposition, had watched the clip.The panel discussed legal aspects of the case with top officials of the law department. After its final sitting on Friday, the committee may submit its report to the Speaker on March 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12288661", "title": "Excited to tie up with B\u2019wood: Daniel Dubiecki", "text": "Daniel Dubiecki, the producer of 2010 Academy Award nominated film Up In The Air is in India.And he is busy reaching out to movie industries across the world, trying to forge alliances. \"We're crossing cinematic borders, and we'd like India to be part of that movement,\" says the man. In a brief tete-a-tete with Mumbai Mirror, Daniel reveals his plans about Bollywood.Q Do you think the Indian film industry is ready for a movement like this?A Why not? I know that the industry here has been famous for making films only for the Indian market. But there are also plenty of stories that can cross over. Moreover, the industry is changing.The distribution laws have changed. The theatrical motion picture outlet has been around for a hundred years. Now there is the internet, mobile and other media. The rules of communication are changing radically. For me this is an opportunity. I am looking at theatrically driven films, new television shows and many other means of communication.Q In 2007, your film Juno was received very well across the globe. Do you think that kind of success can be repeated?A That's a very hard question to answer. What happened with Juno was very special. But if you look at the Oscar roster in the last five or six years, there are only a couple of films that cross over to a large audience each year. This year there's The Artist.Q So as a leading producer of America do you favour small or big productions?A I like both. I've had an extraordinary experience with crossover cinema, so I'd never let go of that. I'm not interested in the big spectacles unless they've high credibility and interesting storylines. I'm working on both kinds of films.Q How far do you intend to take your collaboration with Bollywood?A I'm only here for a couple of days. So it's hard to say. I am looking at the potential of animation films here. I am looking at financial collaborations as well. I'm looking at Indian stories that can be told from a global point of view.Q Which actors in Bollywood do you like?A I haven't really studied individual actors. I'm really excited to bring the expertise from my part of the world and to collaborate with Indian cinema.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12286257", "title": "Cop's wife dies of burns", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Mystery shrouded the death of a woman, who was found burnt in her house in Laxmisagar area here on Thursday. The deceased, Shanti Pradhan (43), was wife of Ranjit Pradhan, the personal security officer (PSO) of Odisha Assembly Speaker, police said.She was alone at home when the mishap took place. After receiving complaint from some neighbours, police rushed to her house and found her with serious burns. \"She was rushed to the Capital Hospital. She died during treatment,\" a police officer said.Police suspected her clothes caught fire accidentally following gas leakage in the kitchen. \"We are also inquiring whether it was a case of suicide or not,\" he added. Neighbours said there was no discord in her family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12289702", "title": "Gattu at the Berlin Film Festival", "text": "Gattu, a fun film about a child's desire to fulfill his dream, has already made a mark at the Berlin Film Festival.However, it doesnt stop there. Mirror has learnt that the Children's Film Society India (CFSI) film, directed by Rajan Khosa, has been invited by four major international film festivals and will soon release in India as well.First headed to the Indian Film Festival of Los Angeles (IFFLA), the film will, subsequently, travel to the Toronto International Film Festival ( TIFF ) Kids, Beijing International Film Festival and Asia Pacific Screen Awards.Said an excited Rajan Khosa, \" Gattu, played by Samad Mohammad, is a small town boy and a natural kite flyer. The film truly belongs to the community of Sati Mohallah in Roorkee where we shot.\"Exclaimed Nandita Das , Chairperson, CFSI, \"Gattu reflects our intent of making children's cinema entertaining yet enriching and uniquely Indian, yet universal.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12281081", "title": "Baby Falak leaves for a better world", "text": "NEW DELHI: Five surgeries and 56 days after she was admitted to hospital, two-year-old Falak suffered a third heart attack at 9.40pm on Thursday. All efforts by the doctors to revive her failed -- and Falak left the brutal world she had briefly inhabited for, hopefully, a better one.It was a tragedy that sickened and shocked a nation and had millions offering prayers. On January 18, the little girl was admitted to the AIIMS trauma centre with severe head injuries, both arms broken and human bite marks all over her body. The same day, she suffered a heart attack, followed by another on January 21. But she clung on tenaciously, to a life that had offered her nothing but pain and trauma.Public outrage at her plight spurred investigations that uncovered a sordid tale of exploitation and callousness, and led to the arrest of 13 people accused of human trafficking. Police finally tracked down her biological mother, Munni -- herself a victom of circumstances -- in Jhunjhunu, Rajasthan. Munni, who had been separated from her three children, was reunited with them, but the happiness proved short-lived.\"She was doing well over the past few days. The infection was under control and we weaned her off the ventilator. The sudden death due to cardiac arrest is surprising and sad,\" said Dr Deepak Aggarwal, the neurosurgeon at AIIMS trauma centre who was treating her.Dr M C Misra, chief of the centre, said a post mortem would be conducted on Friday to further investigate the cause of death. Falak had recently been declared fit to be discharged. She had undergone five life-saving surgeries, including a shunt surgery to create a permanent passage to drain out the water accumulating in her brain.The baby was shifted to the hospital's high-dependency unit of the neurosurgeryward from the ICU on March 1. Nurses who took care of her said she was able to breathe on her own, lift her eyes and there was movement in the limbs also. \"She would cry and the whole unit would go to see what happened to her. Each one of us was so attached to the baby and now she is no more. It is disheartening,\" said one of the nurses. Moved by Falak's plight, many Indians as well as people abroad had offered to adopt her after she recovered.Falak's saga of misfortune began in September last year when her mother, 27-year-old Munni, took the bait of a trafficker and landed in the capital. She had left a daughter behind in Muzzafarpur, Bihar. Laxmi, who had lured Munni to Delhi, allegedly told her to leave Falak with her and got her married to a farmer in Rajasthan, claiming that she was a virgin.Laxmi later handed over the child to Manoj, her neighbour and relative. Manoj was working with Rajkumar alias Mohammad Dilshad, with whom he entrusted the child. Rajkumar, who owns two taxis, was living in with a 14-year-old but was married to another woman. He left for Mumbai after he heard that his son, who suffers from a rare thyroid disease, had been admitted in hospital.The 14-year-old girl, who has herself had a traumatic past -- including an alleged brush with prostitution -- was left to take care of the baby. Apparently, she dropped the baby while bathing her. When the child would not stop crying, the frustrated teenager savagely attacked her but later took her to hospital after Rajkumar instructed her to do so over phone. On Tuesday, the teenager was arrested and will be tried for culpable homicide not amounting to murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12285455", "title": "Applied Hindi to be optional for HSC pupils", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has cleared a proposal to introduce Applied Hindi as an optional subject for HSC students from the academic year 2013-14 so that language too becomes a scoring subject. \"Recently, school education minister Rajendra Darda cleared the file that sought administrative approval for introduction of Applied Hindi as an optional subject for the board (HSC) students,\" a senior education department official said.\"The Marathi or Hindi subject syllabus primarily focuses on literature. Finding it difficult to score marks in language subjects, most students prefer giving more attention on other subjects to build up the aggregate percentage. Introduction of Applied Marathi and Hindi will change students' traditional approach towards the language. Also, introduction of applied subject will help students acquire job-oriented skills,\" said Prakash Parab, head of the department, Marathi department, Vaze Kelkar College, Mumbai.Deepak Pawar, president of Marathi Abhyas Kendra, said, \"Ideally, Marathi should be first and English should be the second language for the board syllabus. But if the government is insisting on English to be the first language then the state should make Marathi as the second language.\" However, a senior DF minister said, \"Religion, caste, community and such issues should not be the parameters while making education-related policies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12284709", "title": "Govt medical teachers threaten strike", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Nearly 2,500 teachers of government medical and dental colleges in the state have threatened to go on an indefinite strike from March 22 if their problems are not resolved. The doctors have organized a rally to press for their demands on Saturday.The Gujarat Medical Teachers Association (GMTA) said that it has made 215 representations to the state government but the government had not heeded their demands to resolve the issue of salary hike. The teachers want the state government to rai their salaries in accordance with the University Grants Commission (UGC) norms.GMTA secretary Dr J C Makwana said despite having higher qualifications and putting in more work hours, the salary of government medical and dental teachers was less than that of arts, commerce, and science teachers. He said his fraternity shouldered the twin responsibility of treating patients in hospitals and teaching students in medical colleges. \"Our issues have been pending for twoand-a-half years,\" said Makwana.\"All government employees are given three financial promotions, only medical teachers are not given that. There are regular delays in disbursement of pays which should be corrected. There should be transparency in transfer of medical teachers.\" The GMTA has also demanded that medical teachers should not be given non-teaching duties outside the campus like jail duty, mela duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12284392", "title": "Woman dies in freak accident at Vasco", "text": "A 40-year-old woman died on Thursday morning after she was accidently trapped between a moving train and the platform while trying to board the passenger train. Jijabai Shankar Bhande was trying to board a Collem bound train at the Vasco railway station along with her husband and child, when her leg accidently got caught between the train and the platform. When the train picked up speed, Jijabai's leg was severed from her body. According to the railway police, the woman's leg was found under the train, while her body was left on the platform. Jijabai's body has been preserved at Hospicio hospital in Margao for postmortem. She was a residing in a hut near the Vasco railway station.Keel laid for research vessel at GSL: The keel for the newly-designed fisheries oceanographic research vessel was laid on March 9 at Goa Shipyard Ltd, Vasco. This is the first in a series of three vessels being built by GSL for the Central Marine Fisheries Institute, Kochi. Philipose K K, scientist-in-charge of the institute's Karwar research centre, laid the keel in the presence of RAdm (retd) Vineet Bakhshi, VSM chairman and managing director, GSL, Jayasree Loka, senior scientist, CMFRI, and directors. The 20m vessel is aimed at deep sea trawl fishing and collection of marine samples. It can attain a free running speed of 10knots with a 500hp engine. The vessel is expected to be launched in September 2012.Sangeeta quits NCP: Former education minister Sangeeta Parab has quit the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) on Thursday. She was the senior vice president of the NCP. Parab was aspiring to contest the recently held assembly election on the NCP ticket from Mandrem constituency, however she lost it to the alliance partner Congress and the ticket was allotted to Dayanand Sopte, who lost to BJP's Laximikant Parsekar. \"I have not yet decided on the future course in politics - whether to join any other party or not,\" Parab told TOI. She had backed Parsekar during the elections and has played a major role in defeating Sopte.POWER SHUTDOWNPanaji (March 17): Between 9.30am to 6.30pm. Areas to be affected: Sukerkar Mansion, Bank of Maharashtra, Dempo House, Skylark, Pinto Chamber, Geeta Bakery, MES office, police headquarters, Cedmar Apartments, and vicinity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12284883", "title": "Servants culprits in Aarushi-Hemraj murder: Talwars", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two months after the Supreme Court asked Rajesh and Nupur Talwar to face trial in the Aarushi-Hemraj double murder case, Nupur has sought review of the apex court's judgment on the ground that the trial judge had erred by summoning the parents as accused while ignoring \"conclusive evidence\" implicating the servants.Review petitions are generally heard by judges in chamber without presence of lawyers and 90% of these are dismissed. While considering Nupur's plea for review of the apex court's January 6 order, a bench of Justices A K Patnaik and J S Khehar on Wednesday accepted her request for open court hearing on the petition.\"The court is of the opinion that it should hear oral arguments before passing any order on the application for review,\" it said. The January 6 order was passed by a bench of Justices A K Ganguly and Khehar. Since Justice Ganguly has retired, the review petition was placed before the bench headed by Justice Patnaik.In the yet to be solved double murder in Noida on May 16, 2008, the CBI had filed a closure report before a Ghaziabad court. But taking into account the circumstantial evidence allegedly pointing a needle of suspicion towards the Talwars, the trial judge on February 9 last year summoned Rajesh and Nupur to face trial.Nupur had unsuccessfully challenged the trial court's decision before the Allahabad HC. The apex court too on January 6 this year rejected her appeal, clearing the decks for commencement of trial in the nearly four-year-old case. Her main grievance in the review plea was that the trial court ignored \"clinching piece of evidence which clearly spells the name of the real culprit\".\"As per the record available with the magistrate, the blood and DNA of one of the victims, Hemraj, was found on the pillow cover seized from the residence of the erstwhile accused Krishna Thadarai, which conclusively shows the servants' involvement in the crime,\" she said.The review plea, filed through advocate Kailash Chand, mentioned that the CBI had seized the pillow cover from Krishna's residence on the basis of disclosures made by him in the narco-analysis test.Nupur said between May 15 and 16, she and her husband had not changed their dresses, on which no trace of Hemraj's blood was found by the investigating agency after a DNA analysis by Central Forensic Science Laboratory. Only Aarushi's blood was found on their dress which was natural, she said.\"All the scientific tests throughout, including narco-analysis and brain mapping for which they themselves had volunteered to undergo, had exonerated them totally whereas in case of servants, the results of these tests have implicated them,\" the petition said while pleading for review of the apex court's earlier judgment and quashing of the HC judgment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "12286155", "title": "Funds crunch halts railway project", "text": "KENDRAPADA: Almost 13 years have passed since the foundation stone was laid for the 82-km Haridashpur-Paradip train track in 1999. But it is yet to see the light of the day. Then railways minister, Nitish Kumar , had promised that the project will be completed in 2004.The meagre allotment of Rs 2 crore for the track in the 2012 railway budget has come as a big setback. Funds crunch has been a major impendiment in the progress of the project so far. \"The project needs at least Rs 300 crores for completion,\" said Amar Biswal, president of Kendrapada Citizens' Forum.In 1999, the railways had estimated that Rs 594 crore was required to complete the project. The district units of BJD, CPM, CPI and BJP have criticized the step-motherly attitude of the railway minister for this project. Last year, only Rs 10 crore was allotted for the project. Two years ago, it was Rs 70 crore.Even the land, 1,780 acres, required for construction of the proposed project is yet to be acquired. Out of it, 1,300 acres belongs to private owners. The project will cover Kendrapada, Jagatsinghpur and Jajpur districts. \"We hope to acquire all land shortly. The government got about Rs 42 crore to acquire land for the project. About Rs 35 crore have been disbursed among villagers whose land was acquired,\" said Digambar Nayak, the special land acquisition officer of Haridaspur-Paradip railway line project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12283337", "title": "Rising medical bills cripple aam admi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Paying off healthcare bills is crippling Indian households. India's per capita out-of-pocket (OOP) expenditure to pay for healthcare costs has gone up from Rs 41.83 in 2005 to Rs 68.63 in 2010.The per capita spending on drugs increased from 29.77% to 46.86% during the same period, while hospitalization costs went up from 11.20% to 22.47%.Outpatient expenditure also increased from 30.63% to 46.16%. The OOP expenditure on healthcare has shot up in districts covered by insurance schemes.In fact, catastrophic spending, or percentage of households spending more than 10% of their overall income on healthcare, is nearly 15% in states that have insurance in place as against 11% in states that don't have such policies.According to health economist from the Public Health Foundation of India Dr Sakthivel Selvaraj's latest analysis that shows that publicly financed health insurance schemes are ineffective in reducing OOP expenditure, hospitalization expenses as a share of overall household expenditure increased further during 2009-10 to 1.9% from about 1.6% (2004-05) and 0.5% (1993-94).\"As far as the per capita expenditure on health by households is concerned, the evidence suggests an all-round increase not only in nominal, but also in real terms. Households' real per capita OOP expenditure increased significantly during the last five years of the survey period, at an average annual growth of approximately 1.9%. The rise in real OOP expenses of households appears to be largely due to hospitalization expenditure,\" said the paper published in the latest edition of the Economic and Political Weekly.Dr Selvaraj said most insurance schemes focus primarily on hospitalization. However, over two-thirds of the household expenditure on health goes into buying drugs.He said that the current publicly financed health insurance schemes cover only hospitalization and not outpatient care. A relatively larger proportion of poor, however, bear a higher burden of health spending on account of outpatient care. This is especially true of spending on drugs, where medicines accounted for three-fourths of all OOP spending of the poor, while for the rich it still accounted for over two-thirds of expenses. \"The current thrust of insurance schemes clearly demonstrates the distortion and lopsided priorities of programmes, priorities that are in direct conflict with evidence,\" Dr Selvaraj said.The difference in household's per capita spending on hospitalization, Dr Selvaraj pointed out, increased from Rs 8.05 to Rs 13.48 in non-intervention districts, while it rose from Rs 12.70 to Rs 15.81 in intervention districts.Experts say the main strategy to reduce OOP expenditure would be to step up government investment in public health - from the current 1.2% of GDP to about 3%.\"One of the quick gains of this strategy would be to focus on providing free medicines to all. India must not only flaunt its status of being the pharmacy of the south, but must turn its attention to providing free medicines,\" the paper said.India had a low density of health insurance coverage of about 75 million people (roughly about 16 million family beneficiaries) in 2007. The number rose to an estimated 302 million people in 2010, covering roughly one-fourth of the population.The Andhra Pradesh government launched the Rajiv Aarogyasri Scheme in 2007, and then the Centre unveiled the Rashtriya Swasthya Bima Yojna (RSBY) the following year. The Tamil Nadu government launched its own version - Tamil Nadu Insurance Scheme for Life Saving Treatment - while Karnataka has the Vajpayee Aarogyasri model.India has one of the most privatized healthcare markets in the world - both in terms of financing and provision of healthcare services. While India spends around 4.2% of its gross domestic product (GDP) on healthcare, the government's contribution is roughly one-fifth, while that of households' OOP is nearly 70% of the overall healthcare expenditure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12285757", "title": "Junior college admissions will be a smooth affair this time", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has finally initiated a move that will ensure that the junior college admissions will be wrapped up at least 20 days in advance from the coming academic year.In a meeting on Thursday, the government-appointed committee to review online admissions to junior colleges decided to conduct bifocal admissions offline and that, too, after the general science, commerce and arts' admissions are over. The move will cut short the time spent in online admissions.For the past two years, admissions would begin with bifocal admissions, followed by general admission lists. \"This used to cause confusion later on as names of several candidates were repeated in both bifocal and general lists. This year, bifocal admissions will be conducted offline after the general admissions. So a student can take admission to general science and later cancel his admission after securing a seat in bifocal,\" said T A Shiware, principal of KPB Hinduja College and a member of the online committee. He also added that a government will set up a local Pravesh Niyantran Samiti in each ward to keep a tab on colleges during admissions and to ensure that the list of vacant seats is uploaded regularly.Unlike last year, this time colleges will have to issue online receipts for provisional admissions and cancellations, too, will be done online. The government, however, dismissed the committee's proposal to increase the fees for provisional admission from Rs 50 to Rs 100.State education minister Rajendra Darda said the government is taking steps to ensure that the admission season is stress-free.\"We received a lot of complaints from students last year so we had to rectify the errors and that's why we appointed a panel to propose necessary changes,\" said the education minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12283199", "title": "Love proves fatal for techie", "text": "HYDERABAD: A software professional of Bangalore-based Wipro, who had gone missing several days ago, was found murdered at a nala in Qutubullapur on Thursday. The Cyberabad police claimed his lover along with her family members murdered the youth.The Saroornagar police said B Satish, 24, a software engineer with Wipro Technologies, had gone to his friend Mahender Reddy's residence at P&T; Colony on February 1. Since then he had gone missing. On Thursday, Satish's body, which was completely burnt, was found in a nala in Qutubullapur.Deputy commissioner of police (LB Nagar) S Chandrasekhar Reddy said two of the five suspects in the murder, Yadaiah and P Rajeshwar Goud, were arrested.\"During the investigation, we came to known that Satish was in love with one Lavanya, a resident of Borabanda and student of Mallareddy Engineering College. Satish and Lavanya became friends through online chatting. However, her parents were averse to their relationship and they even warned Satish not to meet her,\" Chandrasekhar Reddy said.On February 1, Satish came to Hyderabad en route to Warangal to attend a function. The girl's family members came to know about his arrival in the city and told Lavanya to call him and ask him to meet her at Big Bazar, Ameerpet, police said.\"Immediately after Satish came to the location, Lavanya's cousin Sravan informed her parents. Yadaiah came to the location along with his friend Rajeshwar Goud in a car. Satish was forced into the car and throttled to death. Later, his body was taken to Kokkanda village in Medak and burnt. The burnt remains were collected in a plastic bag and dumped in a nala in Qutubullapur,\" the DCP said.Police said they were looking for Sravan, Lavanya, and her mother Manikyam, who are the other accused in the conspiracy.Satish, an MCA graduate, was a native of Ramagundam and his father Shankaraiah, is an auto driver.The Cyberabad police took the investigation seriously only after the intervention of the State Human Rights Commission (SHRC) following a complaint by Shankaraiah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12284925", "title": "'Aam aadmi' hopes for lesser income tax load", "text": "PUNE: A promise to help ease his income tax burden that would leave him with some extra money to fight the ever-increasing price rise - this is what is uppermost in the mind of the 'aam aadmi' as finance minister Pranab Mukherjee gets set to present the Union Budget for 2012-13.This, despite the uphill task the FM faces in limiting the country's budget deficit even when he can't touch the delicate issue of cutting subsidies thanks to the pressures of coalition politics. The Direct Tax Code (DTC) which promised a liberal tax regime and which the Centre wanted to implement this fiscal year (2012-13) seems unlikely to come into force. The individual taxpayer hopes that Mukherjee's budget proposals will leave him with some more disposable income.Also significant are recommendations of the standing committee on the DTC to raise the basic exemption limit to Rs 3 lakh and treating more realistically the exemptions on insurance premium or education fees paid by the taxpayer.Sandip Mukherjee, executive director for Tax &amp; Regulatory Services at business consultancy firm, Pricewaterhouse Coopers , said, \"It is likely to be the 'year of transition'. The FM might introduce some of the provisions of the DTC in the budget so as to provide some relief to the common man, as also to prove that the government is not anti-poor.\"Mukherjee said the basic annual exemption limit of Rs 3 lakh which the Parliamentary Standing Committee has recommended could see the light of the day. \"Along with the increase in basic exemption limit, the FM could also consider introducing the escalated slab rates which the committee has proposed,\" he said.Mukherjee said the FM could consider increasing the deduction under section 80C of the IT Act (investments in PF, PPF, insurance etc.) from Rs 1 lakh to Rs 3 lakh to encourage more public savings.To provide additional relief during the period where interest payout has increased substantially due to increased interest rates, the interest deduction limit for self-occupied house, property could be increased from Rs 1.50 lakh to at least Rs 2.5 lakh per annum, he added.Rajesh Sud, chief executive officer and managing director of Max New York Life Insurance, said the draft DTC provides for overall deduction of Rs 50,000 for life cover, health cover and tuition fees. \"Life insurance products may see a downside as an amount of Rs 50,000 may be exhausted for paying tuition fee alone for kids. We, therefore, suggest that this limit should be increased and should be wholly and exclusively for life insurance products to a minimum of Rs 2 lakh,\" he stressed.Sud also said that as a large part of the funds of life insurance companies is invested in infrastructure projects of the country, these companies incur huge losses initially due to long gestation period of the sector. The government should charge a concessional rate of 12.5% on profits of these companies. He said we need a clarification that all policies issued prior to DTC will enjoy the benefits prevalent at the time of issuing of the policy. Common aspirations like 'roti, kapada, makaan' also hint at a higher limit for interest exemption on home loans.Anshuman Magazine, chairman and managing director of CBRE, South Asia Pvt Ltd, said increasing the tax exemption limit on home loan interest to Rs 3 lakh from the current Rs 1.5 lakh will be an encouraging step. This exemption should be higher for first time buyers, he added.Magazine said, \"Interest subvention of 1% should be available for loans up to Rs 25 lakh (up from Rs 15 lakh now) where the cost of the property does not exceed Rs 35 lakh (Rs 25 lakh now).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "pau", "code": "12284427", "title": "Rajkamal, Alamdeep contribute to PAU's trophy", "text": "PAU: Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) won the overall championship at the all India inter agricultural university sports meet held in Akola, Maharashtra, recently. And two PAU athletes-- Rajkamal Singh Dhillon and Alamdeep Singh Brar-- gave their best shot for the varsity to have lifted the coveted trophy.Rajkamal won two individual gold medals and one gold in the team event while Alamdeep took the PAU basketball team home scoring the maximum points on the cage.A resident of PAU hostel, Rajkamal, 20, returned undisputed in the long jump and high jump events apart from playing an instrumental part in the basketball team.I had practised hard at the PAU ground for this tournament and the results were rewarding. I am glad to have contributed to the varsity's victory,'' said Rajkamal. A BTech student in the college of agricultural technology, Rajkamal said he has been interested in sports since his school days and has always given it equal attention along with academics.Rajkamal's feat was not his first one as he had earlier won two golds in the same meet in 2011 at Thrissur, Kerala.Alamdeep too is elated with his top scoring effort in the basketball finals. We beat Guru Angad Dev Veterinary and Animal Sciences University (GADVASU) in the finals by 54-24. I have been practising hard to improve my skills under PAU coach Harjinder Singh,'' says Alamdeep. The 18-year-old says he wants to play in the Indian basketball team and is trying his best to be consistent with his game.Alamdeep, who resides at the PAU campus, is doing his graduation in agriculture from PAU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12283529", "title": "CMO official stalls IAS promotions", "text": "KOLKATA: Routine promotion of three senior IAS officials was stalled by a top CMO official who had an axe to grind against one of the three. Finally, chief secretary Samar Ghosh had to intervene and push the file to chief minister Mamata Banerjee's table for her approval.Social welfare department secretary Tuk Tuk Kumar had apparently invited the wrath over a somewhat innocuous note she had written on a file relating to the Integrated Child Development Scheme. Apparently, the person at the chief minister's office (CMO) failed to fathom the note and asked for an explanation. Kumar reportedly told him that the note was quite legible and made absolute sense. The officer didn't agree and asked her to change it.Matters turned complex when Kumar stuck to her ground and reportedly said she saw no reason why the note needed to be amended. Finally, the officer at the CMO demanded that the note be withdrawn completely.In the meantime, about a fortnight ago, the file for promoting Kumar, a 1981 batch officer, and two others in the same batch, Nihar Banerjee and A K Agarwal, went to the same officer so that it could be presented to the chief minister. All three were supposed to be promoted to the rank of the additional chief secretary, the highest in the Indian Administrative Service (IAS).The promotions were already cleared by the departmental promotional committee (DPC), which is headed by the chief secretary. There are two other members - senior-most officer Anup Chanda and union health secretary P K Pradhan. The rule is that an officer from the state cadre who is in the rank of secretary in Delhi should be a member of the DPC. The file concerning the promotions had been instantly cleared by the DPC and duly signed by Pradhan from Delhi. But it got stuck at the CMO for some strange reason.While Kumar knew what had gone wrong, the other two were clueless about the delay. Nihar Banerjee's promotion was already due for being the senior-most of the three. Kumar and Agarwal made it to the category after the recent cadre revision in which Bengal (on the chief minister's persistent demand) had been allotted 45 more IAS officers.Officials at Writers' Buildings clarified that the promotion to the rank of additional chief secretary usually takes 24 hours after the file concerned has been moved. But these three officials were left guessing as to why their promotion was being delayed. Apparently, Kumar was told her promotion would not happen unless she withdrew her notes. She refused once again, causing an impasse of sorts.\"Since the other two IAS officers' promotions were tagged with Kumar's, they too had to suffer the delay,\" said a source in the government, adding that such an instance was unprecedented in government circles, because a promotion to the rank of additional chief secretary is a routine affair.Finally, the matter was brought to the notice of chief secretary Samar Ghosh, who had the file sent to the chief minister's table. Mamata Banerjee signed the order to promote Banerjee, Kumar and Agarwal as additional chief secretaries was passed on March 13. With these three, Bengal now has seven additional chief secretaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12283790", "title": "Micro units defy govt, work on power holiday", "text": "COIMBATORE: In the first sign of the industry's unhappiness with the state government's failure to address the power crisis in the state, a large number of micro-industrial units in Coimbatore were operated on Thursday, officially a power holiday for the region. At least 60% of 30,000 units in the city defied the power holiday, representatives of the micro units claimed.However, Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation Limited officials said the power holiday was complete. Only a few units were operated, they said. Industries are meant to remain shut on the power holiday to enable the state save electricity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12283214", "title": "Qazi-Arab nexus spells doom for the poor", "text": "HYDERABAD: Yes, it has happened yet again. Nine months after the State Wakf Board clamped down on the qazis urging them to avoid Arab nationals' marriages with girls from poverty-stricken families of the Old City, nothing much has changed.In the 'contract marriage' incident that came to light on Wednesday, qazi Ali Abdullah Rafai, who had solemnized the marriage of a Old City girl with a 49-year-old UAE national in 2009, was found to be openly operating from a lodge-cum-office in Talabkatta catering to all the needs of the Arab men under one roof. Rafai, who was suspended by the state government over the same issue in mid-2011, had got a stay from the high court.Sources said Rafai now has a lodge even in the much interior area of the Old City called Baba Nagar. However, police did not confirm this but said that the qazi was arrested twice in the last two years. In June 2011, a case was booked against him in Bhavaninagar police station for trespassing and outraging the modesty of a woman. A year before, in September 2010, he was arrested for forcibly taking the signature of a woman for the return of mehr amount. He came out on bail each time and continued his operations more clandestinely. In fact, Rafai recently gave an advertisement in an Urdu daily stating that he has got a clean chit from the high court and that his services can be availed by the public.Activists in the area said that these marriages, though not rampant now, surface only when there is some quarrel over money. They alleged that there are several brokers who have a tie-up with Rafai keeping tabs on poor families that have young women. Sometimes even the parents, in no position to bear the marriage expenses, approach them to perform the marriages of their daughters with the Arabs.\"The incidents have reduced to a certain extent because the awareness has increased among the young women. Earlier, they remained mum but now they are speaking out,\" said an observer. Another activist urged the need to dismiss Rafai from the service to end the saga of contract marriages.Sameena Tahseen, president, Muslim Women's Intellectual Forum , said that today marriages have been made difficult by involvement of huge money. A citizen's activist in Kalapather area shared that a 17-year-old woman who got married to a UAE national and was taken to Dubai flew back to the city recently. The activist revealed that the sheikh used to beat her in a drunken state every day. The UAE police intervened and sent her back, he added.Manish Kumar Sinha, DCP (South Zone) told TOI that the police have been trying to nab Rafai for the last 10 days but in vain. \"We raided two to three places in Bhavaninagar area and rushed a team to Mahbubnagar but could not locate him. The search is on,\" said Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12285719", "title": "Israeli diplomat car bombing: Kazmi moves court against harassment", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nine days after journalist Syed Mohammed Ahmad Kazmi was sent to the police custody in connection with the Israeli diplomat car bombing, Kazmi's lawyer moved the court on Thursday alleging that he is being \"mentally harassed\" by the police and also being forced to \"confess the crime\".Kazmi's counsel, Vijay Aggarwal, filed a petition before chief metropolitan magistrate Vinod Yadav alleging that Kazmi is not just being interrogated by the Delhi police but also by officials of \"other investigating agencies\" and their identity is not being disclosed to him. \"...The interrogation of the applicant is conducted not only by Delhi police but by the officials of other investigating agencies, as the applicant sees a new official interrogating him every day,\" the petition stated.Citing many media reports, Aggarwal alleged that it was evident from the reports that the officials of \"other investigating agencies\" are Israeli officials from Mossad and Israeli Intelligence agencies .Requesting the court to \"take appropriate action\", Kazmi has asked the court to direct that no other agency expect Delhi police can interrogate him, and also ask police to interrogate him according to the rules.The court has now fixed the application for arguments on March 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12286064", "title": "Karnataka Bankrecords growth of Rs 3k cr", "text": "HUBLI: The Karnataka Bank division here has registered a transaction growth of Rs 3,000 crores from Rs 1,800 crores in last two year. The overall transaction in the 2011-12 financial year has crossed Rs 50,000 crores, said P Jayarama Bhat, managing director of Karnataka Bank.Speaking to mediapersons here on Wednesday, Bhat said that with the existing 494 branches across the country, the bank has plans to start another nine branches.In the coming financial year, the number of branches is expected to cross 550, he added. In an attempt to keep up with the times, Karnataka Bank will start mobile banking facility within three months. Satellite branches and ultra branches of the bank will also begin soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12285825", "title": "No clarity on local fare structure yet", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after the railway budget, officials in Mumbai are still waiting for clarity on the fare structure.A senior railway official said, \"As of now, we can only do guesswork till a final chart is provided to us. It is not even possible to give a back-of-the-hand calculation as the railway minister has proposed to round up the fare to the next multiple of Rs 5.\" For example, a fare of Rs 11 will become Rs 10, while that of Rs 16 will become Rs 15. Fares of Rs 12, Rs 13 and Rs 14 will also become Rs 15, while Rs 17, Rs 18 and Rs 19 will become Rs 20. Mumbai also has its peculiar problem, as it also recovers a surcharge of Re 1 under the Mumbai Urban Transport Project (MUTP).Citing another example of how complicated the issue is, the official added, \"The minimum first-class fare is Rs 21, but the actual fare is Rs 41, inclusive of development charge, but exclusive of MUTP surcharge. It is an extremely complicated process as various factors like base fare, revision of kilometre, rounding of fare, surcharge, have to be taken into account before calculating the fare.\"The fare chart provided by the railway board indicates variation of Re 1 to Rs 5 due to revision. For example, the minimum up to 10km is Rs 4, but it can increase to Rs 5. Likewise, the fare for a 150km journey by suburban second class is shown to cost Rs 30, as against the existing fare of Rs 25. However, a senior WR official said, \"A back-of-the-hand calculation indicates that fare for the 11km Churchgate-Dadar journey may actually come down by Re 1 due to the rounding-off effect to Rs 5. The actual fare for this distance is Rs 6. But for the 22km Churchgate-Andheri journey, the fare may actually go up by Rs 2 as the actual fare is Rs 8.\"In the monthly season ticket category for second class, the fare may increase from a minimum of Rs 5 to a maximum of Rs 20 for a 60km journey. For a first class monthly season ticket, the fare may increase from a minimum of Rs 15 to a maximum of Rs 20 for a 60km journey.The officer clarified, \"This is purely assumption, as nobody in Mumbai knows what is going to be presented.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12282638", "title": "Ex-cricketers in election mood, readying strategies", "text": "VADODARA: The announcement of Baroda Cricket Association's (BCA) annual general meeting ( AGM) and elections has set the balling rolling in the opposition camp. Several ex-cricketers, who contested last BCA elections in 2009, have now come together to chalk out their plans for the upcoming polls slated on April 20. And, with differences surfacing in the top management over last one year, the opposition camp is playing a wait and watch game.For last couple of months, BCA is abuzz with news that BCA vice-president and scion of royal Gaekwad family, Samarjitsinh Gaekwad may contest polls on his own. Sources said that hectic negotiations were also on to strike a compromise and convince Gaekwad to not contest polls. When contacted, Gaekwad said, \"I have not decided anything about contesting polls yet.\" He refused to comment further on the issue. However, a BCA official said that Gaekwad may make a final decision on the election front during the managing committee meeting that will be held in last week of this month.\"We have heard about the differences among the top management members over the stadium land issue. But, we are waiting for concrete developments. We just want that cricket shouldn't suffer because of such differences,\" he added. Sources said that some ex-cricketers are planning to meet formally in coming days to set an agenda for the polls. The opposition has already decided to corner the management on the issue of cricket stadium land. Sources said that some members of BCA are keen to have a well-contested election instead of the usual one-sided affair that has been happening in BCA for last 10 years.\"We are planning to meet soon and decide on how to go about during the polls next month. There are several issues that we can raise during the poll campaign but they will have to be done systematically,\" said an ex-cricketer. Also, some members plan to approach former BCA secretary Jaywant Lele too. But there is some scepticism among the camp as it has not been able to make much impact during the polls in the past 10 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12284181", "title": "Hospitals refuse admission to 65-yr-old", "text": "KOLKATA: Mukunda Bala was walking down the road at Barbaria in Barasat on Monday morning, when he was hit by a cycle from behind. The 65-year-old fell, fractured his hip bone and has been instructed to undergo a surgery. But, four government hospitals in the Trinamool Congress's 'pro-poor' state could not ensure treatment for the mason. Bala's family alleged that the patient was turned away by these hospitals. With no help from any quarter, he is lying at home in severe pain.Mukunda Bala was walking on the road in Barasat's Barbaria on Monday morning when he was hit by a cyclist from behind. The 65-year-old fell and fractured his hip bone. Bala needs to undergo surgery. But four government hospitals in Trinamool Congress's 'pro poor' state could not ensure treatment for the mason. The family alleged that the patient was turned away by hospitals. With no takers, the 65-year-old is now lying at home in severe pain and anguish.Bala was first taken to Barasat district hospital around 11.30am on Monday, an hour after the accident. Doctors at the hospital examined him at the emergency ward. When the x-ray report showed fracture, doctors told the family to take Bala to a better hospital as they did not have the facility and equipment necessary for the surgery.\"My father-in-law was referred to RG Kar Medical College and Hospital (RGKMCH). But by then it was already late. So we decided to go to RGMCH the next day,\" said Sanjay Pal.The family went to RGKMCH on Tuesday morning. Pal alleged that after waiting in the OPD queue for hours, they were asked to take Bala to Medical College and Hospital Calcutta (MCHC) since there were no vacant beds. \"We met the same fate at MCHC. We were turned away on the pretext of the lack of beds that no bed was available. In fact, policemen posted there drove us away when we argued with doctors for admission,\" complained Pal.The next stop for the harassed family was NRS Medical College and Hospital ( NRSMCH). The treatment meted out to the patient and his family was a shade better compared to other hospitals. Doctors at NRS administered an injection to reduce Bala's pain and directed him to go to the orthopaedic OT for a surgery. But as luck would have it, here too unavailability of beds posed a problem.The emergency doctors here did display a human face by administering an injection to reduce the patient's pain. After examination, Bala was asked to go to the orthopaedic OT for a surgery.\"The orthopaedic doctors said that there was no bed to accommodate the patient for the post operative recovery. Therefore, we were asked to go to another hospital for the surgery,\" said Pal.It was already late evening. The family decided to go back home. On Wednesday, they went back to Barasat district hospital and requested doctors to help the family. With no surgery facility available, doctors said that at best they could put the patient on traction as there was no facility for surgery. The family decided to take the patient back home.\"I do not know how long I will stay like this. We have no money to go to a private hospital for surgery. Is this the price I have to pay for being poor?\" asked a distraught Bala.According to a Supreme Court ruling, hospitals cannot refuse emergency patients. Chief minster Mamata Banerjee too had warned hospitals against refusing patients. When contacted, NRS authorities refused to comment. RG Kar officials, however, said they were not aware of the case and have asked the patient's family to visit the hospital on Friday. The hospital authorities also assured to arrange for Bala's treatment.\"There is a strict instruction to hospitals not to refuse emergency patients. If such a thing has happened, it is unfortunate. If the patient's family complains, we will definitely take up the issue,\" said director of health services (DHS) Dr B Satpathy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12285872", "title": "Rs 2 cr earmarked for Thane station", "text": "MUMBAI: The overcrowded and busy Thane station is set for a Rs 2 crore makeover in the second phase of the improvement project-one that will address its many infrastructural problems. Over the last few years, passenger count has increased dramatically, but the station's facilities failed to keep pace. A senior railway official said, \"The total cost of the project for Phase-II is estimated to be Rs 8.23 crore.\" Work in this phase includes improving the platforms and opening more modernized booking offices. The funds will be used to facilities for commuters.For Phase-1 of the project, officials have started remodelling the yard. Also, an AC dormitory has already been opened for the comfort of long-distance passengers. \"Besides this, we are in the middle of extending platform nos. five and six,\" said a senior railway official. Thane station will also get a foot-over bridge. Other beneficiary stations include Borivli-its 12m FOB will be one of the biggest in India-Santa Cruz, Kandivli and Malad stations. The railways have also tried to reduce over-crowding by earmarking Rs 66 lakh for the extension of smart-card operated Automated Ticket Vending Machines on CR. Another Rs 10 lakh has been earmarked for ATVMs on WR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12283608", "title": "Shah panel blames Goa government for illegal mining", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Justice M B Shah Commission looking into illegal mining in Goa submitted its report to the central government on Thursday. The report is believed to have placed substantial blame on the state government for its failure to prevent illegal mining and rampant export of iron ore abroad. Sources indicated that the report has also discussed in detail the environment destruction caused by rampant mining.\"Justice Shah Commission report was submitted today to me. The Action Taken Report will be ready in six months,\" Dinsha J Patel, minister of state for mines, told TOI.The commission prepared its report after inspection of 90 operational mines and 30-odd non-operational ones last year. The commission also held extensive consultations with various stakeholders.The commission is believed to have concluded that over half the operating mines may have committed illegalities on various counts. The illegalities range from widespread violation of environment norms to mining outside the permitted areas.The commission is also believed to have found several front companies operating in the mining industry. It also carried out assessment of exports of iron ore to foreign countries.Goa's new chief minister Manohar Parrikar had said he was waiting for the Shah Commission report to take further action on illegal mining in Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12284269", "title": "One of the best budgets for Trichy, says DRM", "text": "TRICHY: The budget could not have come at a more appropriate time as far as the Tiruchirappalli division is concerned, and it is one of the best budgets, feels Divisional Railway Manager A V Vaidiyalingam. He said the gauge conversion on the 38-km track between Tiruvarur and Mayiladuthurai was almost complete, and the trial run would take place anytime now. This would be the first phase of gauge conversion, and the next would focus on the remaining Tiruvarur-Karaikudi stretch.Vaidiyalingam said the railways was going through better times, and once the necessary funds were allotted, the much-awaited projects would be expedited sooner than later. For instance, two most important projects that, once completed, would pave the way for the smooth running of passenger traffic were the doubling of tracks between Trichy and Thanjavur, a Rs 130-crore project running over a distance of about 50 km, and the doubling of the crucial Chengalpattu to Villupuram section, a distance of 153 km. If the full budget allocation was realized in time, the project could be completed as early as next December, he said. The scheme envisages doubling the broad gauge track by converting the existing metre gauge track between Changalpattu and Villupuram section.Interestingly, the Pattukottai-Karaikudi gauge conversion project would be started from March 15, and the last historic run over the metre gauge track was conducted on Wednesday. The gauge conversion project also resulted in some cancellation and partial cancellation of trains. For instance, the Tiruthuraipudi-Karaikudi Express (16861/16862) would be cancelled, and the Tiruvarur-Karikudi passenger (56891/56892) would run between Tiruvarur and Pattukottai only, said the DRM.He said in his personal capacity that many new trains could not be introduced owing to the non-availability of coaches, the 10% of which were condemned every year. As such, the news that the Raebareli coach factory was ready for rolling was heartening. Moreover, from April to February in 2011-12, Tiruchirappalli division had despatched 6.4 lakh tonnes of paddy from the delta region to various destinations particularly to Dharmapuri, Hosur, and Chennai regions. This figure was 50% more than what was dispatched during the corresponding period last year. Vaidiyalingam said the division had also surpassed the target of handling 8.5 million tonnes of freight by February 27, a month before the end of the fiscal. No wonder, the railways expected to earn 30% more freight revenue in 2012-13 which amounted to Rs 89,000 crore, he said.Since the main focus of the budget was on safety, consolidation, decongestion and capacity development, Vaidiyalingam said this was the need of the hour, and hence it was the best budget.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12288526", "title": "Taapsee to romance Ravi Teja again", "text": "The Ravi Teja and Taapsee-starrer \"Daruvu\" is all set for a summer release. This is the second time that the two actors are paired together. They shared screen space in \"Veera\" earlier.Taapsee says, \"This role is completely different from what I played in \"Veera\", where I played a modern girl. In \"Daruvu\", I wear half-saris and salwars.\" The actress, who has learnt Telugu in a short span of time, had dubbed for her last movie, \"Mogudu\". Ask Taapsee if she will lend her own voice for this film too and she says, \"I am not sure. I am doing three films right now and I'm very busy with shoots. I really want to dub for myself, but I need more time.\" The movie is being produced by B Sivarama Krishna and is directed by K Siva.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12283799", "title": "One held with fake notes", "text": "KOLKATA: A youth was intercepted with Rs 50,000 in fake currency from near Sealdah on Thursday evening.Due a prompt action of a traffic sergeant, a youth carrying Rs 50,000 Fake Indian Currency notes has been intercepted near Sealdah on Thursday evening.Acting on a tip off, police nabbed Mohammad Rehan, 22, was acting suspicious. A traffic sergeant noticed this and chased him. Rehan was nabbed near Moulali. while he was headed to Moulali from Sealdah.It was a traffic sergeant who pointed the youth to police.Police are interrogating Rehan to know about the others involved in the racket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12285837", "title": "Night plunges sectors in dark", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even as the UT is working hard to seek approval of Joint Electricity Regulatory Commission (JERC) of Goa and Union Territories to hike power tariff by more than 50%, there are at least three to four patches in every sector of the city that go dark after the night falls. For instance: in many areas, streetlights in parks and on roadsides do not function.Sectors 20, 21, 22, 18, 19, 17, 23, 16, 15, 37, 40, 41, 42, 43, 44, 45, 46, 47, 8, 9, 7, 26, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36, 39, 38-w, 25, 24, 12 and 14, among others, are the worst hit. From stretches connecting different sectors to parks to interior roads, the situation is the same as the night approaches.Residents say these dark patches also increase chances of criminal activities. It seems that the electricity department is keener to earn revenues rather than better the services, they add.Vasudha Gupta, a resident of Sector 38, says, \"Half of the streetlights on the road from our house near Vivek High School to the sector market remain switched off. And so, we avoid taking a walk at night.\"O P Verma, president of Residents' Welfare Association, Sector 20, says, \"In our sector, there are many areas where streetlights don't work... Sector20-A is the worst affected. There is a police colony where streetlights have not been functioning for years. In parks, too, non-functional lights are not being replaced.\"In Sector 9, streetlights don't work in the entire area from Madhya Marg to the sector interiors. Here too parks plunge into darkness at dusk. Kanika Saini, a homemaker of Sector 9-C, says, \"My in-laws prefer taking their evening walk around 4.30pm as later, the place becomes dark and unsafe.\"Sunil Chopra, president of Social Welfare Society in Sector 18, says there are no streetlights in their sector, too.In a public hearing held by JERC here on March 5, the issue of poor services was raised by various residents. They had even suggested the department to use solar energy to run these. Ashok Verma, a private bank employee who resides in Sector 18, says, \"Most of the time, streetlights in parks and on road-sides remain non-functional. Even lights on a slip road in Madhya Marg are always off... it's scary.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12284753", "title": "BSP workers throng Dalit park", "text": "NOIDA: Even as Akhilesh Yadav was being sworn in as the new chief minister of Uttar Pradesh at Lucknow, nearly 200 BSP workers gathered at the Dalit Prerna Sthal and shouted slogans demanding to be let into the park that has not yet been opened to the public. The BSP workers had assembled at the park to celebrate their late leader Kanshiram's birthday on Thursday. While the city police and the administration had a tough time controlling the unruly crowd, traffic was disrupted for hours in the area.Around 8am, hundreds of BSP supporters convened at the Dalit Park. They came in by busloads and several other vehicles to pay tribute to and garland the Kanshiram statue inside the park. They were stopped from entering at the gates by the security personnel posted to guard the park. Angry at being stopped, the BSP workers sat on a dharna on the road, protesting the denial to be let inside. \"We have come here to pay respect to our leader on his birthday and are very upset at being stopped by the guards,\" said a senior party leader leading the supporters. \"How can the park be closed when Mayawatiji inaugurated the Prerna Sthal in October last year?\" he asked.Soon the police arrived and tried to control the huge crowd as well as the resulting traffic snarl. Trying to calm the protestors, Noida SP, Anant Dev Tiwari agreed for one group to enter the park to pay homage. Even as the guards opened the gates, the huge crowd barged in and created further chaos. The police had to forcibly remove some of the BSP workers who, in protest, started bursting firecrackers.Even as the city police tried to reason with the protestors and told them that they should have sought prior permission to congregate at the park, party leaders maintained that they did not want to clash with the police. \"We do not want to create any tension or violence. We just wanted to peacefully celebrate our founder's birth anniversary,\" said a party supporter.Meanwhile, many commuters on their way to their offices in the morning faced a harrowing time as the entire stretch from the Noida entry gate to the start of Noida-Greater Noida expressway near the Mahamaya flyover was choked. \"We are fed up of political parties protesting something or the other. They need to realize the inconvenience they put people to with their antics,\" said a commuter on his way to Delhi.Mayawati's dream park was unveiled on October 14 amid much fanfare, but was closed to the public the next day as officials claimed that the park still needed some work to be completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12284249", "title": "Rajya Sabha election: Vashisht Narayan Singh likely to be fourth JD(U) candidate", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar on Thursday held a meeting with his deputy and BJP leader, Sushil Kumar Modi , and NDA convener and road construction minister, Nandkishore Yadav, and told them about JD(U)'s plan to claim four seats of Rajya Sabha and leaving two for the ally. The sixth seat of the Upper House has become a bone of contention between the two allies as both have staked claim over it.The JD(U) has reportedly told its three retiring members -- Mahendra Prasad, Ali Anwar and Anil Sahni -- that they would be retained. For the fourth seat, a Bihar minister close to the JD(U) leadership told TOI that state party chief Vashisht Narayan Singh's name was under active consideration.Modi had pointed out that the BJP had helped the JD(U) in Rajya Sabha election in 2006 and 2010 and this time the JD(U) should return the favour by giving three seats to the party. Party insiders, however, said the favour of the saffron party had been returned in the council election the same year. Nitish had earlier sought BJP's support for the fourth seat.Six seats are falling vacant in the Upper House from Bihar for which election process has started. Of the retiring members three belong to JD(U), one to the BJP and two to the RJD. Given the RJD's strength in assembly, there is no chance of any of its member making to the Upper House.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12284031", "title": "Subramaniam Swamy to take up Air India muddle next", "text": "NAGPUR: Maverick Janata Party leader Subramaniam Swamy, whose protracted legal battle in the 2G scam led to the prosecution of A Raja, and cancellation of licenses to 122 telecom operations, has now trained his guns on former aviation minister Praful Patel, claiming that under his leadership Air India sunk to a new low. Swamy's petition seeking prosecution of union minister P Chidambaram in the 2G case is likely to come up for hearing on Friday.The Janata Party leader was in the city to support creation of smaller states like Vidarbha, and said that he saw no harm in increasing the number of states from the present 35 to 60. \"Newer states like Chhattisgarh, Uttarakhand, and before that Haryana, demonstrated that administration can function better if a state is small. Peoples' aspirations of development can be met,\" he said.Ruling out the need to set up another states reorganization commission, he said, \"Wherever there is a valid demand for creation of a state, it should be considered.\"Swamy, who recently joined the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance (NDA), saw strong possibility of midterm elections after the current budget session of Parliament. However, he found the chances of the emergence of an effective Third Front as an alternative to UPA and NDA as very dim.He met pro-Vidarbha leaders like Deepak Nilawar of the Federation for Smaller States, to express his solidarity and offered legal support to it. He said that he would soon file a petition on the Telangana state issue in Supreme Court.Stressing that corruption was the greatest challenge before the country, Swamy said that though he was supportive of Anna Hazare's campaign, he did not believe that Jan Lokpal Bill was the panacea for all ills. He also likened Team Anna to 'Naxals', who were not keen on any amicable solution.Swamy said that he has worked in coordination with Baba Ramdev, who was mobilizing public support for a war on corruption. He said that he would take up the Air India matter and seek a probe into its mismanagement, especially large-scale order for buying planes and the causes for heavy losses during the reign of Praful Patel in the aviation ministry.Later addressing a meeting hosted by the Nagpur branch of Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (CAI), Swamy exuded confidence of Chidambaram too following Raja to the jail after his petition is heard.During his stay in Nagpur Swamy also met RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12283468", "title": "Fishing village panchayat president hacked to death", "text": "CHENNAI: A fishing village panchayat president was hacked to death by a five-member gang in Mamallapuram on Thursday morning.Pushpalingam, 44, and his friends Dayanidhi, Nataraj and Saravanan were taking a walk around 5.30am when a car stopped near them. Five people got out and hacked Pushpalingam to death. His friends were injured when they tried to come to his rescue. The gang also attacked a pedestrian Indirani.The injured were admitted to a private hospital and a hunt was launched for the killers.Pushpalingam is survived by his wife Premavathy, 37, son Bhuvanesh, 16, and daughter Kavitha, 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12284535", "title": "Ludhiana municipal corporation slashes annual budget", "text": "LUDHIANA: You will just have to put up with bumpy and dark roads, water shortage and overflowing drains as the municipal corporation (MC) has slashed it's annual budget from Rs 801 crore to Rs 741 crore for 2012-13. The civic body, which failed to achieve its previous targets, has decided to cut expenses on roads, water supply and other basic amenities like streetlights, maintenance of parks and sewage system. The only silver lining is the allocation of Rs 80 crore for development of slum colonies and basic service for urban poor (BSUPs). However, even that has a clinch. The MC will wait for grants from central and state governments which they had failed in getting last year too.Talking about the slash in budget, MC commissioner M S Jaggi said, It is not that we have reduced the amount because in the past budgets Rs 180 crore were kept additional and last year also we were expecting Rs 80-90 crore from the state government in the form of grants but did not get it. There is no use of wasting money in laying roads time and again so this time most of the amount will be spent on developing slum colonies.''Justifying the cut on expenditure on maintaining roads, mayor Hakam Singh Giaspura said, We have constructed enough roads and bridges, so there is no need of more roads.'' While the MC had proposed Rs 801 crore budget for 2011-12, the state government had approved Rs 798.94 crore for city's development. Taking a cut of about Rs 60 crore in the budget for 2012-13, the authorities have decided to increase the amount to be spent on establishing the MC department.As far as the civic body's income is concerned, officials had recovered Rs 51.56 crore from house tax department till December 31, 2011 and are expecting to recover Rs 28.43 crore more by the end of March. From water and sewerage charges MC recovered Rs 14.74 crore till December 31, 2011 and is expecting to recover another Rs 13.25 crore by March end. Sources revealed that MC officials will have a tougher time meeting targets this time as they were busy in election duties for almost four months and could not recover pending dues from defaulters.MC members discuss annual budgetTo avoid any setback during the next general house meeting, members of the city municipal corporation's core committee conducted a meeting to discuss the annual budget for the development of the city, on Thursday. The house members would pass the budget and forward it to the government for approval at the general house meeting scheduled on Friday.The MC authorities would conduct their first meeting since November 28, 2011 on Friday and this would be solely for discussing the budget. Though the Congress councillors had been upset with the budget claiming the MC has been running short of funds, they did not voice their concerns effectively in the Thursday meet of the core committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12284926", "title": "Annual cycle rally for green awareness on March 17, 18", "text": "NASHIK: The annual 110-km bicycle rally from Harsul to Peth, organized by the Nature Conservation Society of Nashik (NCSN) and the forest department to create environmental awareness, will take place on March 17 and 18.The rally will begin at 7am on March 17 from Gangapur dam and will be inaugurated by the chief conservator of forests (territorial), Nashik, G Saiprakash. For the past five years, the rally has been held to create awareness about conservation. Saiprakash and his colleagues will be participating in the rally, along with volunteers of NCSN. Along the route, the cyclists will be distributing posters and leaflets regarding conservation of birds and trees. The first stop will be at Waghera, where children will be given prizes for a nature drawing competition at an ashramshala. NCSN has been organizing this drawing competition for rural children for the past eight years.The cyclists will proceed from Gangapur Dam to Devgaon, Ponegaon to Waghera, Harsul, Dalpatpur and will stay overnight at Dalpatpur. The next morning, the rally will proceed from Peth to Harsul via Dalpatpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12285854", "title": "Doctor stuck in traffic gets court relief", "text": "MUMBAI: Something must be done about traffic, especially during festivals, said the Bombay HC on Thursday.A division bench of Justices P B Majmudar and Ramesh Dhanuka was hearing a petition by surgeon Dr Vikram Sanghvi, to set aside a warning by the Medical Council of India in a case of medical negligence.On September 27, 2007, Sanghvi and Dr Ravi Patel operated on Ambikaprasad Pathak, a stage III oral cancer patient, at Purvesh Nursing Home in Andheri (E). Sanghvi left around 3pm. Around 7pm, Sanghvi was informed that the patient was having difficulty breathing. He got stuck in traffic caused by a Ganesh procession. By the time he reached, Pathak had died. On May 30, 2009, the Maharashtra Medical Council suspended both doctors for three months. On November 25, 2009, the MCI modified Sanghvi's punishment to a warning and enhanced Patel's punishment to six months.The judges empathized with Sanghvi, adding it is common to see ambulances stuck in traffic jams. Pathak's advocate, Noorseema Baig, said Sanghvi should have not fixed the operation on \"a day celebrated in the state\". The judges have posted the final hearing in April.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12284899", "title": "Economic Survey: Financing, fuel shortage and environment issues hurt power sector", "text": "NEW DELHI: Financing, shortage of fuel and environment issues are acting as major obstacles for the power sector, the Economic Survey said on Thursday.\"There are financial health and viability issues across the entire spectrum of power sector - generation, transmission and distribution. Viability of the players in the power sector would require either adjustments of the user charges in line with the cost of providing access to these services or an adjustment in the subsidy levels,\" the survey said.It said the demand for grid power is estimated to grow 6% per annum by the end of the 12th Plan while the capacity addition would be about 50,000 to 52,000 mw during the 11th Plan which ends in March.In order to achieve the projected capacity addition of 1,03,300 mw and build matching transmission and distribution capacity, an investment of Rs 11,18,375 crore would be needed.\"Mismatch in coal supply and shortage of gas for the power sector have been impacting the output presently. Delay in forest and environmental clearance in particular for hydro-based power projects have delayed capacity addition,\" the survey said.The power sector is key to faster economic growth and experts say far-reaching reforms are needed to accelerate progress in this segment.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012, Rail Budget 2012 , Pre Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12289149", "title": "Nose job, lies, and videotape", "text": "Model caught on CCTV trying to extort money from her plastic surgeonAsordid affair involving cosmetic surgery, allegations of sexual harassment, CCTV cameras, and mobile phone recordings came to a dramatic conclusion with the arrest of a model-turned-actress by the Khar police on Thursday.Mahee Shaikh, who acted in Madhur Bhandarkar's Dil Toh Bachcha Jai Ji, has been apprehended on charges of trying to extort money from Vijay Sharma, a doctor who had performed a facial surgery on her last year.Mahee had told Sharma that she was unhappy with the procedure, and had demanded that he pay her Rs 1 lakh as compensation, or she would frame him in a sexual harassment case.Little did she know that the doctor, against whom similar charges had been levelled by two other models in the past, had installed close-circuit cameras in his office to guard against threats of exactly this nature.The story begins in July 2011, when Mahee underwent facial surgery at Sharma's clinic. She paid Rs 10,000 in cash and another Rs 50,000 by cheque.Sharma did not hear from Mahee again until February 15 this year, when she arrived at his office unannounced and complained that she was not happy with the quality of her surgery.According to CCTV footage in Sharma's office, Mahee told him: \"Paisa refund karo nai toh main aapke khilaf jhoote charges lagaungi, jaise pehle aur ladkiyon ne charge lagaya tha.... Media main jaa ke band bajaungi.\"Sharma replied that she could have the surgery done again if she was unhappy, but Mahee would have nothing of it, and stormed out repeating her threat.A week later, at 3.45 pm on February 22, Mahee called Sharma on his cell phone and threatened him again, unaware of the fact that he was recording the conversation.According to police records, Mahee asked: \"Main paisa lene kab aaun? Ya aap mere account main deposit karoge?\" Sharma told her that she could go to the Consumer Court if she wanted to complain against him. But she replied: \"Nahi, police station main jaati hoon aur batati hu main kya kar sakti hoon!\"Sharma then submitted the CCTV footage and the phone recording to the cops, who filed an FIR and summoned Mahee to the police station, where she was arrested and then released on bail.When contacted, Sharma said: \"She had paid me Rs 60,000 but was demanding Rs 1 lakh in return. On February 22, when she called me on my phone with the same threat of fake sexual harassment charges, I went to the police.\"He said that he had been framed in a similar manner in the past but no one had believed him then. \"That is why I took permission from the police to install CCTV cameras in my office.\"Mahee Shaikh, meanwhile, alleges that Sharma had cheated her. \"The doctor had told me he would carry out the surgery in four sittings, charging Rs 50,000 for each. I paid him Rs 50,000 in cash and gave him two cheques. When he did not do the surgery properly, I simply asked him to return my money. He is making a false claim,\" she said, adding that she would counter his complaint by filing a case against him.But an officer from Khar police station said: \"All the evidence of the CCTV footage and the telephone recording is clear. It shows that she was threatening the doctor and trying to extort money from him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12284733", "title": "Private vehicles may ply on BRT bus lanes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Private vehicles may soon be allowed to run on the dedicated bus lanes of the BRT on a temporary basis.The Delhi high court on Thursday ordered a fresh study on the effectiveness of the BRT corridor, asking the government to throw open the bus lanes to private vehicles. Either National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) or Central Roads Research Institute (CRRI) will study if it is viable to allow private vehicles to use the lanes in the long run.Asking the government to zero in on one of the road agencies in a week, a division bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw directed the government to file the expert body's feasibility report by by May 16.The court passed its order after Delhi government counsel Zubeda Begum informed it that a proposal has been sent to CRRI and NHAI for their consent. The government said it has asked the agencies to respond in two weeks and after getting their consent, it will pick one of them to conduct the feasibility study.HC in its order, said, the expert body can allow cars and three-wheelers to ply on the bus lanes on an experimental basis and make a comprehensive assessment. The bench made it clear that the petitioner NGO will also be allowed to participate in the survey so that it can make suggestions or put forward the lacuna before the expert body.The court was hearing a petition by a civil society Nyay Bhoomi, filed through its president B B Sharan. He pointed out that there are over 73 lakh vehicles on Delhi's roads, in comparison to 32,000 buses. The petitioner demanded that for smooth traffic flow on the 5.7 km Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) corridor between Ambedkar Nagar and Moolchand flyover, the government should not restrain private vehicles from plying on the bus lanes.On Wednesday, HC had categorically rejected the government's claim that BRT is found useful by daily users, for which it had also cited an old study.The court had also shot down a suggestion by the government for another study by RITES, saying \"the BRT was designed by RITES. Let another organization conduct a fresh study on it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12285155", "title": "Now, firemen to ride to accident spots", "text": "PUNE: The Pune fire brigade on Thursday inducted six fire fighting motorcycles equipped with compact water mist generating system and life saving equipment into its fleet. Pune fire brigade is the first in the state to have such fire fighting motorcycles, which will help the fire brigade to immediately attend to fire calls from congested as well as slum areas.To drive the huge fire tenders in slum areas often pose a challenge for the firemen. Many times, getting past the congested lanes delay the fire fighters from reaching an accident spot.The godown, which caught fire on Wednesday evening, too, was located in a densely populated area. The driver had to make a lot of efforts to take the fire tenders and the tankers to the spot.\"With the motorcycles, our men can reach any congested spot faster and can start the fire fighting work, with lesser loss of time,\" said Prashant Ranpise, chief fire officer of Pune fire brigade.Ranpise said the motorcycles will be of great use during small fire incidents in slum areas. \"But, for bigger fires we will have to use fire tenders,\" Ranpise said.\"Every motorcycle has two cylinders filled with the mixture of water and foam. It has an air cylinder to break the water into small parts with maximum force. This powerful water jet can continue for 20 seconds in one go,\" Ranpise said, adding, \"The firemen can spray its jet on live wire too.\"The mist generators can be separated from the motorcycles and firemen can easily carry them on their backs. \"The motorcycles are also equipped with life saving equipment such as first aid box and gel blankets for burn injuries. The motorcycle also has powerful siren and public announcement system,\" Ranpise said.The motorcycles will be more useful in the summer when garbage bins and vehicles catch fire often. \"The motorcycles can reach the spot and start fire fighting work immediately,\" Ranpise said.The motorcycle is designed on German technology and the assembly was made in Delhi.The cost of a single motorcycle was Rs 7 lakh. \"At present, Madhya Pradesh , Delhi and Karnataka have such motorcycles,\" Ranpise said.Once the registration of the vehicles is completed at the regional transport office, Pune, the fire brigade will start using the motorcycles. \"Before that we will start training our men how to use the fire fighting equipment on the motorcycles,\" Ranpise said.At present, the Pune fire brigade has six such motorcycles. \"We have 11 fire stations in the city. The National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) has stated in its report that every fire station should have two such motorcycles. After checking the performance of these motorcycles, we may think of purchasing more,\" Ranpise said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12284235", "title": "Court slams govt for non-payment of wages to municipal council staff", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court has held the state government guilty for non-payment of salaries to the entire staff of Rajkheda Municipal Council, Dholpur resulting in starvation death of one of the employees -- Nanigram -- working as a Jamadar.Justice Mohammed Rafiq directed the state government to immediately release more than Rs 65 lakh arrears of salaries due to be paid to 30 employees of Rajkheda Municipal Council, Dholpur. It was contended by Abhinav Sharma, counsel for all the 30 employees including the CEO, that since September 2008, no employee has been paid regular salary nor the state government has deposited shares of provident fund and instalments of LIC and one of the employees, Nanigram, died due to starvation and want of money for treatment.\"When the employees who belong to weaker sections of society approached government authorities, they were turned out and even one of them died due to government apathy,\" argued advocate Sharma.Justice Rafiq asked the state government for an explanation, in response to which it was told by government counsel that the petitioners should have approached designated authorities under payment of wages act in time and since no claim was made in time.\"One of the employees is alleged to have died and government is waiting for others to die. This reply of government speak volumes of maladministration. Such a reply cannot be appreciated and the conduct of the state authorities need to be depreciated,\" said the court.The court also took a serious note of the fact that the state government did not even bother to file a proper reply of the petition in last two years and directed state government to immediately release the dues of salaries, as also contribution towards provident fund and LIC instalments of employees in three instalments within a period of three months.\"The government is directed to release special grant-in-aid for helping employees if so required,\" the court said. It also asked state to calculate the intermittent payments if made in the last three years that may be adjusted from final payment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12284609", "title": "Long queues irk rail commuters", "text": "LUDHIANA: Planning to book rail tickets for a summer vacation? Well, you might just have to spare more than a few hours to book them now as long queues at reservation counters in city are waiting to greet you. With the railway authorities allowing reservation of tickets 120 days in advance, city commuters are a harried lot as they have no choice but to stand in serpentine queues. Commuters complain that proper arrangements have not been made before implementing the move.Meanwhile, sources revealed that the move , which was implemented from March 10, would also create problems for the railways as the next few months would see over booking of tickets following which there would be no room left for last minute reservation in trains.A businessman and resident of Udham Singh Nagar, Pankaj Sharma, said, \"Standing in long queues is sheer wastage of time. Pubic should not be made to suffer for the shortage in railway staff in city. Officials should have considered all aspects before implementing this move in city.\"Echoing similar views, a senior citizen Harpal Singh who resides in Civil Lines, said, \"It's very difficult to stand in long queues. To add to our misery, there is no seating arrangement in the reservation centre here.\"When asked about the rush at the counters, chief reservation supervisor Ramesh Kumar said, \" We have received a good response to four-month advance booking facility. More and more people are booking tickets in advance, but we cannot open all counters as we are facing a staff crunch in city. \"He added, \"We cannot open two booking counters at a time as we have no extra manpower to operate these. But this rush would not continue for many days because the seats would get booked.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12285162", "title": "2 arrested for girl's death in Panchgani", "text": "PUNE: The Panchgani police on late Wednesday arrested horse cart rider Nilesh Kamble (23) and owner Sudhir Kamble (45) for allegedly causing death of a 14-year-old girl from a school in Powai and injuring her four classmates due to negligence.Tanushree Rajesh Hegde of the Gopal Sharma Memorial School in Powai, Mumbai, was killed and her classmates sustained serious injuries when the horse cart fell into a 200-feet ravine at the popular 'table land' at Panchgani plateau on Wednesday evening.The injured - Megha Chaudhary, Siddhi Pujari, Harshika Patel and Vani Sachdev - all aged 13, are undergoing treatment at Ruby Hall Clinic here.The Kambles were produced before a magisterial court in Mahabaleshwar for seeking seven days police custody remand.The prosecution told the court that custodial interrogation of the duo was essential for investigation as they were involved in a serious offence. The court turned down the plea and sent the Kambles to magisterial custody for 15 days. The Kambles did not file bail pleas.Speaking to TOI, sub-inspector Rajendra Bokade of the Panchgani police on Thursday said the Kambles were arrested on charges of committing offence under sections 304 (a) (causing death by negligence), 338 (causing grievous hurt by acts endangering life) and 429 (mischief by killing or maiming cattle) of the Indian Penal Code.Speaking to TOI, sub-inspector Rajendra Bokade of the Panchgani police on Thursday said school teacher Piyush Soni (23) of Girgaum, Mumbai, in his complaint, has stated that there was negligence on the part of the rider as he failed to gain control over the horse. Soni also held the owner responsible for the incidentas he did not keep tab on the rider's activities.The Mahabaleshwar Municipal Council in a meeting held on Thursday resolved to barricade the popular 'table land' to prevent plying of horse carts, Bokade added.When contacted, Satara district collector Ramaswamy N said the administration has decided to demarcate 20% of the land provided by the council for plying horse carts. Ramaswamy said the administration will impose ban on plying the carts in other parts of Mahabaleshwar, but council officials are of the view that the ban should not have an impact on the livelihood of the cart owners.Satara superintendent of police K M M Prasanna told TOI the plying of horse carts have stopped after the incident. \"We have recommended to the council not to all dangerous activities at Table Point\", he added.Tourist Rajendra Samant, a resident of Satara, expressed his disappointment over the ban of horse rides. \"We visit the table land especially for the horse rides. There is no point in visiting the place if horse riding is banned.\"Another tourist Umesh Kulkarni of Pune said tourism in Mahabaleshwar will be severely affected if horse riding and paragliding are banned.Meanwhile, the condition of the four girls, currently being treated at the Ruby Hall Clinic is stable, said doctors treating them.Megha Chaudhary, who sustained abdominal injury and bruised her liver and lungs, is stable, said neurosurgeon Sanjay Vora. \"She may not require surgery,\" said Vora. Siddhi Pujari, being treated by Vora, is also stable. \"She is in the paediatric intensive care unit. She will also not require surgery,\" Vora said.Vani Sachdev and Harshika Patel are being treated by orthopaedic surgeon Randhir Kenjale. \"They are stable. We have put them in intensive care unit only for observation,\" said Kenjale.Vani sustained femure fracture from the left side and Harshika sustained femure fracture from both the sides. \"Surgeries have been carried out on both of them to fix the fractures. Harshita will require one more surgery to fix the fracture of her right elbow. We will do it in the next few days,\" said Kenjale.The deceased and the injured were among the 71 students who visited Panchgani for a picnic on Tuesday. They had stayed the night at Hotel Blue Country.The five girls decided to take a ride in the horse cart which was parked barely 10 metres from the ravine. As the girls climbed onto the cart, it started going in the reverse direction towards the ravine. The horse cart rider tried to goad the horse to go forward, but couldn't. The rider jumped off as the car fell into the ravine.(With inputs from Atul Deshpande in Satara and Umesh Isalkar in Pune)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12283050", "title": "No space for new prisoners in Chanchalguda jail", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Central Prison, Chanchalguda, has virtually put up a 'no vacancy' sign and urged the ACB court not to send any more accused in corruption cases.With no more room for prisoners, the jail authorities took up the matter seriously a couple of days ago when the ACB court sent six circle inspectors and two officers of additional SP rank to the Chanchalguda prison for their alleged involvement in liquor scam.According to sources, while the capacity of the prison is 600, it now has 675 inmates, most of whom are undertrials.While the CBI court can send the accused for remand to the Chanchalguda prison as it comes under its jurisdiction, the problem has arisen with the ACB too now remanding prisoners in this jail. The accused in corruption cases are generally sent by the ACB to the Central Prison, Cherlapally as the jail comes under its jurisdiction. However, in a departure from the practice, the ACB court sent six circle inspectors and two OSDs to the Chanchalguda prison two days ago.A senior official of the prisons department told TOI that it was the issue of jurisdiction that the Chachalguda prison had taken up with the ACB. But it is learnt that apart from the jurisdictional issue, the prison authorities also raised security concerns for the eight CIs and two OSDs. Their contention was that it would not be possible to ensure the security of the police officers in the jail and that it would be better if they were sent to Cherlapally as it had more accommodation and better security.The officers now in the Chanchalguda jail include circle inspectors D Gunasekhar Babu (Emmiganur), Sridhar Rao (Adilabad, rural), Vijaysarathi, (Kazipet), Ranadhir (Hanamkonda), Venkateshwar Rao (Warangal), Veereshwar Rao, DSP, Hanamkonda, Ram Prasad, OSD, (Addl SP rank) Kothagudem and Uma Maheshwar Rao, OSD, Adilabad.The prison authorities have already been struggling to cope with security and other issues concerning the nearly 10 VIPs and bigwigs who have landed in jail in CBI cases. The stream of VIP visitors to the jail accompanied by their own security personnel has also become a common scene of late.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12292576", "title": "Salesforce's challenge to Oracle: HR SoftwareQ", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Salesforce.com Inc introduced new software for human-resources management, stepping up a challenge to Oracle Corp and SAP AG in the market for applications that help businesses run their operations. The new product, called Rypple, will work in conjunction with Salesforce's customer relationship management software and the Chatter social network for companies, Salesforce said today at its Cloudforce conference in San Francisco. Managers will be able to recognize employees who do standout work using Rypple features from within those applications, the company said.Salesforce, the largest maker of online customer-management software, specializes in programs delivered in installments over the Internet, in contrast with the kinds of upfront purchases that have been a mainstay for Oracle and SAP. Rypple, acquired in December from a company with the same name, will serve as an alternative to the applications SAP picked up through the $3.4 billion acquisition of SuccessFactors Inc and those Oracle gained in 2005 when it bought PeopleSoft Inc.\"We need to bring the solutions into the workflow people use in everyday life,\" John Wookey, who formerly worked at Oracle and SAP and was hired by Salesforce in November, said in an interview. Salesforce also released software called Site.com to help marketing departments build Web campaigns.Business gets social\"I came on board with a simple mission -- to bring social media to the way companies operate,\" Wookey said. \"Part of this is generational shifts that are happening in the workplace.\"Wookey spent a dozen years at Oracle and led development of the company's new Fusion applications, which compete with Salesforce's software. He then worked at SAP from 2008 until last year.Salesforce espouses an approach called \"software as a service\" that lets customers rent business applications instead of installing them on their own servers. That means companies that want to arm employees with new software don't have to worry about buying the underlying hardware, databases and application- connecting middleware. Nor do they have to hire a phalanx of consultants to make programs work together.Chief Executive Officer Marc Benioff , speaking at Cloudforce conference, said the San Francisco-based company would release additional HR products next year. \"It's a big investment area for us,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12285990", "title": "Shubha Mudgal enthralls audience with soulful songs", "text": "ALLAHABAD: On the first day of the 52th All India Musical Conference organised at Prayag Sangeet Samiti, Padma Bhushan awardee and renowned Hindi classical vocal singer, Shubha Mudgal and kathak exponent Alokparna Guha enthralled the audience with their mesmerising performance at Prayag Sangeet Samiti auditorium.The conference was formally inaugurated by chief guest D C Jain in the presence of chairman, Dr Milan Mukherjee and secretary Arun Kumar amidst a gathering of students, teachers and people from all sections of society.Top artists from different streams of performing arts are scheduled to perform at the five day All India Musical conference organised under the aegis of Prayag Sangeet Samiti.Giving this information the secretary, Arun Kumar said that among other notable artists who would enchant music lovers in the Sangam city include Grammy award winner and well know Sarod artist Pandit Tajendra Narayan Majumadar.An A grade artist in Doordarshan, Majumdar has also performed in different countries including USA, France, germany, Italy and Switzerland .On this occasion a dance drama of Nobel laureatte Rabindra Nath Tagore entitled \"Bhanu Singher Padavali\" directed by local theatre artists Sujit Kumat Ghosh and Archana Das would also be presented before the audience informed the chairman, Prayag Sangeet Samiti, Dr Milan Mukherjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12290594", "title": "Rohit Shetty turns actor", "text": "Rohit Shetty director of the successful Golmaalfranchise will soon be seen making a cameo in the sequel to Balaji's 2005 hit comedy titled Kya Super Kool Hai Humstarring Tusshar Kapoor and Riteish Deshmukh.While lead actor Tusshar and director Rohit Shetty are known to be close friends given their Golmaal association, the actor was also instrumental in convincing the director to do a small role in the film.Confirms Tusshar, \"Yes, Rohit is doing a cameo in the film. I have shot with him and it was fun\".Much like his off-screen persona, Rohit Shetty will be seen playing a shy director in the scene that was wrapped up in just a couple of hours keeping in mind Rohit's busy schedule for Bol Bachchan - \"He agreed after I spoke to him, however, we wanted him to be happy as that's how he is when work is done quickly,\" adds Tusshar.After the runaway success of Balaji Motion Pictures ' 2005 hit comedy Kya Kool Hai Hum , the team of the film reunites for the rib-tickling sequel, titled Kya Super Kool Hai Hum directed by Sachin Yardi. Starring Tusshar Kapoor, Riteish Deshmukh , Neha Sharma and Sarah Jane Dias , the film is scheduled to release in August this year.Ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12285478", "title": "H1N1 deaths in Pune sparks panic in city", "text": "MUMBAI: The two deaths in Pune due to H1N1 infection has rekindled fears of resurgence of the virus in the city. However, there has been no positive case in Mumbai since June last year.Authorities said all possible precautions are already in place. Between April last year and March this year, 58 positive H1N1 cases have been reported, of which Pune reported 80, while Nashik and Aurangabad reported four each. Mumbai had reported two cases in June, 2011 when a 37-year-old Chandivili woman and a three-year-old girl from Tardeo tested positive.Executive health officer Dr Anil Bandivadekar said the city need not be anxious. \"As per guidelines, patients are being regularly tested and given Tamiflu,\" he said, adding that isolation wards in several hospitals have been dismantled.Reports compiled by the state's public health department show that between April last year and March this year, over 75,000 people have been screened for swine flu of which 443 were given Tamiflu. Around 17 patients were hospitalization, though all were discharged after treatment. Thane, however, did not report a single positive case throughout the year. The statewide death toll in 2010-11 was 26% more than the 415 deaths that occurred in 2009-10.Dispelling fears of a pandemic-like situation, director of Haffkine Institute Dr Abhay Chaudhary said, \"The virus has not gone away. It has taken on the behaviour of a seasonal virus and will circulate in the air,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12284623", "title": "Nagapalsa garden is a stress buster for family", "text": "LUDHIANA: For Rakesh Nagapal, a businessman of BRS Nagar B Block, and his family, garden is a stress buster besides the greenery and fresh air it supplies. No wonder, the greens loving family has been maintaining a front and terrace garden very beautifully.Says 50-year-old Suman Nagapal, the homemaker wife of 60-year-old businessman Rakesh Nagapal, \"Ours is a stressful life. My son, Arjun, 26, who runs a hosiery business, my daughter in law Shilpa, who is a student, my businessman husband and I have a very hectic schedule. So whenever we feel stressed after day's work, we take refuge in the gardens. This is the main reason we are managing two gardens, a front garden of 150 square yard and terrace garden of 250 square yards.\"She says in the front garden, they have a good number of green ornamental trees, including a 40 feet long bottle palm tree, Areca palms, Kangi Palm and also Monkey puzzle trees. The flowers in the front garden include dog flower, pansy, petunia, kalian flower and dhoop kheri.\"In the terrace garden, we mostly have roses and seasonal flowers. We have roses in various hues, including yellow, red, orange, pink and white and also double colour of yellow and light orange type. Among the seasonal flowers, we have marigold, petunia, orchid, poppy flower and pansy. In both the front and terrace gardens, we have selection number one grass,\" she says.Rakesh Nagapal, husband of Suman, chips in, \" We get the flowers and ornamental plants from a nursery on Pakhowal road and from near Malerkotla. We also have a gardener to look after the gardens even as my wife takes special care of these green areas in our home.\"It feels great to be in the gardens which bring you closer to Mother Nature, he adds.Suman jumps into the conversation, saying, \"Last year, I did lot of yoga and also morning and evening walk in the gardens, but then left it due to hectic work schedule. Now, I am seriously planning to revive the healthy habit.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "12286187", "title": "DVS has tough fight on hands", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: Chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda may be known for his famous smile, but these days his smile is slipping. The grim countenance of the CM has more to do with the challenges ahead than the dry weather in the Ghats. What is worrying him is that as the Udupi-Chikmagalur Lok Sabha bypoll (March 18) is necessitated due to his resignation, he has an added pressure to ensure his party candidate's victory.When Gowda contested in the 2009 Lok Sabha election, despite the BJP wave and the full co-operation of the party, he could edge out his opponent K Jayaprakash Hegde only by 7,000 votes in the four segments of Chikmagalur district -- Chikmagalur, Tarikere, Mudigere and Sringeri. In the last three years, much water has flown under the Bhadra, the lifeline of the region, changing the political landscape. Today with his party BJP in a shambles, Gowda has that much more tough fight on his hands. It is not just the CM who is sweating it out, the netas of the other two big parties too are focusing their energies here.Even at 80, external affairs minister S M Krishna (Congress) along with his colleagues is juggling between New Delhi and Chikmagalur. The father-son duo of HD Deve Gowda and HD Kumaraswamy too are giving their party JD(S) a big push. But the voters seem to be unimpressed by BJP's rhetoric of blaming the UPA government for the ills of the country or the remote Commonwealth Games mess. The core issues which concern them are the Project Tiger and the Naxal menace. Sensing the mood of the voters, the BJP is now connecting with them by harping on Sandhya Suraksha, 'Bhagyalakshmi' and Ganga Kalyana schemes, for they have benefited the poor rural folks. The party is also playing the youth card, with its candidate Sunil Kumar being the youngest at 37.For the first time in a long time, the Congress's campaign is broad-based, visible and intense. They have a lot of ammunition against the ruling BJP, be it corruption, internal bickerings in the BJP or the porn-gate. This is well illustrated by what SM Krishna said during his campaign: ``The address of the BJP ministers and MLAs has changed. Some give their address as Parappana Agrahara, while others give hospital address.'' The party is gung-ho thanks to the clean image of the party candidate, K Jayaprakash Hegde. ``This time, the situation is very different. For us, the candidate is a plus. Earlier, we had erred in the selection of candidates,'' says KPCC president G Parameshwara.The JD(S) campaign is energetic. More than the failures or the corruption by the BJP at the state and the UPA at the Centre, they are citing the Uttar Pradesh experience and educating voters on the relevance of regional parties. ``The era of national parties is waning. Only the regional parties can respond to your concerns and provide good governance,'' declares Kumaraswamy. The JD(S) is not expecting any miracle, but is only seeing this poll as an opportunity to expand base for the 2013 assembly polls.Lingayats (about 70,000), Vokkaligas (about 80,000), dalits (about 80,000) and Muslims (about 40,000), Brahmins (about 38,000), Kurubas (about 38,000) and other communities like bunts and billavas form the caste spectrum of the district. For the BJP, it is the uncertainty of Lingayat support, thanks to Yeddyurappa's rebellion. The party had secured a lead in Tarikere and Chikmagalur segments, where a large number of Lingayats are concentrated, in 2009. But, this time, the situation seems different. Tarikere MLA D S Suresh, who owes allegiance to Yeddyurappa, hasn't involved himself much with the campaigning. Dominant Lingayat pontiff in the district, Sri Someshwara Jagadguru of Rambhapuri Peeta in Balehonnur, also holds key to the community's decision. The invasion of JD(S) into the Vokkaliga votebank in Chikmagalur, Sringeri and Mudigere is another concern for the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12284560", "title": "'Bhujbal clan shaken by turn of events'", "text": "NASHIK: The MNS gaining control of the NMC has sent shockwaves in the Chhagan Bhujbal camp. According to sources, Bhujbal made several efforts and held parleys with leaders of several political parties after the results of the NMC polls were declared, but could not work out a formula for power-sharing.\"Nashik has been seen as Bhujbal territory since 2009, when Bhujbal got re-elected from Yeola, his nephew Sameer got elected as Lok Sabha MP and son Pankaj got elected as MLA from Nandgaon,\" a senior NCP leader said, adding, \"The NMC polls have delivered a jolt. We now have a rival (MNS) that can grow in the coming years.\"He said after 2009, the Congress had tried to promote an alternative for Bhujbal in Nashik and had projected its Sinnar MLA Manikrao Kokate as its posterboy to take on Bhujbal. \"But, now we have another party to deal with, before it is too late,\" he said, pointing out that with three MLAs and 40 corporators in Nashik, the MNS could gather strength in the near future.He said that the NCP under Bhujbal Sr had successfully belittled the Congress and the Shiv Sena in the recent Zilla Parishad and Panchayat Samiti polls, but would have to fortify itself further before the 2014 polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12285027", "title": "At 1,065, vulture count lowest so far in Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Vulture population in Gujarat has dropped to a new low of 1,065 during the last five years. The count recorded in 2007 was 2,539 and ever since then, a sharp decline is seen. The count further dropped to 1,431 in 2008 and the May 2010 count showed that there are just 1,065 vultures in the state.The state government in a reply to a question posed by Karjan MLA Chandu Dabhi said that the vulture count in May 2010 was 1,065, while the same of the Sarus crane which was taken up in May 2010 was over 1,599. The government has said the population estimation of the Great Indian Bustard taken up in the year 2007 revealed there were 48 great Indian bustards in the Kutch area of the state.The government in its reply said that a sanctuary for conservation of the Great Indian Bustard has been declared in Kutch. For protection of Sarus cranes, the state government said it has been giving grants to those farmers in whose fields these birds have built their nests. The state government in the reply said that for the conservation of vulture, it has not only taken up an awareness campaign, but has also started avulture breeding centre at Sakarbaugh Zoo in Junagadh.Also the union government has banned use of Diclofenac treatment by vets, especially on cattle. A senior forest officer said that the vulture count in the state has dropped by nearly 25 per cent and the count recorded in May 2010 was the lowest count so far. The city of Ahmedabad has been able to maintain its count of 270 vultures. Officials said that of the 270, around 150-odd vultures was reported to have their nest in Gujarat University, Pirana, and the Cantonment areas of the city.In 2007, Ahmedabad district had recorded presence of 279 vultures which was 25 more than the 2005 census. Interestingly, for the first time Gandhinagar too has reported the count of 18 vultures. There was no presence of vulture in the capital in 2005 and 2007. Forest department officials said the major decline was in Kutch region which has seen afall of over 200 per cent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "12285068", "title": "Nurses in Manjeri hospital go on strike", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Nurses at Prashanthi Hospital in Manjeri has started an indefinite strike from Thursday.The strike demanding better working conditions and salary hike was inaugurated by the state president of United Nurses Asscoiation (UNA) Jasmine Shah on Thursday.Following this the district labour officer (DLO), P Bhaskaran convened a meeting to discuss the issue in afternoon. But, the discussion failed as the representatives of the management did not attend the meeting.Representatives of UNA, the district president Luthfi Kalamban, district secretary Arun Babu, and state joint secretary Sujanapal Achuth, attended the meeting. The nurses also demand resolving the issue related to provident fund, reduction of duty time from existing 15 hours to 8 hours.The association also demanded to revoke the decision to expel two nurses by the hospital management.\"Nurses will remain on strike until our wages are increased. The strike is indefinite and will end only when the management agrees to our demands,\" Jasmine Shah told TOI.Meanwhile it is learnt that the DLO will convene a second meeting to discuss the issue on Saturday. The Regional Labour Officer will also attend the meeting.Malappuram: As the talks between nurses and district labour officials on indefinite strike launched by United Nurses Asscoiation(UNA) at Prashanthi Hospital, Manjeri, failed on Thursday, the nursing staff of hospital continue their strike.The strike, for better pay and conditions was started on Thursday morning. The state president of the Association Jasmine Shah inaugurated the strike. Following the decision of nursing staff, the District Labour officer(DLO), P Bhaskaran convened a meeting to discuss the issue after noon. But , the discussion failed as the representatives of Management did not attend the meeting. Representatives of UNA, the district president Luthfi Kalamban, district secretary Arun Babu, and state joint Secretary Sujanapal Achuth, attended the meeting.Jasmine Shah told TOI that the nurses will remain on strike until their wages are increased. The strike is indefinite and will only end when management agree to their demands., he said.In addition to the demand for legal minimum wages, the striking nurses, demanding to resolve the issue related to the Provident Fund(PF), reduce the duty time from existing 15 hours to 8 hours.The Association also demands to revoke the decision to expel two nurses, taken by the Hospital Management. Fifty of total sixty nursing staff of the hospital striking their duty and as the remaining ten nurses are on duty in emergency wards.It is learnt that the DLO will convene a second meeting to discuss the issue on Saturday. The Regional Labour Officer will also attend the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12283364", "title": "Govt plays for time, postpones vote on President speech to Monday", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government faces a stiff test on Monday when Lok Sabha is to vote on the President's address with Trinamool Congress threatening to support amendments on the National Counter-Terrorism Centre moved by opposition parties.Sensing a problem in managing numbers on Thursday when the attendance was thin with likely supporters like Samajwadi Party MPs away in Lucknow for the swearing in of Akhilesh Yadav as chief minister, the government ensured the vote on the motion of thanks was deferred with MPs given inordinate leave to make speeches.The government's challenge lies in amendments like the one numbered 1165 moved by CPI's Gurudas Dasgupta, Shiv Sena's Anant Geete, BJD's Arjun Charan Sethi and SAD's Rattan Singh Ajnala that states \"...regret no mention has been made about how the National Intelligence Grid and NCTC have been constituted without consultation with the states and with provisions that encroach on the federal structure and dilute the powers of the states.\"While Trinamool Congress MPs assured opposition members that the party will support the amendments critical of the NCTC, there were reports that Trinamool's concerns would be taken note of by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in his reply on the debate. Congress can be expected to work on Trinamool through the weekend to ensure it does not vote with the opposition.\"I see no difficulty in carrying the motion. Nothing needs to be done. Everything is fine. Trinamool Congress is part of UPA. We are confident of the passage of the rail budget as also the general budget,\" parliamentary affairs minister Pawan Bansal said. \"UPA's strength is 274 and it has the outside support of SP, BSP and RJD,\" the minister said.Not willing to risk an embarrassment, government managers are busy working on SP and Bahujan Samaj Party to support the ruling coalition in the event of the opposition seeking a division - as it definitely will. The amendments, including those moved by BJD's Bhartruhari Mahtab and leader of opposition Sushma Swaraj, have been accepted.A vote could not only mean the government needs to prevent an opposition amendment being carried, it can show up the divisions in its ranks if Trinamool does press the voting button along with non-UPA parties. This can speeden Trinamool's exit from the UPA while BJP hopes to score a point by arguing that SP and Congress are part of the same team.The BSP position is not clear with some sources saying the outfit may stage a walkout to reduce the majority mark the government will need in the House. The general consensus seems to be that BSP has been weakened after losing power in Uttar Pradesh and will not indulge in an act of overt hostility towards the Congress.Congress managers feel that even if a temporary truce is stitched up with Trinamool and a reference to NCTC does mollify the party, it will be hard to run Parliament without additional insurance in the form of SP support and perhaps participation in government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12284420", "title": "She always wanted to be an engineer", "text": "BANGALORE: Sushmita Patil wanted to fly abroad for higher education as an architect-engineer and then open her own office in Bangalore. But all her dreams were shattered when her car toppled on NICE road and she succumbed to injuries on Thursday. Her relatives were inconsolable when an ambulance from MS Ramaiah Hospital brought her body home around 2pm. Politicians, seers, businessmen and friends paid their last respects in the hall.\"I don't believe in writing exams just to secure a job. We should become thorough professionals once we come out of college. Each of us should strive to be successful,\" was Sushmita's belief according to her family. She always cited the example of the mother Sudha, a successful entrepreneur.Aakarshan Patil, Sushmita's cousin recalled how Sushmita was keen on becoming an architect. \"Since childhood, she dreamt of becoming an engineer. After Class X, she decided to become an architect engineer,\" Aakarshan told TOI. As the tragic news spread, friends gathered near her 12th main, Sadashivnagar residence which was shrouded in eerie silence. One classmate fell unconscious when she saw Sushmita's body.One classmate recalled how cheerful Sushmita always was. \"It's really sad to know the smile and the cheerfulness will be there anymore. I'm so shocked that I can't even talk about it,\" she said.Sushmita is survived by parents Rajendra Patil and Sudha Patil as well as her older sister Supriya. Sudha Patil is the daughter of Congress leader Shamanur Shivashankar. Rajendra Patil runs an export company which deals with items, including sugar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12285595", "title": "Economic Survey: Getting rupee to behave may keep RBI on its toes", "text": "The Economic Survey has called for an aggressive stance to check rupee volatility, pointing out that any abnormal fluctuation in the exchange rate dents confidence of investors. \"The rupee has experienced high volatility in the last few years,\" finance minister Pranab Mukherjee said. A depreciating currency has implications for corporate balance sheets and profitability, in case of high exposure to external commercial borrowings (ECBs).The rupee fluctuated sharply in 2011, reaching a peak of Rs 43.94 to the dollar on July 27 and crashing to a low of Rs 54.23 on December 15. On Thursday, rupee closed 46 paise lower at Rs 50.38/39. To arrest the fall in rupee, the Reserve Bank of India had taken a slew of measures and relaxed some capital controls to increase inflow of dollars into the country, the survey said.The survey accepted that the size of foreign exchange reserves could be a constraint in checking depreciation of rupee in the event of external shock and reversal of capital. Measures should be taken to build up reserve levels during times of surge in capital inflows, when the currency is under pressure to appreciate.When the rupee was appreciating , RBI had increased its reserves by $25.7 billion to $304.8 billion by March 2011. Of the total increase in reserves , $12.6 billion was on account of valuation gains arising out of depreciation of the dollar against major currencies and the balance $13.1 billion was on BoP (balance of payment) basis. RBI could have intervened more aggressively in the market to create bigger reserves and contain the sharp appreciation of the rupee, which had affected competitiveness of India's exports in the international market, survey said.During 2010-11 , the average monthly exchange rate of rupee against dollar appreciated by 1.2% to Rs 44.9 per dollar in March 2011 from Rs 45.5 per dollar in March 2010. This was mainly on account of weakening of the dollar in the international market in 2010-11.In the current fiscal, there are two distinct phases in the exchange rate of the rupee. The rupee continued to exhibit a two-way movement - with an appreciating trend till about July 2011, after which it started dropping sharply due to the uncertain global economy.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Rail Budget 2012, Pre Budget 2012, Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12285828", "title": "We want to make it a city of intellectuals: Literary society", "text": "CHANDIGARH: \"Be the change you want to see in society\" - recalling the words of Mahatma Gandhi, poet, author and bureaucrat Sumita Mishra introduced Chandigarh Literary Society (CLS) which has been established to promote reading and study of literature among the youth of city.CLS started its journey with its first \"Meet the Author\" programme featuring versatile Bollywood actor and author Anupam Kher . A press conference was held at UT guest house to bring together budding and established writers in the region. \"We want to convert City Beautiful into city intellectual,\" said Madhav Kaushak, secretary of Chandigarh Literary Society.\"Through CLS we want to give a platform to creative minds and encourage literary, creative writing among the people of Chandigarh. We also want to bring together writers, publishers, academia, intellectuals, students and scholars,\" said Sumita Mishar.The logo of CLS was beautifully stylized in the form of a tree with pencil and it's stem, branches and leaves in shape of Chandigarh's symbol of hand optimizing \"open to give, open to receive\" in different hues. It represents the evolution of creativity and interaction of writers with different stream of society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12291362", "title": "Budget 2012: Income tax exemption limit raised to Rs 2 lakh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Giving some relief to tax payers, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee today proposed raising the income tax exemption limit for individuals to Rs 2 lakh per annum from Rs 1.80 lakh.Unveiling the Budget proposals for 2012-13 in the Lok Sabha, he also increased the limit to Rs 10 lakh under the 20 per cent tax slab. The current limit is Rs 8 lakh.\"My proposals on direct taxes are estimated to result in a net revenue loss of Rs 4,500 crore for the year,\" Mukherjee said.The Budget also exempt up to Rs 10,000 of interest income from tax.Individual will have to pay 10 per cent tax on income between Rs 2 lakh and Rs 5 lakh; 20 per cent between Rs 5 lakh and Rs 10 lakh; and 30 per cent for above Rs 10 lakh.Reactions to Pranab Mukherjee's tax cuts were muted as most tax payers had hoped of a substantial hike in exemptions. The common man had expected more relief on personal income that would permit him to have better savings and a decent living.Meanwhile, Mukherjee said increasing the exemption limit is a move towards implementation of the Direct Taxes Code (DTC).The standing committee of Parliament that has scrutinised the DTC Bill had suggested raising the tax exemption limit to Rs 3 lakh.The exemption limit for the senior citizens between 60 and 80 years of age will be Rs 2.50 lakh; 10 per cent will be levied on income between Rs 2.5-5 lakh, 20 per cent between Rs 5-10 lakh and 30 per cent above Rs 10 lakh.For very senior citizens (80 years and above), the income tax exemption limit will be Rs 5 lakh; 20 per cent will be levied on income between Rs 5-10 lakh and 30 per cent for above Rs 10 lakh.On implementation of DTC, Mukherjee said, \"We received the report of the Parliamentary Standing Committee on March 9, 2012. We will examine the report expeditiously and take steps for enactment of DTC at the earliest.\"The DTC Bill seeks to replace the half-a-century-old Income Tax Act, 1961.The savings bank account deductions, Mukherjee said, will help small tax payers.\"This would help a large number of small tax payers with salary income of up to Rs 5 lakh and interest from savings bank accounts up to Rs 10,000, as they would not be required to file income tax returns,\" Mukherjee said.How tax slab will affect you?Budget provisions has failed to please individual tax payers. The real tax benefit according to the latest provisions is meagre. The person who is earning upto Rs 8 lakhs will get tax saving of only Rs 2,060 and those earning above Rs lakhs but less than Rs lakhs will get the saving of 10.3%.The major gainer is person who earns Rs 10 lakhs and above, will save Rs 20,600.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12285212", "title": "Less than half the students pass 1st term MBA exams", "text": "COIMBATORE: Rishi Joseph, a first-year MBA student at the AJK College of Management was shocked to see the results of his first semester exam two days ago. \"Most of us had failed. Our question papers had difficult and unexpected questions, but the evaluation was even tougher,\" he says.Rajeswari R, an assistant professor at the college says that during the previous exams almost everyone passed, except for a couple of students. \"We always have had excellent results. The poor performance was a shock to both the students and teachers, since we had prepared our students well,\" she says.Many management institutes affiliated with the Anna University faced a similar situation. The average number of students who passed the first semester MBA exams was between 10% and 40%. Prabhakaran V, the coordinator of the KPR School of Business, Arasur, says that he found it hard to explain the reasons for a low pass percentage.\"We have always been able to come up with the best results in all our examinations. This time too, we had better results compared with other colleges. But when more than half the students fail, it is hard to explain this to parents. There is also concern about their placements. If firms do not recruit those with arrears, it will be difficult for students,\" says the head of the department of a management institute.Meanwhile, an official at Anna University, Coimbatore, said that the exams were conducted from Chennai. \"This time the exams were conducted throughout the state from Chennai. So, the students may not have been familiar with the question paper patterns followed by the Chennai centre,\" the official says.However, a few lecturers feel that this would make students work harder. R Anitha, an assistant professor at the Sasi School of Business says that they have started extra classes. \"We do not want to repeat this performance,\" she says.Extra-curricular activities will be reduced, say some colleges. \"We may now give prominence to academic activities and give extra-curricular activities a wide berth. Students may also have to take academics more seriously,\" says Prabhakaran.\"There are students who think that they can pass the MBA exams very easily. I hope this year's results will serve to improve student discipline and concentration on academics. Looking at it from this perspective, it is an apt shock treatment,\" says Ajeet Kumar Lal Mohan, the secretary of AJK College of Management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12285477", "title": "Economic Survey: Govt must help industry acquire land", "text": "The Economic Survey has asked the government to act as a mediator to buy land for the industry, arguing that absence of a well-defined law on land acquisition was impeding industrialization.The advocacy comes amid indications that the amendment to the 1894 law, pending with the parliamentary standing committee, may not go too far owing to objections from key political parties.TMC has opposed provisions empowering government to buy land for industry. The survey dubbed land acquisition as a \"holdup\" problem since the task of private sector buying farm land from owners was complicated. While setting up industry requires a large tract of contiguous land, landholding is highly fragmented and requires negotiations with multiple owners.\"In case all farmers agree to sell but one or two, owning land in the middle of the space, refuse, then the entire project could become unviable for the industrial entrepreneur ,\" it said.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12284530", "title": "Govt explains logic behind climate diplomacy", "text": "NEW DELHI: For the first time, the government has set down the framework and reasoning behind its stance on future climate talks in a policy document - the Economic Survey. Firmly embedding equity and the principle of 'common but differentiated responsibility' at the heart of its negotiations for a post-2020 global regime, the Economic Survey said, \"The post-2020 arrangements to be evolved under the Durban Platform have to be anchored in the principles of equity and CBDR.\"In a rare departure, the survey report outlined and explained an element of India's international policy detailing why it had to place equity at the heart of its stance to ensure atmospheric space for growth even as it took on a substantial financial burden domestically to meet its voluntary commitments like the Solar Mission. The economic as well as scientific logic underpinning the principles was sketched out in the survey.The 20-page chapter on climate change left no doubt that the alternative view floating inside the government for the past some years of showing flexibility on these basic principles has now been effectively shelved.The Economic Survey also ripped into the stance taken by the small island countries such as Grenada and Tuvalu - who play the 'victim card' to the hilt at the negotiations while aligning with developed country blocs such as the EU on critical junctures. It noted how several of these countries had much greater income, energy and emission levels than India while India had a substantially larger population at risk from climate change. The survey was also critical of a recent report commissioned by the UN secretary-general on climate finance for being silent on several critical issues and being contrary to the provisions of the existing UN climate convention.The survey noted that despite many developed countries reneging on their existing obligations on emission reduction, finance and technology transfer, India had undertaken voluntary actions to reduce energy intensity of its economy at considerable economic cost even as it spent a high amount on adaptation. It recognised that more was needed to help shift the energy sources and distribution to a more equitable level domestically.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12283435", "title": "Govt plans 20 new bus terminuses in city", "text": "KOLKATA: The state transport department has prepared a preliminary report for relocation of bus terminuses in different parts of the city. While four major and 16 smaller terminuses have been planned, a bus bay, where buses will halt for a few minutes and leave for their respective destinations, is also on the cards, the report states. There are also plans to re-lay the Babughat terminus.The state transport department prepared a preliminary report on relocating bus terminuses in different parts of the city. So far, four major terminuses and 16 smaller ones have been planned across the city. In the heart of the city, there will be a long bus bay where buses will come, halt for a few minutes and leave for their respective destinations. The Babughat terminus would be re-laid for better passengers' convenience.Even though there will be some initial inconvenience, transportation engineers say shifting the Esplanade terminus will decongest the heart of the city to a great extent.Since traffic volume on most roads in and around Esplanade far exceeds the saturation point, shifting of the bus terminus will decongest the heart of the city. \"Shifting the terminus would ease the traffic knot at Esplanade and Dalhousie to a great extent,\" said a senior traffic police officer.The Esplanade bus terminus can accommodate more than 1,500 buses at any given time of the day. Preparation for shift of the terminus is in full swing after the Supreme Court upheld the Calcutta high court order. The order affirmed that collective fumes from buses parked in the Esplanade terminus was blackening the city's historic white edifice, the Victoria Memorial and hence needed to be shifted.The Esplanade bus terminus, which can accommodate more than 1,500 buses at any given time of the day has to be shifted elsewhere after the Supreme Court upheld the Calcutta High Court order in favour of shifting this terminus. The court, in its order, affirmed that the collective fume from buses parked in the Esplanade terminus is blackening the city's white edifice, Victoria Memorial.However, it is not easy to find an alternate space for the terminus. Esplanade is situated at the heart of the city and, thus, is a convenient location for passengers to access.\"Wherever we shift the terminus, it would never match the degree of convenience that Esplanade terminus provides.So, we have to have good connectivity with the city centre and the terminus so that people don't find it difficult to board buses,\" said a senior transport department officer.Besides relocating the Esplanade bus terminus, the department plans to set up four major terminuses across the city. According to the report, these terminuses will come up at - Bantala, below the approach way of the Howrah end of the second Hooghly Bridge, near Belghoria Expressway and Behala.Efforts will also be made to expand the existing bus terminuses in Jadavpur, Kasba, East Jadavpur, Haltu, New Alipore, Haridevpur, Budge Budge, Khiderpore and Metiabruz, in the south and Shyambazar-Bagbazar, Pikepara, Ultadanga, Chitpore, Burrabazar-Posta, Phoolbagan, Salt Lake, Maniktala, Rajarhat and airport in the north. The augmentation will aim at accommodation of a larger number of buses.The buses will be routed through the heart of the city so that passengers at Esplanade find it easy to reach their destinations. Bus bays at important junctions of the city will also aid passengers to board or get off a bus.never find difficulty to reach their respective destinations. Instead of a terminus at Esplanade, the transport department has planned to create some bus bays where buses plying through Esplanade can halt here for sometime for passenger embarkation and disembarkation.In October 2002, environment activist Subhas Dutta had filed a PIL in Calcutta high court regarding pollution affecting the Victoria Memorial. Following the litigation, the high court had appointed an expert committee to suggest measures to save the monument from environmental hazards.The panel, comprising officials from the central and state pollution control boards and National Environmental Engineering Research Institute (NEERI), suggested several steps, including a ban on parking vehicles on roads adjoining Victoria Memorial.Following the report, the high court green bench on September 28, 2007, marked a red zone around the monument, encompassing AJC Bose Road to the south, Hospital Road to the west, Queen's Way to the north and Cathedral Road to the east.It also directed the state government to shift the bus terminus to a distant place within six months and restrict parking and movement of vehicles around the monument.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12283328", "title": "Nithyananda's former aide surrenders, sent to jail", "text": "CHENNAI: Lenin Karuppan, a former aide of self-styled godman Nithyananda, was remanded in the Puzhal prison on Thursday.Lenin Karuppan, who sent tapes of Nithyananda and actress Ranjitha to the media, surrendered before the CB-CID sleuths on Wednesday. A case had been registered against Lenin Karuppan after Nithya Athmaprabhananda, manager of Nithyananda's ashram, complained that Lenin demanded crores from Nithyananda to keep the tapes a secret.Lenin, brought before CB-CID officials by his lawyer Sumathi, was interrogated by deputy superintendent of police Barani Kumar, who is investigating the case.On July 13, 2011, Nithya Atmaprabhananda filed a complaint with the Chennai police commissioner against then Sun network chief operating officer Hans Raj Saxena, his assistant Iyyappan, 'Nakkheeran' Gopal, Lenin Karuppan, his brother Kumar and two others, levelling various charges, including extortion and criminal intimidation, in connection with the release of the morphed video attempting to link Nithyananda with Ranjitha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "12284436", "title": "Kirandeepa's glowing talent", "text": "DUGRI: Kirandeep Kaur has been lighting up her house as much with her presence as with her creative lamps. She loves designing floor lamps that she has been doing for 2 years now. She has over a dozen floor lamps at her place which she has crafted herself with love and toil.She said initially she faced problems in selecting wood for lamps and cloth for her lamps but later she decided to use Sangwan wood and pure silk cloth for lamps. After deciding the measurements of lamps, she calls the carpenter for making lamp frames and polishing the structure.After fitted lights, she uses PVC sheets along with thin silk cloth for lampsso that light can easily pass through it and create a soothing atmosphere in the room.Kirandeep, 38, says these lamps are used on side tables and can be placed in the corners of rooms. Everyone who visits her house admires her aesthetic work. She is planning to exhibit her work soon. Even though she does not have any professional qualification in interior designing, but has learnt from experiments and honed her skills.She says her talent is limited to floor lamps but still she has designed two walls of her house, one made of marbles in her drawing room and another, with wood bricks in her daughtera??s room. She said both the walls are very attractive and gives an exceptional view.She has also designed kitchen of her house against the will of her interior designer.I did not like the design of my designer, so I re-designed it and every one in my family liked it very much. I used the space very intelligently, she says.Kirandeepa's husband, Gurmeet Singh said his wife has exceptional talent and he is really proud on her. He saus he ensures his full support to her so that she can work well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12284971", "title": "TTE accused in sex abuse case now back at work", "text": "KOCHI: Commuters at the South railway station here were surprised to see ticket collector Kamalraj, who had been accused of sexually abusing children, back on duty on Thursday.Official sources in the commercial department of Southern Railway confirmed that Kamalraj had rejoined duty. They said there was no need to suspend him since he was yet to be proven guilty.\"We can proceed with an investigation if he has done something not pertaining to the guidelines of the Railways. In this case the crime alleged against him is out of our jurisdiction and inquiry was conducted by the state police department. Till it is proved that Kamalraj is guilty, we will not conduct any inquiry. There is also no need for the Railways to keep him under suspension. As of now Kamalraj has every right to work and he will be allowed to do so till he is proved guilty of the crime that he has been accused of,\" the official said.However, the Railways' decision to allow Kamalraj to continue in service has come as a shocker to the police team which conducted a probe into the case in detail and filed a chargesheet against him.Police officials said that while the state government officials accused in the Paravoor sex case were still under suspension, the decision of the Railways to reinstate an accused officer was highly shameful.The three state government officials who are still under suspension in connection with the Paravoor case are P R Manu, 42, an assistant motor vehicles inspector attached to the Kozhikode joint RTO office, Madhu, 41, of MVI office at Kunnakattukara in Vandakkancheery and Padmakumar, assistant sub-inspector attached to the Kerala Armed Police battalion in Thrissur.Top state government officials said Central agencies always took unilateral decisions without consulting the state police. Kamalraj, 44, and his accomplice Poonkudi, 35, were arrested by the Thoppumpady police a few months ago on charges of unnatural sex, Juvenile Justice Act and illegal detention of children below 14 years. Kamalraj was attached to the South railway station.The police team of Thoppumpady police station, which probed the case, also recovered memory cards, computer hard discs and compact discs from the residences of the accused.Thoppumpaddy sub-inspector M K Sajeev said that a chargesheet had been filed against Kamalraj before the Thoppumpady court and had informed the details of the case to the Railways.According to the police, the accused used to befriend children below 14 years, including girls, and invite them to their house at Thoppumpady by offering sweets. They later allegedly sexually harassed them.Though the incident happened in 2010, it came to light after Kerala Mahila Samakhya Society filed a report with the police. The society came to know about the incident when its volunteers conducted counselling among students of various schools in Thoppumpady area. Of the 60 children who participated in the counselling, 14 of them revealed that they had been sexually abused by the two.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12284454", "title": "Govt short of numbers, BJP says", "text": "NEW DELHI: The political storm in UPA government over railway minister Dinesh Trivedi on Thursday gave an opportunity to BJP to charge that the government was short of numbers and was shying away from facing the amendments to the President's address in Parliament.Leader of opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj told reporters that parliamentary affairs minister Pawan Kumar Bansal had agreed that the debate on the motion of thanks to the President's address be completed on Thursday. The amendments were to be taken up then and the address put to vote. However, the issue was deferred till Monday.Swaraj alleged that the government did not even have the courtesy to inform the opposition and kept it in the dark about the change in plans.\"This government is in a crisis. It is short of numbers and is buying time. They are running away as they do not have a majority. If the government does not have the numbers to pass the motion of thanks with amendments, then what kind of a government is this,\" she asked.She said BJP and NDA were firm on moving the amendments, especially on the issue of NCTC and \"attack\" on federal structure by the Centre.Asked if BJP saw prospects of a mid-term poll and if it was ready to face one, Swaraj said, \"If mid-term polls are held, we are ready. It is not a question of whether we want it or not. The way this government is functioning, the situation of governance is not there.\"Senior BJP leader M Venkaiah Naidu said, \"We are watching the developments with amusement. We are ready for any term.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12287663", "title": "Union Budget 2012-13: We have to bite the bullet on subsidies when time comes, says PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has praised the Union Budget and has said finance minister Pranab Mukherjee has done a good job of tackling infaltion and at the same time accelerating growth.He said the Budget aims at faster, equitable, sustainable and all inclusive growth.\"When the time comes, we have to bite the bullet on controlling subsidies,\" Manmohan Singh said.The govt will require to adjust prices of petroleum products to bring down subsidies, he said hinting at some hard decisions in the future.Replying to a pointed question on Trinamool's support to economic reforms, Prime Minister said he hoped to take allies on board while taking tough decisions on economy.Manmohan Singh said the Budget has addressed the issue of rising inflation.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12283389", "title": "4 mawa samples fail test", "text": "BHOPAL: Four out of six samples of mawa, collected from Bhopal were found adulterated in a lab report, says Food and Drugs Department (FDA). The samples were taken during the Diwali season last year.According to officials, the mawa samples were collected from six shops in last Diwali during a random check. Four out of six samples were found adulterated in the lab report.Of the four samples, two were taken from the Satna Mawa Bhandar at Itwara and the remaining two from the Aashirwad Mawa Bhandar in Mangalwara area of the old city.According to standards in the Prevention of Food Adulteration Act 1954, mawa should be made up of cow or buffalo milk. Besides, the percentage of citric acid should not exceed more than 0.1.\"Preparing mawa from synthetic milk, mixing sugar, flavour, colour and starch is a punishable offence,\" food security officer BS Dhakad said.According to the Act, the guilty can be sentenced to six months imprisonment or fined Rs 1,000 with cancellation of licence. However, no action has been reported against shopkeepers so far.\"There is no such thing like synthetic mawa. It is only sub-standard according to our test parameters,\" Food security officer, AK Patel said. The seized mawa was adulterated with starch, sugar, flavor and colour,\" he added.Besides, in a few samples, there was fungus. It was also observed that mawa was adulterated with vegetable oils, milk powder and the fat percentage was below 28%.\"Adulterated mawa is unhygienic and can affect liver and kidney,\" says Dr MS Thakur, superintendent, Bairagarh Civil hospital. \"The mawa producers had alleged that the campaign against them was launched to \"malign the Indian sweets to promote sale of chocolates during the festive season.\"When questioned about whether the FDA gets active only during the festivals the officials said, \"This is a misconception. We are just more focused on our campaign during festive season,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12284592", "title": "BJP betrayed our trust: Sena", "text": "NASHIK: The Shiv Sena on Thursday said that its partner of 24 years, the BJP, had betrayed it by supporting the Raj Thackeray-led Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) to wrest control of the Nashik Municipal Corporation. Though both the saffron partners had contested the NMC elections separately, they had formed a post-poll alliance.\"Both Shiv Sena and BJP had alliance for the past 24 years. We also had talks with the BJP leaders and they had promised us that they would be with Shiv Sena. But at the last statge, BJP betrayed us by supporting the MNS,\" Sena party in-charge in Nashik Arvind Sawant said.He said that was the reason that the Shiv Sena-RPI (A) alliance decided to stay away from participating in the mayoral elections.Throughout Wednesday, rumours were doing the round that Sena may finally support MNS in Nashik. The BJP leaders had even visited Matoshree to placate the Sena top brass that since MNS had supported them in Thane, they should return the favour in Nashik. But it proved futile.An hour before the voting, BJP announced its support for MNS forcing all the 22 Sena-RPI (A) elected members to leave the House.\"We had decided to contest the mayoral polls. Even the six Independents were with us. But at the eleventh hour, BJP betrayed us. How would one fight when one of your own family members betrays you? Hence, we decided to keep away from voting,\" Sena leader Sunil Bagul said.He said the Sena will have no truck with the BKP in future and has decided to sit in the opposition in Nashik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12283578", "title": "Lankan envoy apologizes to Tamil Nadu MPs", "text": "NEW DELHI: After darkly hinting at a possible collusion between Tamil Nadu MPs pushing a US resolution against Sri Lanka and the LTTE, Lankan envoy Prasad Kariyawasam apologized to the parliamentarians on Thursday. He was ticked off by MEA after the Indian government took exception to his remarks in a newspaper interview.\"I would like to apologize to MPs of Tamil Nadu if I have caused any discontent or concern or distress in their minds. I feel sorry about that,\" Sri Lankan high commissioner Prasad Kariyawasam said. Kariyawasam was quoted as saying that Tamil MPs here should be investigated for their LTTE links.\"...the MEA has expressed concern about the tone and content. I am very sorry about that because that is not what I meant. I have a lot of respect for Tamil Nadu parliamentarians. Some of them are good friends...\"I would like to apologize to MPs of Tamil Nadu if I have caused any discontent or concern or distress in their minds. That is not what I meant. What I meant was LTTE lobby groups, abroad and elsewhere in the region as well, are carrying on a campaign of misinformation and trying to disrupt our efforts to find reconciliation...,\" he told reporters.\"What I meant say was the LTTE lobby groups abroad and in this region carrying on a campaign of disinformation,\" he clarified. He said when he referred to \"investigation\", he meant the Tamil lobby groups abroad, not Indian MPs.Kariyawasam was called in by Harsh Shringla, joint secretary in the MEA, to express India's displeasure about his remarks. The Manmohan Singh government is walking on eggshells regarding the Lankan situation with the Tamil parties clamouring for India to vote for a US-sponsored resolution against Sri Lanka in the UN Human Rights Council. The vote is tentatively scheduled for March 23.After an uproar in both Houses of Parliament on Wednesday, it appeared later that the Tamil parties may not put the government in danger over this issue.When questioned, Kariyawasam was very careful on India's vote. \"India is a responsible country,\" is all he would say.However, in Colombo, the Sri Lankan foreign ministry termed S M Krishna's statement in Parliament as being \"valuable\". Government spokesman Lakshman Yapa Abeywardena, who is also acting minister of media, said Sri Lanka understood India's stance in the context of pressures from Tamil Nadu. \"We have to understand the context in which the statement is made (in the Indian parliament on Wednesday),\" the minister said. \"We consider it a valuable statement.\" He said Lankan president Mahinda Rajapakse had asked his cabinet to prepare for any outcome at the vote. On Wednesday, Krishna had said, \"Any assertion on India's part may have implications on our historically friendly relations with a neighbouring country.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12284130", "title": "Prem Kumar Dhumal takes on Congress on benami, shady land deals", "text": "SHIMLA: The opposition Congress continued its protest for the fourth day in a row on Thursday, with MLAs trooping into the well of the House with their mouths covered with black bands. They staged a walkout once the question hour was over. Later, chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal submitted a list of land deals of 2007 which Congress had allowed in violation of norms.Congress has repeatedly raised the issue of corruption and targeted health minister Dr Rajeev Bindal for his alleged land deals. Bindal had quit some days back, but the chief minister rejected his resignation.On Thursday, when speaker Tulsi Ram was about to start the day's proceedings, leader of opposition Vidya Stokes wanted to know about the party's notice on bringing an adjournment motion. However, instead of repeating its earlier demand of CBI probe, she asked for a vigilance probe into allegations of corruption made by the Congress. The speaker informed her that he had already rejected the notice and that the opposition members would get ample time to raise their issues during discussion on governor's speech.Congress MLA Kaul Singh Thakur said the party had leveled allegations of corruption against the minister who resigned but chief minister gave him a clean chit the next day. Referring to comments of BJP MLA Renu Chaddha against him, he said the minister (Chaddha) indulged in character assassination. \"I demand a judicial probe into the allegations and Renu Chaddha should be made witness,\" he said.Just as he completed his statement, the opposition MLAs covered their mouths with black bands and sat in the well during the entire question hour.While replying to the motion of thanks on governor's address, Dhumal gave details of the violations in land deals committed by previous Congress government. The chief minister has watched the opposition target Bindal on the land deal issue throughout this session and took the opportunity to hit back on Thursday. He said one-man judicial commission looking after benami land deals in the state would submit its report before March 31. He added that it was during the Congress regime in 2007, that land was allocated to outsiders without following proper procedure.Defending Bindal, who is being accused by Congress of buying land belonging to IRDP families, Dhumal said that there were dozens such where the Congress government had allowed the land of poor to be sold to outsiders. The list of land cases examined by government includes the names of some IAS officers from state besides businessmen who were granted permission in violation of the norms by then Congress government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12285637", "title": "Miscreants loot Rs 23lakh from ATM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Miscreants broke into an ATM and decamped with Rs 23 lakh at Geeta Colony in east Delhi.\"The burglars used gas cutters at Punjab National Bank ATM. The guard posted outside the ATM was away on holiday while his replacement had failed to turn up. Another guard, who came in the morning, found the money missing ,'' said DCP (east) Prabhakar.\"The ATM was such that the anti-burglary CCTV system got activated only after a card was inserted. We are in touch with the bank authorities and are investigating the case,'' he added.Delhi Police said they will be meeting the bank authorities. \"Despite several requests to improve security at ATMs there are few trained guards or CCTVs in working condition,\" a senior police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12285594", "title": "Ambani, Sahara represent business world at swearing-in", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even as some of the top industrialist like Anil Ambani and Subrata Roy Sahara attended the swearing-in ceremony of Akhilesh Yadav , it was the absence of some of the top business houses who enjoyed majority benefits during the Mayawati regime that marked the occasion.Be it the JP group or Ponty Chadda of Wave Inc, or Torrent - none of them were present on the occasion, bringing the spotlight on the projects which they have been handling for the past five years.To begin with JP group has been one of the prime movers in almost every segment of state economy. Be it the real estate, or power or road construction, the group had been playing a key role in these sectors. The group had been allocated the contract of Ganga expressway; it constructed the Buddha circuit in Noida; it also bagged the two huge power projects -- Bara and Karchana in Allahabad. The group was also lucky enough to get the contract for outer ring road in Agra.Likewise, Ponty Chadda has reportedly been a major beneficiary of policies framed during the Maya regime. Be it the liquor policy or the sale of sugar mills, his group got a lions share. Chadda, however, has been quick enough to announce investment of Rs 4,000 crore in Greater Noida within a couple of days of Akhilesh being elected as leaders of the SP legislature party and hence qualifying to the next CM of UP.Interestingly, Ponty is believed to share some affinity with SP leadership as well. In fact, Mulayam Singh Yadav had inaugurated the mall constructed by the construction arm of Ponty's Wave Inc in Vibhut Khand area of Gomtinagar in Lucknow in 2004.The third and foremost absence of top officials from Torrent was also peculiar on the day. The company had been allotted the project to distribute power in Agra and collect revenue under the franchisee power distribution agreement.The move had evoked stiff resentment from power engineers who smelled a rat at the proposed move. On various occasions, the All India Power Engineers federation had been claiming of undue favours to the company, the charge which was vehemently denied by the power department.On the other hand, it was time for Anil Ambani and Subrata Roy, Sahara to show their presence. Ambani was spotted sitting and chatting with Mulayam Singh Yadav. Ambani had been nurturing the dream to establish the Dadri power project, which, however, got stalled after the way the land was acquired by the government.It was during Mulayam's previous regime that his only functional thermal power project in, Rosa village of Shahjahanpur district, was started. It though completed and got operational during the regime of Mayawati. At the same time, Subrata Roy was also shaking hands with some of the top leaders of the Samajwadi Party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12285508", "title": "Art to raise funds for musahar kids", "text": "NEW DELHI: The impoverished musahar community in Bihar can now hope for a better future. For long, the community has lived below the poverty line with no skills to earn a livelihood. However, of late, musahars have started sending their children to school in Patna. Thanks to Shoshit Seva Sangh (SSS) that runs a residential school in Patna only for the musahar (rat-eater) community, its children are now becoming literate. They have started speaking in English and are developing a strong value system.The NGO has been functioning from a rented place for the past five years, and is now making efforts to have a campus of its own. Though it has already bought two-acre land in Patna for Rs 2.5 crore, the residential building will cost Rs 7 crore more.The group organized a preview of 50 sketches by Indian artist Francis Newton Souza in the city on Wednesday evening. These sketches will be up for sale to raise funds for the community. The sketches, costing Rs 3-4 lakh each, were donated to SSS by art critic K B Goel. \"This is our attempt to raise money to build a residential school with all modern facilities. We have planned to create infrastructure for 500 children in the first phase though our objective is to accommodate at least 1,000 musahar children in the school,\" Jyoti Sinha, founder of the school - Shoshit Samadhan Kendra - said. The school, which started with just four children in 2007, now educates 287 children from the musahar community residing in different parts of Bihar.A former IPS officer, Sinha took up the challenge to educate musahar children so that they can act as catalysts of change in the coming years. \"Musahars usually work as landless agricultural labourers. The literacy rate in the community is less than 3%. There are four million musahars in Bihar. They live in ghettoes outside villages as they are not allowed to reside in the same areas as other communities,\" Sinha explained. He recalled how the group reached out to different ghettoes in various hamlets of Bihar to bring children to the school.\"We faced resistance initially, but things changed as the word spread. Now, hundreds of parents turn up for admission of their children during October-November every year. He proudly added that four children in the school are currently taking the CBSE Class X exams. \"They were promoted as they performed really well,\" Sinha said.\"We do send the children back twice a year so that they are not disconnected with their families. It's heartening to see they are usually not. Once a student went back home only to find his father drinking alcohol every evening. He told him to stop if he wanted that he should stay back. Soon he quit drinking. That's the kind of change these children will make,\" beamed Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12283131", "title": "Horse cart owner, driver charged with negligence", "text": "MUMBAI: Students and teachers at Gopal Sharma International School in Powai will miss their much talented student, Tanisha Hegde, 14, after she died in a freak accident at Panchgani on Wednesday. Her body was brought to their residence at Padmavati Housing Society at Powai on Thursday afternoon.Meanwhile, the Panchgani police on late Wednesday arrested the horse car rider Nilesh Kamble (23) and owner Sudhir Kamble (45) for allegedly causing the death of the child and injuring her four classmates due to negligence. The Kambles were produced before a magisterial court in Mahabaleshwar and sent to magisterial custody for 15 days.The Mahabaleshwar Municipal Council in a meeting held on Thursday resolved to barricade the popular \"Table Land\" to prevent plying of horse carts, he added.The deceased and injured were among the 71 students who had gone to Panchgani for a picnic on Tuesday. They had stayed the night at Hotel Blue Country. The five girls decided to take a ride in the horse cart.Tanisha was known as the 'voice of Powai' in her school, after she won a competition by that name and also was good at her studies. Her family refused to speak to the media on Thursday. The girl's body was taken to Vikhroli for the final rites. The injured students, who suffered multiple fractures, Megha Chaudhary, Siddhi Pujari, Harshika Patel and Vani Sachdev all aged 13 are undergoing treatment at Ruby Hall Clinic here and will return to the city only after their treatment, claimed the school authorities.Traumatised students from class IX and X, who was part of the educational trip will soon be counselled by the school. The three-day trip was cut short after the accident and students returned to Mumbai on Thursday afternoon. The school will be holding a parents' meet in the coming week to discuss organising such trips in the near future.\"We will not be taking any action against the tour operator. It was an unfortunate accident. The tour operators have been organising our trips for several years. The horse went out of control and the cart started moving backwards. The front wheels of the horse cart toppled which caused the fall,\" said Principal Gool Ghadiali.One of the parents of a student of class X, who was also part of the trip said that all the students are traumatised. \"I am not even asking her about the accident as she was anyway shocked to know about it. She was not close to the site of the accident, but was informed about it by their teacher, when all of them were taken back to the hotel room around 8 pm. We were all restless since the time we heard about the accident,\" said the parent.\"The cart along with the students fell on rocky surface, which proved to be fatal for the student,\" said Tulika Ambade, one of the teachers. \"We got several calls from anxious parents inquiring about the safety of their children,\" said Zenobia Wadia, vice principal of the school. The principal added that she would personally counsel the students too.(inputs by Aseem Shaikh)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12285161", "title": "CAT reserves order on Rahul Sharma\u2019s plea", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) on Thursday reserved its order on IPS officer Rahul Sharma's petition challenging the chargesheet served on him for losing vital evidence of the 2002 riots, in form of CD of call records.A bench of Ashok Kumar and Chameli Majumdar, however, has asked Sharma and the state government that is opposing the petition to submit their written arguments by March 20. The tribunal has also provided relief to Sharma by extending the deadline for filing a reply to government's chargesheet till the order in the present matter is passed.Sharma moved CAT last year against the government's act on the ground that he was victimized for deposing in connection with the riots before the Nanavati-Mehta commission. The petition is at an admission stage, where Sharma has contended that he was protected by provision of the section 6 of the Commission of Inquiry Act by which no action can be taken against him on basis of information revealed before an inquiry commission.The state government, however, rebutted it by claiming that Sharma does not have immunity because he had disclosed the fact during his crossexamination and not during his examination-inchief. The government also argued that there was no connection between the chargesheet and his deposition. Government counsel Bhaskar Tanna argued that there are contradictions in Sharma's deposition, which the government wants to inquire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12283469", "title": "BSF constable injured by cattle smugglers", "text": "KOLKATA: A Border Security Force head constable received serious head injuries after being attacked by suspected cattle smugglers from Bangladesh, along the international border under BOP Angrail in North 24-Parganas, on Tuesday night.Around 10.30pm, a BSF patrol party was attacked by 20-30 miscreants when they tried to stop cattleheads from being taken across the border into Bangladesh. The injured head constable, identified as has been identified as Ajit Singh . He has been admitted to a hospital in Bongaon. After the attack, the BSF succeeded in nabbing a miscreant who turned out to be a Bangladeshi national and seized 15 heads of cattle from the spot.\"We have lodged a protest with Border Guard Bangladesh (BGB) after the incident. Had they been alert, criminals from that country would not have managed to cross over and smuggle back cattle,\" a BSF officer said.The BSF is now planning to adopt a new strategy to curb cattle-smuggling along the Indo-Bangla border in West Bengal. \"We have already tried out the scheme in Murshidabad and it has been a success. Along with local police, we make efforts to stop the movement of cattle towards the border villages on the Indian side, from where they are taken across the border at night. The BSF and police teams are also carrying out raids at the assembly points where the smugglers meet. We have had results. There has been a nearly 80% drop in cattle smuggling in that region since the first week of February. We plan to extend this strategy to other sectors like Nadia and North 24-Parganas,\" the officer said.It is primarily cattle smuggling that has led to tension between the BSF and the BGB in the past. Cattle is brought to West Bengal from states like Punjab, Haryana, Rajasthan and Gujarat. They are taken to the border and sent across by smugglers. BSF personnel are attacked when an attempt is made to nab the smugglers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12284903", "title": "Externed NCP activist Kande granted bail", "text": "NASHIK: A city court granted bail to externed criminal and NCP activist Suhas Kande, who was nabbed by the city police on Wednesday while he was entering the city despite being externed.Kande was granted bail on being produced in the court of chief judicial magistrate Pramod Ghate on Thursday, Kande was granted bail. DCP DS Swami said that Kande had been released out of Nashik limits.Soon after getting reports that Kande was on his way to Nashik from Mumbai, DCP DS Swami, ACP Ganesh Shinde and API Kiran Kabadi and put up Nakabandi at the Garware Point area.The city police arrested Kande from the Garware Point area of the city on Wednesday evening. , just when he was coming from entering the city from Mumbai.Kande had been externed on March 3 and released in Sangmner in the Ahmednagar district.Meanwhile, on Wednesday the police received a tip off that Kande was on his way to Nashik from Mumbai.Soon after getting reports that Kande was on his way to Nashik from Mumbai, DCP DS Swami, ACP Ganesh Shinde and API Kiran Kabadi and put up Nakabandi at the Garware Point area.Kande was nabbed and action was taken under different sections of the IPC.However, Chief Judicial Magistrate Pramod Ghate awarded him bail on Thursday and the police had to release him out of the city and district limits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12286096", "title": "Scandal-hit China leader gets the axe", "text": "BEIJING: The ruling Communist Party of China on Thursday sacked a top official , who was a contender for its leadership, after his deputy sought asylum in the United States .Chongqing municipality chief Bo Xilai , who was tipped for a position in the powerful politburo standing committee, was sacked along with his deputy, Wang Lijun, who had secretly visited US consulate in Chengdu consulate.He is believed to have done so as he wanted to defect fearing official reprisals after he had stepped on many powerful toes.Bo recently told reporters that he had no inkling that his deputy would spring the nasty surprise.Vice Premier Zhang Dejiang would replace Bo. The move indicates that the central leadership seeks direct control over Chongqing's controversial affairs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12283436", "title": "Parents rough up \u2018latecomer\u2019 teacher in Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: In a bizarre incident, a government school teacher faced wrath of parents, who allegedly roughed him up for being a 'habitual' latecomer.Though the incident took place on February 25, it was reported to the police on Thursday. The Berasia police have registered a case in this regard.The police have registered a case under the Section 353 of the IPC (assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharging duty). The accused, identified as Balli, Dinesh, Raju and Mahesh, are at large, officials said.The police said the complainant, Prahlad Singh, a resident of Gandhi Nagar, is teacher of a government school at Barkehda Boder village. Singh allegedly did not go to school on time and this often led to heated arguments between him and parents.On February 25, a few parents had an argument with a few parents over the same issue and they allegedly roughed him up and locked the school. The police said Singh initially preferred to keep mum and he did not report the matter. He approached the police on Thursday and registered a case. The police have registered a case under the Section 353 of the IPC (assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharging duty) in the incident. Further investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12283552", "title": "Marans get Enforcement Directorate summons in 2G case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Enforcement Directorate (ED) has summoned former Union minister Dayanidhi Maran and his brother Kalanidhi Maran, who is the MD of and Sun TV, for questioning here on March 20 in connection with the 2G scam.The Marans are being probed under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act. The brothers have been given a choice to be represented by authorized representatives in case they cannot appear in person.Maran had quit the Cabinet last year following allegations that he had favoured Malaysian firm Maxis over Aircel in grant of telecom licences in 2004-05. Maran had denied the allegations. ED has also recorded the statements of various other associates of the Marans during its probe.Last year, the ED had widened the scope of 2G probe by looking into telecom deals prior to 2007, and had started probing the role of other telecom ministers that would extend to both UPA-1 and NDA regimes.Maran's role as the telecom minister during UPA-1 is being scrutinized by the agency, followed by other deals that are likely to be looked into and may cover the NDA regimes under both Pramod Mahajan and Arun Shourie.The ED has initiated inquiries abroad that the Sun Direct had allegedly received more than Rs 500 crore from the Maxis Group since it picked up 20% equity in Sun Direct. The money had come into the company between December, 2007 and December, 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12283827", "title": "Bank\u2019s strong room makes building structure weak", "text": "NAGPUR: Some 12 families residing in Kanchan Kiran building in Ramdaspeth are facing a threat of their G+3 storey building collapsing. The structure has developed several cracks following alleged structural alterations made to accommodate the office of the Thane Janata Sahakari Bank Limited (TJSB).According to residents Uma Shankar Agrawal, TK Rao Sridaran and Dr KG Agrawal, Kanchan Kiran building on plot number 8A was constructed in 1985. The building has 16 flats and four basement offices. TJSB, which is shortly starting a branch in the basement has taken the property on rent from the owners of Shree Radhey Complex (Raymonds showroom) on plot number 8 on Wardha Road.However, the strong room of the bank has been constructed on two flats owned by Shashikala Dhandniya and Chandrakala Dhandniya on the ground and first floors of Kanchan Kiran. The residents allege that the owners of Shree Radhey had made the changes in connivance with the Dhandniyas. They had connected both buildings without bothering to take permissions from Kanchan Cooperative Housing Society or NMC.The residents point out that the society's possession letter lays down terms that are binding on every occupant. They clearly mention that a member is not allowed to dismantle or reconstruct or add a wall or break open existing wall etc to his or her flat without permission from the society. These terms have been violated by TJSB and the two owners.Also, while making the structural changes, the 27-year-old building developed many cracks, and even concrete structures like beams have cracked. This has left the building at a risk of collapsing. The residents are living in constant fear that the building may cave in, causing loss of lives.The residents are also complaining that the civic body has acted very late. The residents of Kanchan Kiran building had filed a complaint with the civic authorities on January 24, 2012, when the construction had just started. \"Had the Dhantoli zone acted fast, the damage to our building would not have occurred,\" they alleged.\"However, the civic body acted only a couple of days ago when we asked them under RTI Act what action had been taken by Dhantoli zone on our complaint,\" said TK Rao Sridharan. \"The moment we filed the RTI application, NMC pasted a notice on the premises of the showroom where the bank is proposing to start its branch,\" he said.Satish R Utekar, chief executive officer of the bank, said they had not made any structural changes.Assistant municipal commissioner Mahesh Dhamecha admitted that TJSB has violated the rules by making structural changes. Dhamecha, who has inspected the site, said that both buildings, Shree Radhey and Kanchan Kiran, have been connected without any permission from NMC.The zone has served a notice to the building owners warning them of legal action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12284133", "title": "Kill nilgais to protect crops : Sushil Kumar Modi", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar government has said people will be allowed to kill nilgais (blue bulls) after getting prior permission from the respective DMs and SDOs in order to protect standing crops.Stating that this was decided in accordance with the guidelines of the Centre, deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi -- who also holds forest and environment portfolio -- said the killing of nilgais would be applicable for a period of one year only. He said the killing of the animal would not hit the ecological balance given that nilgais are in abundance in Bihar. Modi was responding to a question of Kedar Nath Pandey (CPI) in the state legislative council on Thursday.Pandey said several crops like potatos, wheat and maize spread over in 2,000 acres of land were destroyed in Bibhutipur block of Samastipur district. The government has not given any compensation to the farmers for crop damage, he said.He said forest department officials would provide proper training to people about the method to kill the animal. Modi admitted that several crops, particularly potatoes, weredamaged by nilgais and pigs in diara areas of Bibhutipur block in Samastipur district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12289873", "title": "Talaash postponement disrupts Bollywood plans", "text": "The postponement of Aamir Khan's Talaash from June to November seems to have affected other films and filmmakers more than him.The first film to cash in on the postponement of Aamir Khan's Talaash was Akshay Kumar's Rowdy Rathore . \"The film was earlier scheduled to release on June 15 as it wanted to maintain a decent 2 week gap from Talaash , considering an Aamir Khan starrer is releasing 3 years (last being 3 Idiots in 2009)\", explains a trade expert. \"However with Talaash getting postponed, Rowdy Rathore seized the opportunity to come two weeks early on June 1 when there was practically no opposition for Talaash \".Another film that subsequently decided to come early is Kunal Kohli's Teri Meri Kahaani . \"The film starring Shahid Kapoor and Priyanka Chopra was earlier scheduled to release on June 22. But seeing the blank spot that Talaash offered, the makers thought it made sense to release the film early\", reveals the trade expert. But does it make sense to clash with Rowdy Rathore ? \"Well June 1 also happens to be the first week after IPL comes to an end and evidently movie-lovers would love to throng the theatres after a dry spell at the box office through the IPL season. So there should be ample audience\", he explains.But while films releasing around June are gaining from the postponement of Talaash , films scheduled for November end release are at the receiving end. They will have to fight it out with an unexpected opponent in the form of Talaash . Films tentatively scheduled in that period as of now are Shootout at Wadala and Race 2 .Farhan Akhtar (producer of Talaash ) is presently busy shooting Bhaag Milkha Bhaag and probably even his film would be aiming for a yearend release. It would only make sense for him to stay away from his own production. Ironically he isn't the producer of Bhaag Milkha Bhaag (the first film he's acting outside his home production) so the release date probably won't be his call. But we hope better sense prevails.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12285593", "title": "2-day event to help corporates &amp; NGOs connect", "text": "NEW DELHI: To encourage collaboration and networking between India's CSR groups and NGO communities, exhibition organizer, UBM India, is launching NGO India 2012 at Epicenter, Gurgaon. The two-day event, starting from Friday, March 16, will host stalls from over 150 NGOs and foundations. Free workshops and paid-for conferences will run at the event.\"For the first time in India, we are facilitating an event where as part of our CSR we bring NGOs and donors on the same platform. The forum includes networking, knowledge sharing, exploring funding avenues and an opportunity for matching potential donors and recipients. From showcasing their work to voicing their views, NGO India 2012 is an attempt to make a difference to those in the business of making a difference,\" says Michael Duck, executive vice-president, UBM Asia. Entry to the exhibition is free for all and will be open to public on the last day, March 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12285554", "title": "Netas, businessmen attend Akhilesh swearing-in ceremony", "text": "LUCKNOW: At a ceremony at the La Martiniere school grounds, 19 cabinet ministers were and 28 ministers of state in Akhilesh Yadav's ministry. The ceremony was attended by several political bigwigs, among them Union cabinet minister Pawan Bansal and veteran Congress leader Motilal Vora. There were also Prakash Karat and Sitaram Yechury of CPM and A B Bardhan of CPI which made political pundits wonder whether Mulayam was cosying up to the Left for the possible formation of a non-Congress, non-BJP political front.While the SP was successful in shedding its anti-English, anti-computer image under Akhilesh during the election campaign, he will still have to explain the inclusion of the likes of Raja Bhaiya and Mahmoob Ali, who faces 15 criminal cases. Akhilesh later defended Raja Bhaiya's inclusion saying he had been a minister before. Also, glimpses of the old SP were on display at the ceremony as hundreds of SP workers climbed on to the stage as soon as the ceremony ended to trigger a free-for-all.After the swearing-in ceremony, Akhilesh Yadav went to the CM office at the secretariat annexe to take charge and later addressed a news conference at 5, Kalidas Marg -official residence of the UP CM - where he promised to implement all the promises made in the party manifesto. At his first cabinet meeting it was decided that all girl students passing Class X would be given laptops.This done, the Mulayam Singh family, including Akhilesh and his wife Dimple and Shivpal Yadav, headed for Sahara Sheher for a lunch hosted by Sahara chief Subrata Roy. The lunch was also attended by the visiting Left leaders and other political and business notables, including Anil Ambani. Jaya Bachchan and Zayed Khan.At one level, Akhilesh's team has been picked with care - almost all castes and communities have found representation. Although the 18% job quota for Muslims promised by SP is yet to materialize, the party has given 20% ministerial berths to the community by inducting 10 ministers - three cabinet and seven ministers of state. The maximum number of Cabinet ministers are Yadavs (6), followed by five Thakurs, three Brahmins, and two Dalits.While L K Advani didn't turn up for the swearing in, leaving Kalraj Mishra as the sole BJP representative, the presence of BSP leaders Naseemuddin Siddiqui and Swami Prasad Maurya was a surprise. The unexpected arrival of BSP leaders evoked a warm welcome as senior SP leader Ram Gopal Yadav hugged them and later escorted the two to meet Mulayam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12286137", "title": "Panel okays Basava\u2019s statue in London: Patil", "text": "MYSORE: The planning committee of London Borough of Lambeth has accorded permission to install a statue of 12th century philosopher Basaweshvara on the banks of the River Thames.Immediate past mayor of Lambeth, Dr Neeraj Patil, told TOI that the five-member planning committee, which met on Tuesday, heard the application filed by him and gave its approval. Dr Patil said, in a written statement, he had pointed out how Basaweshvara was not only one of the pioneers of the world's largest democracy who created a model Parliament way back in the 12th century, but also he was one of the first individuals to rebel against slavery and caste discrimination.\"I pointed out to the committee that erecting statue of the pioneer of the world's largest democracy in front of the world's oldest democracy will enhance the cultural relationship between Britain and India,\" he said, adding that the statue will be built on a granite plinth on the historic Albert Embankment opposite the British Parliament along the banks of River Thames.Patil said his plea was supported by Lambeth Asian Forum and Friends of Vauxhall Pleasure Gardens. As a sign of solidarity, the Pakistani community of London, led by Mr Toaha Qureshi M B E, firmly backed the initiative and submitted a petition in this regard to the committee, expressing their support to the proposal.Before commencing the construction of the statue's plinth, the plan needs to be finally approved by the cabinet minister for culture media and sports as per Section 5 of The Public Statue Act of Britain (1854). \"Soon, the statue will come up at the spot and it will be a proud moment for the people of Karnataka, the birthplace of the saint-philosopher,\" he said, acknowledging the moral support of people on this score. Dr Patil, who has settled in London, hails from Gulbarga.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "12286139", "title": "Shimoga\u2019s tech-savvy ryot feted", "text": "SHIMOGA: K S Seshadri, a farmer from Kannangi village in Theerthahlli taluk, 50km from here, received the Krushi Panditha award instituted by the state government last week.Seshadri turned his ancestral profession of farming into a scientifically converted profitable mode. He is the first farmer in the district to adopt Green House technology that helps boost production, quality and profit.With assistance from Pune-based National Institute of Post Harvest Technology, Seshadri is cultivating cash crops, vegetables and flowers in his green house. The technology ensures a long shelf life for his produce by protecting them from the vagaries of weather. Besides farming, Seshadri educates farmers to adopt modern technology at low-cost scientific farming to reduce cost and dependence on labour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12282732", "title": "Exam centre vandalised at Chhota Udepur", "text": "VADODARA: Private candidates appearing for Class X secondary school certificate ( SSC) examination conducted by Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board resorted to vandalism at an examination centre at Chhota Udepur on Thursday. The incident took place after the examinations when the group was leaving the centre.Officials in the district education department said that the students were appearing for the science and technology papers at Stree Adhyapan Mandir examination centre at Chhota Udepur. They had tried to copy in the examination, but were prevented from doing so by the supervisor in a classroom.\"After the examination got over, some persons resorted to vandalism. Window panes were shattered, black boards were broken and benches were overturned at the examination centre. But all this happened after the examinations got over,\" said an official. The supervisors brought the issue to the notice of the district education officer and officials of the district administration. Procedures were started to register an offence regarding the incident at the Chhota Udepur police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12284227", "title": "Businessman looted of Rs 11 lakh", "text": "JAIPUR: A businessman who was returning home after withdrawing Rs 11 lakh on Thursday was looted of the money in front of Charak Bhawan situated on the Jawahar Lal Nehru (JLN) Marg here.The incident took place when two bike-borne assailants rammed into a car going in front of them on the road. Later the owner of the car Nikhilesh Kumar came out and entered into a verbal confrontation. Soon after a group of people including autorickshaw drivers joined the commotion. After some minutes it ended, and Nikhilesh realized that his cash bag containing Rs 11 lakh went missing.\"He approached us and we visited the spot and quizzed a few eye witnesses of the case. Prima facie it appears that the bike-borne assailants who first rammed their vehicle into his car could be behind the loot. We are also finding out the possibility if some autorickshaw drivers who too joined in were behind it,\" a police officer from the Moti Dungari police station said.Police said in the past similar incidents took place in which the modus operandi of the looters remain the same.\"They first enter into a verbal confrontation with people on the road and later flee with the cash bags and other valuables,\" said B L Soni, commissioner of police.Police added that Nikhilesh had withdrawn the money from a private bank located at Civil lines. \"It could not be ruled out that the robbers were chasing the businessmen from the bank itself,\" an officer said.Similar, incidents had taken place in the past at Gopalpura Mode, MI Road and Ahainsa circle.Police said those who were booked for similar incidents in the past would be quizzed in connection with the latest incident.Some of robbers who were booked in similar cases are on bail and could be behind it. \"At the same time, we are also quizzing the autorickshaw drivers to find out if any of them was behind it,\" police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12285059", "title": "Cong MLA wants complaint lodged against education minister", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Congress MLA from Bardoli, Kuvarji Halpati, in a letter to speaker Ganpat Vasava, said that a criminal complaint should be lodged against education minister Ramanlal Vora.During a discussion on supplementary demands for the education department, Vora had allegedly said that Halpati had no right to speak on the matter since he had threatened a teacher of Ram Kabir school after his son, who was appearing for class XII science examination, was caught copying.Halpati was quick to react and said that he had in fact asked the teachers to be strict and not allow the students to copy. Halpati claimed that he was passing through the assembly's corridors where he met Vora. \"I met Vora who said that he would ensure that my son does not clear the examination. Vora even rudely shooed me away,\" alleged Halpati. He stated that as the incident occurred within the assembly, a complaint against Vora should be lodged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12285557", "title": "Economic Survey: Price rise? The fisc holds the key", "text": "The government will have to aim for rapid fiscal consolidation if inflation has to be kept down and the economy has to post robust growth, Economic Survey 2011-12 said on Thursday. The statement comes a day before finance minister Pranab Mukherjee's Budget speech. It is possible that the government may announce a roadmap to repair public finances , say analysts. RBI, which left interest rates unchanged on Thursday, also said that fiscal deficit has been adding to inflationary pressure and credible fiscal consolidation will be an important factor in shaping the inflation outlook.\"In the interest of mediumto-long term growth, it is important for us to bring the fiscal deficit down. While an expanded deficit can boost consumption and economic growth, this is medicine akin to antibiotics,\" said the survey.\"It is very effective if properly used and in limited doses , but can cause harm if used over a prolonged period. Hence, government's aim must be to effect rapid fiscal consolidation,\" it added.The government has already said that meeting the fiscal deficit target of 4.6% of GDP for 2011-12 would be a challenge and economists estimate it could end up at around 5.5% of GDP.The central bank has repeatedly called for restoring the health of public finances, which are groaning under the weight of rising spending commitments , higher subsidies and sluggish tax receipts due to the economic slowdown.The survey reiterated that headline inflation, as measured by the wholesale price index, is expected to ease to 6.5% to 7% and further moderate in the months ahead, barring unexpected shocks. Inflation is hovering around 7% level after being stubbornly high for more than a year on the back of costly vegetables and protein-based items.\"Recent geo-political uncertainties are once again putting pressures on crude oil prices globally. This represents a major risk and challenge and the best course of action would be to persist with regular step-adjustment of energy prices, which will help in reducing incipient structural inflationary pressures and fiscal consolidation efforts,\" the survey said.RBI warned about upside risk to inflation. \"However, upside risks to inflation have increased from the recent surge in crude oil prices, fiscal slippage and rupee depreciation. Besides, there continues to be significant suppressed inflation in fuel, fertilizer and power as administered prices do not fully reflect the costs of production ,\" it said. It said that notwithstanding deceleration in growth, inflation risks remain, which will influence both the timing and magnitude of future actions on interest rates.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012, Rail Budget 2012 , Pre Budget 2012, Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12289551", "title": "Ilayathalapathy promotes Krish!", "text": "Singer Krish is excited and ready to release the one-minute teaser trailer for his upcoming album titled Forever in Love.And the big news is that Ilayathalapathy Vijay, who is a close friend and supports the singer in his endeavours, will be appearing in the teaser trailer as well and promoting the album that will revolve around romance When contacted, Krish said, \"It was really sweet of Vijay to appear for the promotion of the album. He heard the songs of the album and was quite impressed with the manner in which we have tuned and shot the songs.\"The singer, who recently sung in Vijay's Nanban, has also crooned a number in his upcoming Thuppaki. The singer and actor share a warm friendship and are often spotted at filmi events together. In fact, during a recent cricket match of film celebrities, Vijay made a guest appearance and bonded a lot with the June Pona singer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12286010", "title": "Desi whiz kids sparkle at \u2018junior Nobel prize\u2019", "text": "WASHINGTON: The old acronym ABCD that has long stood for American-Born Confused Desi?... you may want to change that to American-Born Competitive Desi.Continuing the extraordinary saga of academic excellence in the US, yet another Indian-American youngster has snagged the top prize in a scholastic contest, further fuelling the debate on overachieving Asian kids sparked by the book Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mom by Amy Chua.Nithin Reddy Tumma, 17, of Fort Gratiot, Michigan, won the top award of $100,000 from the Intel Foundation for his research which could lead to more direct, targeted, effective and less toxic breast cancer treatments, the US Society for Science (SFS) announced on Tuesday.STS and Intel said Reddy analyzed the molecular mechanisms in cancer cells and found that by inhibiting certain proteins, we could slow growth of cancer cells and decrease their malignancy. Two other Indian-American youth were placed in the top ten of the talent contest, sometimes dubbed 'Junior Nobel Prize' competition.Neel Patel of Florida placed 6th, receiving a $25,000 award for studying how nonspeech patterns of sounds - called sonifications - can convey information, which could lead to a computer-user interface as revolutionary as the graphical interface was 30 years ago.In 7th place was Anirudh Prabhu of Indiana, who also received a $25,000 award for his investigation of the odd perfect number problem, and his suggestion that odd perfect numbers do not exist.While the finalists join the ranks of other notable Science Talent Search alumni who, according to Intel, have won seven Nobel Prizes, two Fields Medals, four National Medals of Science, 11 MacArthur Foundation Fellowships and even an Academy Award for Best Actress over the past 70 years the competition has been in existence, the high strike rate of young Indian-Americans in school competitions is striking.They now routinely win the most prestigious nationwide school contests - from the now infamous Spelling Bee championships (eight times in the last ten years) to the Google Science Fair, two of whose three finalists last year were Indian-Americans , including the eventual winner, Shree Bose.Intel finals were last won by an Indian-American in 2008, when North Carolina's Shivani Sud, a Durham high school student, was awarded a $100,000 college scholarship for her research to improve colon cancer treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12283576", "title": "Court pulls the plug on stone mining near airport", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Thursday banned stone mining and crushing activities at Tirusulam village, opposite the Chennai airport. Noting that these activities were going on due to weak resistance from government law officers in 2007, the court said that unless the illegal activities are not stopped immediately, it would be presumed that officials are a willing party to the illegality.The first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam said: \"No counter-affidavit has been filed for the reason best known to the state or counsel representing the state. On what basis, therefore, the state allowed the petitioners, who are the encroachers, to carry on the mining operations is not known and it remains a mystery.\" The judges were passing orders on a batch of writ petitions filed by the stone quarry owners opposing eviction notice from the government.This is not the first time quarry owners of Tirusulam are at the receiving end in the high court. On April 22, 2010, a bench of Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice KK Sasidharan refused to direct the Tamil Nadu government to extend quarrying licences of some operators.On July 3, 2008, a bench headed by Justice S J Mukhopadhaya (now a judge in the Supreme Court) directed the Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board to issue closure notice to the stone crusher units found violating mandatory pollution norms. On Thursday, the first bench pointed out that mining operations at Tirusulam had been continuing due to an interim order passed in 2007 following improper pleading from the government law officers. \"Since the writ petitioners were not properly opposed from the side of the state, an interim order was passed and on the basis of that interim order, till date, the petitioners are carrying on the illegal mining operations,\" the judges said.Dismissing all the writ petitions filed by quarry operators, the first bench said: \"We direct the state government to take immediate steps to stop such mining operations, which are being carried on not only by the petitioners but also by other such encroachers. If the state or the authorities concerned do not take any step to stop such illegal mining, then the court shall have no option but to presume that the persons concerned are also interested in the continuation of such illegal activities.\" The judges then directed the court registry to communicate the order to the chief secretary and secretaries of industries and geology &amp; mining departments for taking necessary action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12285225", "title": "Corporation plans to shift omni bus stand", "text": "COIMBATORE: Coimbatore corporation has planned to shift the omni bus stand to a location either on Avinashi road or Tiruchi road in order to decongest traffic at Gandhipuram and to offer better facilities for bus operators and passengers going to other cities.TK Ponnusamy, corporation commissioner said it was noticed that nearly 75% of the omni buses travelling to south Tamil Nadu and Chennai take either of these arterial roads. However, due to the bus stand located in the middle of a busy and commercial area, the buses create congestion, he added. Further not all buses have enough space to be parked inside the stand and many are found parked on the road.According to the commissioner, 10 acres of land would be required to establish the omni bus stand, which would meet all the basic requirements of a bus stand.\"The present bus stand is spread in less than two acres of lands. When it was inaugurated, it was designed to hold 40 buses, now the numbers have increased manifold,\" said N Senthil Kumar, secretary of Coimbatore Omni Bus Owners and Travel Association.Welcoming the corporation's move, Kumar said this would help the omni bus operators as they would have more space to accommodate the buses.He also emphasised that there is a need to have better facilities for the drivers and cleaners. There are no proper rest rooms and water facilities at the present bus stand and the corporation should also keep this in mind while planning the new bus stand, he added.\"This is a welcome move as it would solve the problem of traffic congestion. However, the transport department has to ensure that there are enough buses from the city to the new bus stand,\" said Francis Barclay, a frequent traveller to Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12284236", "title": "Volleyball tournament: Indian Bank, SER win openers", "text": "PATNA: Indian Bank, Chennai, defeated East Coast Railways, Bhubaneswar, 25-19, 25-17, 26-24 in the opening match of the All India Men and Women's Volleyball Tournament organized by the Directorate of Youth and Sports, Bihar, and Dr Shiv Narain Singh Sports &amp; Cultural Foundation at the outer ground of the Moinul Haq Stadium here on Thursday.The bank men had a tough fight against the East Coast Railways in pool A match of the tournament being played on round-robin league basis. Top two teams from each pool will reach the semi-finals. ONGC and BSF are the other teams in pool A. Punjab Police, Bihar Military Police, CRPF and DLW, Varanasi, are in pool B.K Sayee Krishnan and D Sounder smashed valuable points for the Indian Bank but East Coast's Venkatesh, Ramesh C Ojha and Vivek Singh outpaced their rivals with precise placing over the net. They were well supported by I D Santosh in the middle.In the women's group, the South Eastern Railways got the better of Delhi in straight sets 25-23, 25-10, 25-21. The S-E Railways' girls went into lead through good smashes by their captain T Moni Oraon and Minakshi Ghosh and placid placements by Rima Dalmia. Delhi, trailing 8-12 in the first set, tried to bounce back into the game with good court coverage by their skipper Jaspreet Kaur and Shalu, who made some superb blocking over the net to make the score 20-all. But the S-E Railways' girls mounted pressure and won the first set 25-23. They kept the momentum going throughout the match.Eastern Railways and Bihar are the other teams in the women's section.Art, culture and youth affairs minister Sukhda Pandey inaugurated the tournament. Education department principal secretary Anjani Kumar Singh, chairman of Bihar Rajya Pul Nirman Nigam Vipin Kumar, zonal manager of Indian Bank Raj Gupta, circle head of Punjab National Bank J K Gupta and orthopaedic surgeon Dr R N Singh were also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12285046", "title": "Valuables worth 6.12 lakh stolen in three burglaries", "text": "PUNE: Cash and gold ornaments valued at Rs 6.12 lakh were stolen in separate burglaries in the city on Wednesday. The incidents took place at Katraj, Sus Road and Kalewadi.On Wednesday, between 10am and 3pm, three flats in Dhone-Nahar complex were found broken into. The burglars stole gold ornaments worth Rs 3 lakh from Rahul Raut's flat. Though they also broke into Babasaheb Sarovar and Ashok Pasalkar's flats in the same complex, nothing was found stolen from the two flats.Assistant police inspector of the Bharati Vidyapeeth police station Krishna Indalkar said the burglars broke the locks of the main doors of the three flats to gain entry. \"We are working on some clues,\" Indalkar said.Another incident took place at Kalewadi near Sangvi on early Wednesday morning. The burglars broke into the flat of one Jalindar Bhad and decamped with cash and gold ornaments worth Rs 1.28 lakh. The Sangvi police are investigating further.Burglars stole cash, camera and gold ornaments worth Rs 1.84 lakh from the flat of one Tapas Das on Sus Road. The incident took place between 12 pm to 10 pm. Das filed the complaint with the Chatushrungi police. Police sub-inspector P N Bahure is investigating further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12286037", "title": "Citizens run to spread awareness on growing cases of kidney disorders", "text": "ALLAHABAD: To spread awareness among people to keep kidneys protective, a cross-country race was held here on the occasion of World Kidney Day on Thursday. Apart from this, a kidney check up camp for also organized where over 500 patients were examined. The race began from Madan Mohan Malviya stadium.Doctors advised people to drink lot of water and keep a check on blood pressure to avoid kidney ailments. Doctors said awareness can check chronic kidney diseases (CKD) to a great extent.\"There is a growing need to raise awareness about ways to protect kidneys that are a vital organ in the body,\" said doctors. They said Allahabad region not only suffers from lack of awareness, people do not drink adequate water and fail to keep blood pressure in check, which are two basic preventived measures to protect kidneys,\" they added.A book Hello Glomerulai was also released on the occasion. It aims to spread awareness on kidney disorders. Doctors stressed on the need to spread awareness about the disease in the rural areas of the district. The doctors also delivered lectures on nephrotic syndrome, diabetes and CKD and cordiorenal syndrome.Health experts say early detection and treatment of CKD not only slows or halts the progression of patients to end-state renal disease, but can significantly reduce the increased incidence of cardiovascular diseases, the most common cause of premature deaths from kidney disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12285951", "title": "City MLA re-nominated as university EC member", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Congress MLA from City North, Anugrah Narayan Singh has been again named as the member of Executive Council of Allahabad University.His name, sent by the Ministry of Human Resource and Development (MHRD) against the Visitor's-the President of India-nominee, comes after one of the four members, to be nominated by the Visitor, resigned from the EC membership.The term of the three nominated members of EC ended in the month of October last whereas the term of Anugrah, who had been the member of EC three times earlier, ended on November 22 last year.The Visitor had nominated Prof S Parasuraman, Director Tata Institute of Social Sciences, Mumbai, Dr Devi Singh, Director IIM Lucknow, Dr Prakash Chandra Upadhayay, the Pro-V-C of Guru Gasidash Vishwavidyalaya Bilaspur and Dilip Singh Narsingha Hazari fron Nanded, Maharashtra as the four members of EC. The term of these four EC members starts from November 1, 2011.The vacancy for these Four new members follows the end of term of Prof Ved Prakash, Vice-Chancellor, Banaras Hindu University , Prof DP Singh and noted academician Prof Nishikant D Mirajkar and the Congress MLA Anugrah Narayan Singh.But later, the Pro-V-C of Guru Gasidash Vishwavidyalaya Bilaspur Dr Prakash Chandra Upadhayay, resigned from his membership of EC following which the name of Anugrah has been finalised by the Visitor. A former president of the AU student union, Anugrah had been member of EC three times earlier i.e. from 1989 to 91, 1991 to 94 and third time from October 28, 2008 to November 22, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "12284170", "title": "Son kills father in Sirsa district", "text": "SIRSA: A 28-year-old youth allegedly killed his father for not marrying him even after he had attained marriageable age at Dothar village in Sirsa on Wednesday night.Marriage has been a challenging task for thousands youths due to skewed sex ratio in Haryana but the incident has sent shockwaves in the entire village.In this case, the family having no land was earning livelihood by working as agriculture labourers. After the crime, accused Brij Lal surrendered to police on Thursday evening.According to police sources, he admitted to investigators that he killed his father, Sheokaran (50), with a sharp-edged weapon.Investigation officer of the case, Hansraj Bishnoi said, \"Brij Lal told us that his father had married his younger brother Shanti Lal while he still was unmarried. This led to a quarrel in the family and in a fit of anger the accused killed his father.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12285499", "title": "\u2018New panel to review pay-&amp;-park\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC will place its proposed pay-and-park scheme for review before its newly-elected standing committee, the Bombay HC was told on Thursday. A division bench of Justices P B Majmudar and Ramesh Dhanuka was hearing a petition by former councillor Hamida Mistry and social worker Dr Aslam Qureishi challenging quota in the scheme. At the last hearing, the HC questioned 50% quota for women's self-help groups.BMC advocate D H Mehta said the civic chief has said the quota cannot be changed. But the judges said it has to be seen if the policy is constitutionally valid or not. The HC was told the committee may meet in April. Adjourning the hearing to April 24, the judges directed its interim order to continue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12285362", "title": "Cut multiple taxes to lure foreign tourists, urge hoteliers", "text": "MUMBAI: Cut multiple taxes or lose foreign tourists to places like Singapore, Hong Kong and other places in China: This is the message that the country's hotel industry sent out to the Centre.The Federation of Hotel and Restaurants' Association of India (FHRAI), in its memorandum to the Centre, said the country was still not considering hotel as basic necessity for tourists but a luxury, as a result of which they were losing a large chunk of visitors, in turn revenue, to China and Singapore. FHRAI blames the dip in tourist influx on the manifold taxes hotels here have to pay, which they pass onto their guests' bill. Unlike in India, hotels in other soth Asian countries have to pay a single tax, ranging from 5% to 7%, while in Hong Kong, the amount is nil.\"Foreign tourists have been skipping a long stay in India. Against an annual figure of 30 million foreigners visiting Singapore, the number is merely 6 million for Mumbai because of huge taxes India imposes on hotels,\" said Kamlesh Barot, president of FHRAI. Hotels here pay 5% value added tax ( VAT) and 10% luxury tax, besides 10.33% service tax.The industry employs 53 million people and generates 8%-9% of India's GDP. \"The travel and tourism sector creates 78 jobs per million rupees invested, compared to 45 jobs in agriculture and 22 in the manufacturing industry. Still, we do not consider it a basic infrastructure but a rare luxury,\" lamented Barot.Echoing him, Pradip Shetty of Hotels and Restaurants Association of Western India said, \"The mindset to look at hotels as a luxury should change.\" He added that instead of having so many taxes, effort should be made to lure more tourists who would help earn more revenue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12286017", "title": "Obesity begins even before birth", "text": "LONDON: Struggling to shed those extra kilos even after following a strict diet regime? Then, blame it on your mother, scientists say.A team at the Newcastle University in the UK found that some people are programmed to be fat while still in the womb, with the mother-to-be's lifestyle affecting her baby's health for years to come.They found changes around their DNA at birth which may result from their mother's diet or exposure to pollution or stress. They then linked these changes to a higher Body Mass Index in children aged about nine years of age. The researchers, however, said more work is needed to definitively prove the link between these changes and obesity.Caroline Relton, who led the research , said, \"Other studies have just taken genes at birth and looked at differences irrespective of whether they are differently expressed with different levels of obesity. The difference between this study and others is that we had a reason to focus on the genes we looked at because we knew they were differently expressed in children with a higher BMI,\" he told the BBC.Childhood or adult obesity has many causes and scientists have previously linked specific genes, such as the FTO gene, with increased body weight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12284987", "title": "Regional science centre to come up at Chinchwad", "text": "PUNE: The National Council of Science Museum is setting up a regional science centre in Pimpri Chinchwad where students can learn science through exhibitions and games. This will be the second such centre in Maharashtra after Nagpur.The project, funded by the Union ministry for culture, housing and poverty alleviation, is being executed under the guidance of Nehru Science Centre, Mumbai.Two years ago, a company named Pimpri Chinchwad science park was registered for setting up and operating the centre. The company comprises representatives of the Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporation and National Council of Science Museum.\"The regional science centre is being developed on a 7.5 acre plot located in a quarry near the Autocluster in Chinchwad, off Pune-Mumbai highway. The centre has a two-storied building with an area of 3,220 sq.m - 1,948 sq m ground floor and 1,272 sq m first floor,\" said Pravin Tupe, joint city engineer, Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation.The work will be completed by September, Tupe said adding that the building will have ramp and special lift for the physically challenged.The estimated cost of the project is Rs 9.75 crore, of which Rs 4.25 crore is the union government grant while the rest will be contributed by the civic body. The centre will have exhibits of dinosaurs and of subjects related to information technology, computer science, engineering, automobiles, etc.V K Mohan, technical officer (civil), Nehru Science Centre, Mumbai, said, \"There is a national science centre in Mumbai and a regional science centre in Nagpur. The regional science centre being developed at Pimpri Chinchwad will be the second regional science center in the state.\"There will be 60 exhibits in the science park that will have three main galleries. The gallery showing exhibits on developments in automobile engineering will be on the ground floor. The exhibits will show the journey in automobile engineering -- from the invention of a wheel to the latest developments, Mohan said.\"There will be an inflatable dome planetarium with a seating capacity of 15 to 20. Basic information about astronomy, stars and planets. There will also be a hall where films and documentaries based on science will be screened.\"The first floor will have a gallery with exhibits on energy, such as solar, mechanical, electrical, etc. There will be another gallery displaying exhibits on entertainment , science and computers. The students will be able to understand the basic principles in physics, mathematics, geography, geology, chemistry, bio-sciences and electrical engineering, Mohan said adding that a fun science gallery will enable students to learn through games.According to a statement issued by the Press Information Bureau, on March 13,Union minister for culture, housing and poverty alleviation Kumari Selja in a written reply in the Lok Sabha , said that total nine regional/ sub-regional science centres were being set up by the National Council of Science Museum. They will be handed over to the respective state governments for operation and maintenance. Apart from the one coming up at Pimpri Chinchwad, the other centres will be located at Raipur , Jaipur, Coimbatore, Mangalore, Dehradun , Puducherry, Jodhpur and Jorhat.Selja had said there were 18 regional and sub-regional science centres in the country under the administrative control of National Council of Science Museum. Another 11 regional/ sub-regional science centres also set up by the council are functioning under the respective state governments/ union territories. Six regional science centres are proposed in the 12th Plan, which will come up at Mysore, Chandigarh, Ambala, Bargarh(Orissa), Udaipur and Srinagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "director", "code": "12291995", "title": "Chaurahen: Movie Review", "text": "Director: Rajshree Ojha Cast: Karthik Kumar, Nedumudi Venu, Soha Ali Khan, Roopa GangulyChaurahen largely talks about people who are stuck at the crossroads in their life and aren't able to decide the direction they want to take. Unfortunately most characters of the film seem to be lost in life over such incoherent issues that their overall journey seems like a pointless exercise.The story opens in three individual and unconnected episodes across different cities of India. Farooq (Ankur Khanna) can't get over memories of his dead parents and is stuck in the confines of his ancestral property in Mumbai. Unreasonably enough, he isn't willing to let go of anything from his father's dentures to toilet bags, thereby evidently distancing himself from his girlfriend (Soha Ali Khan) - and also the audience.Dr Bose (Victor Bannerjee) and his wife (Roopa Ganguly) are a childless couple trapped in a loveless marriage. The love is seemingly lost over the loss of their child though it's never clear. Further Bose indulges in an illicit affair with a much younger woman (didn't we see Bannerjee's 'age-old' romance even in Jogger's Park ).Comparatively the third track that plays in Kochi has more heart. When his younger brother dies in war, Naveen (Karthik Kumar) comes to be alongside his father (Nedumudi Venu) for some days. While the father wants his only successor to stay back, the son sees his life only abroad.From the three tracks, it's primarily only the Kochi chapter that has an emotional appeal while the other two almost leave you impassive. Naveen and his father have diverse perspectives but each is correct in their individual opinion. The resulting dilemma makes for a poignant plot. However, Farooq's family fixation is as much annoying as aberrant it is. And you keep wondering what went wrong between the Bose couple.The storytelling isn't episodic but plays parallel to each other, constantly changing tracks from one chapter to another. Also the frequent switchover is often abrupt. Thereby the intensity of Kochi track is somewhere diluted with the blandness of the other two chapters. The cameo of the soldier son (Shyan Munshi) who is more of a poet than patriot at heart doesn't contribute much to the narrative. None of the tracks are even remotely correlated, so the effort to get the characters to cross paths in the climax seems an artificial attempt.The pacing in intentionally lethargic and the film takes its own sweet time to tell whatever little it has to say. The tone is subtle but that only adds to the shallowness of the story rather than intensifying the impact. Moreover, the characters seem to be stressing over their single conflicts repeatedly, making the narrative more one-dimensional.From the cast, Karthik Kumar and Nedumudi Venu come up with the most impressive acts bringing forth a heart-touching father-son relationship. Arundhati Nag as the bridge between the father and son is remarkable. Everyone else from Victor Bannerjee, Roopa Ganguly, Ankur Khanna and Soha Ali Khan suffer from half-baked characterizations. Zeenat Aman , in a cameo, is charming.At the end of it, Chaurahen leaves you at the middle-of-the-road. You don't hate the film. But you don't love it either.Verdict: Average", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12292138", "title": "DMK downplays absence of MoS Palanimanickam", "text": "NEW DELHI: DMK today played down the absence of Minister of State for Finance SS Palanimanickam in the House during the presentation of Union Budget which it hailed as \"growth oriented.\"The third largest ally of the UPA government said nothing should be read in the absence of Palanimanickam as he was busy in the by-elections in the state.\"He is busy in by-elections in Tamil Nadu . That is the only reason and no other reasons (for his absence). His presence in the by-elections is inevitable,\" DMK leader T Siva told reporters outside parliament.Siva further said, \"All (DMK) MPs are here. Do not imagine things as our relation (with Congress) is very good and cordial.\"Describing the budget as \"growth oriented,\" DMK leader said the efforts of the government will have positive results.\"On the whole it is a growth oriented budget. This atempt will bear fruit and India's pace in this direction will withstand all crisis which exist globally,\" Siva said.Lauding the move to increase income tax exemption slab he said, \"Already we have resisted the recession in comparison to other countries.\"Praising Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee, he said, \"The steps taken by Finance Minister are a road map which will take India where it has to be.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12283901", "title": "Three armed youths rob Nagpur jeweller at gunpoint", "text": "NAGPUR: Three youths, masked and armed, looted valuables and cash worth 4 lakh from a jewellery shop at Swagat Nagar on Narsala road on Wednesday afternoon. The entire operation was done in three minutes.Kunal Asare, in his 20s, was having lunch at the cash counter of his shop when suddenly a man placed a gun at his forehead. Kunal and his father Nanaji work at the shop and have no staff. This was third incident of attack on jeweler in city in recent months. In September last year, Sudhir Khobragade was killed after being attacked by robbers at Bhagyashree Nagar in Nadanwan. Two months ago, three robbers on a bike having country-made gun had attempted to rob a sarafa bazaar jeweller Pravin Junghare.On Wednesday around 4.10 pm, the trio came on a bike. They stopped and had some water at a grocery shop opposite the jewellers'. \"When the man placed a gun at my forehead, I looked at him but his face was covered with a scarf,\" said Asare. Even before Asare could react, two more youths entered the shop and pointed knives at him and threatened him of dire consequences. Asare told cops that one of the robbers was not wearing mask.\"While one held the gun at my head, another robber walked towards the drawer and took 6,000 cash. He also took 3 kgs silver valuables and 60 grams gold ornaments and a mobile phone. The third youth stood near the door to keep a watch,\" said Asare.Asare saw the robbers leave on a motorcycle towards Dighori road. He said that he along with nearby resident tried to follow them but failed to find them. Asare then alerted the police control room. Within minutes Hudkeshwar police reached the spot.DCP Zone IV Nishith Mishra said it appeared the robbers might have kept an eye on Asare's shop for a few days. The shop had remained closed from Saturday to Monday as the family had been to a relative's marriage at Yavatmal. \"We opened the shop on Tuesday. Usually, I and Kunal work together but on Wednesday I stayed back at home as I had some work,\" said Kunal's father Nanaji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12285736", "title": "Police to alert Interpol to nab Iranian bombers", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Iranian men accused in last month's Aurangzeb Road blast bought a moped from Karol Bagh's used vehicles market to recce their target route but rode a borrowed bike to plant the bomb on February 13, police say.The moped (HR-51-T-5306) that was later found at journalist SMA Kazmi's Jorbagh residence was bought and registered by the alleged bomber Houshang Afshar Irani last April, pointing to careful planning for the attack.While Irani is said to have paid Rs 10,000 for the moped, he rented the black Hero Passion Pro bike (DL11-SB-0180) used in the attack from a staffer at the Karol Bagh hotel where he was staying.\"When Irani asked hotel staffer Preetpal Singh Sachdeva to arrange a bike, Sachdeva rented him his own bike. Irani had apparently used the bike earlier also during his 15-day stay here just before the attack,\" a source said.Investigations have revealed that Irani knew the city well as he had made several visits over a year. After doing the initial planning in February last year, he had returned in April and bought the moped, which he left at Kazmi's house. On his latest trip to carry out the attack, he had spent 15 days in Karol Bagh with two cohorts - Syed Ali Mahdiansadr and Mohammad Reza Abolghasemi. They changed hotels 4-5 times to avoid raising suspicion.After unearthing strong leads in the case, Delhi Police has begun formalities for issuing red corner notices (international alerts) against the three Iranians through Interpol (India). The passport details of Irani (I17287444/ issued 9/1/10), Mahdiansadr(J14922614/ issued on 25/12/08) and Abolghasemi (F14772374/ issued 2/12/08) will be shared with Iran to get more details. The three are aged 32-35 years and speak Persian and English.Israeli diplomat Tal Yehoshua-Koren was injured in the Aurangzeb Road blast. Police sources said Irani, who stuck the bomb to her Innova car after tailing it on the Hero bike, returned to Karol Bagh and handed over the bike to Sachdeva. He then left the moped at Kazmi's residence. While both vehicles have been seized, Kazmi was nabbed last week and Sachdeva, resident of Rohini, has been questioned in connection with the case.Senior officers said the three Iranians were part of a large module that simultaneously planted bombs in New Delhi, Georgia and Bangkok . \"The three blasts are connected for sure. We are trying to find out which Iranian group or spying agency the bombers belong to; but there is a possibility that they are non state actors,\" said a source.The three accused were seen around Paharganj, Karol Bagh and the Israeli embassy area, apart from SMA Kazmi's residence during their 15-day stay in Delhi, officers said. \"They did not go anywhere else and restricted their movements.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12289534", "title": "Band Baaja Baraat to be made in Tamil", "text": "The latest news is that this hit Hindi film will be remade in Tamil by a Mumbai production houseIt looks like the mega hit Band Baaja Baraat is coming south! Yes, Aditya Chopra has floated a south division in their company and is apparently keen on remaking some of their successful Hindi films in Tamil and other south Indian languages. And the first movie that is going to be remade is Band Baaja Baraat.According to their spokesperson, Rafiq Gangjee, this news is indeed true and he also confirms saying, \"For now, we are seriously looking at making Band Baaja Baaraat in the south but nothing yet has firmed up.\" Sources say that this movie is likely to be made in Tamil, Telugu and Kannada and they are apparently looking at new faces to star in it.The rumour is also that Bunty Aur Babli and Dil To Pagal Hai may get remade in the south. It looks like many filmmakers from the south have been approaching the makers for remake rights but they have not sold them. And considering many south Indian movies are successful in Hindi, they may have decided to remake these hit Hindi films in south Indian languages themselves.Many Mumbai producers have realized the potential of the south Indian market and have forayed into it with fervour. Ask the Chopras' spokesperson if they are looking at remaking any south movies in Hindi currently and he says, \"No, we are not looking at any south Indian film remakes. No such project has been identified.\"CORPORATES COME TO CHENNAI ANIL AMBANI: Osthe HINDUJAS: Billa 2 LULLAS: Rana, Kochadaiyaan RONNIE SCREWVALA: Deiva Thiirumagal, Vettai, Masala Cafe, Vazhakku Enn 18/9 FOX STAR: Engaeyum Eppothum", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12284335", "title": "Asian women's film festival", "text": "The International Centre Goa (ICG), Dona Paula, will host the 'Asian Women's Film Festival 2012', in association with the India Chapter of the International Association for Women in Radio, from March 16 to 18. The festival will be inaugurated by Chandita Mukherjee from Comet Media Foundation (Mumbai) at 3pm on Friday. The screenings will be held from 3pm to 7pm on March 16, and from 10am to 1pm and 3pm to 7pm on March 17 and 18. Some of the films that will be screened are Chanda ke joote, Community conquers hunger, Hope in the wall, Journey to Nagaland, Addi, Playing the taar, Sooner or later, Boxing maidens and Chinese opera boy. For details, visit the ICG website www.internationalcentregoa.com.Cardiac camp at Porvorim: Renowned interventional cardiologist Dr Daniel Neville Mascarenhas, who practices in Pennsylvania and New Jersey (USA), will be available for consultation at the P F das Neves Mascarenhas OPD Cardiac Diagnostic Clinic of the Goa America Heart Foundation Trust, JMJ Hospital, Alto Porvorim, on March 16 and 17 from 8am onwards. For appointments call on 2416404 or 9561362353.Workshop on Portuguese cuisine: The Association of Teachers of Portuguese ( GATP), in collaboration with Fundacao Oriente, Goa, will host workshops in Portuguese cuisine by M Maria de Conceicao Dornellas from Portugal, an expert in Portuguese culinary art.The workshops are being held in association with International Centre Goa, Agnel Institute of Food Crafts and Culinary Sciences, Verna, and Sisters of Cluny, Vasco. Five dishes will be prepared in each session, from 2pm to 6pm. The workshops will be held on March 17 at International Centre Goa, Dona Paula; on March 23 at the Agnel Institute of Food Crafts and Culinary Sciences, Verna; and on March 24 at the Sisters of Cluny, Vasco. For details and registration call on 9822483778 (ICG), 9850464924 (Vasco), 9822585460 (Verna) or Fundacao oriente (Ph: 2230728, 2436108).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12285911", "title": "Man detained for kidnap bid", "text": "MUMBAI: The Cuffe Parade police have detained a man for allegedly trying to kidnap a three-year-old girl from the Shiv Shakti Nagar chawl on Thursday. Cops are probing whether the accused has any link with the case in which two three-year-olds were found murdered in November last year and in January.Sources said two condoms were found in the pocket of the accused who had confessed to having some \"perverted intentions\". The girl stays with her family on a footpath near the chawl. Around 2 pm, her uncle saw a stranger taking her somewhere and he followed them. On seeing the uncle, the accused tried to flee but was nabbed. The accused is being grilled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12284113", "title": "Bihar government spent Rs 217. 24 crore Kosi rehabilitation", "text": "PATNA: The state government has spent a sum of Rs 217.24 crore for the rehabilitation of areas ravaged by the 2008 Kosi floods through its internal resources till March 2012, said state planning and development minister N N Yadav in the Bihar Legislative Council on Thursday.Replying to a question of Kedar Nath Pandey (CPI) during pre-lunch session, the minister said against this amount, the Bihar government has claimed a sum of Rs 110 crore from the World Bank (WB).The WB had signed an agreement with the state government to provide $ 220 million loan for Kosi rehabilitation package on January 12, 2011. The WB has not yet released any amount, Yadav said.Under the 'Bihar Kosi Flood Recovery Project', the WB had decided to finance flood recovery efforts, including reconstruction of about one lakh houses, 90 bridges and 290km of rural roads.The 2008 floods had severely affected about 3.3 million people in five districts of Bihar - Madhepura, Supaul, Saharsa, Purnia and Khagaria.Giving details about the amount spent with regard to the rehabilitation package, the minister said the government has spent Rs 110 crore for reconstruction of houses, Rs 15 crore for livelihood, Rs 1.50 crore for bridge construction, Rs 1.14 crore for constructing rural roads and office expenses in three districts - Supaul, Madhepura and Sahara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12284793", "title": "Wake-up call: Get your six hours sleep every day", "text": "BANGALORE: Madhvi Surana (name changed), a 54-year-old homemaker, suffered from morbid obesity. Her Body Mass Index (BMI) was 40 and weight 130kg. The well-to-do North Indian woman was diabetic and hypertensive but more worrisome was her history of daytime sleepiness and intermittent loud snoring - she'd fall asleep while sitting, speaking to someone, watching TV or even cooking. When she consulted a neurosurgeon, she was diagnosed with obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) and started undergoing treatment .Sleep disorders are a major cause of concern following changing lifestyles. Lack of sleep is leading to diabetes, hypertension, stroke , heart and kidney failures. It's also a major cause of road accidents, say brain specialists and pulmonologists in the city.A study of 1,050 persons by doctors of the departments of neurology and neuroepidemiology at Nimhans here between 2007-2012 concluded that at least one-fifth of respondents had one or more sleep disorders. These include insomnia (18.6%), sleep-related breathing disorders or OSA (18.4%), narcolepsy (1.04%) and restless leg syndrome (2.9%). Another pan-India survey shows that over 90% of Indians with sleep apnea are unaware of the lurking hazard.\"Considering the health implications and poor awareness, there's a need to sensitize physicians and increase awareness among the public. Sleeping disorders can be linked to snoring, obesity, depression , epilepsy, migraine, Parkinson's, etc. There can be various reasons for sleep deprivation, but if it's ignored, it can lead to serious health problems,\" said Dr P Satishchandra, director, vice-chancellor &amp; professor of neurology, Nimhans.Dr Padmasundran, consultant, head of the department, pulmonologist and sleep analyst said: \"At least 6 hours of adequate sleep is necessary for an adult. About 4%-16% population is suffering from OSA, which is caused by respiratory disorders. There's a lack of awareness about snoring being a disease. Snoring can lead to choking. An obese person who also snores can choke breathing about 100 times a night, which is dangerous.\"\"Sleep hygiene is important for everyone. While a growing child needs to sleep for 10-12 hours, adults and aged persons need sound sleep for 6-8 hours. It's necessary to sleep in a cozy environment, comfortable bed following a light dinner. Avoid excessive drinking and smoking ,\" said Dr N K Venkataramana, chief neurosurgeon, BGS Global Hospitals.Sleep labsAlmost all major hospitals have a sleep laboratory which studies the sleeping pattern of a patient and diagnoses disorders. The lab in Nimhans was set up in 2007-08. \"The aim of this laboratory is to study the sleep changes and abnormalities in various disorders affecting the brain,\" said Dr Sanjib Sinha, additional professor, Nimhans.Sleep ApneaDr Hiranappa, pulmonologist, Bangalore Baptist Hospital, said: \"Sleep apnea is one of the four causes of heart diseases because it disturbs blood circulation to the heart. About 6% men and 3% women suffer from sleep apnea which also affects the emotional wellbeing of a person.\"A patient is prescribed the CPAP (continuous positive airway pressure) device. \"When you sleep, it gently delivers air into your airway through a mask. It creates enough pressure to keep the airway open and produce immediate relief,\" said Dr Natarajan Rajgopalan, consultant pulmonologist and sleep medicine, Narayana Hrudayalaya.Sleep deprivation* If you're not energetic in the day* If you're not satisfied after sleep* If you sleep unintentionally during the day* If you're tired, restless, irritable, fatigued* If you need coffee or a smoke to forcibly keep awake* If you tend to fall asleep while sitting, working or drivingWorld Sleep Day* Annual event organized by World Association of Sleep Medicine since 2008* Celebrated on third Friday of March every year* Propagates benefits of good sleep* Focus society's attention on sleep problems and medicine, education and social aspects* Promote sleep disorders prevention and managementTimes viewObesity, kidney failure, diabetes and hypertension -- these are just a few ways in which we punish ourselves by depriving our bodies of sleep. With hectic lifestyles and work stress dominating our lives, sleep has taken a backseat. Help is at hand with hospitals waking up to this serious problem and setting sleep labs to help people sleep better. Organizations with 24/7 operations should also ensure their employees get sufficient rest. On World Sleep Day and beyond, let's remember that sleep is a necessity, not a luxury.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "malegaon", "code": "12284458", "title": "Approved Manmad-Indore railway lines invite praise", "text": "MALEGAON: Railway minister Dinesh Trivedi's decision to hike the passenger and other fares has left both along with his own party chief and the commuters across the board seeing red.red faced However, the minister is being hailed by the people in Malegaon, Dhule and the neighbouring towns- where the mood is ecstatic after he approved the Manmad-Indore railway lines via Malegaon and Dhule in the 2012 Railway Budget.The project, shared by the Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh state governments after the railway ministry's approval, has been sent to the Planning Commission for its 'in principle' approval. Though it might still take years before these trains actually start running,on the new route the euphoria in the region is remarkable. The most pleased after the announcement is Dhule legislator, Anil Gote.\"It's good that the railway ministry has finally realized the positive impact this project will have not only on the overall development of the 360-km stretch the railway line will cover, but also on its own kitty,\" said AnilGote, who had led an all-party and massive campaign in 2007 demanding the approval of the railway line, says while speaking to the TOI after the railway budget.The demand for the Manmad-Indore railway line is not new. The first ever survey for this railway route, which is supposed to pass through Malegaon, Dhule, Nerdana, Shirpur and Mahu before culminating at Indore, was done long before the independence in 1908. However, professor A Majeed Siddiqui claims that due to the 'strong resistance' the colonial forces had received in Malegaon, the city could not win the favour of the British government. The situation for the region remained more or less the same even after the independence. \"Also, because most of the people on this 360-km long stretch are backward, the successive governments turned down their demands terming the project non-profitable,\" professor Siddiqui observes.In between, the Demands for this rail line were raised within regular intervals. But it was Gote who revived the efforts in November-December 2007. Following the strong demand and blocked of Mumbai-Agra Road on December 12, 2007, a fresh survey was ordered by the railway ministry under Lalu Prasad Yadav According to Gote, the findings of the survey showed that if the new railway route actually takes the shape, Delhi-Mumbai rail distance would be reduced by 140kms, Indore-Mumbai distance would come down from 830kms to 580kms, and travelling from Jammu to Kanyakumari by Jammu Tawai Express will be shortened by 682kms. \"Besides this, the survey report also showed that the rate of return is 22% and within three years the entire project cost would be recovered,\" he informs TOI.Gote also feels that the project will be approved by the Planning Commission on priority basis as it has become more essential now because of the Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor. \"Thousands of acres of land acquired for the purpose are on this route. Starting the train here will certainly be an added advantage for the upcoming industries,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12284080", "title": "Support groups to help you fall asleep", "text": "NAGPUR: Habits like snoring, sleep walking and insomnia may be a matter of humour in popular fiction. Those afflicted by these conditions, though, want people to wake up to the seriousness of sleep disorders. This is why some of them have planned to start the 'Snoring and sleep apnea support network' on Friday, marking the World Sleep Day.One of the most common of all sleep disorders is apnea, that causes an obstruction in breathing during sleep caused by structural problems in the breathing passage. A precursor to dangerous diseases like heart ailments, hypertension and diabetes, the prevalence of this disease has not been established yet. Estimates, however, say that around 16% of world population may be suffering from it.\"At least 30% of heart patients also have apnea or some other sleep disorder. Sadly, the existence of such a condition is not seen as doctors as a warning sign of the other diseases following,\" said sleep physician Dr Sushant Meshram. Therefore, some of the patients and their family gathered to form this support group to raise awareness about these diseases, he added.Eight-year-old Rishabh was having episodes of disturbed sleep and would be listless through the day. His parent took him to a psychiatrist and after a battery of tests by several specialists, it was revealed that he had apnea. Now his father Mukesh Dalal wishes that more parents know that children too can suffer from severe grade apnea.This bank executive took up the task on behalf of his son and became a part of this network. Others who are in the support group are also patients who have suffered these conditions or their family members.\"It is sad that such problems are not taken as seriously as they should be by people,\" said Dalal.\"In western countries, one can even get a divorce if one's spouse snores. People do not realise that it is a disease and can be treated,\" said the president of the network Nilesh Kulkarni. This sales executive had apnea which gave way to a raised blood pressure. It's not only one's sleep that gets disturbed but many other aspect of life, his own as well as that of his family members, he added.Kulkarni also said that the network plans to organise regular awareness activities to inform people about these diseases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "peshawar", "code": "12286049", "title": "8 months on, Pak Taliban free Swiss duo", "text": "PESHAWAR: The Pakistani Taliban on Thursday released a Swiss couple they held hostage for eight months in Pakistan's northwest tribal region. Son-in-law of a retired Pakistani military official was also freed by the terror outfit.Swiss nationals - Daniela Widmer (29) and Olivier Och (32) - were kidnapped from Balochistan on July 2, five days after they crossed into Pakistan from India. Their blue Volkswagen van was found abandoned in Balochistan's Loralai district. Several months later, the Taliban demanded $3.3 million ransom, release of 100 imprisoned Taliban fighters, and return of Aafia Siddiqui , a Pakistani woman jailed in the US for attempting to shoot aUS soldier in Afghanistan in 2008.Early on Thursday, the couple turned up at a military checkpoint in North Waziristan and were flown to Peshawar , said Maj Gen Athar Abbas , Pakistan military spokesman . The couple claimed they escaped from the Taliban custody .Their release roused suspicion about whether the authorities had agreed to Taliban's ransom demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12285387", "title": "Violated by 7 men, she seeks justice", "text": "GURGAON: Vineeta's (name changed) voice over the phone is steady when she relates what it means to be gang-raped by seven strangers. It's almost as if she had anticipated that the worst might befall her in her line of work. \"I was a helper at Last Chance.\" The ironically named pub in Sahara Mall in Gurgaon is not a place she is likely to go back to.According to Vineeta, she was employed there till a month ago, a claim contested by the pub management. A \"helper\" in pub parlance is someone who facilitates entry of single men into the pub, normally working on commissions.Vineeta is the mother of a three-year-old boy, though her husband whom she married three years ago lives with his parents in Kotla, Delhi. She doesn't seem to expect much from him. \"He hasn't been here for a while,\" she says. The apparently failed marriage is another thing she seems to have reconciled to. That's the kind of life she has been living: pretty much everything in her life seems to have had a mediocre beginning and unhappy ending. Education, marriage, work... \"Now I am not sure what to do,\" she says.Since the Monday nightmare, most of her waking time is spent in the DLF Phase II police station. \"I have to go there daily, sit around. People stare at me, but that's all right. They give me tea. In the evening, I have to sign a register and then I can go. Why don't they ask me anything?\"She recalls clearly what happened on Monday. \"I had a fight with one of my friends who had introduced me to the pub. So I had taken a break. But I have to make a living, so finally I went there on Monday with my 15-year-old brother as my escort and asked for work. They said okay. You see, the pub needs women to get men in.\"There was a group of six people in the pub who showed a keen interest in her, she says. When her shift was over way past midnight, she got into a radio cab with her brother to go back home. Before the car had gone some 300 metres, a white Alto nearly rammed the car, and blocked the radio cab.\"Two men dragged me into their car and pushed me down between the seats. I resisted and put my feet out to prevent them from closing the door. I screamed for help. They said if I did that again, they would kill me. So I kept quiet. My brother came running, but they had already closed the door. There were three men in the back and three in the front. They held my head down and made me lie in their laps the whole journey. I was trembling.\"They took Vineeta to Rajiv Nagar in Old Gurgaon, where their friend was waiting in his room in the first floor of a house. The staircase was from inside the house. \"But one of them covered my mouth with his hand and I could not shout. When a call came on my mobile which was with one of the men, he said I was with a friend and that he would drop me home. I tried to snatch the phone and managed to shout 'please save me.' But they took the phone away from me and slapped me several times.\" This, as it happened, was the call from PCR cops whom Vineeta's brother had approached for help.Then they took turns in violating her. \"I did not struggle, because I thought if I did they would kill me,\" Vineeta says.\"After a while, three of them bundled me back into the car and dropped me at the Chhatarpur Metro station. I realized I could still think. I called my mother on the phone and informed her about what happened.\" Is she going back to work soon? \"No, not in a while. But I have to earn a living. Right now all I want is those people to be punished.\"Is she afraid? \"Yes, one of their friends might kill me.\"That seems possible. It's Gurgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12285972", "title": "'Impressive progress on electrification of routes'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: There has been about 32.88% of electrification of railway routes in the entire country, asserted chief public relations officer of CORE (Central Organization of Railway Electrification ) Vivek Mishra while talking with media persons on Thursday and added that the department is surging on the path of electrification according to the directives issued by the Union Railway ministry.He also said that about 3,391 RKMs (Route Kilo Meters) of railway routes have been electrified from the year 2007 to 2011.Reflecting on the annual railway budget, former CPRO of CORE Veena Sinha observed that the electrification of the Chheoki-Manikpur-Itarsi section has been announced in the budget which would a long way in taking the passengers to their destinations in short time.The most important highlight of the budget was the electrification of Jamuu Tawi-Baramulla route in the State of Jammu and Kashmir. It incorporates electrification of 53 kms of Jammu-Udhampur section and 293 kms of Udhampur -Baramulla section. It is the most ambitious project of the CORE as the sheer terrain and topography is very challenging and would provide the passengers to reach Baramulla.Earlier, the outgoing CPRO of CORE Veena Sinha introduced the new CPRO to the media persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12285792", "title": "Law students protest delay in results", "text": "CHANDIGARH: High drama prevailed outside law department, of Panjab University (PU), on Thursday when dozens students staged protest over delay in declaration of results of first, third and fifth semesters.Classes were also disrupted for nearly 30 minutes and senior officials of PU had to intervene to control the situation.\"Undue delay in results is an old practice in law department. Every year, we have to protest to highlight this issue. The authorities have announced the datesheet of second, fourth and sixth semesters, but still results of first, third and fifth semesters have not been declared,\" said Pushpinder Sharma, president of Panjab University Campus Students' Council (PUCSC) and a student of law department.\"Besides, students also need to apply for re-evaluation and compartment exams. But as results have not been announced, they are in dilemma whether to apply for it or not,\" he added. However, dean students' welfare Amrik Singh Ahluwalia reached the spot and promised the students of an early declaration of results.Later in the evening, results of fifth semester were declared online. Results of first and third semesters are expected to be out in the next couple of days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12283628", "title": "\u2018Not bound by unilateral sanctions\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The US may impose penalty on India by June 28 for not substantially reducing its oil imports from Iran, said an international news agency on Thursday. The report quoted anonymous US officials to say that President Barack Obama may be ``compelled to bar access to the U S banking system for any Indian bank processing oil payments through Iran's central bank''.According to the report, the sanction against India will come under a new US law that restricts payments for Iranian crude oil. Iran remains one of the most important sources of crude imports for India, but Iran accounted for less than 12% of its total crude imports in the last fiscal.While Indian officials refused to officially react to the ``speculative\" report, saying that they had not received any communication from US authorities, they maintained that the government remains in touch with Iran to ensure uninterrupted supply of crude. They said that any such sanction against an Indian agency, if at all, will not be legally binding.Replying to a question in the Rajya Sabha on alleged US influence in dealing with Iran, MoS for MEA E Ahamed said India's relations with any country are not based on its relations with other countries. ``We continue to maintain that we are bound by UN sanctions and unilateral sanctions imposed by countries or group of countries should not impact legitimate trade relations with Iran,'' he said.The report also quoted a former US treasury department official and now a Washington-based consultant, Avi Jorisch, to say that targeting Indian agencies for facilitating trade with Iran should be top priority for US administration. \"Given the level of trade, and in particular oil, between Iran and India, targeting an Indian entity that facilitates Iran's access to the international financial market should be top of mind for the US Treasury,'' he said in the report.The report, however, goes on to add that the US government may not be aware that India's top buyer of Iranian crude, MRPL, is already planning to import less Iranian crude from April. India is the third biggest buyer of Iranian crude, with average daily import of over 300,000 barrels, after China and Japan.Foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai had conveyed to US authorities in Washington in February that it will not be possible for India to stop importing oil from Iran. As Mathai confirmed earlier this year, India has not even sought any waiver from the US that would protect those buyers who agree to cut down imports from Iran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12285139", "title": "IIM-K, Leeds varsity ink collaboration deal", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Indian Institute of Management- Kozhikode (IIM-K) has signed an agreement with the Leeds University Business School, UK,for academic and research collaboration, marking a milestone in the history of the 15-year-old institute.The agreement was signed by Debashis Chatterjee, director of IIM-K and Mark Smelik, associate dean (external relations) of Leeds University, who is currently at the IIM-K campus on a two-day visit. Peter Moizer, dean of Leeds University Business School, is also part of the delegation.The agreement of cooperation enables both the institutions to engage in academic collaboration including student exchange programmes, exchange of faculty members and collaborative research on contemporary management issues. M K Nandakumar, chairman of international exchange programme of IIM-K, said the partnership would provide plenty of opportunities to researchers at IIMK to collaborate with the world class researchers at Leeds University and conduct research in different areas of management.The Centre for International Business at the University of Leeds has an India-focused research centre which is funded by the UK government.Leeds University plans to enhance the programmes undertaken by the centre.The University may run research projects in association with IIM-K on inward and outward investment, Indian business links with the UK, and analysis of economic performance and investment attractiveness of Indian cities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12286177", "title": "II PU exams begin on a smooth note", "text": "MANGALORE: A total of 18,004 students wrote the II PU examination in 48 centres in the district on the first day of the board exams on Thursday. No cases of copying or any other malpractices were reported across the district. In the arts stream, 13,694 students out of 14,074 wrote history examination while 380 remained absent. In commerce stream, 4,310 students out of 4,357 wrote computer science while 47 remained absent.As many as 30,129 students had registered for II PU examination in the district. While 25,736 students are regular students, 2,644 students had registered as private candidates.The PU department had made elaborate arrangements to check copying and other exam malpractices. Block-level and district-level vigilance squads had been formed to conduct spot inspections. While there are two squads in Mangalore taluk, four squads have been formed for Puttur, Sullia, Belthangady, Moodbidri and Bantwal. Each squad comprises of one nodal officer and three officials.DC N S Channappa Gowda had imposed prohibitory orders under Section 144 of CrPC within a 200 metre radius of the examination centres. Photocoping centres in the area too had been asked to close the functioning during the exam. Students will write biology and electronics papers on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "12285029", "title": "Staff crunch at forensic lab affects police investigations", "text": "KANNUR: The Regional Forensic Sciences Laboratory here is the only one for five police districts -- Kararagod, Kannur, Wayanad, Kozhikode City, and Rural -- in north Kerala, but it's limping owing to manpower crunch. It has hundreds of forensic analyses pending.Though forensic science plays a major role in investigation of crime, people concerned don't seem to take it seriously.The lab here has four departments: biology, physics, chemistry and documents wing. But there are just four scientists - one assistant director and three scientific assistants - to take the load. The assistant director also looks into administration apart from handling cases coming to the documents wing like cheque cases, forged signature cases, etc.The lab actually requires eight scientific assistants, four assistant directors and a deputy director.According to sources, there are nearly 600 cases pending in the chemistry wing alone. On an average, this department gets 30-35 cases a month, but the maximum it can handle is about 25. The case of other departments isn't very different.It's not as if the government hasn't tried to help. It has sanctioned employing three scientific assistants and an assistant director. But no one seems to be willing to come to Kannur.Salary is low, so many who join soon start looking for other jobs. \"If you don't get paid for the tension you go through, you will naturally want to leave. Moreover, most professionals in forensic laboratories in the state are from south Kerala, and they are not interested in serving here,\" said an official.The lab became operational in 2007, but became fully functional only a few months back. Though chief minister Oommen Chandy had promised that qualified people would be hired to operate this laboratory, nothing has really materialized. And this is badly affecting crime investigation in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12284168", "title": "332 quintals grains go waste everyday in Bihar: Minister", "text": "PATNA: At least 332 quintals of food grains, mostly rice, go waste as leftover everyday in Bihar, said food and consumer protection minister Shyam Rajak here on Thursday.Expressing serious concern over the wastage, the minister said, on an average, every person in the state was wasting 16 morsels of grains while taking meal which amounted to 166 quintals per person per meal, taking into consideration the population of over 10 crore people in Bihar. \"This wastage of grains is equal to one day's cereal consumption by the people of Australia,\" the minister said, adding that such wastage should be avoided to feed poor and hungry people of the state.Rajak said his department was making efforts to strengthen and streamline the functioning of the much maligned public distribution system for the benefit of the poor people who were being provided grains under various schemes on highly subsidized rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12277432", "title": "SRK-Katrina not in \u2018London Ishq\u2019", "text": "Yash Raj Films has denied that Yash Chopra's forthcoming film is called 'London Ishq'.YRF denied the news saying, \"Despite repeated confirmations that Yash Chopra's film still remains untitled, large sections of the media continue to call it London Ishq. This is completely baseless, inaccurate and detrimental to the film. Unfortunately, several individual denials on our part have also gone unheeded.However, we would like to acknowledge and thank those who have responsibly put out the true status after checking with us while requesting those who haven't, to please stop calling it by this name.The as yet untitled film, starring Shah Rukh Khan , Katrina Kaif and Anushka Sharma , started shooting for its first schedule in the third week of February in London and has created a huge interest and buzz all around.The film also brings together the award winning pair of A. R. Rahman and Gulzar, who along with Yash Chopra, are working on creating some wonderful and meaningful music.The film is scheduled for a Diwali 2012 release, the festive time when Yash Chopra movies over the years have lit up homes worldwide.In the meantime, please await our announcement of the title of this much awaited film.\"Let's wait for the actual name then!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12288353", "title": "Budget 2012: Simplify taxation for SME IT cos", "text": "With cost pressures mounting, small and medium IT companies are facing strong growth headwinds. In this light, Vikas Khanvelkar, Managing Director, DesignTech Systems is of the opinion that the Finance Minister, Pranab Mukherjee should look to provide some relief to the SME technology firms in the Union Budget 2012-13.\"At present small and medium IT/Technology companies in India are reeling under the pressure of growing cost due to increasing wages of employees and higher operating costs due to factors like petrol price rise, growing interest costs and inflation. Growing USD rate is also making foreign business promotion expensive for them. Government should provide Tax incentives to SME technology companies as they create large employment opportunities in the country,\" he said.He further adds that for SME technology companies, taxation should also be made simpler to keep them competitive. Not only that ambiguous multiple taxation of VAT, CST and service tax should be simplified.Commenting on his expectations from the overall budget he opines that it should look to boost the sagging economy. Khanvelkar recommends that to achieve this, the overall service Tax and excise duty rates should not be increased and GST should be introduced. \"This will help the economy grow and in turn will also boost investor confidence in the country, making rupee more stable,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "12284819", "title": "Jaypee employee shot at in Greater Noida", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: A 55-year-old employee of Jaypee group was shot at by unidentified assailants in the Dankaur area of Greater Noida on Wednesday evening. Police said the incident took place when the victim was returning to his residence along with his friend. The police suspect that farmers irked with the toll charges on the Yamuna Expressway may be involved in the incident as the victim was not robbed.SP (rural) Sriparna Ganguly said that the victims have been identified as Lt Col (Retd) Anuj Rawat and Brig (Retd) Avinash Chandra, an administrative officer with Jaypee. \"The victims left their office in Dankaur around 5.40pm. A white WagonR occupied by four persons stopped their vehicle near Jaganpur village and asked the way to Delhi. When the two said they did not know, the goons asked them to come out. As soon as they got out of their car, two of the WagonR occupants started beating them with baseball bats. Later, the two others shot a bullet on each on the thighs of Chandra. He was taken to Kailash Hospital in Greater Noida,\" Ganguly said.\"Toll charges proposed by the Jaypee Group on the Yamuna Expressway could be the reason behind the incident, but we are still investigating the case. We are talking to the victim and his colleague,\" Ganguly added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12284303", "title": "Delhi police arrest Trichy fake passport broker", "text": "TRICHY: A team of six policemen belonging to the Delhi police arrested a fake-passport agent in Trichy on Thursday, based on the confession of two Sri Lankan Tamils who were caught at Delhi airport a few days ago while leaving for France using a forged passport.According to the Delhi police, the duo Dhayalandan (34) and Sudhanandan (33) who are Sri Lankan Tamils had gone to Delhi airport to leave for France a few days ago. While at the immigration check, officials found that the passports of the duo were fake and invalid. Further investigations revealed that they had obtained the passports and other documents through a Trichy-based agent Selvendran (45) a resident of Srinivasa Nagar, Woraiyur in Trichy. Dhayalandan migrated to Trichy with his family three years ago while his friend Sudhanandan was residing in Chennai.Based on their information, the Delhi police team planned to nab Selvendran in Trichy. They brought the duo to Trichy on Thursday morning to identify the culprit. Police arrested Selvendran from the passport seva kendra in Trichy and returned to Trichy railway junction to return to Delhi.Since the Delhi police did not keep the Trichy police informed, they were unaware of the arrest. It may be recalled that the immigration police in Trichy airport had come across similar fake passport cases in the recent past.According to the police, there was no case registered against Selvendran in Trichy in connection with fake passport so far. When TOI contacted him, K Balamurugan the passport officer, Trichy said he was not aware of the incident as he was in New Delhi to attend an official meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12288154", "title": "US court to hear 1984 anti-Sikh riots case on March 29 as Congress hires US law firm to defend itself", "text": "JALANDHAR: A US federal court has granted Congress an extension of 2 weeks to respond to the motion for \"Default Judgment\" filed by Sikhs for Justice (SFJ) for its (Congress') failure to defend the charges of conspiring, aiding, abetting, organizing and carrying out attacks on Sikh population of India in November 1984.Judge Robert W Sweet of the US federal court was scheduled to hear the plaintiff's motion for entry of \"Default Judgment\" on March 15 but on March 13 attorney Thomas E Lynch, on behalf of the Congress, wrote a letter to Judge Sweet requesting an adjournment of the hearing on plaintiff's motion for a judgment by default so as to allow him time to review the relevant facts and to prepare a response to the plaintiff's motion.\"Jones Day\", a law firm with expertise in defending organizations accused of human rights violations has been retained by Congress to defend it against the pending charges of genocidal attacks on the Sikhs in November 1984.SFJ legal advisor Gurpatwant Singh Pannun told that on March 2011, when US federal court issued summons against Congress, it retained \"Wiggin and Dana LLP\" a New York based law firm, which also asked for an extension to respond to Summons but later the law firm withdrew its representation of Congress (I) stating that they were not hired by authorized officials of Congress.The US federal court will now hear plaintiff's motion for a judgment by default against Congress on March 29, Pannun told TOI. The plaintiff's are demanding that a judgment by default be entered against the defendant Congress and that an evidentiary hearing be scheduled in order to determine the amount of compensatory and punitive damages to be awarded to the plaintiffs.A class action suit was filed against Congress and union minister Kamal Nath by \"Sikhs For Justice\" (SFJ) a US based human rights group along with several Sikh individuals who survived attacks on November 1984 under Alien Tort Claims Act (ATCA) and Torture Victim Protection Act (TVPA). The complaint, which was amended on March 2011, sought damages over the genocidal attacks against Sikhs that were carried out throughout India in November 1984 after the assassination of Prime Minister Indira Gandhi .However, on March 7 Judge Sweet ruled that plaintiffs must refile claims against Nath. According to the decision of the Judge SFJ failed to properly serve the politician, Kamal Nath, when it filed suit on April 2010. While SFJ had claimed that summons were served on Nath when he was outside the Indian Consulate in US on April 6, 2010 but Nath had countered that he was not served and that no one witnessed him being approached or handed over anything.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12282659", "title": "Congress bows to Mamata Banerjee again, Dinesh Trivedi to go", "text": "NEW DELHI: Angry Didi will be placated. The government is now expected to drop Dinesh Trivedi soon after the Union budget is presented on Friday by Pranab Mukherjee, who on Thursday also owned up the responsibility for clearing Trivedi's railway budget.Faced with the Opposition's taunts over the railway budget fiasco and Mamata Banerjee's demand for Trivedi's sack, Mukherjee told the Lok Sabha: \"The railway budget is definitely owned by the government. It is approved by the finance minister. The Prime Minister's approval is not required...So far as railway budget is concerned, the Cabinet's approval is not required. It has the approval of the finance minister.\"His remarks are significant because of the ambiguous nature of Mukherjee's equations with TMC. The veteran minister, with decades of experience in government and the organization, has a formidable reputation as UPA's chief crisis manager. However, when it comes to West Bengal and alliance with Mamata, Mukherjee's famed troubleshooting skills have been of little use. In fact, many Trinamool members feel Mukherjee himself as a source of tension.Still, TMC appeared happy to let Mukherjee play the interlocutor in the Trivedi episode. Mukherjee, who spoke with Mamata on Wednesday, appeared to have softened Didi a bit. Speaking at a closed-door meeting of TMC legislatures, Mamata is learnt to have said that she might have been agreeable to the rail budget had only AC class fares been hiked. This indicates that although she had demanded a full rollback of the fares, with some persuasion she might agree to a partial rollback.According to sources, Mukherjee told Mamata that PM and other UPA leaders recognize that she, as boss of her party, has the prerogative to decided who should represent her party in the Cabinet. In the three rounds of conversations that Mukherjee had with Mamata and TMC Lok Sabha leader, Sudip Bandopadhyaya, he persuaded TMC to defer Trivedi's ouster until after the presentation of general budget on Friday.The government chose Mukherjee to make another friendly overture to TMC - this, over the powers of National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) which have raised hackles of Mamata and several other CMs. According to Trinamool sources, Mukherjee conveyed to Bandopadhyaya that PM has agreed to hold NCTC at bay until the government had heard and heeded CMs' concerns at a meeting scheduled for April 16, and he would say so in his reply to the debate on the President's address.As a result, there was a clear de-escalation of tension on Thursday. Bandopadhyaya declared in the Lok Sabha that the \"UPA government is stable, and will last its full term,\" a statement which immediately cheered up Mukherjee. Some TMC members, however, still wondered how Mukherjee had cleared Trivedi's budget despite knowing full well how Mamata has been averse to any fare hike.Although the two sides have not worked out the details of a rollback, Trinamool sources in Delhi said they would not scale back their demand for \"complete and total\" withdrawal of the fare hike. The rollback will be announced by Mamata's new nominee in railway ministry when he gets to reply to the rail budget debate.On his part, Trivedi maintained on Thursday that nobody has sought his resignation, and that it was his duty to get the rail budget passed. But that his continuation has become untenable was evident when Manmohan Singh refused to rule out the possibility of his being replaced by Roy. Asked about Mamata's demand for Trivedi's removal, Singh said: \"If anything like this develops, we will consider it.\"Congress's eagerness to placate Mamata has more to do with the fact that it has not tied up the numbers which it can draw upon in case its Bengal ally indeed chooses to walk out of what has become an uneasy alliance. Congress is exasperated with what its leaders call ceaseless \"bullying\" by the Trinamool boss and has started mending fences with Samajwadi Party. On Thursday, it sent a goodwill delegation, comprising party treasurer Motilal Vora and parliamentary affairs minister Pawan Bansal, for Akhilesh Yadav's swearing-in ceremony in Lucknow.But Congress leaders recognize that stitching up an alliance may not be smooth, given that SP doesn't need Congress's support in Lucknow. Hence, they have decided to settle for a tense co-existence with Trinamool for the moment.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12285646", "title": "Gun goes off at party, 1 dead", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 22-year-old youth died under mysterious circumstances while partying with two friends at Shanti Nagar in northwest Delhi.Police said Harvinder Singh had sustained gun-shot injuries from the revolver of his friend's PSO. The incident took place at 12:45am on Thursday.Police said the bullet ricocheted after hitting the femur bone of the victim and damaged his spleen. \"He died due to excessive bleeding,'' said additional DCP (northwest) Romil Baaniya.He said Harvinder went to his childhood friend Amolak Singh's residence. \"Amolak told us his parents were in Punjab and he wanted Harvinder to stay with him. We did not object as we knew him well,'' said Mahender Kaur, the victim's mother. Amolak has a furniture business, she added.Inderpreet, 23, another friend of the duo, came to Amolak's residence with his PSO, Yashwant.\"Yashwant, an ex-serviceman, had his weapon sanctioned from Jammu and Kashmir. At 12.45am west district police received a call from Kalra Hospital informing them of the incident. By the time the family came to the hospital Harvinder was dead,'' said Baaniya.\"Inderpreet claimed the three were studying the make of Yashwant's revolver when he accidentally shot Harvinder. He claimed he immediately rushed him to a hospital. We are probing why Inderpreet had the revolver despite not possessing a licence. We have ruled out rivalry or fight over a girlfriend. Inderjeet has been arrested while Amalok and Yashwant are being questioned,\" Baaniya said.Harvinder's sister, Gurpreet Kaur, was unable to comprehend why her brother was taken to a nursing home in Moti Nagar and not to a near-by hospital. \"He was murdered,'' she alleged. \"My mother had called him up and he promised to eat his dinner soon. My uncle too had made a call. However, the call details have been deleted from his mobile,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12285310", "title": "This flashmob will freeze in Sector 17", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After dance and masti in flashmob, it is now time to experience a different kind of activity that will take place in Sector 17 plaza on Sunday. This time the mob would not dance or make noise, rather they would freeze for 10 minutes to the beat of dhols, with books in their hands during the flashmob event named \"Look at the book\".The event is being organized by Alliance Francaise in Sector 36 to make people aware of the importance of reading and writing books in today's world of internet and Google. The participants would be students, teachers and staff of Alliance Francaise. The event would be a part of their theatre workshop Et Patati and Potatoes.Talking about the event, Shweta Sharma, communication coordinator at Alliance Francaise said, \"At 2.30pm on Sunday our students, teachers and staff would walk in amongst the crowd and suddenly freeze with bags on the back and books in their hands for 10 minutes.\"\"Through this event Damien, the French theatre director and organizer of the theatre workshop wants to bring back the connection people once had with books and literature,\" Shweta Sharma, communication coordinator at Alliance Francaise said.When Damien was asked about why title \"Look at the book\", he said, \"These days' people have access to New Information and Communication Technologies (NICT), especially internet. On the web, it is possible to watch a movie, to listen to music and read books. But it is always more advisable to go to the cinema or to a concert. Same must go for the books as the best way to read a book is to get a printed copy, dusty or new, sit in a park under a tree, while listening to the chirping of birds and read it. The theatrical performance on Sunday is a symbol to promote the same. During 10 minutes, actors from AF will freeze with a book in their hands and perhaps curious people will stop too, in order to read the famous French title of Moliere, Jean Racine, Pierre Corneille or Victor Hugo (all French poets) which the statues will be reading.\"He added, \"It will make people react and it would be amazing to see their reactions.\"Daniel is a Bachelor in Theatrical studies and now teaches theatre to French learning adults through workshops. About theatre he says, \"Theatre is not only a show you watch, as its etymology defines. It is also a place where you can express yourself through your body and words, a place where you practice languages as if it was just a game.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12285001", "title": "PCMC offices told to maintain proper records", "text": "PUNE: A day after the a health inspector of the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) was arrested for demanding a bribe for making changes in attendance records of an employee, the health department of the civic body has issued instructions to all zonal offices to maintain proper attendance records, particularly of those employees who work on contract basis.An official circular issued by the health department states that contract employees of various organisations are involved in the work of cleaning roads and drainages. However, it has been found that the attendance of both civic and contractual employees is made on rough paper and later entered into the attendance registers. It is found that all the employees are shown present in the registers, the circular states.The health department has issued instructions that attendance should be recorded in the registered directly and that there should be no tampering. \"The attendance of the employees who are present on work should be made in blue ink while those on weekly leave/ absent should be made in red ink,\" the circular states.The zonal health officers have been directed to send the daily attendance records of the employees till 5 pm to the main office of the health department. If the records are not sent on time then the zonal health officer concerned will be held responsible and action will be taken against him.R B Chavan, health executive officer, PCMC, said that the circular has been issued due to improper maintenance of attendance records. This will ensure that appropriate attendance record is maintained and there is no tampering of the records.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12285756", "title": "Bigwigs attend swearing-in", "text": "LUCKNOW: In the end, those who turned up mattered as much as the others who stayed away. Till Wednesday, the list of probables at Akhilesh Yadav's swearing-in was burgeoning. By Thursday afternoon, though, it was a trimmed number, keeping the audience guessing about the possible messages in the absences and the presence.Veteran politico Mulayam proved his skill; keeping the suspense alive regarding who the Samajwadi Party was throwing its weight behind. Mulayam was seen cosying up with important faces from the Left parties as well as the Congress camp. On one hand, Union minister Pawan Bansal and Motilal Vora attended Akhilesh's swearing-in along with state Congress leaders Pramod Tewari and Rita Bahuguna Joshi, on the other, Left leaders and CPI(M) general secretaries Prakash Karat, AB Bardhan and Sitaram Yechury were spotted deep in conversation with the SP chief.Even as Delhi watched with bated breath while Mamata threatened to pull the rug from under the UPA's feet, Mulayam kept the ruling party guessing, while playing host to Indian National Lok Dal president Om Prakash Chautala and Punjab's new CM Prakash Singh Badal.If the guessing game was on in the political camp, the celebrity circles were also agog with excitement. This was meant to be Beti B -- Aaradhya's -- first public appearance. For those who might have shown up to get a dekko, however, were in for disappointment.Though 'Dadi' Jaya Bachchan turned up by virtue of being SP's Rajya Sabha member, the remaining Bachchan family stayed away. The only other celebrity spotted at the event was actor Zyed Khan, who received a rousing welcome from the Lucknow crowd.Bureaucratic presence at the swearing-in, many would say, also signaled which side the winds were blowing. Among the prominent bureaucrats present were IAS officers Pradeep and Aradhana Shukla, accompanied by their daughter. Chief electoral officer Umesh Sinha also turned up, but preferred to sit inside the Press enclosure instead of the bureaucratic lobby.Anees Ansari came with designer-wife Asma Husain. The 1996 batch IAS officer Dhiraj Sahu was also present. Among other officers present at the venue was Navneet Sehgal, who, apart from overseeing the arrangements at the venue and at CM's official bungalow, also took turns to manage the unruly crowds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12285890", "title": "Cyberia slams Raghuraj\u2019s entry", "text": "LUCKNOW: Akhilesh Yadav's elevation got a mixed response from the online community. While the netizens welcomed the youngest chief minister of UP, they also reacted sharply to the selection of tainted Raja Bjaiyya, facing multiple criminal cases, as a minister. The decision was widely criticized as Akhilesh was termed as 'promise-breaker'.As soon as the swearing-in ceremony started, Twitter was flooded with tweets of #Raja Bhaiya. The love that the youngest CM of the state got from the cyber world was left to cold air as netizens started comparing the 'old wine in a new bottle' . @OneandOnlyIndie tweets, \"Raja Bhaiyya's return symbolises that Akhilesh is nothing but the Old wine in New Bottle.\" @incorrigiblepam tweets, \"Youngest #CM begins his office by defending criminals :(\" Similar reactions were from others as well. @RupaSubramanya tweets, \"Lovely. Akhilesh breaks promise, makes notorious Raja Bhaiyya min... rumored to ve once fed his enemies to pet crocodiles. #developmentpolitics (sic).\" Aasif Khan writes on Facebook, \"Khandani parampara hai, taking criminal in his cabinet is a tradition he is following!\"@RaviGhiyar tweets, \"Raja Bhaiya is a minister under Akhilesh Yadav. Hail law and order and good governance ! God Save UP !\" Facebooker Abhishek Prasad writes, \"What a great comeback for Raja Bhaiya .... from being declared a terrorist by Mayawati to now being inducted as a minister by the CM whose top priority is law and order!!! So people of UP who voted SP, get ready for the return of the Goonda Raj! If this is the start , what lies further ahead?\"A few tried to find logic behind the decision. As Vedant Singh Rathore writes on Facebook, \"This is UTTAR PRADESH .... yaha BAHUBALI ka hi raj chalta .... nothings gonna change here.... Raja Bhaiya has been with SP for a long time and it was clear that his appointment as a cabinet minister was necessary..... Sarkar chalane k liye Goondo ka saath saari parties leti hai .... BSP k time pe Bahubali DP Yadav ka naam bhi saamne aaya tha , but kisi ko fark pada ?? nahi ... \"Punsters too were of the opinion that this is something Akhilesh could have best avoided. @alok174 tweets, \"maintaining law &amp; order with Raja bhaiyya is like hoping to win oscars with a Bhojpuri film #akhilesh #up (sic)\" @TheRadioJoker tweets, \"RAJA Bhaiya is now a UP minister. What's the big deal? Back in school the most notorious boy always used to be the monitor (sic)\"Just a few days back, Facebook was flooded with congratulatory messages and was in agenda-setting mode for the Yadav junior, but the mood and sentiments of the Facebookers took a paradigm shift on Thursday. Puneet Sharma writes, \"wlcm gundaraj again, lookin like dis govt ll also be remote controlled govt by mulayam singh yadav , akhilesh yadav was just introduced for vote politics only, majority ministers who take oath today are near &amp; dear of mulayam.. (sic)\"This is a major setback for the Samajwadi Party and Akhilesh Yadav in particular as he was riding on a very favourable cyber movement till now. Since the declaration of results, social media was full of positive responses for the youngest CM of the state and hash-tags related to him always had drawn favourable responses in Twitter . #Akhilesh was trending worldwide when he was declared as Samajwadi Party's CM candidate. But, as Rashmi Goda writes on Facebook, \"It's too early to write him down... \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12284196", "title": "High court rejects food inspectors' plea against transfer", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court has dismissed the petitions filed by three food supply inspectors who were transferred for supplying food from an unlicenced firm during the recent NRI summit here.The petitioners Saurabh Agarwal, Rajesh Sharma and one Saurabh were party of a food inspection team deputed by CMHO Jaipur to check the quality of food to be supplied to Prime Minister and President.The petitioners told the high court that the contract of food supply was given to one Sky Fest Catering Services of New Delhi but they did not have the food supply licence as required under the law. It was contended that the tender was made by Indian Airlines office at New Delhi and the petitioners cannot be held guilty for the same as they were never a part of the said decision.However, the Rajasthan Civil Services Appellate Tribunal rejected their plea, forcing them to approach the high court. Approving the view taken by tribunal, Justice M N Bhandari held that since no mala fide intention has been alleged by the petitioners behind the transfer, their plea will not stand. Besides, mere transfers cannot be termed as punitive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12283321", "title": "Sadhana, Asha Bhosle fight over Mumbai property", "text": "MUMBAI: A garden has become a bone of contention between yesteryear actress Sadhana and singer Asha Bhosle . Sadhana lives as a tenant in Bhosle's Sangeeta bungalow. Now, Bhosle has filed a complaint with the police against Sadhana for unlawfully claiming possession of the garden outside her house.Bhosle's lawyer, Vikram Trivedi, told TOI, ``We filed a complaint in January 2012 and want the police to lodge an FIR against her. Sadhana is just a tenant, but is claiming tenancy in respect of the garden abutting the ground premises in Sangeeta Bungalow, which is Asha Bhosle's property.'' He alleged that Sadhana is preventing Bhosle and her representatives free access to the garden.The singer has also sent a legal notice to Sadhana, who denies unlawful possession of the garden. She instead alleges harassment. ``I live on the ground floor besides I have to walk through the garden to enter my house. I am a senior citizen and I will definitely not let anyone to peep into my house on the pretext of measuring the area outside the house. Asha has claimed that I have stopped her from using the garden but she never stepped into this building ever. Besides, how can I be a trespasser when I been living here as a tenant for 50 years,'' asked Sadhana.Sources said Bhosle has been negotiating with a builder for the bungalow's redevelopment and wants residents to move out. Sadhana said, `` Asha called me about three years ago informing me about her plans for the bungalow and informed that she would be sending someone to talk to me in that regard. I was okay with it but told her that I would not mind moving out provided an accommodation equivalent to the space I occupied in this building be given to me. But nothing happened.''Sadhana said she was not aware of any police complaint against her. BJP member Shaina NC, who has been supporting Sadhana, said, ``She is a senior citizen and tenant of 50 years. I will definitely take up this case with the police commissioner.''But senior police inspector Madhukar Chaudhary, said, \"We accepted her complaint but have no role to play. It's a civil dispute and they should approach the court.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12285509", "title": "Cops caught smuggling liquor bottles", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra government has suspended 14 policemen who were caught on Wednesday allegedly trying to smuggle 500 bottles of liquor into the state from Goa. The police team from Navi Mumbai had gone to Goa as an escort with an RBI vehicle carrying cash.Sources said that when the team was on its way back, the Goa police received an anonymous tip-off about the men carrying 500 bottles of liquor in their bus. The Goa police detained the bus at Patradevi Chowk near the Goa-Maharashtra border and found 50 cartons that contained 500 bottles.Home minister R R Patil had directed Navi Mumbai police commissioner Javed Ahmed to suspend the erring policemen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12285264", "title": "Two men in a boat court trouble", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In what exposes the tall claims of the UT administration that there are tight security arrangements at Sukhna Lake, two engineering students from Fazilka took a boat to the water body late on Wednesday night.This, despite the fact that boating is not allowed after 7pm and security guards are stationed there \"24x7\". But, the guards appointed by Chandigarh Industrial and Tourism Development Corporation Limited (CITCO) and UT cops came to know about it only when one of the youths called up Chandigarh police control room for help. Their boat had got stuck in mud and wild grass in the water. Around 2.30am, the youths were taken out in a motorboat with the help of life-guards and their boat was pulled out after a 20-minute struggle. Avtar Singh, 22, and Harbhajan Singh, 24, of Fazilka district, who are staying with their friends in Panjab University had visited the lake for the first time.Sub-inspector Hari Om, in-charge of the lake police post, said, \"In the absence of a security guard near the boats, youths took away one of these to deep waters.\" Sources in police said, \"Perhaps, they did not know boating. After getting stuck, Harbhajan phoned his friend for help, but he told him to call up UT police control room.\" Cops of Sector 3 police station and those appointed near the lake were put on alert as control room flashed the message about trapping of two youths in the lake. Two police gypsies were rushed to the spot and life-guards and CITCO security guards summoned.DSP Roshan Lal said initially, they thought that somebody was trying to commit suicide in the lake, but the picture got clear after two police parties reached there. The youths were released after brief questioning. A DDR has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12285785", "title": "Maya\u2019s pet babus exit fifth floor", "text": "LUCKNOW: Within hours of his appointment as the UP chief minister, Akhilesh Yadav put his stamp of approval on the first administrative reshuffle. Emptying out the 'fifth floor', which houses CM office and top bureaucrats, the change saw the exit, en masse, of all the babus believed to be a part of Mayawati's coterie.The shunting-out exercise saw the departure of secretaries to CM -- Navneet Sehgal, Anil Sant and Chandrabhanu, along with principal secretary to Maya, Kunwar Fateh Bahadur, Raj Pratap Singh, Durga Shankar Mishra and Net Ram. Special secretary, department of appointment, Ram Bahadur and additional cabinet secretary Ravindra Singh were also shown the door. All these officials have been put on the waiting list until further orders.On Thursday, though, all eyes were on the new incumbents taking over the vacated offices. On one hand, Rajiv Kumar was appointed principal secretary appointment, personnel and vigilance departments, wait-listed officer Rakesh Garg was also brought to the fifth floor as principal secretary, commercial tax and entertainment department.Department of Home, visa and passports was handed over to principal secretary RM Srivastava, while Anita Singh, a former Mulayam aide, was appointed secretary to CM with additional charge of departments of administrative reforms, civil aviation and estate. The charge of secretary to CM was also allotted to Alok Kumar, who was earlier posted as director general department of stamp and registration.The chief minister has also been allotted two special secretary rank officials, Zuhairbin Sagir and Pandhari Yadav, who were district magistrate Saharanpur and special secretary, department of labour, respectively.Interestingly, the name of Pandhari Yadav had made headlines in August 2010 after an investigation report filed by senior officials found large-scale anomalies in the implementation of Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MNREGS) in Sonbhadra, where Yadav was DM.Detailed reports of the anomalies, copies of which were dispatched to former Union rural development minister CP Joshi in August 2010, cited that existing ponds were re-dug, muster rolls saw repeats of existing thumb prints, and panchayat level development officers even failed to certify the data.Though Yadav had acknowledged that complaints had been voiced about faulty implementation of MNREGS and orders for recovery were issued against erring officials, recovery of money from officials is still pending. Yadav was, eventually, transferred out of the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12284579", "title": "Murder at temple: Cops clueless", "text": "LUDHIANA: Even after 10 days of the murder of saloon owner Satish Kumar in Prem Nagar, the city police have failed to achieve any breakthrough in the case, while the accused roam free. Station house officer of Division no 8 police station Ashwani Kumar said they have been working on different theories in this case, but haven't been able to uncover any substantial lead yet. The SHO said the investigation has been slow due to non co-operative response of the deceased's family.\"The family is hesitant in sharing any information about the victim and his rivalry with any one,'' said Kumar. The police haven't yet collected Satish's mobile details to ascertain any possible clues, he added. Satish was shot dead at a temple by two unidentified motorcycle-borne men on March 5.He had moved to Ludhiana 18 years ago from Haryana and owned a hair saloon in Prem Nagar. He was a regular visitor to the temple he was killed at.After his death, it was revealed that Satish was living in the city with his second wife while his first wife stayed at his village in Haryana. Following the autopsy, there was a confusion among his both wives as to who would claim Satish's body. Both his wives had agreed mutually in the favour of second wife's claim of the body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12284162", "title": "NH status to 175-km Rohtak-Rajgarh road", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The central government has declared Rohtak-Bhiwani-Lohani-Loharu road in Haryana as the new national highway connecting Pilani and terminating at Rajgarh in Rajasthan as an extension of NH 709, with a total length of 115 Kms in Haryana.This is for the first time after eight long years that a Haryana road has been notified as a National Highway.The total length of National Highways in Haryana has now increased to 1577 Kms. When Haryana State was formed in 1966, there were only five National Highways passing through the State with a total length of 655 Kms. Not the number of national highways has increased to 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12283492", "title": "Power shutdown tomorrow", "text": "CHENNAI: Power supply will be suspended in the following areas on Saturday from 9am to 5pm for maintenance work.College Rd: Anderson Rd, Subba Rao avenue 1 to 3rd St, College Rd, Pycrofts Garden, Haddows Rd, Greams Rd, Shafi Mohammed Rd, 109 &amp; 110 Nungambakkam High Rd, Rutland Gate, DPI complex, Moora Rd, Model School Rd, KNK Rd, Pantheon Rd.Aminjikarai: Purasawakkam, Kilpauk, Kellys, Metro water, Asprin garden, RV Nagar, New Avadi Rd, Kutty St, Cholaiamman St, Sabhapathy St, Mettu St.SIDCO Nagar: Sidco nagar 1 to 10th block, Agathiyar Nagar, Annai Sathya Nagar, Sidco 1st St, Blarampuram, Rajaji Nagar, Rajamangalam, North Jeganathan Nagar, G K M Colony, Redhills Rd, Thiru Nagar, Thirumangalam Rd, M T H Rd, Sivan Koil, West &amp; North Mada St, Thiruvenkadam St, Lakshmipuram, South Jeganathan Nagar.Saidapet: Bazar Rd, Vinayagampet, Alandur Rd, Kothaval st, Jayaram Chetty st, Divan Bashyam, Karini garden Jones Rd, West CIT nagar, Kannamapet, South West Boag Rd, Anna salai, Jenus Rd, Karaneeswarar Koil St, Subramania Samy Koil St, Subramania Mudali St, Old Mambalam Rd, Kodambakkam Rd, Tod Hunter nagar, Velachery Rd, Venkatapuram, North avenue, Arokia Mada Rd, Sudiamman St, Mosque Garden, Potters St, Panpet, CIT nagar 2 &amp; 3rd Main Rd, Srirampet.Seven Wells: Part of Mannady, Broadway, Amman koil St, Anaikaran St, Periyannan St, Nattu Pillaiyar St, Krishna Iyyer St, Arumugam St, Govindhappa Naicken St, M K garden, Seenu Mudhali St, Seenu Iyer St, Gririgori St, Veerasamy St, Paramananthan St, Barracks St, P V Iyer St, Sambu Iyer St, Thatha Muthiyappan St, Varadha Muthiyappan St, Ramakrishnan st, P G Church St, BRN garden, Shanmuga Mudhali st, Pidariyar St, Shanmugarayan St, Thariappan St, Asirvathapuram, Hacker Jockson St, Jill St, Coral Merchant St, Ramasamy St, Malayappan St, St.Xavier St, Mint St, Mangammal St &amp; lane, Vaithiyanathan St, Seven wells St, K N Agaraharan, Kuppaiya St, Venkatraman St, St Kondaliyer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "12284577", "title": "Karnataka looks for trade with MPT", "text": "VASCO: Following a business promotion meet between the Mormugao Port Trust (MPT) and the Karnatak Chamber of Commerce and Industry in November 2011, a Karnatak chamber delegation visited MPT on Tuesday to facilitate operations for import and export requirements.Thirty-six delegates, led by Katnatak chamber president N P Jawali, took a tour of the port facilities.MPT chairman P Mara Pandiyan briefed the delegation about the operations and facilities available and informed them that it was the only port allowing private labour for onboard, on-shore, delivery and receipt of cargo, prompting prospective importers and exporters in Hubli in North Karnataka to divert consignments to MPT.He also assured the visitors hassle-free and personalized service along with co-ordination with government authorities like customs and plant quarantine, etc. The port also takes the effort to run a container train from Belgaum to MPT, he said.Pandiyan assured them that MPT would offer cost effective and value-added services to them once trade support was confirmed.Deputy chairman Biplav Kumar suggested moving the cargo through a parcel van attached to the passenger train which will cater to the needs of small exporters in Hubli.Members of the delegation interacted with leading container lines, stevedores, steamer agents and custom house agents, and collected factual information on container vessel frequency, transportation charges and other commercial advantages when compared to other neighbouring ports.After the tour, the delegates expressed immense satisfaction over the availability of required facilities for handling containers, dry bulk, liquid bulk and break bulk. They said the Karnatak Chamber was waiting to do fruitful business through the Mormugao port.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12283280", "title": "'I have exams in 2 weeks, but all my books are destroyed'", "text": "MUMBAI: Lines of despair were etched on their faces as they helplessly watched their homes collapse into a pile of rubble within a few seconds. For eight families who resided in the portion of the Ganpat Vita Sadan building that collapsed at 11.15am on Thursday, it was their worst nightmare taking shape right before them, while for others it was a slow and painful wait for the same fate.Fire brigade officials predicted that the rest of the building would not be able to sustain the damage from a fire and would either collapse or would have to be demolished by the civic authorities.Municipal commissioner Subodh Kumar and mayor Sunil Prabhu, who visited the spot, assured residents that they would be taken care of. Mhada has arranged a transit camp on two floors of a neighbouring building, but for families who lost everything, the assurances are of little solace.It was in Manish Vinjuta's first floor room that a cylinder burst, with the flames spreading upwards. Fortunately, Manish and his family were evacuated by then, but he has lost everything. His two school-going daughters, aged 11 and 6, stood with their aunt as their parents gave statements to the police. \"I have exams in two weeks but all my books and everything has been destroyed. I don't even have a school uniform, so I am really nervous. We will stay at my grandparents' house for now, but I don't know how we will deal with it in the long term,\" said a dazed Neha, a Class VII student of Pandey Girls High School.Some parents were anxious about their children's academic year getting wasted as exams are near. \"My son is in Class VIII at St Xavier's School and is soon to start with his finals. I am so scared he won't be able to pass this year because of this tragedy. We escaped but lost every single belonging,\" said Aplonia Fernandes, who lived on the ground floor.Skeptical of the civic authorities' ability to provide for them, many are scared they may be forced on to the streets. Charulata Shirodkar (58) used to stay with her aged brother and sister, and as they have no relatives to speak of, will spend the night in the transit camp. \"They have told us they will provide food, water and blankets. But how long will this continue? We have lost our only asset and have no money to fall back on. I shudder to think how I will spend the last few years of my life,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "united nations", "code": "12285878", "title": "Status quo in Syria 'indefensible', UN chief Ban Ki-moon says", "text": "UNITED NATIONS: UN chief Ban Ki-moon has appealed to the Syrian authorities to end the violence which has so far killed over 8,000 people as the pro-democracy uprising in the country completes one year.In a statement on the occasion of the mark the first anniversary of the Syrian uprising, the UN secretary general said that military operations against civilians should end to prevent a further militarisation of the conflict in the country.\"Well over 8,000 are dead as a result of the government's decision to choose violent repression over peaceful political dialogue and genuine change,\" Ban said.\"The status quo in Syria is indefensible,\" he said, adding the crisis has to solved through peaceful means.Ban urged the Syrian government and opposition to cooperate with the efforts of the Joint Special Envoy Kofi Annan and appealed to the international community to offer its unified support to stop the bloodshed and find a political solution that ensures respect for the fundamental rights of the Syrians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12285461", "title": "Saga ends: Snatched from mother, baby Falak tossed into traumatic times", "text": "NEW DELHI: Five surgeries and 56 days after she was admitted to hospital, two-year-old Falak suffered a third heart attack at 9.40pm on Thursday. All efforts by the doctors to revive her failed - and Falak left the brutal world she had briefly inhabited for, hopefully, a better one. It was a tragedy that sickened and shocked a nation and had millions offering prayers. On January 18, the little girl was admitted to the AIIMS trauma centre with severe head injuries, both arms broken and human bite marks all over her body. The same day, she suffered a heart attack, followed by another on January 21. But she clung on tenaciously, to a life that had offered her nothing but pain and trauma.Public outrage at her plight spurred investigations that uncovered a sordid tale of exploitation and callousness, and led to the arrest of 13 people accused of human trafficking. Police finally tracked down her biological mother, Munni -- herself a victom of circumstances -- in Jhunjhunu, Rajasthan. Munni, who had been separated from her three children, was reunited with them, but the happiness proved short-lived.\"She was doing well over the past few days. The infection was under control and we weaned her off the ventilator. The sudden death due to cardiac arrest is surprising and sad,\" said Dr Deepak Aggarwal, the neurosurgeon at AIIMS trauma centre who was treating her.Dr M C Misra, chief of the centre, said a post mortem would be conducted on Friday to further investigate the cause of death. Falak had only recently been declared fit to be discharged. She had undergone five life-saving surgeries, including a shunt surgery to create a permanent passage to drain out the water accumulating in her brain.The baby was shifted to the hospital's high-dependency unit of the neurosurgery ward from the ICU on March 1. Nurses who took care of her said she was able to breathe on her own, lift her eyes and there was movement in the limbs also.\"She would cry and the whole unit would go to see what happened to her. Each one of us was so attached to the baby and now she is no more. It is disheartening,\" said one of the nurses. Moved by Falak's plight, many Indians as well as people abroad had offered to adopt her after she recovered.Falak's saga of misfortune began in September last year when her mother, 27-year-old Munni, took the bait of a trafficker and landed in the capital. She had left a daughter behind in Muzzafarpur, Bihar. Laxmi, who had lured Munni to Delhi, allegedly told her to leave Falak with her and got her married to a farmer in Rajasthan, claiming that she was a virgin.Laxmi later handed over the child to Manoj, her neighbour and relative. Manoj was working with Rajkumar alias Mohammad Dilshad, with whom he entrusted the child. Rajkumar, who owns two taxis, was living in with a 14-year-old but was married to another woman. He left for Mumbai after he heard that his son, who suffers from a rare thyroid disease, had been admitted in a hospital.The 14-year-old girl, who has herself had a traumatic past - including an alleged brush with prostitution - was left to take care of the baby. Apparently, she dropped the baby while bathing her. When the child would not stop crying, the frustrated teenager savagely attacked her but later took her to hospital after Rajkumar instructed her to do so over the phone. On Tuesday, the teenager was arrested and she will be tried for culpable homicide not amounting to murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12285812", "title": "Get ready to travel in Cool comfort", "text": "MUMBAI: For Mumbaikars who are forced to push their way into already-crowded compartments and commute long distances crammed like sardines in a tin, commuting in an air-conditioned train has been an elusive dream. But that dream has been given a new lease of life as the railway board has made a provision to design and manufacture a 12-car rake in the 2012-13 budget, announced on Wednesday.Though the railway budget has made a token contribution of Rs 1 lakh, officials say that the AC train, which until Wednesday was only on paper, will become a reality. A senior railway official said, \"The amount is meagre, but it definitely signals a clear intent of the railway board to develop an AC EMU rake. The railway board, in its rolling stoke programme for 2012-13, has estimated a capital cost Rs 9 crore for the design and manufacture of air-conditioned units and automatic door closing system in Electrical Multiple Unit in one rake, comprising 12 coaches.\"The conventional rake costs around Rs 27 crore; this includes the cost of the electrical component. The exact cost of the AC rake will be higher than the capital cost of Rs 9 crore mentioned in the budget. \"The final capital cost can be worked out only after the finalization of the design,\" the official added. However, the railway board has the powers to allocate more funds for this project in this financial year itself, depending on the pace of work.This Rs one lakh outlay can be used for initial work like the appointment of a consultant, who will have to work on the design of the rake. \"Once the design is approved, order for manufacturing the rake can be made within this financial year itself,\" said the official.According to another railway official, it can take at least a year to manufacture a new rake after the placement of the order. \"If we use the electrical technology for long-distance trains, the work can conclude much faster as the only thing remaining will be to manufacture the shell of the rake.\" Senior official said that the railways may place the order for this rake with Bharat Earth Mover Ltd. (BEML), Bangalore. In the February 9 edition, TOI had reported that senior officials had already forwarded a proposal to the railway minister for approval to manufacture a rake that can be put on trial on the suburban segment of WR after its conversion from DC to AC.Apart from WR, there are also chances that trials can be carried out on Central Railway between CST-Kalyan route because by the time the rake is actually delivered, CR would have switched to 25,000 Volts AC from 1,500 V DC traction. The deadline for CR's conversion to AC is April 2013.The official said, \"Proper trials need to carried out before a final judgment is passed. If the trials are successful, a couple of services can be run during morning and evening peak hours on this busy sector.\"Subash Gupta, Zonal Rail User Consultative Committee, said, \"Serious efforts should be made to make this project a success as it will also help decongest traffic on the road as people using cars to commute to offices can switch to AC trains.\" Transportation expert Sudhir Badami said: \"AC trains won't be practical for most citizens because the railways will charge a steep fare for this service. It is unlikely that those travelling by car will switch to a train because of this service.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12284615", "title": "CPM pulls up Congress, NCP for not voting", "text": "NASHIK: The CPM on Thursday pulled up the Congress-NCP alliance for keeping away from the mayoral elections in Nashik and 'failing to play the role for which the people had elected them'.\"The MNS candidate was elected mayor as BJP dumped the Shiv Sena and supported the MNS. Other major parties, Congress and NCP, adopted the policy of opportunism. Actually, they should have protested this by contesting the polls, but they didn't carry out their responsibilities,\" state secretary of CPM, Dr DL Karad, said.MNS candidate Yatin Wagh was elected mayor on Thursday after the post-poll ally of the Shiv Sena, the BJP, supported the MNS during mayoral polls. The Shiv Sena, the Congress-NCP alliance and six independents kept themselves away from the elections. As a result, the CPM's mayoral candidate Tanaji Jaybhave got only 3 out of 59 votes.Karad said, \"Raj Thackeray and other district leaders, who were in the Shiv Sena for years, are in the MNS now. Their working system is the same, only the banner has changed. So, it isn't true that there will be changes.\"We already were against the working system of Shiv Sena-BJP and contesting mayoral elections by CPM was a token of its protest to the working system of Sena. CPM will always supports to the points regarding the development of Nashik's public and the city. But we will not spare corruptions or favouring contractors, he said.The recent NMC elections held for 122 seats, the MNS had won 40 seats, Shiv Sena-RPI (A) alliance got 22 seats, Congress-NCP combine 35 seats, BJP 14 seats, Independents 6, CPM 3 and Janrajya Aghadi got 2 seats.All major parties- Shiv Sena-RPI (A), Congress-NCP and six Independents kept away from the mayoral polls. As a result, there were only 59 members remained to vote. Of 59, MNS candidate Yatin Wagh got 56 votes, while the CPM candidate Tanaji Jaybhave got mere 3 votes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12285367", "title": "Economic Survey: No longer a foreign idea: FDI in retail &amp; aviation back on the agenda", "text": "Seeking liberalisation of foreign investment, the Economic Survey has sought a \"phased\" opening of FDI in the contentious multibrand retail sector while also pitching for overseas investment for the beleaguered aviation industry.Notwithstanding the opposition to FDI in multi-brand retail , that had forced the government to suspend its decision late last year, the survey recommends a rollout in stages.\"Allowing FDI in multi-brand retail is one of the major issues in this (services) sector . This could begin in a phased manner in the metros, with the cap at a lower level.\"It sought special measures to protect local shops from the onslaught of foreign retailers once FDI is allowed. The existing 'mom and pop' stores (kirana shops) should be incentivised to modernise and compete effectively with the retail shops, foreign or domestic, the survey said.\"While agricultural marketing could improve immensely with growth of modern retail trade, the revenue to government could also increase , as at present the retail sector is largely unorganised and has low tax compliance.\"The survey said the Inter-Ministerial Group (IMG) on inflation has recommended leveraging FDI in multi-brand retail as one of the means for addressing issues relating to high rates of food inflation and low prices realised by Indian farmers . As per IMG on inflation, FDI in multi-brand retail would help in developing a 'farm-to-fork ' retail supply system , and addressing the investment gaps in post harvest infrastructure for agricultural produce, it said.On FDI in aviation, the survey made a note of the huge losses and debt burden of airlines. It said lack of FDI denies Indian carriers access to potential sources of capital and expertise. The survey noted that the working group on aviation set up under aviation secretary has recommended that foreign airlines be allowed to invest in Indian carriers. \"To manage the next growth phase safely and efficiently , significant and continuous investment will be required ,\" it said.The survey's recommendations come at a time when two big airlines - Air India and Kingfisher - are struggling to survive and need immediate cash infusion.However, there is no consensus within the government over the extent to which the sector should be liberalised as the aviation ministry has advocated FDI up to 49% while the department of industrial policy and promotion has sought a cap at 26%.Overall, the survey said that the \"robustness\" of FDI inflows is crucial for India to maintain its momentum of GDP growth.FDI inflows rose to $24.19 billion during April-December 2011, an increase of 50.8%. \"It not only brings in capital and technical know-how but also increases the competitiveness of the economy.Penalty likely for overpricingCome May 31 and airlines operating in India could face stiff penalty for charging fares that are either very high or so low that they do not even cover the cost of operations. The Economic Survey has said the government plans to rein in irrational pricing. \"Air travel in India continues to register significantly high rates of growth, averaging 18.5% in the last seven years... High growth rates... are not getting reflected in financial health of carriers in India... One of the major challenges of air traffic industry in India is the high and growing debt burden of carriers.\"Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Rail Budget 2012 , Pre Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "12285047", "title": "Angadippuram ROB project report submitted", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The Roads and Bridges Development Corporation (RBDC) has submitted the detailed project report (DPR) of the proposed Angadippuram rail overbridge (ROB) to the PWD secretary on Thursday.A fund of Rs 10 lakh has been allotted in the rail budget presented on Wednesday for the construction of the ROB.The joint team of revenue department and National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) had completed the survey for the proposed two-lane ROB and, amid protest from the local people, the KITCO -- the agency appointed to prepare the detailed project report -- had completed the soil test at the site two weeks ago.The test proved the proposed site suitable for the construction of the bridge. KITCO had submitted a detailed report regarding this to RBDC last week to finalize the design.The PWD will hand over the DPR to the Union transport ministry soon.Meanwhile, the development work of the 2km stretch of NH 213 from Angadippuram railway gate to Perinthalmanna began on Thursday. The 10-metre wide road will be widened to 15 metre and it will be made into four-lane from railway gate to the Jubilee Road junction. This is expected to ease the traffic congestion in the railway gate area. The road will be four lane from Railway Gate to the Jubilee Road junction, with 15 metre width. At present the road has only ten metre width in the area.The electric posts and transformers in the region would be relocated as part of the works. The estimated cost of the project is Rs 3.45 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12285967", "title": "Ganga Water Rally in city", "text": "Ganga Water Rally will be flagged off from Boat Club at 8am on March 17. Six states -- UP, Haryana, Delhi, Madhya Pradesh, Uttarakhand and Chhattisgarh - will participate. The rally will culminate at Varanasi on March 19 after passing through Sirsa-Mirzapur-Chunar. All arrangements have been made for the rally. This rally is meant to promote adventure tourism and spread awareness about the protection of environment and preserving cleanliness. It will also serve as a cultural bridge to connect the tourist places such as Allahabad-Mirzapur-Chunar-Varanasi. On this occasion a pedal boat competition will also be organised.Majlis: Addressing a majlis at Dargah Hazrat Abbas, Dariyabad, Shia cleric Kalbe Jawwad said Durood (beseeching blessings on Prophet Muhammed and his progeny) is compulsory in prayer, except which nobody is entitled to be named in Namaz. He said in Islam, women cannot be compelled for any sort of work; men are duty-bound to maintain their families. He, however, clarified that respect and obedience of husband is deemed to be a virtuous act for a wife. Free from such responsibilities still women got share in maternal, paternal as well as in their husband's properties.Hailed: The Allahabad Cricket Association hailed the appointment of Vijay Bahuguna as chief minister of Uttarakhand in a meeting held on Thursday under the presidentship of Receiver, ACA Dr Sunil Verma. The members expressed happiness on the appointment of Bahuguna, who is also a member of ACA. Those present on the occasion included vice-president, UP Cricket Association Tahir Hasan, RP Bhatnager, Dr Suresh Dwivedi, SD Kautilya, Someshwar Pandey, Narainji Gopal and others.Gyanvani: Gyanvani Allahabad will feature Dr NN Gopal and Dr Shanti Choudhary in a live phone-in programme on Friday between 7.05pm and 8pm. The topic under health education will be \"Brain Tumor: Karan Evam Nidan\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12290334", "title": "Art restorers ruined Leonardo\u2019s masterpiece?", "text": "The art world is aghast over a \"serious misrepresentation\" of Leonardo da Vinci's most famous painting, after claims that its restorer dared to stray from the original .A minor ruffle in Jesus Christ's clothing on the famous mural of The Last Supper in Milan has caused a major uproar among experts, the Daily Mail reported. Copies painted shortly after Leonardo's own version show the sleeve of Jesus's red tunic hanging behind and below the lip of the table he shares with his disciples. But in the original, which underwent painstaking restoration work between 1978 and 1999 - work that one expert claims was botched - the Messiah's cuff now rests on the tabletop, the Mail report said.Michael Daley , director of restoration watchdog ArtWatch UK, told The Independent: \"There may now be a serious misrepresentation of Leonardo's final design.\" His research compares in minute detail Leonardo's version, completed in Milan in 1498, with copies made by the Italian master's own assistants, including the 1520s Giampietrino painting now owned by the Royal Academy of Arts in London.A case of copiesDaley expressed his surprise that the restoration had not taken the Giampietrino copy into account. Fellow Leonardo expert Professor Pietro Marani, who headed the restoration, suggested it was possible that the two versions had never been exactly the same - and that, like other copies which alter small details, the painting held in London possibly \"misunderstands\" the position of the sleeve.The masterpiece has, in fact, survived far worse. The original, painted as a mural in the Santa Maria delle Grazie monastery, once came under attack from Napoleon's forces, his bored soldiers pelting it with stones and dung.And in 1943 Allied forces dropped a bomb on the refectory, but luckily the wall bearing The Last Supper had been braced and reinforced with sandbags. Leonardo's fresco technique means The Last Supper was never well placed to stand the test of time, and over the centuries the paint became faded and cracked. Its restoration has divided critics .-Agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12286165", "title": "Police step up efforts to nab culprits, form teams", "text": "MANGALORE: City police have stepped up efforts to nab culprits who attempted to murder Karnataka Beary Sahitya Academy chairman Rahim Uchil, 40, On Thursday. City police commissioner Seemanth Kumar Singh said that four teams had been formed to investigate the case. Meanwhile, Mangalore South inspector Tilakchandra said that a sharp-edged weapon and an empty bag belonging to the culprits were found near the crime scene.Apart from Uchil, four other employees - registrar Umarabba, clerks Vidya Nayak, Khateeja and attender Sathish Rai - work in the academy's office. Sathish was the only staff member present in the office when the incident took place. While Umarabba was outside, Vidya and Khateeja had gone down to the basement of the building to wash plates, after having lunch. Umarabba said that the miscreants might have damaged the glass panes to divert the attention of the public. \"Usually we ask people, who come to meet the chairman, to wait if he is with someone. However, the miscreants entered the chairman's chamber even though he was holding a discussion with another person. Sathish and the other person, who was talking to Uchil inside the chamber, were the eyewitnesses to the incident,\" he added.The identity of the person who was inside the chamber during the attack is not known.Uchil, who assumed the charge as academy chairman on February 6, had announced several new proposals including constructing a cultural centre using state government funds, introducing Beary language in schools, establishing a study chair in Mangalore University and publishing a dictionary for Beary language. Uchil, is the maker of Beary language film 'Maami Marmol'. He has acted in many Beary movies including 'Sahana' and 'Nangala Kutumba'. His recent notable achievement is that he had acted in 'Byari', the movie which bagged this year's National Award in the feature film category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12288543", "title": "Attacking Zeenat was tough: Raj Babbar", "text": "In my long career as an actor I've realised there are two kinds of challenges, emotional and physical.I remember that in one of my earliest films Insaaf Ka Tarazu, I had to face both the forms simultaneously. It was a scene where I had to brutally rape Zeenat Aman .I was a newcomer and she was big star. I took my mentor B R Chopra Saab aside and told him to tone down the scene, since doing a graphic rape sequence with an actress of Zeenatji's stature made me nervous. I didn't want to mess up my career by being branded buttameez at such an early stage of my career.When Zeenatji heard of my nervousness, she immediately took charge. We not only shot the sequence as per the script but also rehearsed several times so that the scene looked real and not filmy. While shooting, I was petrified of physically manhandling her. But that lady, hats off to her, wanted me to be physically more vigorous.I had to do a lot of haatha-paai (jostling) with her. I even had to pick her up, slam her down, gag her and beat her up. She took all the physical and emotional battering to make sure that scene looks as real and brutal as possible. I give all the credit of the scene to her. These incidents of generosity from a co-star remain with you.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12285780", "title": "Gurgaon failed to keep pace with culture shift", "text": "GURGAON: Gurgaon might have taken on Bangalore and Mumbai with its IT boom, but it lacks the sophistication of a millennium city, feel women. The city has been unable to handle the cultural shift that it has seen in the past five years, they say.\"Besides inadequate safety measures by the local administration, a major reason for frequent crimes against women is the cultural drift. In the past five years, several MNCs have come up here but that did not happen gradually. Locals are yet to come to terms with the sudden change. There is huge lack of awareness and education,\" said Mayanka Fuloria, who works in the marketing team at Naggaro Software.\"Locals have earned loads of money by selling their land, but they don't know how to use it. Instead of asking companies to adhere to the rules, the local administration should be busy controlling the activities of men who take every woman walking on the street for granted,\" added an employee of a five-star hotel in Gurgaon. The woman employee said she mostly drives back to her home in Delhi after 8pm.\"I have to be continuously on the phone with someone in the family when I leave my office in DLF for my home at Sohna Road. Such is the level of insecurity that one has in her mind,\" said Jessica Singh, managing director of JustMyNeigbour.com, a company which provides web portals to residential societies in Gurgaon and other states.Neha Verma, sales and marketing head at Striker Pub &amp; Brewery located at Sector-43, says the city lacks basic security, even on roads. \"An office cab drops us back after work. If I were to go someone alone in the city, I would not do so. After 7pm, one can hardly see any traffic cops, leave aside policemen or PCR vans on the road in front of our pub,\" she said. Golf Course Road, where the pub is located, is one of the prime residential locations of the city.Fuloria of Naggaro Software says it is just not practical that women should leave their office when the clock strikes 8pm whether the company policy allows them to work after 8pm or not. \"Government cannot shrug off its responsibility by saying that the company is responsible for its employees. What about housewives who go out for work after 8pm, who is responsible for them,\" she asked.Added Akriti Bhargava, who owns a communication consultancy in Gurgaon, \"I can choose to stay back home after 8pm and work but my efficiency suffers. A major problem with the city is that men who indulge in crimes like rape and molestation have become tech-savvy but their outlook towards women hasn't changed.\"Talking about the pub culture in Gurgaon, Akriti said the city is way behind Bangalore, Mumbai and Ahmedabad where the pub culture is very inclusive. \"A woman entering a pub is not looked down upon in most other metros,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12284563", "title": "Rudresh, Tony vie for post of Panaji mayor", "text": "PANAJI: St Cruz MLA Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate-supported Panaji city Corporation Development Front will field deputy mayor of the Corporation of the City of Panaji (CCP) Rudresh Chodankar to contest for the post of mayor.\"We have unanimously selected Chodankar to contest the post and Bento Lorena to contest for the post of deputy mayor,\" Monserrate told TOI.This decision was taken on Thursday at a meeting held at Monserrate's residence. Chodankar was reportedly selected for the post as he is one of the three senior councillors in Monserrate's panel. \"We have three senior councillors- Carolina Po who held the post for two years, Yatin Parekh who is the incumbent mayor and Rudresh,\" Monserrate said.On Thursday, Rodrigues also decided to throw his hat into the ring. \"I will be contesting for the post of mayor,\" Rodrigues confirmed. Sources said that Monserrate is not in favour of Rodrigues contesting for the post as he suspects Rodrigues of having worked against his wife Jennifer who contested and won the assembly election from Taleigao.With the election tipped to be held on March 20, conundrum continues over a candidate for the post of mayor and deputy mayor in the BJP-lead Panaji First panel.Parekh and Chodankar will complete one year in office on March 20. As per the CCP Act, the mayor and deputy mayor must be elected every year.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar , on Wednesday, held a meeting with his 12 councilors to discuss the formation of a new council. \"Talks are on with the opposition councillors, but if we have to compromise beyond a limit, we are willing to sit in the opposition,\" said a source from the Panaji First panel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12284910", "title": "Weather to blame for swine flu surge", "text": "PUNE: Doctors have attributed the unexpected surge in swine flu cases in Pune this month to wide fluctuations in temperature.Cold nights and hot afternoons help proliferate influenza viruses, they say. More swine flu cases have been recorded in Pune since the start of this month than in entire 2011, causing concern to both doctors and the general public.Temperature fluctuations have also contributed to rise in cases of all types of seasonal flu.\"At the end of the last outbreak, majority of the people were either vaccinated or had had the disease. This helped curtail the outbreak. However, about 30% people who are not immune are still vulnerable. The climate has made it conducive for the growth of influenza viruses. Hence, that could be one reason why we are witnessing more cases,\" said senior microbiologist Renu Bharadwaj, head of microbiology department at Sassoon hospital.Another reason for the sudden surge can be attributed to some change in the antigenic structure of the virus, known as an antigenic drift. However, this needs to be confirmed by the scientists from National Institute of Virology (NIV), Bharadwaj said.Sharing the view, infectious disease expert Bharat Purandare said, \"The erratic temperature has led to an increase in patients suffering from cold, cough and fever, bouts of sneezing and runny noses - all symptoms of upper respiratory tract infection (URTI). That's why there is a surge in H1N1 cases also.\"Senior paediatrician Sanjay Lalwani, medical director of Bharati hospital said, \"There is around 15 to 25% rise in cases of patients suffering from flu-like symptoms in the last few days.\"The elderly and those suffering from health problems like asthma, diabetes and heart diseases need to be more careful , doctors say. The elderly, especially those above 65 years, are at high risk of developing influenza or pneumonia during period of erratic weather temperature, say experts.Swine flu - just like any other flu - is a respiratory infection. It exploits a weakened immune system to attack major organs, especially lungs. When it gets into the lungs, it can lead to pneumonia, which can be fatal. The flu can also cause secondary infections to the body - any of which can lead to failure of vital organs and death.\"Cases of URTI -- both viral and bacterial -- have gone up in the last two weeks. Patients with severe throat infection are a common sight these days. People have symptoms of allergic infection, too,\" said family physician Prakash Mahajan, president of the General Practitioners Association (GPA).The symptoms of swine flu in people are similar to the symptoms of regular seasonal influenza and include fever, lethargy, lack of appetite and coughing. Some people with swine flu have also reported runny nose, sore throat, nausea, vomiting and diarrhoea.Taking medicine without consultation and delaying treatment can aggravate the condition. \"Once the weather settles down, such infections may reduce,\" said paediatrician Sharad Agarkhedkar, former president of Indian Medical Association (IMA).It has been over two-and-half years since the city reported the country's first swine flu casualty when 14-year-old schoolgirl Reida Shaikh succumbed to the infection on August 3, 2009.After her death there has been a lot of awareness in terms of observing basic hygiene and sanitation. However, the fear still lurks when somebody suffering from cold and cough does not respond to regular medicine, say doctors.Experts say that people should continue to take precautions in terms of basic sanitation practices like frequent hand washing, good diet and healthy habits as the virus is still infecting people. People with co-morbid conditions should be more vigilant.Dos and Don'ts* Cover your nose and mouth with a tissue when you cough or sneeze. Trash the tissue after you use it.* Wash your hands often with soap and water, especially after you cough or sneeze. Alcohol-based hand cleaners are also effective.* Wash your hands at regular intervals with disinfectants.* Keep surfaces like doorknobs, tables, etc clean with the help of disinfectants.* Don't touch your mouth, nose, eyes after touching strangers and unknown surfaces.* Don't touch yourself or others after sneezing or coughing. First, wash your hands.* Avoid public contact or use a mask when in crowded areas. The swine flu attacks the respiratory tract.* Avoid travelling if you have any of the mentioned symptoms.* Avoid close contact with people having respiratory illnesses.* Avoid wiping nose with bare hands.* Get plenty of sleep, be physically active, manage your stress, drink plenty of fluids, and eat nutritious food.* If you develop influenza-like-illness (ILI) (fever with either cough or sore throat) consult a doctor immediately.(Source: Health department, Pune Municipal Corporation)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12290843", "title": "No direction for me: Manzar Sehbai", "text": "Actor Manzar Sehbai is thankful to Allah for the opportunity given to act at his age. \"I feel there's no age for taking up any art.I feel I'm lucky to be given any offers at my age,\" says Manzar who was seen in the Pakistani film \"Bol\" last year and will now be seen in Hasnain Hyderabad directed \"Ya Rab\".The film which was shot in Lucknow extensively talks about fighting superstitions in a traditional Muslim family. Starring Vikram Singh and Flora Saini, the film has Manzar playing an important part in the film, the character of a neuro-surgeon who's just not a doctor but also a social crusader.Talking about his character in the film Sehbai says, \"I'm not playing the role of just a doctor. I am also part of society and advice the characters in the film,\" says Sehbai.\"\"I spent ten days shooting in Lucknow and I loved the city,\"\" says he, talking about his experience of shooting in Lucknow. \"\"Although I didn't see much of the city as our shooting schedules used to be very tight, but the hospitality and the warmth of the people there have made my experience unforgettable.\"\" Sehbai now wishes to come to Lucknow again and have a better dekko at the nawabi city. \"\"I would love to visit Lucknow again and see more of the city this time,\"\" says he.Waiting for the shooting of another film to start in Lahore soon, Manzar will be giving company to actor Naseeruddin Shah on screen, in the film. \"\"We are all waiting for Naseer Saab to come to Lahore and then we'll begin shooting fopr this Pakistani film,\"\" says Manzar who lives in Germany otherwise.Manzar, who says he's not an actor, has been quite active on the German theatre scene. In his free time he also dabbles with writing which makes us wonder if he'll ever take up direction? \"\"No, I don't think so,\"\" says he. It's too much for me to act and it's not possible for me to do so many things. Direction is something which has to be given a lot of time and planning and I cant do either.Whatever I do, I do it very passionately. You can call it acting, directing or whatever else you want. But I call it passion,\" says he categorically.While in Mumbai, Sehbai had a wish fulfilled and that was meeting his idol veteran actor Dilip Kumar. Telling us of the experience Manzar says, \"\"It was an honour and pleasure to meet Dilip Sahib. I am thankful to Mohan Kumar for arranging this meeting. It was amazing. I could not believe that I could spend an hour with Dilip sahib. He held my hand and wouldn't let it go for the entire duration of our conversation. It was a wonderful time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12285467", "title": "Traffic cop, doctor brawl over snarl", "text": "MUMBAI: A 60-year-old doctor was arrested for allegedly manhandling an on-duty traffic constable and tearing his uniform at Andheri (E) on Wednesday. Cops said the doctor, Jayprakash Ghatge, had an argument with the constable over causing a snarl. Ghatge, a resident of Chakala, was later released on bail.The incident took place around 4.45pm on the Andheri-Kurla Road. Constable Eknath Vanzare (31) was on duty near the JB Nagar junction. \"Ghatge took a prohibited U-turn. Vanzare went up to him and the duo had an argument. Ghatge grabbed the cop by the neck and roughed him up. He tore a strap from Vanzare's uniform,\" anofficer said.\"Ghatge said his BP had shot up, which was confirmed in a medical examination,\" said senior inspector Pradeep Gosavi. Ghatge could not be reached for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "12286134", "title": "Setback for Khurda-Balangir railway track", "text": "SAMBALPUR: People of western Odisha are extremely upset over poor allocation of funds for the Khurda-Balangir railway line that has been hanging fire for the past 66 years. The proposed 289-km track will pass through Nayagarh, Boudh and Subarnapur districts that do not have enough railway connectivity. But only Rs 40 crore was allotted for the project. \"Once again we feel cheated by the railway ministry by this meagre allocation. This is a perfect example of negligence of the state,\" former MP Bhawani Sankar Hota said on Thursday.Former BJP president Suresh Pujari said, \"Though the state generates a revenue of over Rs 7,500 crores, it was allotted only Rs 512 crores. The railways has betrayed the people of Odisha,\" Pujari said. Former Congress leader Sriballav Panigrahi, however, felt that the budget was a positive one because it has given priority to the safety of passengers.The first survey work for the line was conducted in 1945 as then Bengal-Nagpur Railway (BNR) felt the importance of railway link for tribal-dominated districts of Balangir, Kalahandi, Koraput and Phulbani. Moreover, the route is important and one of the busiest as it is the shortest way between Bhubaneswar and Raipur.However, after independence the project remained in cold storage till the Planning Commission approved it in 1993 and it received the presidential nod in 1994. It cost was then estimated at Rs 383 crores. The project was expected to be completed within five years but funds crunch became a hindrance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12282933", "title": "Three arrested for kidnapping contractor in Anand", "text": "VADODARA: In a scene that seemed to have come straight out of a Bollywood potboiler, an Anand-based building contractor Navin Patel was kidnapped from the city on the night of March 9. He was held hostage by six kidnappers for about three hours during which they extorted Rs 45,000 from him. Patel was let off after he promised to pay up Rs 2 lakh later. What surprised the cops was that Patel took four days to approach the police station and lodge a complaint.Patel registered a police complaint at Fatehgunj police station on Tuesday night following which investigations were launched into the case. The cops responded quickly and arrested three of the kidnappers on Wednesday afternoon. They were produced in a local court and were remanded in police custody for five days. Patel runs Sarjanan Infrastructures Pvt Ltd on VIP Road in the city. On March 9, Patel was travelling towards Anand in his car along with driver Mukesh Parmar.\"On Sama-Savli Road near Urmi School, six people on three motorcycles intercepted his car. Three of them got off the bikes and entered Patel's car forcibly. One of them threatened Patel and asked the driver to continue driving the car,\" a police official said.The kidnappers then took the car to a deserted place in Sama area and demanded money from him. Patel told them that he doesn't have money, but he can arrange for it. \"The victim then called up his friend Nikunj Zaveri and asked him to come down with money. Nikunj took out Rs 35,000 from ATM and handed it over to the kidnappers, while Patel gave them Rs 10,000. The kidnappers asked Patel to give Rs 2 lakh more the next day or else they would bump him off,\" the official added.Patel was then let off. The next day kidnappers called Patel again and demanded money. Police officials said they are also investigating as to why Patel took four days to lodge complaint. \"We are now looking for the other three kidnappers and finding out who was the mastermind. As of now, extortion seems to be the only motive,\" DCP (crime) Ashok Yadav said.Those arrested have been identified as Paresh Makwana, Munaf Sheikh and Mohammed Farooq Bora.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12284102", "title": "Pawar assures clearance to Mayo vertical expansion soon", "text": "NAGPUR: The state government finally seems to have woken up to the cause of Indira Gandhi Government Medical College (IGGMC). Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar has assured cabinet clearance to the vertical expansion plan on build, operate, transfer (BOT) basis during the ongoing session in Mumbai. If all goes well, tenders for the project could be floated within a month.The state government has been dragging its feet on the plan for over a decade. Former medical education minister Dilip Walse Patil had scrapped the project in 2008. Efforts to revive it did not yield any positive results until December 22, 2011, when Pawar again promised to start the project on BOT basis during a meeting with medical education minister Vijay Kumar Gavit and officials in response to appropriation bill put forth by BJP MLA from Nagpur Devendra Fadnavis during the winter session of legislature in city. Since then the college had not got any official communication in this regard from the government.\"The deputy chief minister held a compliance meeting responding to re-appropriation bill today in presence of the principal secretary of medical education I S Chahal. He promised that the modernization proposal would be put before the sub-committee on infrastructure within a week and the final proposal would be put before the cabinet during the session. The government would give a formal clearance to the plan and tenders could be issued in month or so,\" Fadnavis told TOI after attending a meeting with Pawar. Vikas Kumbhare, BJP MLA from central Nagpur, too was present.Pawar told Fadnavis that the proposal was delayed as Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) chairman Pravin Darade was on election duty for a long time. Chahal presented the new scaled up proposal which has scope for increasing IGGMC intake to 150 seats instead of the existing 100 recognized on temporary basis by the Medical Council of India (MCI).However, students and the teachers at IGGMC have their own apprehensions. \"The plan has been on and off for a long time. Such assurances have come many times before. Unless something concrete happens it is difficult for us to believe that the project will finally take off,\" said a senior teacher at IGGMC.He said the apathy of the government and its step-motherly treatment to IGGMC were visible from the fact that multi-utility building construction was going on at a snail's pace. \"The MCI inspection is due any time. I am not sure whether MCI will accept such assurances any more. If it doesn't, the college could lose the 60 seats permanently,\" said another professor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "12290415", "title": "Delhi Gurdwaras to go solar and ban plastic disposables", "text": "AMRITSAR: Delhi Sikh Gurdwara Management Committee (DSGMC) will make Gurdwaras under its management solar powered and Nagar Kirtans plastic-free and clean. DSGMC president Paramjit Singh Sarna told TOI on Friday that in all the 16 Gurdwara's managed by DSGMC , the sangat was informed about their eco drive and was encouraged to plant trees and save water at homes.\"Sikh history and teachings give us a responsibility to protect our vulnerable Earth,\" said Sarna.He said the managemenet of DSGMC was also mullilng over to ban disposables in all the Gurdwara's. He said the DSGMC had also decided to hold Sikh Vatavaran Diwas by holding wide variety of programmes including reciting Sikh hymns, singing environmental songs, holding and attending seminars of environment conservation and reflecting Sikh teachings in an active way by planting trees, talking about wast reduction etc.The educational institutes run by DSGMC would be asked to limit their use of plastic bags, and disposables and to ensure that water was judiciously used in schools.Chairman Dharam Parchar Committee of DSGMC Daljit Singh said , \"It's our duty to make our Mata Dharat livable and lovable for future generations.eom", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12283560", "title": "'Railway minister is not party's property'", "text": "KOLKATA: Rebel Trinamool Congress MP Kabir Suman on Thursday openly supported Dinesh Trivedi, his fellow MP who drew flak from Trinamool Congress after placing the railway budget. Suman supported the fare hikes and asserted that the railway minister was not the party's property.\"The fare hike was inevitable. The railway minister has not raised the fare to fill up his own pocket. Some crucial issues like railway safety and passengers' amenities are directly correlated with this fare hike. As a fellow parliamentarian of Dineshda, I am shocked to see the harassment he is undergoing,\" said the singer MP.\"The railway ministry is a very important ministry. A railway minister has to run it properly. The budget is so vast that it can easily surpass the general budget of some nations. The railway ministry is not a place of personal catfights,\" said Suman, who is known for his frequent off-the-cuff remarks.\"We have to keep faith in Dinesh Trivedi and other ministers. Now, if the party starts fighting with Trivedi regarding any issue then it will do no good to democracy. We all know that (Trinamool president and West Bengal Chief Minister) Mamata Banerjee wants to keep her pro-people image intact. There is nothing wrong in it,\" said Suman.\"He is definitely hurt by whatever is happening. He is such a gentleman. I have spoken to him and requested him not to change his stand and the decision he has taken as a railway minister.\"To remove someone if he is not following the party line and replace him with somebody else is not good for democracy. It doesn't look decent when the budget session is going on. Nobody should consider a railway minister the property of a party,\" Suman added.Reacting to the comment of state urban development and municipal affairs minister Firhad Hakim that the railway minister is a Mir Jafar (traitor), Suman said, \"I am proud to have a traitor like Dineshda around.\"Soon after Trivedi finished presenting the railway budget on Wednesday, Trinamool Parliamentary Party leader Sudip Bandyopadhyay lashed out against it and demanded a rollback of the fare hikes, failing which the party would protest inside and outside parliament, he said. \"The parliamentary committee of the Trinamool Congress has sought the removal of Dinesh Trivedi. I am also an MP, a member of Trinamool's parliamentary committee. I have never been consulted,\" he said.Mamata told Prime Minister Manmohan Singh Wednesday night to make her party colleague Mukul Roy the railway minister after Trivedi refused to back off despite her strident criticism.Suman's relationship with the Trinamool leadership has been strained since he spoke out against alleged corruption among a section of party leaders and openly condemned the joint forces operation in the Maoist-affected districts of the state. \"In Trinamool Congress, everyone works under tremendous fear. No one can work honestly and sincerely under constant fear,\" the rebel MP added.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "12284229", "title": "Lt Col\u2019s wife murdered in Amritsar", "text": "AMRITSAR: The murder of a lieutenant colonel's wife at her house in the high-security Manekshaw enclave in Amritsar cantonment on Wednesday night has shocked the city.According to police, Vanita Wankhade, 28, was strangulated with a heater wire, even as her two-year-old daughter slept in the next room. Her husband Lieutenant Colonel Santosh Wankhede, posted in 65 Field Regiment, was away to Faridkot at the time of the incident. He returned at 3pm on Thursday after hearing the news.The family belongs to Maharashtra.According to sources, the officer's helper, Abhishek Kumar, had left at 10.30 pm on Wednesday and the crime apparently took place around 11.30 pm.Police suspect that the assailants entered the campus by scaling the boundary wall from the adjacent Nikka Singh Colony or could be residing there.Some gold jewellery was also found missing from the house, said a police officer.The motive for the crime is not clear as yet. Police Station Cantonment SHO Dinesh Singh said they were working on different theories to crack the case.Deputy Commissioner Police Satpal Joshi said preliminary investigation suggested that the assailants could have entered the house from the rear door.Army spokesperson Naresh Vig said a departmental inquiry had also been started.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12285116", "title": "Bharuch\u2019s Mansinh Dodiya is new Youth Cong president", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Former NSUI president Mansinh Dodiya from Bharuch was elected as the Gujarat Pradesh Youth Congress Committee (GPYCC) president. He got 6,434 votes.Dodiya who hails from Bharuch was NSUI president from 2002 to 2007 and had also held the post of general secretary at the JP College in Bharuch. Meanwhile, Prakash Gurjar was elected vice-president. Seven general secretaries were also elected.These include Bharatsinh Vaghela, Sarmikhan Pathan, Sangramsinh Rathwa, Jitu Raika, Prakash Vaniya, Meghanaben Patel and Manishaben Parikh. Parthivrajsinh Kathavadia was elected as president for the Ahmedabad west Lok Sabha seat, while Vinay Tomar was elected as the president from the Ahmedabad east Lok Sabha seat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12284051", "title": "Bihar set to fight mosquito menace", "text": "PATNA: Urban development minister Prem Kumar on Thursday admitted that mosquito menace has increased in the state's various towns, and accordingly announced that chemical spraying would be done every fortnight with fogging machines in all the wards of various municipal corporations and municipalities.The minister, who was giving government's reply to the short-notice question of RJD member Durga Prasad Singh, also said that the spraying of chemicals would be started in right earnest.While replying to the question of BJP member Nitin Navin, he said that bore wells would be sunk in the localities concerned in Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) areas to give relief to people from the scarcity of safe drinking water. Kumar also said that the sinking of bore wells would be completed during the next financial year itself.Minister for civil supplies and consumer protection Shyam Rajak, replying to the question of BJP member Amarendra Pratap Singh, said that action has been taken against 42 gas agencies in Patna district alone for failing to fulfill the demands of consumers of LPG cylinders in a proper manner.According to him, while gas connections are given on \"first come first serve\" basis, he himself, along with department officials, attend to complaints made by consumers to him on telephone. Rajak also said that register of consumers were maintained by various gas agencies, but they needed to be scrutinized periodically by officials, including by oil companies, to attend to the problems faced by consumers.State assembly Speaker Uday Narayan Choudhary asked minister for cooperatives Ramadhar Singh to get the irregularities committed in the procurement of paddy from farmers at Kinjar Primary Agriculture Cooperative Society (PACS) in Rohtas district probed by Patna division commissioner K P Ramaiah. Choudhary also said that the inquiry should be completed within a fortnight. The Speaker gave the ruling when the minister's reply to the call attention notice of JD(U) member Ramadhin Singh and others failed to convince the House.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "12286062", "title": "Locals celebrate Vaqar's induction in UP cabinet", "text": "BAHRAICH: Locals celebrated the induction of Waqar Ahmad Shah in the chief minister Akhilesh Yadav led UP government's cabinet on Thursday. Shah won from Bahraich seat for the fifth consecutive time. Shah is 70 years old. He has assets worth over Rs 2.7 crore.SP won two seats from Bahraich district. Waqar's son Yasar Shah who contested for the first time won from Matera seat. Waqar Ahmad Shah's wife Rubab Saeeda won the MP seat from Bahraich in 2004 parliamentary election. She was the only Muslim woman who became MP from Bahraich.Dr Shah was administered the oath of office and secrecy by Governor BL Joshi in a grand function held on Thursday at Lucknow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12285444", "title": "Sena leader set to retain BMC panel\u2019s hot seat", "text": "MUMBAI: It is the BMC's hot seat, handling the finances of the country's richest civic body. Senior Shiv Sena leader Rahul Shewale is all set to retain the chairmanship of the all-powerful standing committee. Speaking to TOI a day before the elections, the Sena nominee said \"ushering in transparency with citizen involvement\" would be key to the makeover of the committee, once famously described by former chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh as the \"understanding committee\".While he opposed Deshmukh's \"political statement\", to tackle public criticism, Shewale has said the minutes of each standing committee meeting will be uploaded on the civic website. \"If the CM thought that so, then being the head of the urban development department he was well within his rights to set up an inquiry. These are baseless political statements.\" The Sena leader, who has held the chairmanship for two terms, says convincing all parties for proposals is a big task. \"In the last term, the ruling party and opposition ratio was equal, so a lot of convincing was required. This time the ratio favours the ruling combine. But it does not mean there would not be enough deliberation,\" he said.Shewale admitted that there is simmering public anger against the deteriorating civic services. \"My first task would be to be set up task force for auditing all projects,\" he said. Asked if he would be pushing Sena's agenda, he said, \"I am a party person too. I would be fulfilling the party's vision as the chairman.\"On entering state politics, he said, \"I contested in 2004 assembly polls but was unsuccessful. I will enter the fray once again.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12285483", "title": "Boy returns from school to find mom dead", "text": "MUMBAI: A 35-year-old woman was found dead in her house in Vakola by her minor son when he returned from school. On Wednesday, when the minor returned from school, he found his mother, Kunju Kagarot, lying on the bed. He alerted the neighbours, who called the police.Initially a complaint of accidental death was recorded. However, the post-mortem examintion suggested injury marks on the deceased's head and abrasion marks on neck. A murder case was registered on Thursday.Kunju's husband, Maypal, who retired as a clerk last month and is an alcoholic, is the prime suspect as he is absconding, said police.The couple was living at Married Accommodation Building at Military Camp Road with their minor son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12288533", "title": "Economic Survey: Telecom sector profit may fall 84.7% in 2011-12", "text": "NEW DELHI: Reeling under the pressure of borrowings for 3G services, the profit of telecom sector is likely to dip by 84.7 per cent in 2011-12, Economic Survey today said.\"PAT (Profit After Tax) during 2011-12 is expected to fall by 84.7 per cent, mainly on account of the sharp rise in the industry's interest outgo and higher depreciation charges due to the heavy borrowings for acquiring 3G licences and rolling out 3G services,\" the survey said.Budget at ET: Budget 2012 | Union Budget | Railway Budget 2012 | Budget News | Economic Survey 2012 LiveThe pre-Budget document said it expects sales of telecom industry to slow down in 2011-12 to 8.7 per cent from 10.5 per cent during 2010-11. However, it expects the revenues to gain momentum in 2012-13 with a growth rate of 10.6 per cent.The survey estimates that profit margin of IT sector also to remain under pressure inspite of healthy growth in topline.For the year ending March 2012, the Indian IT industry's sales are expected to grow by 20.5 per cent and another 18.5 per cent during 2012-13, driven mainly by an increase in orders.Profit after tax (PAT) is expected to grow by 13.1 per cent in 2011-12 and 14.2 per cent in 2012-13, the survey said.While software services exports have continued to be steady, the unfolding events in the euro zone could lead to some sluggishness in the sector, it added.The survey said that these two services sectors ,software and telecom, can be a high growth propelling force for many more years to come with positive spillovers to other sectors and can give a cutting edge in these sectors while facing international competition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12284230", "title": "Puta election a low-key affair, few fighters in 'ring'", "text": "PATNA: Politics is certainly not the last refuge for most Patna University (PU) teachers as it appears from their growing indifference to their association elections scheduled for Saturday.There are only a few \"fighters\" in the ring and the entire show appears to be quite a low-key affair.The Patna University Teachers' Association (Puta) elections are not being fought on any principle or ideology this year. The Left forces, which once used to dominate the scene, have already called it a day. Surprisingly, the ruling NDA, or, for that matter, even the RJD and the Congress, have not sponsored its candidates in the fray.With only a day left for the Puta polls, electioneering was at its peak on Thursday. Teachers contesting for the seven key offices of Puta were seen moving from one college to the other seeking votes of their colleagues.The Puta election this year is virtually a fight between two teams. The team represented by the \"white card\" consists of PU economics department head Rai Murari (for the post of president), Patna Science College geology teacher Anil Kumar (for general secretary), B N College mathematics teacher Bal Gangadhar Prasad and PU Urdu department teacher Israel Raza (for vice-president), B N College teacher Shiv Sagar Prasad (for treasurer) and Patna Women's College chemistry teacher Madhu Rani Sinha and Patna College geography teacher Manoj Kumar Sinha (for joint secretary).The team represented by the \"green card\" consists of B N College history teacher P K Poddar (for president), Vanijya Mahavidyalaya teacher S B Lal (for general secretary), personnel management and industrial relations (PMIR) department head Prabhakar Jha and B N College teacher Javed Hayat (for vice-president), PMIR department teacher Kameshwar Pandit (for treasurer) and Kumari Rupam and Awadhesh Kumar of Patna Women's College (for joint secretary).Even as both the teams are claiming superiority over their rivals, the voters are in a fix as to whom they should vote for. The question baffling the teachers most is whether they should they allow the old guards to continue or give new faces a chance. In any case, they do not want any cross-voting this time as they are fed up with the infighting in the Puta leadership for the last two terms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12285987", "title": "PLAs to hear utility services disputes: High court", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad High Court has ruled that disputes relating to public utility services will be resolved by the Permanent Lok Adalats (PLAs), established under sub-section (1) of section 22- B of the Legal Service Authorities Act, 1987.Passing this order, a division bench of Justice Amitava Lala and Justice P K S Bhaghel disposed of several writ petitions by referring such public utility services disputes to the concerned PDA of the state.The court in the order said that public utility services under the said Act include transport service for carriage passengers or goods by air, road or water or postal telegraph or telephone service.Under the Legal Services Authority Act, 1987, supply of power, light or water to public by any establishment or system of public conservancy or sanitation or service in hospitals or dispensary or insurance service are included in public utility services in the state of UP.The bench passed the order in view of the fact that PLAs have been established under the said Act to resolve disputes relating to public utility services at the district level and the decisions so taken by the PLAs are final and not appealable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12284736", "title": "No discount on quality please", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat has seen a marked shift in attitude as an aware consumer. CGM of CERC Pritee Shah says that there is a significant rise in the number of consumers filing complaints on being provided deficient services or defective products.\"Maximum complaints are in the health insurance sector, life insurance, finance services, which includes credit cards, banking and loans. Durables like mobile handsets and housing sector sees maximum complaints,\" said Shah. Shah said that automobile sector is also facing heat with consumers approaching courts after receiving defected products. TOI profiles a number of aware consumers who ensured that their voice was heard and their rights as a consumer protected.Banking ServicesNafisa Patel of Viramgam used to bank at local branch of Bank of Baroda (BoB) for 20 years and operated a safe deposit locker there. All of suden, she was directed to deposit Rs 5,000 to the savings account or fixed deposit to be able to access the locker. Nafisa approached CERS and also complained to the Banking Ombudsman, as well as top officials of the BoB. CERS wrote to the BoB enquiring how it proposed to resolve the complaint in July 2011. The next month, Nafisa informed CERS that the bank had assured the couple that it could operate the lockert.Medical NegligenceNiranjan Mehta, underwent a cataract operation on his left eye in January last year at Phaco Emulsification Centre, Ahmedabad. Post surgery, Mehta re- ported problems such as lacrimation, itching and diminished vision 25 days after the surgery. He was referred to another eye surgeon for an emergency vitrectomy and further treatment of infection and pus. The complainant lost complete vision of left eye due to doctor's negligence. Following a consumer complaint and regular follow up, the erring doctor party paid a compensation of Rs 5 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12284137", "title": "We cooperated with police to ensure arrests: Amity University", "text": "JAIPUR: The Amity University administration has said it had provided ample support to the police to ensure speedy arrest of the accused behind the murder of a student of the university.Prashant Veer, a B Tech student was stabbed by seven armed students after their minor confrontation took an ugly turn on Tuesday at 9 pm.Condemning the incident, the university administration, in a press release said, the security guards at the main gate informed the director administration just some minutes after the brawl of the students turned violent. \"The student, Prashant Veer, was seriously injured and was given first aid on the university premises itself,\" a spokesperson of the university said on Thursday.The administration also said it gave full support to the police in identifying and ensuring the arrest of all the seven students who were behind the alleged stabbing. \"The administrative staff was active in identifying the students who indulged in this heinous act. Puneet Dalal, the main culprit and his accomplices were apprehended from the hostel and were handed over to the police within two hours of the incident,\" the spokesperson said.Meanwhile, the police said on Thursday all the murder accused were taken before the vacation magistrate and were sent to police custody of one day till Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12290301", "title": "Reveal MP ministers Emotional Intelligence reports, rules Information Commission", "text": "BHOPAL: Just in case you had wondered how emotionally intelligent ministers in Madhya Pradesh are, now you can dare to ask. The government had insisted for years this is a personal secret of each , but the state Information Commissioner has ruled it is not.Emotional intelligence (EI) means the ability to perceive, control, and evaluate emotions. There are differing views among researchers if EI can be learned and strengthened or if it is an in-born characteristic.The issue had its genesis three years ago, after the BJP had returned to power in the December 2008 assembly elections. CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan organised a two day workshop at hill station Pachmarhi in February 2009, hoping to maximise the efficiency of his ministers.As part of the workshop's thrust on empowering ministers to perform good governance, their Emotional Intelligence Quotient (EQ) was elaborately tested by management and psychology gurus, who were roped in to give efficiency-boosting tips to the CM and his cabinet.The event, of course, was organised with public money. It was held jointly by the Indian Institute of Management (IIM), Indore and the School of Good Governance and Policy AnalysisAjay Dubey, an RTI activist, filed for details of the tests on ministers , their EI report cards and other details, in February 2009. This was refused.Thereafter, the RTI appellate authority of Good Governance and Policy Analysis School also rejected his application, stating that documents relating to the \"Bhavnatmak Buddhi\" of the ministers cannot be made public.\"These documents are related to the EQ of those who attended the workshop at Pachmarhi. It falls under the category of personal information and no public interest is served in making them public. It will also amount to unnecessary encroachment on privacy of those who attended the workshop\", said Akhilesh Argal, the first appellate authority, in his April 2009 order.But Dubey moved his second appeal with the State Information Commission.In his order on March 9, Chief Information Commissioner Padmapani Tiwari said the information sought by the applicant doesn't fall under the purview of section 8 (1) (J) of the RTI Act 2005 by which information could be denied. He directed that the information be furnished to the applicant.Incidentally, one of the documents secured through that RTI application is a feedback form filled in by the ministers after the event. One minister had scribbled in the form: \"You have not attached any importance to honesty, integrity, genuineness and mutual trust\", and went on to slam such workshops as useless.That workshop was the first, and so far the last, of its kind that the Chouhan government attempted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12286212", "title": "Complainant should get FIR copy in 24 hours: Committee", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A standing committee of the Odisha Assembly has asked the state government to ensure that all FIRs lodged at police stations should be registered and the person concerned should get a copy of it within 24 hours of its registration.The committee observed that FIRs lodged by victims or any of their kin are not always entertained and registered in police stations, thereby denying justice to the victims.Similarly, the committee stressed that all cases relating to women , murder and injury be registered in a final FIR register referred to above and action be taken on the same for speedy disposal. It said any deviation or exception should be viewed seriously and stringent disciplinary action initiated against the erring police official.The committee, headed by R C C Patnaik, further concern on highway crimes like robbery and road accidents and recommended introduction of highway policing to check such incidents. It has also suggested that a police commissionerate be set up in Berhampur to tackle crime in the commercial capital of the southern Odisha.The committee laid emphasis on increasing manpower at police stations, ungradation of infrastructure, supply of latest weapons and suggested for raising Odisha Auxiliary Police Force (OAPF) for absorption of tribal youths recruited as SPOs. It said simultaneously 629 supervisory posts be created with financial implication of Rs 12.72 crore per annum. tnnThe committee noted with concern that the violence perpetrated by Maoists with use of modern and sophisticated weapons has assumed menacing and recommended for urgent need for fortification of 79 Maoist-hit police stations and 34 urban police stations, including rural police stations located in industrial belt by augmenting their sanctioned strength.The committee among its other major recommendations stressed for introducing a community policing system in the line of Tamil Nadu , upgradation of selected 83 police stations of the state located on the inter-state border and one hard top vehicle for all 138 urban police stations and one PCR motorcycle for all 357 rural police stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12288760", "title": "A ripping tale", "text": "Lifting plots from international ventures has given Indian filmmakers a bad reputation.It has caused damage to such a degree that a filmmaker, who wants to adapt a film legally, is also looked down upon with great apprehension and suspicion as debutant director Jagdish Rajpurohit experienced, recently.Rajpurohit happened to watch French film L'emmerduer and showed keen interest to adapt it in Hindi. Francis Veber, the writer, forget entertain, point blank refused to meet Jagdish Rajpurohit.Our source said, \"Francis Veber and TFI International were completely stonewalled about the meeting. They were bitter about The Dinner Game experience that was made as Bheja Fry here. The money promised was not paid. Francis felt cheated and betrayed.\"Francis Veber played so tough that it took Rajpurohit to ultimately appoint a French agent, Tony Scott , to actually initiate the negotiations and establish his production house's credentials.When contacted Jagdish Rajpurohit confirmed the incident, saying, \"Here, I was offering a price to them but they were constantly worried that I would plagiarize L'emmerduer. I had to literally shout at the top of my lungs that I was there to buy the rights and not remake it for free.\"\"I don't know much about the Bheja Fry incident but some film makers should stop lifting other people's stories and cause disrepute to Indian film makers. Chori karke filmein mat banao... it will only result in getting bumboo'ed,\" he concluded laughing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12285869", "title": "72 escalators proposed for WR, CR stations, 1 at Dadar", "text": "MUMBAI: Funds have been proposed for more than 70 escalators at WR and CR stations. However, apart from Dadar, there is still no word on which stations this facility will come up at.A new 6m-wide foot overbridge (FOB) with elevator-cum-staircases has been proposed at Dadar. The estimated cost for this is Rs 2.58 crore. Apart from this, 41 escalators have been proposed on the CR network, including the Mumbai division. A senior CR official said, \"Eight escalators have been proposed for Mumbai, for which a fund of Rs 1.3 crore has been proposed.\"On WR, 30 escalators are likely to come up at 10 stations in the zone. An amount of Rs 2.6 crore has been proposed for the work. A senior WR official said, \"A majority of it will come up in Mumbai, while a few may also come up at important stations like Surat, Ahmedabad and Vadodara in Gujarat.\"The proposal of outlay in the budget may not necessarily mean that work will begin on the ground. \"The fund can also be used to carry out survey at stations to identify locations. In many cases, where locations are to be finalized, the money can be used to float tenders. In instances of sites being identified, money can be spent in stages, depending on the progress.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12284401", "title": "Prohibitory orders issued around assembly, Panaji police station", "text": "PANAJI: In view of the first session of the sixth legislative assembly of Goa from March 19 till March 21, the North Goa district magistrate has issued an order banning assembly of five or more persons around the Goa legislative assembly complex, Porvorim, and the area around the Panaji police station. The order shall remain in force from 9am of March 19 till the assembly session is over, an official press release said.Issued under Section 144 of the Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973, the order also prohibits the carrying of firearms or weapons of offence such as lathis, swords, daggers or spears, burning of fire crackers near petrol pumps and at the venues of the meetings etc., the use of loudspeakers and the shouting of slogans in any public place, street, road, square, thoroughfare, by-lane or any other open space.Public servants on duty, bonafide marriage or funeral processions or such other special occasions are exempted from the restrictions. However, prior permission in writing will have to be obtained from the district magistrate or additional district magistrate/sub-divisional magistrate concerned, for taking out any procession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12284482", "title": "South Goa consumers set to get respite", "text": "MARGAO: The three-member South Goa Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum at Margao may finally be able to get back to work after pending a quorum for want of two members for over a year. The latter had resulted in over 900 litigations piling up in the district. One vacancy is pending since June 2010.Officials at the directorate of civil supplies and consumer affairs told TOI on Thursday that the two posts are likely to be filled shortly as interviews have already been held.Sources said the inordinate delay in filling vacancies is in contravention of a Supreme Court ruling that state governments should anticipate the vacancies and prepare ad-hoc panels six months in advance.The pending filling up of vacancies in both district forums and the state commission has left nearly 3,000 cases and some 7,000 litigants in the state in limbo.As per statistics, some 175 individual appeals/revisions and miscellaneous applications are pending before the state commission, while some 35 original complaints wherein the complainants seek compensation, damages and other relief between 20 lakh to 1 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12284821", "title": "Economic Survey: Stalled reforms, Eurozone crisis hit growth this year: Basu", "text": "NEW DELHI: Failure to roll out reforms and the sovereign debt crisis in Europe hurt economic expansion in the current fiscal but it is expected to rebound in the next two years, the finance ministry's chief economic advisor Kaushik Basu said on Thursday.Basu, the author of the Economic Survey, said revival in growth, projected at 7.6% for the next fiscal, is on the basis of improved investment and savings scenario, which had slowed down in the current fiscal. The savings rate had come down to 32.3% in 2010-11 from 33.8% in the previous year. The investment rate, too, declined to 30.4% from 31.6% in 2009-10.He said there would be one more year of slowdown in savings and investment rates and this was expected to pick up next year. \"The savings rate will be back to 35% after a year.\" He said his optimism for foreign direct investment in the multi-brand retail sector was based on the fact that it was on the government's agenda and was held up due to political reasons.Basu said there was urgent need to initiate reforms such as diesel price deregulation. It was decided by the government in-principal in June 2010 to deregulate motor fuels, including phasing out subsidies on diesel. But it was never implemented, the chief economic advisor said.He said India still has the potential to achieve 9.5% growth during the 12th Five-Year Plan and that would put the country on top of the league of high growth nations. All other economies, including China, which had high growth rate, had slowed down. Growth in the manufacturing sector and expansion in agriculture would help the country in achieving double-digit expansion, he added.The chief economic advisor backed reforms in labour laws. \"The present labour laws are only hurting the labourers. Reforms can help increase their bargaining power.\" He also said state intervention was important in land acquisition, something that would improve the investment scenario.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 , Rail Budget 2012 , Pre Budget 2012 , Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12285096", "title": "Main suspect in police firing case arrested", "text": "PUNE: The Haveli police on Wednesday arrested one Mahesh alias Bunty Prakash Pawar (23), a criminal on police records, for allegedly opening fire on a youth and a police team on March 1, at Tukainagar in Vadgaon Budruk.Pawar's four accomplices had earlier been arrested on the spot. However, he could not be traced since the incident. A police team led by assistant police inspector Namdeo Kauthale laid a trap and nabbed Pawar from Mahad in Raigad district.On March 1, Pawar with seven accomplices had opened fire on the house of one Parag Bhuvad, suspecting him to be a police informer.When a police team reached the spot, Pawar had fired towards the policemen and fled the spot.Police inspector Ashok Taru had lodged a complaint with the Haveli police station.The Haveli police have so far seized three country-made revolvers from Pawar and his accomplices.However, investigations have revealed that Pawar had brought five firearms from Madhya Pradesh and had sold some of them in the city.\"Investigations have also revealed that the firearm used in the firing outside the Shivajinagar court recently was purchased from Pawar,\" Kauthale said.Pawar has 10 cases, including two murder attempts, robberies, rape and extortion, against him.Pawar was produced before the court and remanded to police custody till March 19. His four accomplices had earlier been arrested on the spot.However, he managed to escape. He was finally arrested from Mahad in Raigad district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-16"}
